A New American Strategy in the Middle East 
Islamic Republic of Iran's Lobbyists and Spies Are in Our Midst? 
Brexit And Northern Ireland Since the Brexit referendum last summer, there has been no shortage of pundits pedaling an image of a Northern Ireland on the brink of economic calamity.
Leave No Person With Disabilities Behind I am one of many in Bangladesh and around the world who does not have equal access to a range of basic rights and resources. The social discrimination that surrounds disability excludes me from society and has left me isolated.
How to Put America First--While Engaging the Rest of the World 
How To Change Iran Government Peacefully? 
Rising Political Risk in Asia 
A New Joint Message From The Kremlin And The Trump Administration 
Five Reasons the Paris Conference Failed 
A New Start on North Korea 
NATO 
On Pseudo-Excellence and Corruption in the Kenyan Education System 
UNHRC decay needs urgent treatment 
A Belated American Cry to Rescue the Two State Solution 
2017 
Redefining U.S. Policy in the Middle East 
Is The Two-State Concept Still Alive In Israel? Is there such a thing as a two-state solution? Even with land swaps, there are over half a million settlers living in the West Bank and in the mainly Arab section of East Jerusalem.
Millennials Are Creators of New Economy 
A foreigner in my own land 
When El Salvador Saved Thousands Of Hungarian Jewish Refugees In World War II 
Do the Palestinians Really Want a State? 
Aleppo 
An Empty Free Library, North Of Athens 
Perilous Journeys To Reach Safety Tens of thousands of Iraqis continue to be displaced fleeing violence, desperate for food, in areas of the country controlled by hardline armed groups.
The Security Council's Israeli Settlement Resolution 
Aleppo 
Few Solutions to Gabon's Election Dispute 
Bird flu 
2017 Promises to be a Year of Unprecedented Risk 
Strategic Partnership Between the Gulf and Britain 
The Continued Unravelling of the Middle East 
Could President Bill Clinton have Changed History in North Korea? 
Trump Shouldn't Reward Sri Lanka's Sirisena 
Egypt bets on strategic relations with Trump and Putin 
Thailand's future under King Rama X 
Trump and Putin 
Iran Will Be the First Beneficiary From Trump's Policies in Syria 
Looking at Some Important Issues in Sri Lanka 
On Trump's Presidential Victory 
Future of Pakistan Depends on How it Deals With Identity, Image and Dissent Pakistan has a long history of hounding the dissenters. The country's military establishment -and occasionally the civilian one too- has stigmatized, ostracized and persecuted those who differed with whatever was considered the state-sponsored gospel truth at the time.
Mediterranean Basin 
Donald Trump Should Announce U.S. Will Stay Out of Syria The U.S. presidential election mercifully has ended. But global conflict continues. And politicians are still attempting to drag America into another tragic, bloody Middle Eastern conflict.
Internet, a Double-Edged Sword Stained With Fake News and Censorship 
Why Donald Trump Should Pursue A Foreign Policy Of Peace President-elect Donald Trump has a unique opportunity to redirect American foreign policy, which has become dangerously unbalanced and militarized. The answer is not isolation, but robust, thoughtful engagement.
The Hour Of Europe - Without England? Suddenly the beacon of fighting for fundamental rights of freedom may be in the hands of the Europeans. The world is not a nice place nowadays. These principles do not have the same support as a decade or two ago and if the U.S. fails to exercise leadership the going will be tough.
Pardon Me? 
More than 2,000 in Berlin Protested Trump's Intolerant Agenda 
Public Diplomacy in the Trump Era 
Saudi's \Silicon Desert\ Ambition, Long Way Ahead 
Under pressure, Egyptian president promises change 
An Innovative Way To Help Haiti's Child Victims Of Hurricane Matthew 
Hillary's Presidency Will Rejuvenate America 
Disaster-hit Fukushima Could Host Olympic Events 
Libya 
The Battle for Mosul Diverts the World's Attention Away from Aleppo 
Aramco's IPO 
The Hungarian Referendum 
The Aleppo Tragedy 
Forgotten Lessons 
Missed Opportunity in South Sudan 
Iran's Rouhani Lashes Out at The US and Its Allies 
Iran And Daesh Are JASTA's Only Beneficiaries \The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter,\ the great Winston Churchill once said. This statement has been proven yet again by the US Congress acting on behalf of the American people and overriding President Obama's veto of JASTA.
Going To War Should Be A Last, Not First, Resort For The U.S. A couple of Rand Corporation scholars have discovered America's problem vis-\u00e0-vis Russia
The Battle for Mosul 
India Launches \Terminator Train\ to Battle Mosquitoes 
Argentina Seeks To Export Its Human Rights Policy The Interamerican Commission for Human Rights has denounced a deep financial crisis, perhaps the worst since its establishment. This debacle happens after years of systematically inadequate funding policies.
Time For Kurdexit From Iraq The American University of Kurdistan (AUK) and the Institute for Media and Political Research (IMPR) in August 2016 conducted a face-to-face survey in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq to measure the level of support for independence.
Dalai Lama Is a Hot Potato Once Again 
The Syrian Opposition and the 'realism' of the US-Russian Deal 
New Armenian Prime Minister Is Pro-Russia and Not a Champion of the Little Guy 
International Employment 
Ireland Our goal now is to work together to strengthen the European Union while ensuring as close a relationship as possible between the UK and EU.
Germany Stands By Its Commitment In The Refugee Crisis It was one year ago that Germany began to feel the full impact of the refugee crisis, with the first trains of refugees arriving at the Munich train station. It was clear from the outset that Germany had to assume responsibility in the crisis, and so we did.
How the hard left's useful idiots are supporting Assad's war crimes 
The New Syrian Ceasefire is a Strategic Defeat for the United States 
2001 
Trump's East European Achilles Heel 
ASPIRATIONS \ud83c\udf43\ud83c\udf42\ud83c\udf3f\ud83c\udf37 
Want To Prevent Lone Wolf Terrorism? Promote A 'Sense of Belonging' Among Immigrants It's not sufficient to know that Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel had a violent relationship with his wife, or that Abdelmalik Petitjean visited Turkey just prior to entering a church in Normandy. What's more important is to understand what they wanted for themselves in the longer term.
China Isn't America, But Sometimes They Look A Bit Alike It's always exciting to visit the PRC. But it is most interesting to learn about China, which is vastly larger, more complex, and humane than the nominal communist state which still rules. It's impossible to predict what China will ultimately become. Most important is that it becomes free, consigning today's authoritarian regime to history's dustbin. Then the people of China will be able to decide their own future.
The Intriguing Case of the Russian the Americans Wanted But That Armenia Wouldn't Turn Over 
Last Tango in Riyadh 
Erdogan's About Face Confuses Regional Players 
Is France Right to Ban the Burkini? 
'Time for Japan to get more involved in the Middle East,' says MP Taro Kono 
To America If you take this revolutionary value (anti-Americanism) away from the Islamic Republic of Iran, the system will crumble like a house of sand. That is why whenever leaders think that the U.S. and Iran are getting closer, Iranian top gilded leaders reassert the message that America is the enemy number one
More Worries Over Sri Lanka's Transitional Justice Process According to a group of Tamil human rights activists, Sri Lanka's incipient transitional justice process is deeply flawed. Several organizations have recently delivered a letter to UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon -- who just visited the war-torn island nation.
West Should Stop Whining About North Korean Nukes Washington long has told the rest of the world what to do. But the world usually pays little attention. When ignored, U.S. officials typically talk tougher and louder, with no better result. That describes American policy toward North Korea.
[IN&OUT KOREA] Anonymous Interview on Misogyny Pt. 1 
A New Opportunity for Economic Integration in South America 
Love for a Continent and Peace to the World 
Russia Eyes to Lure Chinese Tourists 
Ukraine at a Crossroads 
Teenage Gunfight With ISIS In true keeping with its unconscionably horrific vision, Daash has been marching forward with a genocidal effort, specifically targeting Yazidi people whom it believes to be devil worshippers. Yazidis are not Muslim and practice some customs, including pagan ones that are misunderstood and leveraged as hate by Daash.
We Watched Five-Year-Old Syrian Omran Daqneesh Lifted From Rubble, Now We Need To Take Actions My article is not intended to teach anything you already know but to motivate you to take actions. Syria is living under the horrors of war for 4 years and civilians are the main casualties especially children.
Iran's Grand Ayatollah Reveals Iran's Egregious Crimes Against Humanity 
How Blocking The Saudi Arms Deal Can Help Stop Lame Duck TPP 
Kenya's health sector challenges present the ideal setting for creating shared value 
Police-Station Occupiers Also Shined Spotlight on Russian Subjugation of Armenia 
South Africa is Africa's largest economy (again). But what does it mean? 
A fresh focus on new approaches to recycling tyres is needed 
Turkey's Russian Flirtation 
U.S. Demands Release of Darfuris Arrested for Daring to Meet with Obama's Special Envoy 
The Alleged Chinese Hacking at Vietnam's Airports Shows That the South China Sea Battle Isn't Just in the Water PERTH, Australia -- This latest hack has not simply pointed out that nationalism and the fight over the South China Sea is being dangerously disaggregated from governments to citizens, but it has also shown that one of Southeast Asia's brightest tech hopes has a terribly large chink in its armor.
Ankara and Cairo 
Putin, Assad Do a Chechnya Number on Aleppo 
Syria Is Not America's War To Fight The U.S. should adopt a policy of first do no harm. Stay out of the conflict. Don't add to the tragedy. Accept refugees fleeing for their lives. Provide humanitarian aid to those within reach. That would be an agenda of which Americans could be proud.
The Business of ISIS 
Prospects for a Post-Maduro Venezuela 
Weekend Roundup If the aim of the coup plotters was to derail Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdo\u011fan's march toward autocratic rule and restore the country firmly on the secular path envisioned by its modern founder, Mustafa Kemal Atat\u00fcrk, their failure achieved the opposite result. The last gasp of Atat\u00fcrk has breathed new life into Erdogan's troubled and troubling tenure. (continued)
Exit the Korean Imbroglio Experience suggests that \neutering\ Pyongyang is beyond the power of the U.S. president, at least at a cost Americans are willing to bear. The U.S. should try a different approach. Washington should withdraw from the Korean vortex. Then the Democratic People's Republic of Korea would be primarily a problem for its neighbors, who have the most at stake.
Insisting on our Common Humanity 
Vietnam Careful, Not Jubilant After South China Sea Ruling Against China PERTH, Australia -- Vietnam's reaction to the South China Sea ruling is surprisingly muted for a country that has so much at stake.
Arabs shouldn't celebrate Chilcot, nor be happy with Brexit 
ISIS 
Anti-Korea Sentiment Growing in China Due to THAAD 
The Email Investigation And The Tools Of Ignorance 
The Meaning of America? Ask My Family To truly understand the meaning of America, ask someone who wasn't born here. In my case, that's easy.
\Mea Culpa\ Foreign Policy 
Northeast Is The Heart of The Korean Wave in India 
Is 'Gangnam Style' The Korean Wave? \The Intellectual Is Not a Tool\ 
Russia Needs Turkey in the War on ISIS 
Is There Life After Debt For Puerto Rico? While the rescue plan establishes the foundation for debt reduction and a smaller deficit, it is not enough to ensure an end to the crisis. Ultimately, that will take a revival of Puerto Rico's economy, something that the House bill does little to accomplish.
Weekend Roundup \Present at the Creation\ is the title Dean Acheson, the famed American secretary of state from 1949-1953, gave to his memoir, which recounts the vision and construction of the post-World War II institutions of global order. In that same era, French diplomat Robert Schuman, considered \the father of Europe,\ planted the seeds of European integration that have grown for the last several decades into a club of 28 countries with a population of 500 million. Brexit marks an historic turn of the tide. Today, we are present at the unraveling of those grand institutions that have outlived their capacity to deliver and lost the allegiance of their publics. (continued)
Once the Capital of Nostalgia, Istanbul Is Now the Capital of Anxiety and Neurosis ISTANBUL -- Many a curious tourist had wandered in this city in the last millennia, and I wondered how it would be like for me to wander along the city's new outreaches. Those plans disappeared by 10:00 p.m, when like Istanbul locals and tourists, I was reminded that Istanbul was now a city ruled by terror.
This Week in World War I 
World Bank Forgoes Transparency, Hides Behind Policy Loophole On May 26, 2016, sixty-nine civil society organizations (CSOs) from twenty-six countries urged the World Bank to maintain transparency throughout the ongoing review of its environmental and social protection policies, or safeguards.
Operation Death Bird in Moscow 
Prince Mohammad bin Salman Visits America at the Right Time 
The LADY (Happy 71st Birthday 19/06/2016) 
Weekend Roundup It is de rigueur among tolerant liberals who don't want to divide society further in our unsettling times to dismiss Samuel Huntington's thesis of a \clash of civilizations.\ But Huntington was right -- though perhaps in a way he didn't grasp. (continued)
How birds endemic to southern Africa are likely to cope with climate change 
Why Go to Russia? 
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump Won't Walk In Obama's Footsteps Rl 
The Economics of Humanitarian Assistance Entering the sixth year of the Syrian conflict, we've become all-too-familiar with the overtures of international NGOs and governments for humanitarian assistance to mitigate the refugee crisis.
The Hidden Heroes of Gaziantep Each year on June 20th the United Nations invites organizations and people from around the world to celebrate World Refugee Day. This is an event that \honors the courage, strength and determination of women, men and children who are forced to flee their homeland under threat of persecution, conflict and violence.\
How insight into southern Africa's dolphins is being deepened 
Anti-Venezuela Initiative Defeated at OAS The U.S. and one of its principal allies, OAS (Organization of American States) Secretary General Lu\u00eds Almagro, suffered an unambiguous defeat this week at the OAS, when Almagro's attempt to use the hemispheric organization against Venezuela was rejected unanimously by the hemisphere.
Amid the Tumult Over France's Labor Reform, the Silence of the People Over and over we hear from the sidelines of marches in which fires, tear gas and warning shots have replaced the chants and slogans of the workers of yesteryear, Martinez's defiant words about \police brutality,\ about \employers' violence,\ and about his own intent to alter, unassisted, and like one of the greats, the \balance of power\ between the CGT and a treacherous left that supposedly has turned betrayal into a tool of government and of survival.
Narrow Focus on HIV Response Overlooks Pandemic's Weakest Links The global health community simply cannot afford to ignore the HIV epidemic in Western and Central Africa (WCA), where five million, or a third, of the 15 million people who should be started on antiretrovirals in the next four years currently live.
To bin Laden and Back 
How data science can help save the world When the Indonesian government threatened to remove democratic local elections, 118,000 citizens signed a petition to preserve their right to vote.
From Where I Stand 
The Race to Raqqa 
Poorer Countries Admire Leaders' Strength, Wealthier Countries Admire Their Ideals 
This Week in World War I At the onset of World War I, there were a series of naval battles throughout the world's oceans that saw the Royal Navy largely destroy the German Navy's surface combatants outside of the Baltic Sea.
Escape from Falluja Harrowing accounts from residents, who in recent days managed to escape from the Iraqi city of Falluja, which is under control of the armed group calling itself Islamic State (IS), paint a frightening picture of starving civilians living under shelling and in constant fear.
Insight Into the Former Soviet Union's Fake Degrees There are lots of ways to get a university degree in the former Soviet Union without working for it.
Modest Objectives for the Russian-Gulf Dialogue 
Weekend Roundup This week, Barack Obama became the first sitting U.S. president to visit Hiroshima, incinerated and vaporized by American nuclear bombs 71 years ago. For the U.S., as with Japan's own wartime atrocities that still deeply rankle the emotions of its Asian neighbors, the profound apology that matters is not about the past but the future. It is about taking convincing actions today that ensure what happened in the past never happens again. That future-oriented apology remains lacking all around. (continued)
May 30 Judgement Day for Americans Tortured In UAE On Monday, two Americans who have been held in an Emirati jail for almost two years will find out in court whether they will be sentenced to up to 15 years in prison. Successful businessmen Kamal Ahmed Eldarat, age 58, and his son Mohamed, who is 33, were tortured into making false confessions and given a sham trial.
Aleppo and Mosul 
Dispatches From the World Humanitarian Summit The challenge of our time is to shift from spending money on mitigating conflicts to spending money on preventing conflicts. This will demand new, innovative thinking, and it will require a significant investment in building the capacities and infrastructures of vulnerable regions.
There Is No Plan B Either in Yemen or in Syria 
Appraising Sri Lanka's Reform Agenda 
Walls and Bosnia 24 Years After? This is not just about Bosnia but rather the reactionary appeal of nationalism, populism and manifestations of walls, physical and psychological.
Public Diplomacy in the Pacific Nations such as South Korea, Indonesia, Singapore, the Philippines, Malaysia, Australia, New Zealand, Vietnam and others all keep a close eye on China, but they also know that they individually and especially collectively possess enough economic and political vitality to offset some of China's regional dominance.
U.S. and NATO Should End New Cold War With Russia It's good that NATO and Russia met. Dialogue should continue, with the EU and U.S. prepared to negotiate a deal normalizing relations.However, the allies won't know without trying. And everyone would benefit from ending the current impasse. Especially the Ukrainian people.
Is al-Qaeda Poised to Declare Its First Emirate in the Middle East? On May 7, Ayman al-Zawahiri, the head of al-Qaeda, released an audio recording in which he announced that he had given his permission for the al-Qaeda affiliated Syrian jihadist group, al-Nusra Front, to create \a new emirate\ in Syria.
This Week in World War I 
Many Leaders in the Former Soviet Union Like Trump Because He's One of Them YEREVAN, Armenia -- A lot of leaders in the West are appalled that Donald Trump, whom they see as a demagogue, bully and know-nothing, has a shot at becoming president of the United States. Many countries in the former Soviet Union are pulling for the presumptive Republican candidate, however.
Is Magufuli the Region's Next Kagame? In one of the most contentious elections in Tanzania's post-colonial history, John Pombe Magufuli was elected as the nation's fifth president in October 2015.
Painting Is 'More Than Eating or Breathing\ Says Self-Taught Syrian Refugee Artist in Iraq Islam Muhammad Botanee is a self-taught painter. His images are haunting, often dark and painful.
The Bin Ladens The past year has not been good to Osama Bin Laden's brothers, owners of the Saudi Binladen Group, one of the kingdom's leading construction conglomerates.
Egypt's Copts Likely to Find Persecution Ahead from Increasingly Repressive Military Regime The Middle East has turned hostile to Christians and other religious minorities. The Iraqi Christian community has been devastated. Syria's civil war loosed the murderous Islamic State on Christians and others. Libya's disintegration opened the nation to IS fighters bent on killing anyone of the wrong faith.
I Met Belize's Next Dictator 
Defeating Terrorism Requires Prioritizing Development United States' piecemeal counterterrorism strategy is failing because it prioritizes surveillance and killing individual terrorists over addressing the fundamental social and economic issues that empower and sustain terrorist groups.
A Letter to American Friends We have built up such incredible trust relations in the last 70 years. We are convinced that the US will continue to play a leading role in the world and remain a good partner to us in the coming years.
Globalization 3.0 Is Shifting Power From Nations to Cities Around the World 
Hate Preachers on Qatar Campus 
Time for the US to take Cuba seriously 
#TalkToMe On April 4, HuffPost launched #TalkToMe, a major new video series meant to spark meaningful conversations between parents and children. So my son Lucas is the second of his siblings to talk to me. Hope you enjoy it as we did.
#TalkToMe On April 4, HuffPost launched #TalkToMe, a major new video series meant to spark meaningful conversations between parents and children. So my son Otavio  is the third of his siblings to talk to me. Hope you enjoy it as we did.
Brexit 
New Constants in Traditional US-Gulf Partnership 
Egyptian soccer fans set stage for growing anti-government protests 
Updating the Party The new Central Committee of the Cuban Communist Party reflects the priorities and style of its First Secretary. The party itself maintains the leading role, but the committee has a more technocratic tilt, positioning it for the complex economic tasks ahead.
Is Monday the Beginning of the End for Sisi in Egypt? It's possible not much will happen Monday, that predicted demonstrations will be tiny or quashed, but President Sisi's government is obviously rattled and nervous that reaction against his handing over of two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia will ignite widespread disruption across the country.
The Pakistani Army's Coup Against Itself 
The Continuing Plight of Gays in the Former Soviet Union Finding a job in a country as poor as Armenia can be daunting under the best of circumstances. It's even more difficult if you're gay.
To Save His Middle East Legacy, Obama Must Recognise a Palestinian State Now No matter how he adjusts his views after leaving office, Obama will never save his legacy in the Middle East and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict if he does not recognize a Palestinian state while he still has the power to do so.
This Week in World War I, April 16-22, 1916 
Rome is Berning! The Bromance Between Bernie and Francis Heats Up 
Obama's Visit 
Syria 
Angela Merkel Must Go German Chancellor Angela Merkel should step down. Once Europe's only forthright and decisive leader, she has become a groveling embarrassment and a danger by caving into Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan by letting a possible prosecution of a German comic go ahead in German courts.
EU Is Giving Armenia its Best Chance Yet to Enact a Domestic-Abuse Law Women's-rights groups have been campaigning for a decade for a domestic-violence law in Armenia. So far all their efforts have failed. Depending on the session of parliament, lawmakers have either refused to take up the legislation or voted it down. This year, Armenia may finally see a law that protects women from partner violence.
This Week in World War I During World War I, the Allies engaged Ottoman forces on three principal fronts
Iran Attacks Americans On American Soil -- Cyber War, Cyberwarfare The Justice Department and federal prosecutors have portrayed that individuals linked to the Iranian government have attacked U.S. infrastructure, including a small dam 20 miles north of New York.
The Terrorist Wears Prada PRAGUE -- So we are on a date. On a grassy hilltop behind Prague's historic castle. And this little girl comes frolicking in our direction, sees me, stops dead and starts running back screaming for her parents who are somewhere in the distance. Only she doesn't quite make it back unscathed
Iran Reciprocates US's Favor by Increasing Anti-Americanism and Warmongering in the Middle East From the US government's perspective, the rules of the nation-state systems and existing international norms suggest that if the US does a favor for a country (in this case, the Islamic Republic), Tehran will absolutely reciprocate.
Saudi-India-Pakistan Triangle After years of considering Saudi Arabia as a major ally and economic benefactor, Pakistan may be on the verge of losing its erstwhile patron to archrival India. Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived in Riyadh last week for an official visit full of diplomatic significance.
The Middle East after ISIS This week we begin a two part series on a post-ISIS Middle East. In Part I we look at \The Middle East after ISIS.\ Next week, in Part II, we examine whether a post-ISIS Middle East can be stabilized and what role, if any, the U.S. and its allies can play.
Preventing 'Madmen' From Getting Their Hands on Nuclear Material A weighty question loomed large for world leaders who gathered in Washington this week for the fourth Nuclear Security Summit
The Battle for Mosul and the Future of Islamic State 
Are Western 'Victories' Against the Islamic State Really That Significant? Even if the Islamic state is removed from most towns and cities -- such as Mosul in Iraq and its capital of Raqqa in Syria -- the group likely will then fight strictly as a guerrilla force, requiring years to completely eradicate.
Promise Not Peril The concept of \health as a bridge for peace\ may be resonating in this county, which has seen the scourge of internecine conflicts and cross border attacks.
The Joint Responsibility for the ISIS Scourge 
Weekend Roundup This week we witnessed a world coming together and a world falling apart, a world between engagement and terror. For the first time in nearly 90 years, an American president visited Cuba, turning upside down the anti-Yanqui narrative that has been the raison d'\u00eatre of one of the Western Hemisphere's most longest-lasting dictatorships. In Brussels, it appears that some children of Muslim immigrants expressed their explosive alienation in terror attacks in the very city many of them grew up, which also happens to be the capital of Europe. (continued)
What's Behind the Brain Drain in the Former Soviet Union One of the tragedies of living in a country that is both a dictatorship and a hotbed of corruption is that many people never get a chance to realize their potential, even with top educations and skills.
Obama Is Surrounded By Symbols to Win the Hearts of Cubans The marvel others are expecting from Obama is connectivity, as if in Air Force One, the United States president will have brought the fiber optic cable that will lift the island from the precarious state of its internet access.
President Obama's Trip to Cuba Obama's critics have argued that the trip is coming too early in the normalization process, that not enough has been achieved to justify a presidential visit. But for Obama's purposes, the trip is well timed. By going now, he gives his administration ten months to work on turning the momentum of the presidential visit into concrete agreements.
Hopes of Religious Freedom in Former Soviet Union Fall Short Vladimir Putin's lock on Russia's leadership since 2000 has given the Russian Orthodox Church an even more commanding position in the country's religious picture. Putin has publicly called the church, which he attends, a vital part of Russian life and tradition.
The Strategic Constants Behind the Russian Withdrawal 
Weekend Roundup Russian President Vladimir Putin's surprise announcement this week of a withdrawal of some forces from Syria has put an end to the narrative that Russia was bound to be trapped in a Mideast quagmire. Whether in Ukraine or in Syria, it has become clear that Russia's actions are as much about its role in the world order as about those countries. (continued)
Underestimating the Islamic State The Obama administration is considering a campaign of air strikes to hit IS in Libya. That is a tactical response, not a strategy. So too is the notion that the United States and its allies can kill IS fighters faster than the organization can recruit new ones.
One Alternative for Germany or Many? The Mixed Message of the German State Elections The far right Alternative for Germany (AfD) is the big winner of the elections. But that is the only really clear lesson so far. Why the AfD has won and, more directly related, at whose expense, will remain unclear until more detailed individual-level voter studies become available.
Weekend Roundup When Justin Trudeau's sophisticated and cosmopolitan father Pierre was prime minister in the 1970s and early 1980s, Canada's brand became synonymous with an open, liberal and sane society that got the balance right. During the Cold War and amid the conflicts in the developing world those days, its red and white maple leaf flag was the welcome symbol of an activist, peace-making foreign policy. However small its political clout compared to the colossus to its south, Canada enjoyed an outsized influence globally as the exemplar of the values of a civilized state. (continued)
First They Came for the Women....an Open Letter to Europe's Political Parties 
Cuban Artist Geandy Pavon Finds Another Cuba Outside Cuba 
The Role of Iranian Moderates in the Crisis with the Gulf 
How Fracking and Dodd-Frank are Reshaping Petro-Politics Around the World A number of authoritarian regimes around the world are heavily dependent on oil revenues and institutional corruption to remain in power.
African Economic Prospects and the Threat Posed by Terrorism 
Quick Thoughts on the Iranian Elections The stunning setback of the hardliners in the elections is precisely why they opposed the Iran nuclear deal. They knew that if successful, the Rouhani faction would benefit electorally from the significant achievement of resolving the nuclear issue and reducing tensions with United States.
Three Presidents Facing North Korea - A Review of U.S. Foreign Policy The North Korean government ensured an interesting start to 2016
Could Barack Obama Give the Guantanamo Naval Base Back to Cuba? What exactly, if anything, is the Obama administration planning in regard to the continuation of the Guantanamo Naval Base in Cuba? We will certainly know by the end of the year.
Moscow to the Arabs 
Counter Threat Finance in the Age of ISIL An effective counter-threat finance strategy includes not only cutting off funding to terrorist organizations, but also understanding the financial architecture, relationships, and expenditures terrorist entities use to achieve their goals.
This Week in World War I, February 13-19, 1916 
The World Government Summit and the Arabs' Heartache 
Weekend Roundup At this stage in the American election season it is far from clear, despite early wins and losses, who the presidential nominees will be. As Julian Baggini writes, what is certain is that America, like much of Europe, is experiencing a mutiny against the status quo. The populist revolt against political and economic elites is spreading across borders everywhere except -- so far -- East Asia, where the prospects of the average person have risen instead of fallen over the past decade. (continued)
The Deadly Waiting Game For Syrian Refugees Syrians are waiting. Everywhere. Waiting for the next airstrike. Waiting to cross another border. Waiting for a smuggler to call back to to say if there is room on the rubber dinghy, or worse, if they will have to sail it. Waiting to be rescued in the middle of the sea. Waiting to die ... of starvation.
The Great Christian Rapprochement, Cuban Style 
What Washington's Apathy Towards the Iran-Russia Alliance in Syria Means for the War Russia is not hiding its goals in its Syrian war, and is not ambiguous about its alliance with Iran, Iranian-backed militias and the regime of Bashar al-Assad. Moscow decided from the outset that the war in Syria is a Russian war on \Islamic terrorism,\ and will not stop until it declares victory.
This Week in World War I, February 6-12, 2016 At the beginning of January 1916, General Sir John Nixon dispatched a relief force under Lieutenant-General Sir Fenton Aylmer to relieve the British force under General Charles Townshend besieged at Kut Al Amara.
Weekend Roundup Many seem to fear the rise of China as a challenge to the West. Not Pope Francis. In a remarkable interview published this week in Asia Times, he takes the long view, transcending contemporary geopolitics and embracing the return of the Middle Kingdom's ancient civilization to the global stage as enriching for us all. (continued)
This Week in World War I, January 30-February 5, 1916 
Humanitarian Crises Communities in crisis lead to vulnerable societies. And vulnerable societies are prone to all kinds of social and economic degradation, including the rise of hopelessness, extremism and instability.
De Mistura Bets on Russia's Need to Withdraw Its Forces From Syria 
Weekend Roundup The tragic outcome of the Arab Spring doesn't get any less bitter with time. The repercussions of that pan-Arab rebellion five years ago are still traumatizing the region and the world. (continued)
Denmark's Harsh New Immigration Law Will End Badly for Everyone COPENHAGEN, Denmark -- During the cartoon crisis of 2006, an association with European xenophobia and Islamophobia had grave consequences for Denmark's international diplomacy and its exposure to international terrorism. Now, its new migrant law threatens to do the same.
Davos Frankly, I wasn't sure if Zarif was being serious or joking when he stressed in front of the WEF audience of global movers and shakers that his country is a firm believer in diplomacy as a means of resolving conflicts. If this is the case, then what on earth is the Iranian Quds Force (or paramilitary terrorist groups affiliated to it) doing in Iraq and Syria?
Haiti Faces More Election Chaos Now, Jude Celestin is once again in the race and has forced the hand of international agents by refusing to participate in what is widely regarded as another fraudulent election process.
Post Sanctions Iran If Iran truly was close to announcing the acquisition of nuclear weapons, then the agreement will defer the development and deployment of such weapons, assuming that Iran does not cheat on the agreement, for at least another decade.
Is Sweden Training Migrants To Be Snipers? 
Weekend Roundup Even before the \Night of Shame\ on New Year's Eve in Cologne further fueled an already fervent anti-foreigner backlash, German leaders were desperately looking to Turkey to stem the flow of refugees headed to Europe from the war-torn Mideast. Now 10 German tourists have lost their lives at the foot of the Blue Mosque and the Hagia Sophia in Istanbul. They are the victims of yet another suicide bombing by the self-proclaimed Islamic State in the wake of Turkey's decision last July to allow U.S. warplanes to fly from its soil to attack militant positions in Syria. Along the old route of the Orient Express, violence and disorder are weaving an interrelated and self-reinforcing pattern of crises that will be hard to unravel. (continued)
Dear War Hawks This prisoner release personifies the persistence and wisdom of the Obama administration's diplomatic efforts. This exchange is a direct result of the nuclear deal. It simply could not have happened without dialogue between the U.S. and Iran.
Saudi Arabia Crumbles at Home, Struggles with Wars Abroad The escalation of tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran is the latest episode in a 35-year old low-intensity conflict between the two regional powers. The competition took off in 1979, when the Shiite Islamic revolution triumphed in Iran.
Philippines' Labor Export Policy in the Middle East Perhaps more than ever, it is important for the Philippine government to revisit its labor export policy, and instead focus on making sure that its own newly-earned robust growth at home is transformed into a more inclusive and egalitarian form of national development.
The Prospects for Mediation Between Saudi Arabia and Iran The Saudi-Iranian confrontation has shaken world capitals, sparking fears of further bloody proxy wars in Syria, Yemen, Iraq and Lebanon, in addition to aborting all UN-led diplomatic efforts seeking solutions to the conflicts in Syria and Yemen. However, concerns this time went beyond proxy wars, to the possible serious implications and dimensions of Iranian meddling in Saudi internal affairs, particularly in the Shiite-dominated Eastern Province of the kingdom close to Bahrain.
As the EU Buys into Circular Economy, Many Worry It May be Impossible Put briefly, a circular economy aims to move from a traditional linear economic system of production and consumption toward a closed-loop (circular) system. A traditional linear system of production sees the extraction of a resource, such as aluminum, to create a valuable good, such as a soda can.
Saudi-Turkish Strategic Cooperation The strategic cooperation council established by Saudi Arabia and Turkey is one step above a bilateral alliance, and its goal goes beyond restoring balance to Sunni forces in Iraq and Syria, and thus requires an in-depth examination of Saudi-Egyptian, Turkish-Russian and Turkish-Egyptian relations.
Saudi Arabia's Declaration of Independence The U.S. words of support notwithstanding, the announcement marked the latest move in Saudi Arabia's increasingly assertive and, from Washington's standpoint, independent foreign policy. It is the latest in a series of Saudi moves that underscore a significant foreign policy shift.
U.S. Slides Back into War in Iraq, Joining Conflict President Once Opposed More U.S. military personnel have been sent to Iraq and Syria. Trainers, Special Forces, and airstrikes haven't been enough. The administration continues its slow progression to renewed ground combat. President Barack Obama's Nobel Peace Prize grows more tarnished by the day.
They Went To School and Never Came Back Classrooms were turned into bloodbaths as these evil creatures stormed from room to room gunning down children at point blank, and torching teachers and students alive in front of one another.
Modi and Sharif Take a Gamble Prime Minister Narendra's Modi surprise visit to Lahore has revived once again the oft-desired hope that India and Pakistan will live as friends not adversaries. For that to happen, however, Pakistan's security establishment will need to stop seeing India as the existential threat.
The Millennium Challenge Corporation Looks to Sri Lanka The Millennium Challenge Corporation's (MCC) Board of Directors recently held its latest quarterly meeting. At that time, the board selected five countries as eligible to receive MCC funding for 2016
Afghanistan 2015 If the United States and NATO forces withdraw from Afghanistan, it is very likely that Russia will return to its traditional role as the Afghan government's principal sponsor. Already, the Kabul government has asked Moscow for additional military aid and Moscow has agreed to sell Afghanistan an unknown number of Mi-35 attack helicopters.
The Power of Paris One cannot understate the importance of the agreement arrived at in Paris. For the first time, world leaders have faced up to the stark warnings that climate scientists have been issuing for years, instead of shrinking away with denial and delay. And while the commitments made in Paris aren't on their own enough to stabilize greenhouse gas concentrations at safe levels, they are enough to begin bending the emissions curve towards a safe climate. Paris is a beginning of a process.
Sri Lanka's Tamil Political Prisoners If Colombo's sincere about implementing more significant reforms, it needs to stop prevaricating and either release, or bring to trial, all Tamil political prisoners.
The Dangers of Relying on Iran in the War Against ISIS No victory can be achieved by allying with the Shia militias and Iran's Revolutionary Guards Corps. No victory can be achieved against Sunni terrorism without Sunni Arabs.
Brazil Should Stand Firm Against U.S.-Led Campaign to Undermine Venezuelan Elections Washington has been trying to get rid of the Venezuelan government for more than 13 years, going back to the failed military coup of 2002. There is something sinister going on here.
Can Aung San Suu Kyi and Military Coexist in Burma? For too long the Burmese people could only look to the future and hope for change. Today they have a chance to enjoy the opportunities that the rest of us take for granted. Hopefully now, after decades of conflict, the future finally has arrived for Burma.
The Day After We need to separate from the Palestinians. Not for them, for us. But that separation needs to be based on strict security measures and take into account the worst case scenarios.
Corruption in Kenya A very interesting narrative is taking shape in Kenya's latest \war\ against corruption. The narrative advances the storyline that
This Week in World War I, November 28-December 5, 1915 The Balkan Front was a 900-mile front that stretched from the Isonzo River valley in northeast Italy to the Romanian Black Sea coast. The front consisted of a series of largely separate campaigns.
Dear Mrs. Merkel, Now Is the Time for a Common Vision Dear Mrs. Merkel, Germans are noticing the shift that has just begun. They notice that after this eventful decade, Germany is about to change profoundly. And they need somebody to explain this transition to them.
Mutual Russian-Turkish Suspicions Over the Solution in Syria It is unlikely for the duel between Vladimir Putin and Recep Tayyip Erdogan to precipitate a military confrontation between Russia and Turkey or NATO of which Turkey is member.
Breeding Intolerance Turkish fans twice in two months disrupted moments of silence for victims of Islamic State attacks in Ankara and Paris in a demonstration of the kind of intolerance bred by religiously-cloaked authoritarianism in countries like Turkey and Saudi Arabia.
As Islamist Terrorism Increases, Some Respond...By Assailing Israel For the Swedish foreign minister and, it appears, too many EU nations, the path of least political resistance is to focus obsessively on Israel, irrespective of what else might be going on in the world.
How the Taliban Gets Its Cash Afghan government sources estimate that the Afghan heroin trade generates approximately two billion dollars in turnover within Afghanistan.
Weekend Roundup Pent-up democratic aspirations were unleashed this week in Myanmar's first free election in decades, resulting in a landslide victory for Aung San Suu Kyi and her opposition party. But as Mark Famaner and Hanna Hindstrom point out, it is \democracy on a leash\ as the long-standing military rulers retain a constraining foothold through the current constitutional arrangement. It remains to be seen if Suu Kyi's elected government will be \above\ those constraints, as she has boldly asserted. Writing from Yangon, Ma Thida lays out the many issues in the political transition ahead.\n\nHarrison Akins reminds us that the \shadow\ over Myanmar's democratic turn is the continuing persecution and discrimination against the Muslim Rohingya minority. \n\nIf it stabilizes, Myanmar could have a bright future. It sits between the two fastest growing economies in the world, India and China, the second of which is revitalizing the ancient Silk Road trading route that George Yeo, Singapore's former foreign minister, sees as making Eurasia the driver of the future global economy. (continued)
Things That Can and Cannot Be Said One morning as I scanned the news--horror in the Middle East, Russia and America facing off in the Ukraine, I thought of Edward Snowden and wondered how he was holding up in Moscow. I began to imagine a conversation with him and a few others.
Modi Juggernaut Hits Bihar Roadblock! The 2014 parliamentary elections in India that brought the Narendra Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) back to power, after ten years in the wilderness, reflected the desire of a young Indian electorate that wanted robust foreign policy (and economic reform).
Weekend Roundup BEIJING -- The title of Barack Obama's pre-presidential biography is \The Audacity of Hope.\ Chinese President Xi Jinping has written his own document released this week -- The Communist Party's 13th five-year plan -- that might be titled \The Audacity of the Chinese Dream.\\n\nThis blueprint for China's future signals the most momentous shift in direction since the death of Mao and Deng Xiaoping's reform and opening up in 1978. Not a leader to rest on the laurels of his country's remarkable success so far in rising to the top ranks of the global economy, Xi wants to leap over the \middle-income trap\ in which development becomes stuck in a low-wage manufacturing export economy. To do that, he needs to avoid, in his own words, the \Thucydides trap\ of conflict between China as a rising power and the U.S. as the established power so instability does not disrupt growth prospects. (continued)
The Philippines and America As far as the Philippines is concerned, it hardly ever had real mainstream political parties that could boast large-scale membership, ideological coherence, specific policy commitments and grass roots support. Practically all presidential candidates in the Southeast Asian country can be classified as centrists, with no significant ideological differentiation.
Iran's Corruption and Human Rights Overlooked The government claims to be working to improve Iran's human rights records, but many have observed that Rowhani's promises have not even begun to be fulfilled.
Longtime Refugees Grateful for Citizenship in Tanzania Freedom. Happiness. Gratitude. These are words that people here use over and over to describe how they feel about becoming Tanzanian citizens after more than 40 years as refugees from Burundi.
Substance and Symbolism in Obama's Foreign Policy There is a fundamental disconnect between the substance and the symbolism of President Obama's foreign policy. This is not a case of saying one thing and doing another. In the case of the Obama administration it is a case of saying one thing but delivering it in a style and with imagery that belies its authenticity.
In Berlin, Tango Community Embraces Refugees The local Tango community has organized to provide emergency shelters for those in need. This is a particularly colorful example of how residents of the German capital have taken it upon themselves to welcome the tens of thousands arriving into the city.
This Week in World War I, October 17-23, 1915 The Battle of Loos was the largest, most extensive British engagement on the Western Front in 1915. It was the first time that units of \Kitchener's New Army,\ were deployed in battle.
Palestinian Nights of the Long Knives In all the years of Israel's existence with Palestinians nothing has prepared Israelis for this latest outburst of lone \kid wolf\ Palestinian terror. Decades of shootings, missile strikes, bombings, kidnappings, and stonings, give way to the latest Palestinian weapon of terror, the kitchen knife.
Sheikh Mohammad's 'Marshal Plan' May Be the Region's Last Chance Once the combined targets are met, the four pillars which comprise Sheikh Mohammad's plan can form a long-term regional remedy and a road-map to pan-Arab prosperity, and not just serve as a pacifier to help overcome current woes.
Attacks Against Israelis 
A New Cold War or Russia's Quagmire? Much to the chagrin of NATO, Gulf countries and others, Russia this week ramped up its military campaign in Syria, in what has become a war with global implications.\n\nSome say it is now a proxy war between former Cold War foes because Russian airstrikes have reportedly hit some U.S.-backed rebels. But U.S. President Barack Obama ruled out a proxy war and is reportedly scaling back his arming of rebels, possibly in an effort to \deconflict\ with Russia.\n\nHas Russian President Vladimir Putin succeeded in his oft-stated goal of reasserting Russia as a great global power by filling a geopolitical vacuum in Syria? It may appear so in the short term, but Syria could end up being his quagmire as Afghanistan was for the Soviet Union. (continued)
Enduring China-Japan Hatreds Risk Renewed Conflict Involving U.S. While the U.S. and Japan have no aggressive designs on China, Beijing understandably looks uneasily at the alliance of its old enemy with the globe's dominant power. Thus, China is developing a military capable of confronting American as well as Japanese military action, no easy task.
Putin the Terrible Putin may be a child of the KGB but he is also a son of mother Russia and he has an uncanny knack for knowing what characteristics Russians want to see in their leaders.
Will There Be Accountability for Kunduz? An airstrike on a Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan has left at least 19 people dead. Once we discover exactly what happened, will there be genuine accountability for Kunduz?
Fighting the Information War Information warfare requires an infrastructure of broadcasting, social media, and other communication assets that can direct messages to the same audiences the Russians target, but do so more effectively.
Philippines' Forgotten Revolution The brutal assassination of Luna by his fellow revolutionaries, who saw arrogance more than merit, serves as a cautionary tale, a reminder of how the Philippines' greatest enemy was (and is) internal divisions and narrow loyalties, which have stunted its nation-building quest to this date.
Divergent Views on the Middle East at the UN General Assembly The 70th anniversary of the UN will not end with a resolution of the crises of the Middle East. Attitudes are diverging between local, regional, and international players, and hopes for breakthroughs in Gulf-Iranian or US-Russian meetings - and European initiatives - are fading.
Does Japan Need to Be Involved in the Middle East? Despite having not taken part in the Syrian crisis, Japan is today being questioned for not taking in any refugees from the war-torn nation.
Cardboard Box Tourism on the Greek Islands - The Plight of the Syrian Refugees When you land on the Greek islands, the last thing you expect is to be surrounded by thousands of people living in cardboard boxes and tents. However, that's just what I saw when I landed in Lesvos, Greece - a small island of 85,000 that has almost 20,000 refugees, now living on the streets, \stuck\ on its island.
Weekend Roundup \Forty years of crisscrossing the planet has led me to suspect that the world isn't growing smaller,\ the inveterate traveler and literary journalist Pico Iyer laments. \If anything, the differences, the distances between us, are growing greater than they've ever been. In the Age of Information, many of us know less about other perspectives and other cultures than ever before.\\n\nThis week, the Berggruen Institute announced the launch of a philosophy and culture center that responds to this rift by connecting minds across borders through an exchange of scholars from East and West that will be hosted at prestigious universities from Cambridge and Harvard to Stanford and Tsinghua in Beijing. In order to promote foundational concepts for the future, the center will co-sponsor an ideas contest with the Aspen Institute as well as establish an annual $1 million Nobel-like prize for philosophy. (continued)
Philippines' Presidential Race None of the leading candidates seem to encapsulate the aspirations of the Philippines' upwardly mobile citizens, who are desperate to revive the Southeast Asian nation's fortunes.
Now Is the Time for Blame The sobering truth of the matter is that Canada's refugee policy is not generous at all, neither compared to other countries today, nor compared to that most famous refugee destination historically, the Canada of the 60s, 70s, 80s, and 90s.
Open Letter to the Immigrant 
Living With the Migrants The reactions that go something like \you don't solve the immigration problem that way\ are variations on a refusal to do a little because there's so much more that needs be done. Sometimes they're in bad faith, sometimes not
How the Crowd Can Help Make Entrepreneurs Out of South Africa's Unemployed Youth 
Magnetic Migration 
The Youthful Protest Movement in Lebanon Gets International Attention The youthful civil movement's call for international intervention is aimed at putting international pressure on regional countries influential in Lebanon to reach accords on many levels, starting with the waste and electricity issues, and not ending with the presidential election.
The ISIS Wars It's impossible to know how these \proto-Islamic polities\ will evolve. Unlike the American experience with immigration, however, it is unlikely that they will become socialized into a larger \melting pot\ of a national culture.
The Middle East A series of recent mass protests in several Arab countries have called into question suggestions that civil wars, brutal crackdowns and military coups and interventions have quelled popular willingness to stand up for rights in the Middle East.
Weekend Roundup The undertow of China's slackening economy and the mounting tide of refugees pushing through border after border in Europe put the world on edge this week. After spiraling down, volatile stock markets rallied back, for now. . .\n\nWriting from Beijing, Fred Hu argues that what we are witnessing is China's shift toward the \new normal\ of a slower growth paradigm focused on domestic consumption instead of investment and export-led growth. He expresses confidence that his country will weather the storm, writing, \it is a loser's game to bet against China's leaders.\ Nobel laureate Michael Spence locates the culprit of market volatility in the flood of funds unleashed by low interest rates looking for higher returns, which has led to the gap between a financial bubble and the real economy now undergoing a correction. (continued)
Report from Turkey The picture in the Middle East these days is not good. The hybrid terrorist-army known as ISIS has conquered an area in Syria and Iraq that is larger than Britain and have taken the eight million people suffering in their proto-state/\Caliphate\ back to the Middle Ages.
Turkey and the Kurdish Corridor The history of Tal Abyad is a metaphor of the Syrian civil war and of the ambivalence in the larger motives of the various actors engaged in the ongoing struggle to expel Islamic State (IS) jihadists from the region.
Global Perceptions of China as a SuperPower Today at the Festival of Politics in the Scottish Parliament we'll be discussing alternative perspectives on the rise of China as a global superpower.
On Iran, Let's Get Serious The Iran deal is perhaps the most consequential foreign policy issue in a generation. Yet the debate over it has too often fallen short of what's needed.
Poland on the Economic Periphery Small countries often have no choice but to align themselves with larger economic entities, as for instance the Baltic countries have done inside the European Union. But Poland is not a small country. It is the sixth largest EU country by population, and the largest country in East-Central Europe (twice the size of its nearest competitor, Romania).
70 Years After the War Who exactly was Captain Zacharias, beyond being fluent in Japanese and giving himself the title of official spokesman of the U.S. Government? I went to the state of Pennsylvania to visit his son and find some answers.
How Ukraine's Central Bank Wrecked the Country's Nascent Economic Recovery in 2011 and Why It Should Not Do It Again. In the aftermath of the global financial crisis, central banks around the world have become the largest, most powerful, and exceedingly profitable financial institutions. And they can't wait to get out of this predicament.
Julia Child's Birthday Julia Child, who would have celebrated her 100th birthday on August 15, 2012, was a pioneer in bringing French cuisine to Americans at a time when most people were content with white bread and TV dinners.
The Gulf States and Iran's Diplomacy of 'Openness' There have been interesting developments this week in U.S.-Russian relations with the Gulf states, Egypt, and Turkey -- and also interesting developments in the political discourse of both Iran and the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC).
This Week in World War I, August 9-15, 1915 The August Offensive in Gallipoli during the summer of 1915, also known as the Battle of Sari Bair, was the last attempt by the British to break the stalemate in Gallipoli and seize control of the peninsula in preparation for a final push to Constantinople.
Doing Business With Post-Sanctions Iran When it comes to Iran's economic landscape after the nuclear deal, major questions to address are
Deadly Attacks On Afghan, U.S. Forces Dim Hopes Of Taliban Detente 
It Is Time for Sisi to Set Al Jazeera Journalist Mohamed Fahmy Free President Sisi should know that the world will be watching the court's verdict on Aug. 29, and his government's response to it. Media freedom in the region is at stake. And, as the Council of Europe has put it, \it will be the commitment shown to free speech which determines whether or not Egypt grows -- or shrinks [--] in the eyes of the world.\
Greece -- Give It a Chance Hardly was the ink dry after the agreement July 17 between Greece and its creditors before columnists, commentators, economists and politicians jumped to far reaching conclusions
70 Years After Hiroshima and Nagasaki Seventy years after the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, the world can not remain in this legal no man's land, between threat of mass destruction and balance of terror. Accepting the status quo means admitting the scenario of a backward and, thereby, that an atomic bombing could again occur.
Aquino's Dilemma and the Philippines' Fate The Philippines' politics has become more dynamic, less predictable, and therefore more interesting as we get closer to the fateful 2016 elections.
Memories of Sand and Sea On Tisha B'Av, Sunday, June 26, the former residents of Gush Katif are remembering -- in addition to the destruction of the Jewish Temples in Jerusalem -- the homes they were forced to leave behind 10 years ago in the southwestern edge of the Gaza Strip.
Weekend Roundup In 1867, then Prime Minister of Prussia Otto von Bismarck (who, with parallels today, maintained German hegemony over Europe) famously said that politics is the art of the possible. If you don't have to deal with a political opponent, you can dream up the perfect policy. But when you have an opponent, you have to set aside the dream and consider the political possibilities. This week, from Iran to Greece to Cuba, the world both celebrated and protested the politically possible. (continued)
The Islamic State's Next Target To date attacks against tourists have occurred along the North African side of the Mediterranean. The fear is that such attacks may spillover to the European side of the Mediterranean as well. Tunisia's response notwithstanding, most Mediterranean tourist venues have minimal security.
5 Things To Know About Drug Lord 'El Chapo' Guzman's Jail Break 
On The 'Greek Question' The weakening of a country in this specific area and under these specific circumstances would constitute not just a failure but a choice with grave strategic consequences.
Albania 1990 -- Embassy Storm Ervis Gega was 16 years old in summer 1990 when hundreds of frustrated Albanians, craving to rejoin the world, began storming foreign embassies in their capital. Gega and her relatives watched the news on Italian television from their hometown and quickly made up their minds.
Eurozone Leaders Meet, As Greece's Debt Crisis Talks Continue 
The Iran Deal and the Prague Agenda President Obama is pursuing a deal out of principle. It is that ambition that has driven the President's formulation and consistent pursuit of each of the four elements of the Prague Agenda. Of course, as the President himself has repeatedly emphasized, the deal must be a good one.
Malala Opens A School For Syrian Refugee Girls 
Live Updates On Greece's Debt Crisis 
Fighting Rages In Yemen As All Sides Ignore UN Truce 
There Is No Quick Fix for Greece Let's face it, no private investor in his right mind -- even one loaded with money -- would lend any to Greece.  Not only is Greece in economic and financial shambles, but also Greece just proved it by defaulting on loans.
ISIS Claims Deadly Car Bomb Blast At Italian Consulate In Cairo 
Deal or No Deal If, and only if, the U.S. can pivot from a completed deal to a broader regional peace will it be possible to judge the outcome a success. Otherwise it's \off to the races\, since a deal without a determined follow-up program may be just a bad as (and maybe worse than) no deal at all.
Understanding the Greece Crisis, in Family Terms Our family dynamics can give insight into the dilemmas the various constituents face within the European situation as pertaining to Greece.
The Gulf and the New Iran Which Iran will be born in the wake of the prospective nuclear deal that might be concluded -- unless it fails at the 11th hour?
Burundi Presidential Election Delayed As Violence Spirals 
On The Street In Athens If you would have expected that, after Sunday's clear vote in favor of the \NO,\ the two rallies should actually become one, you probably don't know us that well.
Putin Hosts Shanghai Cooperation Organization Summit 
China's Toilet Bowl Dragons The Chinese dragon is a creature associated with water. Unlike its Western fire-breathing cousin, it is a benevolent creature whose flight through the clouds brings life-giving water to farmers each spring.
Where Anti-Haitianism In The Dominican Republic Comes From 
Dominican Children Denied The Human Right to Nationality And Access to Education Countless young men and women of Haitian descent in the Dominican Republic have been the driving force behind the domestic and international outrage at the denationalization policies of their country.
Film Review There's a new film out on Dean Kamen's latest and greatest invention, \Slingshot.\ That's the name of both the fascinating documentary by Paul Lazarus and Kamen's latest, life-altering brainstorm.
While Saudi Arabia Goes to War Abroad, It's Simmering at Home Saudi Arabia is a classic rentier state. In exchange for the absolute acquiescence of its 29 million subjects, the ruling al-Saud family provides services such as housing, health care, education, and a variety of subsidies -- all funded by the country's substantial oil wealth.
Sailing -- Again -- to Break the Israeli Naval Blockade of Gaza To those in Gaza, the ships to Gaza whether in flotillas or one ship at a time, are a visible sign of the concern of citizens around the world for their welfare.
Ukraine is no Greece or Puerto Rico and needs IMF help now Greece is a deadbeat nation, Puerto Rico is a party that lives beyond its means, but last year war-torn Ukraine made more interest payments to its lenders than it spent trying to defend itself against Russia.
After the 'No' Vote, Can Greece Remain in the Euro? The reason that we cling to Europe, the EU and the Euro despite all our suffering and however much we attribute to their poor handling of our present predicament, is that with all the disillusionment we have in the capacity of our own governments and our institutions, imperfect Europe remains our beacon of hope.
Greece Votes In Crucial Referendum On Debt Crisis Bailout 
Misreading Public Opinion on P5+1 Nuclear Negotiations With Iran As the world powers negotiate with Iran, they should constantly remind themselves that the Iranian government has not come to the negotiating table to discuss the terms of its surrender. Likewise, Iranian negotiators must realize that Iran's nuclear program is seen at a threat by major powers.
Heavy Fighting Between ISIS And Iraqi Fighters Near Falluja 
Greece Divided by Dilemma Once More The referendum, before being conducted, unfortunately released the darkest aspects and features of Greek political socialization. It reinstated divisive reasoning in the public sphere, divided society into two camps with no diffusion and without any room for common ground.
The Greece That Can Say No As in 1940, despite the hard road mandated by their decision, the Greek people have placed national honor and dignity on a higher plane than the only other alternative on offer
Greek 'No' Vote Finds Chilly Reception In Europe 
FIFA's Blatter Unwittingly Pinpoints Soccer Governance's Prime Issues Embattled FIFA president Sepp Blatter unwittingly put his finger on two fundamental issues that underlie a corruption scandal that has rocked world soccer governance, the worst crisis in the sport's history.
Top Diplomats Try To Resolve Sticking Points In Iran Nuclear Talks 
PHOTOS 
Why Greece Should Vote 'YES' Greek voters should not give up on their demand for less austerity. But they should also condemn the failed strategies of this government, safeguard their position in Europe, and invest in the future.
No-No or No-Yes? The outcome of this Greek drama is not up to the Greeks anymore. It now depends on how European leaders will react. Whether they will view the referendum result as an opportunity for a big deal or a chance to rid themselves of the Greek issue, putting all the blame on the Greeks, remains to be seen.
Live Updates 
Greece Resoundingly Rejects Austerity In Referendum On Bailout Deal 
Putin Wishes Obama Happy July Fourth 
Egyptian Soccer Player Criticizes Sisi in Reflection of Mounting Discontent Criticism this week by soccer player Ahmed al-Merghani of general-turned-president Abdel Fattah Al Sisi's hard-handed repression of dissent and failure to defeat a mushrooming insurgency in the Sinai peninsula signals mounting discontent in Egypt.
Families Of Missing British Schoolgirls Confirm They Are Now Jihadi Brides 
Greece's Referendum Question Is Confusing Everyone 
Fidel Castro Visits Cheese-Makers In Rare Public Appearance 
Baby Rescued After Floating Out To Sea 
Millennials Overwhelmingly Favor 'No' Vote in Greek Referendum With the clock ticking until Greece's critical Sunday referendum, 28-year-old Barbara Georganta found herself in Syntagma Square on Friday afternoon, shouting at a man telling passers-by to vote in favor of creditors' demands.
Meet The Greeks On Both Sides Of Sunday's Referendum 
The Final Mistake of a Bad Negotiation The decision to hold a referendum on the creditors' proposal is the final act in a drama that started five months ago, when the new Greek government initiated a new round of negotiations with the country's creditors.
Greek Minister 
ISIS Releases Video Claiming To Show Mass Execution In Ancient Palmyra 
The U.S. and China Should Not Risk War Over a \Damn Fool Thing\ in the South China Sea Some territorial claims are easy. Often, however, history disdains simplicity. In this case, there is a complex mix of control, historical practice, international law and treaty. In the view of most observers, Beijing's claims are extravagant. Yet, they are not unprecedented.
Calais Migrants Storm Channel Tunnel In Desperate Bid To Reach Britain 
Bolivia's Witches Demand Respect, Seek Common Ground With The Pope 
What the Referendum Means for Greece Plans based on common sense of purpose and partnership in problem solving are the basis for delivering the much needed change. There are many areas which should be subject to deep structural reform. The willingness has to be there from both sides.
Weekend Roundup Ancient Greece was not only the birthplace of democracy, but also a deathbed of reason when a jury of 500 citizens condemned Socrates to die by hemlock poisoning for his impious attitude toward the order of the day. Defiant to the end, the philosopher voluntarily drank the poison himself in a suicidal display of dignity.\n\nThis weekend, Greek voters will decide in a referendum whether they will be force-fed more painful austerity, imposed by the jury of other European democracies, or, like Socrates, administer their own poison in a \no\ vote that will likely push Greece out of the eurozone. Tragedy, too, such as we are witnessing today, had its origins in early Greek drama.\n\nNobel Laureate Joe Stiglitz and Martin Guzman argue that Greece will be better off administering the poison by its own hand. As they point out by examining the Argentine default in 2001, there is \life after debt and default.\ Manolis Glezos, the elderly firebrand of Syriza, writes from Athens that, in a democracy, \the people are the measure\ of their fate. (continued)
Pitfalls of Turkish-Chinese Relations in a Microcosm Turkish soccer player Alpaslan Ozturk's decision to risk fame and wealth by expressing support for the embattled Turkic Uighur minority in Xinjiang reflects pressures in China's ties to Turkey, its most complex relationship in the Muslim world and a key node on the Silk Road that Beijing hopes to revive.
UN Human Rights Council? UN Human Wrongs Council! The 47-member UN Human Rights Council in Geneva just voted to assail Israel because of the Hamas-triggered war in the summer of 2014. That's right, assail Israel, not Hamas.
The Tragedy Of Greece's Referendum That whatever has happened (in the name of decency and self-determination, supposedly) during the past few days, the end of negotiations, the closing of the banks, the sudden fall in our economy, place us defenseless in the hands of our creditors.
Beyond Symbolism, Restoring Ties With Cuba Has Practical Benefits The reopening of embassies in Washington and Havana is symbolic of the change in U.S. policy that President Obama announced on December 17 of last year -- replacing the policy hostility and subversion dating back to the break in diplomatic relations 54 years ago with a new a policy of engagement and cooperation.
Boko Haram Steps Up Attacks In Nigeria After Week Of Bloodletting 
Bernie Sanders Will End the IMF's Economic Violence in Greece and Africa Many people want to know more about Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders' foreign policy agenda. Yes, they say, we like what Sanders is saying about reducing extreme inequality, about reducing the political power of the billionaire class. But what about U.S. foreign policy?
The Need for Arab Initiatives to Resolve Regional Crises Currently, there are two key opportunities led by the United Nations worth supporting because there are no alternatives, both in Libya and Yemen. The situation in these two countries, as well as in Syria, is heart wrenching, which requires urgent actions.
A Careful Look at Greece's Options and Why Yes Is the Only One Understanding the consequences of leaving the Euro has to be analyzed in two separate parts
An Open Letter to Alexis Tsipras Let us remind ourselves that we are not David and the Eurogroup is not Goliath. We are both in this together and in order to face the insurmountable challenges ahead -- we ought to work together with our creditors with respect, humility and camaraderie.
Why Greeks Might Accept More Austerity in Sunday's Vote BRUSSELS  -- The feeling of belonging to Europe might make the difference. It might lead a majority of Greeks to accept another austerity program, and prevent Greece from repeating Argentina's tragedy.
POTUS Barack Obama Set to Visit Kenya - His Father's Homeland Another incontrovertible fact is that American President Barack Obama has Luo blood flowing in his veins. This fact is as much a thorn on the sides of those who hold onto tribal allegiance as it is a source of pride for those who've felt shut out of the spoils of Kenya's independence i.e. \matunda ya uhuru.\
Dear Progressive Philippines If all people of Filipino descent were honest with ourselves, it would be safe to say that we live for contradictions. While Filipinos enjoy their hard fought independence, we also willingly submit to oppressive powers.
Why Khamenei's Red Lines Aren't Only About the Nuke Talks The June 30 deadline for the nuclear negotiations between Iran and the P5+1 group -- the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council plus Germany -- to reach a comprehensive agreement has once again been extended. Both the supporters and opponents of the agreement in Iran and the United States have intensified their efforts. But a speech on June 23 by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has attracted wide international attention.
Looking to Sri Lanka's Parliamentary Election Sri Lankan President Maithripala Sirisena recently dissolved parliament. The election will be held on August 17; a new parliament will gather on September 1. Yet what happens next is still far from clear.
For Clean Air and a Safe Climate Future In the end we see that climate change is our largest global environmental threat for the present and future. And air quality poses an unacceptable global health risk.
Hospital in Israel Treats Wounded Syrians In the Golan Heights, an Isreali hospital 30 kilometers from the Syrian border treats wounded Syrians from the bloody civil war happening there. Some of them children.
Tunisia's \Will of Life\ Early twentieth century Tunisian poet Abu al-Qasem al-Shabbi's magnum opus poem \the Will of Life\ is a passionate call to his countrymen to embrace life in their fight against French colonialism and oppression.
How the Computational Capacity of Economies Explains Income Economies are computers, and the capacity of an economy to generate income is a side effect of that economy's computational capacity. This helps explain international differences in income, as it implies that economies that embody vast computational capacities, such as the economies of South Korea, Taiwan or Silicon Valley, should be richer than those that struggle to compute, like the economies of many Latin American and Sub-Saharan countries.
The Flotilla Question Many questions concerning the Israeli-Palestinian conflict are being asked in Israel these days. One of the most popular of the questions is related to a decision made by me, an elected Arab member of the Israeli Knesset, to participate in a \controversial\ flotilla to Gaza.
EU Tells Greeks 'Door Still Open' To Deal, Makes Offer Public 
Are We Living Islam's Darkest Hour? How much terrorism can the world take in 24 hours? June 26, 2015 will certainly go down in history as a day that pushed the limit. Perhaps one positive thought remains. It is said that the night is darkest just before the dawn -- I don't think our night can get any darker.
P5+1 and Iran Have Settled Framework for Sanctions Relief Timing, Says Iranian Sources Iranian officials have on numerous occasions insisted that sanctions relief must come immediately upon the signing of an agreement. This has been at direct odds with the position of the U.S. government and its allies, who insist that relief only can come after Iran has taken numerous steps limiting its nuclear activities.
Iran, World Powers To Keep Nuclear Talks Going Beyond Deadline 
French Attack Suspect Admits To Killing His Boss, Source Says 
Taiwan Probes Water Park Fire As Tally Of Injured Skyrockets 
Greece To Close Banks And Stock Exchange On Monday 
Cops Clear Istanbul Gay Pride With Water Cannons 
This Week in World War I, June 27-July 3, 1915 Ace fighter pilots were portrayed in the popular press as the 20th century equivalent of medieval knights. Their exploits may also be the origins of the concept of the \super hero\. That term, which first became prominent in 1917, would go on to spawn a broad category of popular literature.
#FreedomFlotilla III Exposes Anti-Democratic Extremism of the Israeli 'Center' The #FreedomFlotilla III sailing to challenge the Gaza blockade is providing an excellent opportunity to expose the true face of anti-democratic, pro-occupation political actors in international media.
Will P5+1 and Iran Clinch a Deal? After years of negotiations, the Islamic Republic and the six world powers, known as the P5+1; China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom, and the United States, plus Germany, are only a few days away from the June 30 deadline to seal a final nuclear deal.
Greece Will Close Banks Amid Fear Of Financial Collapse 
12 Devastating Consequences if Greece Returns to the Drachma It's clear that we should not base our hopes on futile and dangerous solutions, such as returning to the drachma. Let us draw up a long-term plan for the next day, that will turn Greece into a modern, well-governed European country with a strong economy and liberated from the chronic pathologies that pester it.
10 Instagrams To Celebrate Crown Prince Hussein's Birthday 
6 Facts You Didn't Know About Trade And How They Affect You Trade is not always the solution to poverty or fragile economies but it can help boost local economies, increase employment and bring people together. Like ships that get loaded and unloaded, we can look at Geneva as a global trade hub that discharges old trade policies
Over A Third Of Greek ATMs Run Out Of Cash 
Tourists Describe Scenes Of Horror In Tunisian Beach Massacre 
Victims of Illusions The Greek government has squandered all its goodwill within half a year through a combination of arrogance, belligerence, naivety and utter incompetence. It set out to restore the \dignity\ of the Greek people by \liberating\ them from the alleged stranglehold of the Troika, while in the process \transforming\ Europe into a more equal and just continent. It has achieved neither.
Rift With Greece Sets Europe Into Uncharted Territory 
Why A Bailout Deal That Keeps Greece In Europe May Endanger Greek Democracy 
French Police Question Beheading Suspect With Islamist Ties 
U.S. Should Talk to North Korea's Kim Jong-un Recent events suggest that something unusual is going on in that normally abnormal place. Proposing talks and suggesting rewards would be the best response to an uncertain situation. Someday Pyongyang will change. Engagement is the best way to prepare for that day.
Why Both Erdoganism and Kemalism May Finally Be Dead in Turkey Turkey is headed in a dangerous direction, toward a corrupt, authoritarian state. The country needs an Arab Spring of sorts, but within the democratic process. An electoral revolution, not a street putsch. The use of the rule of law to end an illiberal government. The ballot box must make political power accountable.
Behind Khamenei's Recent Red Lines for a Nuclear Deal A resolution to the nuclear crisis may lead to normalization of relations between Iran and the U.S. It is true that Iran seeks better relations with America to reduce threats to its survival, but the leadership harbors strong reservations about normal relations.
What Iranians Really Think About The Nuclear Negotiations 
These Are The World's 5 Most Wanted ISIS Jihadists 
The World Reacts to U.S. Supreme Court Legalization of Gay Marriage While supporters celebrated Friday's U.S. Supreme Court decision that deemed marriage between people of the same sex to be constitutionally protected nationwide, many outside the U.S. or with a global view cautioned that the struggle for LGBT rights did not end with the right to marry, or within America's borders.
Weekend Roundup A flood of desperate refugees from across the Mediterranean and the related surge of indignant fringe parties, including now from iconic, self-satisfied Denmark, are battering the discredited political establishment in Europe.\n\nWriting from London, Mark Leonard argues that the contest in Europe today is not between right and left; it is a revolt of the left behind masses against the \cosmopolitan\ and \metrosexual\ elites. Martin Schulz, the president of the European Parliament, says in an interview that what Europe needs is \pragmatic solutions, not big debates\ when resolving the Greek financial crisis. (continued)
Greek PM Calls Referendum On Bailout Deal 
The EU, the Grexit, and Market Failure An orderly unwinding of Greece's and Europe's debt is possible. If it could be done in the U.S., when a third of all savings and loans associations failed in the 1980s and 1990s, something similar can be done in Europe.
The Revolution Will Be Televised, And These Syrians Are Making It Happen 
Congo Live Today's generation are tapping into Congo's heritage and culture as a source of inspiration for transforming our country via every conceivable channel.
Wave Of Terror Rocks Tunisia, France And Kuwait 
Rebuilding U.S. policy post-Obama 
A War That Should Never Have Been Necessary, the Division of an Ancient People Against Their Will America, having been responsible for approving the cruel Japanese occupation of Korea for forty years, and casually allowing the division of the country in 1945, should lead the way in working towards reconciliation no matter how daunting the task.
Biggest Obstacle To Kurdish Victory Over ISIS Might Not Be ISIS 
Good Governance Corruption last year cost the world more than one trillion dollars. That is a trillion dollars we can't use to get better healthcare, education, food and environment.
These Young Greeks Want to Change Their Country 
Democracy Is at Stake We cannot fall into the trap of suppressing artistic expression and preventing messages we do not like.
Between Default and Reform The obvious alternative to the catastrophe that the government is contemplating is to implement real structural reforms. This would first require a deal with the creditors to keep Greece afloat.
First City In Canada Now Regulating Medical Marijuana 
Integrating Roma Into Europe's Future A large majority of the estimated 10-12 million Roma living in Europe, six million of them in the EU and the majority in Bulgaria, Czech Republic, and Romania, continue to face social-economic prejudice, exclusion from mainstream education and healthcare, intolerance, xenophobia and stigmatization.
U.S.-Saudi Relations Face Difficult Questions Despite Washington's efforts to persuade its Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) allies that a comprehensive nuclear agreement with Iran would serve their long-term interests, most Gulf Arab monarchs remain far from sold.
On the Danger of Peace Work The American students' decision to withdraw from the dialogue did not cause them to re-examine their activism, or pause their political activities on campus to reflect on what they had learned.
Why Anti-Establishment Parties Are So Appealing to Dispossessed European Voters LONDON -- Across Europe, voters are increasingly discontent with political movements that were once part of civic life but have now become appendages of the state -- a governing class that seeks office rather than a chance to represent ideas or groups in society.
In the Middle East, Islamists Are not the Enemies of Democracy The majority of Muslims see no real contradiction between Islam and democracy. Today, the most profound struggles in the Middle East are between democratic visions, whether secularist or religious, and authoritarianism, whether secularist or religious.
Seven Myths About Democracy in Morocco Judging by media stories and think tank reports, many foreign commentators seem unable--or unwilling--to see beyond the reformist image that the Moroccan leadership seeks to project abroad.
Wife Of Israeli Interior Minister Apologizes For Obama Tweet 
Dubai Is the Florence of the 21st Century Perhaps the most significant similarity between the Florence of yesterday and present-day Dubai is their surroundings. Just like Florence was home to the Renaissance when darkness dominated Europe, Dubai is a beacon of hope and enlightenment when we look at what is happening in neighboring Arab and Muslim countries.
Greece And Creditors Push For Breakthrough In Bailout Talks Before Time Runs Out 
Toxic Moonshine Kills At Least 94 In India 
Hackers Ground 1,400 Passengers At Warsaw Airport 
Overcoming the Fear of Failure Is fear of failure hindering Chinese entrepreneurship? A new initiative by the Chinese government suggests that cultural sensitivity to failure may be preventing some Chinese businessmen from launching their own companies.
Retaking Ramadi The fact is, Kobani and Tikrit notwithstanding, on a worldwide basis, the United States is losing the war against Islamic State. The only thing worse than losing a war is losing it without even realizing it.
This Week in World War I, June 21-27, 1915 Two hundred years ago this month, on June 18, 1815, on the field of Waterloo, in what is now Belgium, a French army under the command of the former Emperor Napoleon Bonaparte was decisively defeated.
China Last week, the collective valuation of China's publicly traded equity exceeded 10 trillion dollars for the first time in its history. Considering that forty odd years ago China's equity markets were moribund, the benchmark is astonishing.
Greek Government Signals New Concessions As Debt Talks Deadline Looms 
Dramatic Video Shows British Paratrooper Saved Mid-Air After Parachute Fails 
'Middle East Peace Process?' High Time for a New Name It's long overdue to get real about the region -- and stop living in the world of illusions. A first step would be to drop the misleading term \Middle East Peace Process.\ That's not simply wordsmithing, but rather changing the way we think about this vital and volatile region.
SNP's Record in Government Means They Can't Be Trusted With Full Fiscal Autonomy One of the hot topics for the SNP these days is whether or not to demand Full Fiscal Autonomy from the UK government. If they do not ask for Full Fiscal Autonomy, if that is not the highest thing on their agenda in this post-referendum environment, then it rather calls into question the whole project of an independent Scotland -- still the SNP's long term goal.
Weekend Roundup As China establishes a new infrastructure investment bank for Asia and builds out the new Silk Road trading route westward to Turkey, the U.S. Congress is balking at trade agreements and retreating from the very global institutions that have been the pillars of the American-led order. The European project is unraveling as Greece is poised on the brink of default and an exit from the euro.\n\nNo doubt President Obama's proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership needs some fixing once on the \fast-track,\ notably concerning the weight it gives to corporate prerogatives. But something more is going on. In Europe, too, there is mounting opposition to the proposed trans-Atlantic trade pact with the U.S., as well as the rise of anti-foreigner and anti-EU parties.\n\nIs the West abandoning globalization and the post-war integration of Europe, a mutiny against what has provided its bounty? (continued)
The Afghan Ethno-Tribal Army The Afghan security forces are no longer bound to limit their night time raids and to not use heavy weapons in fighting the Taliban insurgency.
Photos Capture Harrowing Arrival Of Refugees On Greek Shores 
A Step Back for South Africa on the Rule of Law, Courtesy of Al-Bashir The lack of enforcement of the arrest warrants against Al-Bashir is indeed disappointing but the existence of the domestic court order is a welcome development in the context of the fight against impunity.
Argentina at a Crossroads Eleven months ago, as the Argentine national football team marched towards the World Cup Final, the common refrain held that it was a country of 40 million football coaches. It may also be one of 40 million currency specialists.
Al Qaeda Denies U.S. Strike Killed Algerian Militant Commander 
Why World Refugee Day is a Jewish Holiday World Refugee Day is a Jewish holiday because the Jewish story is the refugee story. But it is not just about us remembering that we were once refugees. It is about us fulfilling the solemn pledge that never again will refugees be turned over to their persecutors.
Here's The Backstory Of Hong Kong's Failed Electoral Reform 
PHOTOS 
China Is Willing To Help Severely Drought-Hit North Korea 
Pope Urges 'Every Person Living on This Planet' to Take Action on Climate Change ROME -- Pope Francis' encyclical letter is a dire warning on the disastrous state of \our common home.\
China's Top Diplomat to U.S. The U.S. and several Southeast Asian nations have been harshly critical of China for expanding several coral reefs through dredging in the South China Sea, and building a runway on one of them, actions that the Americans fear may be used for military operations.
ILO Condemnation of Qatar Likely to Have Ripple Effects The International Labour Organization has dealt a blow to Qatari assertions that the Gulf state complies with global standards for workers in a report that condemned the government for allowing Qatar Airways to \violate international and national agreements and institutionalize discrimination.\
Improving International Aid to Crises Extreme poverty has been halved in a few decades and most people have never been richer, healthier and better educated. But average global improvements are little consolations for a mother in Syria who has lost her children in bombings or people in South Sudan whose village has been burnt to the ground.
From Hunger to Climate Change The challenges the world faces today are sometimes so big and so many that they can scare us into inaction or nudge us into looking only at our immediate surroundings or our immediate needs. We need to resist the temptation to do both.
All Will Benefit from Steps to Cut Excessive Inequality--Lagarde 
Israeli Envoy's Flawed Message Former Israeli ambassador Michael Oren is getting some attention for his claim in a memoir to be published next week that President Obama \abandoned Israel.\ The book is sure to be a hot debating point this summer in the American Jewish community and possibly beyond.
One Of Three British Sisters Thought To Have Joined ISIS Contacts Family 
Greece Has Made Tough Choices. Now It's the IMF's Turn. ATHENS -- The IMF and Greece's other creditors have assumed that massive fiscal contraction has only a temporary effect on economic activity, employment and taxes, and that slashing wages, pensions and public jobs has a magical effect on growth. This has proved false. Indeed, Greece's post-2010 adjustment led to economic disaster -- and the IMF's worst predictive failure ever.
How Turkey's New Government Can Advance Peace in the Region VIENNA -- The success of the mainly Kurdish Peoples' Democratic Party in capturing 13 percent of the vote in the recent election -- a total well above the party's core constituency -- should boost the Kurds' confidence and ease the way ahead in the peace process. But the far-right Nationalist Movement Party performed strongly in the election, capturing 16 percent of the vote, probably owing largely to popular opposition to the opening to the Kurds.
How I Escaped Hasidic Judaism and Went From Living on the Streets to Being a Hollywood Actor For most of my life, I believed that all non-Jews hate us and want to kill us.
When It Comes To Robots, Slow And Clumsy Can Still Be Captivating 
Nicaraguan Campesinos Tell Ortega To Take His Canal And Shove It 
Nepal Calls 
Iran Welcomes Shell, BP, Total and American Oil Companies In an unprecedented move, Iranian leaders have welcomed American oil companies to enter Iran, upon the condition that sanctions are lifted. This move suggests that the Islamic Republic is putting its economic interests ahead of its revolutionary ideological interests.
Quiz Given the abundance of talent in Greece with not many other options to pursue, I truly believe that the startup-scene can generate star players. But we have to stay realistic.
Bored Of Mindfulness? Give Mindlessness A Try 
Greece, Creditors Dig In As Deadline Nears 
Fiery Photos Of Indonesia's Volatile Mount Sinabung Volcano 
REPORT 
Ten Ways Israel Is Treated Differently The old advertisement proclaimed that you don't have to be Jewish to love Levy's Jewish rye bread. Well, surely, you don't have to be a pro-Israel activist to be troubled by the grotesquely unjust treatment of Israel. All it takes is a capacity for moral outrage that things like this are happening today.
Selfish Gulf States Demand Special Privileges, Undermine U.S. Interests Washington's determination to defend much of the globe has made the U.S. an international sucker, especially vulnerable to manipulation by supposed friends.
A Campaign in Saudi Arabia Challenges Young People to Rethink Their Biases A three-minute video, posted by a Saudi government-backed organization to YouTube on June 4, has garnered 150,000 views in 48 hours and sparked a discussion in the kingdom about how to stem sectarian conflict.
Israeli School Unites Muslim, Jewish and Christian Students WIth Cerebral Palsy In the Tel Aviv suburb of Zahala, about 150 students study at the ONN School for Special Education. The school is special in that most of the children who attend, have cerebral palsy and other degenerative diseases. The diverse student population includes Muslim, Christian, and Jewish children.
Zoo Animals Roam Free After Flooding In Tbilisi 
This Week in World War I, June 14-20, 1915 It was the image of swopping, diving, machine-gunning aircraft that summed up the popular perception of air warfare during World War I. For the participants, the reality wasn't quite so adventurous; it was a matter of life and death.
New Witness Account Undermines Mexican Government Narrative Of Missing Students 
News for Peace Advocates When fast track was defeated in the House, AIPAC was defeated in the House. I am frequently asked
Former Ambassador 
Standing Up in the Spirit of America's First Whistleblower Benjamin Franklin! Throughout the week, we discussed the problem of pernicious governmental, corporate and other top-down secrecy involved in globalization that enables large-scale wrongdoing and keeps citizens in the dark about it, making effective solutions and real democracy, and even our collective security, impossible.
America's Military Strategy? Persistent Overreach Ever since 9/11, American presidents and their military advisors have repeatedly committed U.S. troops and prestige to inhospitable regions in terrain that largely neutralizes U.S. advantages in firepower and maneuverability. Despite setback after setback, American presidents and generals persist in trying to control hostile territory.
These Zodiac Signs Are Most Common Among World Leaders 
Deadly Yemen Airstrikes Hit Homes Of Ex-President's Relatives 
Greek PM Tsipras Insists On Debt Relief As Negotiations Resume 
Palestinians Starting to Play on Less Uneven Playing Field By strategically moving into the non-violent field, Palestinians are in a much stronger position to make an impact in their decades-long struggle.
Why the French Army Collapsed at Waterloo Not since the Thirty Years War (1618-1648) had a Continental army battled continuously for so long a time, and soldiers of the early seventeenth century were notorious for flouting the wishes of their officers.
Multiculturalism Saves Turkey When I talked with Turkish photographer Attila Durak back in 2007, he was just finishing up a project documenting the country's many ethnic groups.
'The Year of the Child' Has Become 'the Year of Fear' for Children LONDON -- The cries of a starving or distressed child are a harrowing enough sound. The screams of a child caught up in violent conflict are an altogether different matter.
Spain's King Strips Sister Of Duchess Title 
Sacred Statues Destroyed By The Taliban Return As Ghostly Projections 
The United States Must Take the Initiative to Forge Accords in the Middle East President Barack Obama has an opportunity to change the course of events in the Middle East, if he shows enough determination, boldness, and vision. This way, he could enter history as a bold leader.
Israel Says Attack That Killed 4 Children On Gaza Beach Was Accidental 
How Do Afghans Debate Terrorism? At the level of opinion leaders whose views trickle through the social media, Afghans' debates on terrorism reveal a strong ethnic prejudice. Vocal non-Pashtun opinion leaders view terrorism through an ethnic lens.
Some Right-Wing Europeans Say Islam Hasn't Contributed to Western Culture. Here's Why They're Wrong. The savage beheadings and disgusting treatment of women and minorities confirm in the minds of many that Islam is incompatible with Western civilization. This has become a widely known, and even unthinkingly accepted, proposition. But is it correct?
Erdogan Scores an Own Goal Turkey is a radically different exemplar from Egypt. It says political differences can be mediated. Political ambitions can be tempered by the popular vote, while seeing through major structural changes to society and the economy, the curtailing of the deep state, and the advancement of minority rights. In a region convulsed, and fractured, by conflict, that is a powerful message.
Bahrain Medic Recounts Conditions in Jaw Prison Demastani's September 2011 conviction, when he was tried along with 20 other medics by a military court, triggered international outrage. Although he was temporarily released while his case was appealed, the following year, a civilian court confirmed his guilty verdict and he was rearrested with other medics and put back in jail.
Companies In Happy Cities Invest More For The Long Term 
China's Military Holds Drills Near Taiwan, Philippnes 
It Is Untenable to Seek a Nuclear Agreement With Iran While Also Arming its Opponents There is no logic in seeking a nuclear agreement with Iran while at the same time arming the very nations in the region that oppose the agreement.
Alice Waters The way to solve problems is through food. I believe that the whole world has to be educated. Every decision we make is a very political decision. If we change the way we eat, we will have tremendous effect.
India The world is watching Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's valiant efforts to bring his underdeveloped nation into the 21st century. Without question, India has the potential to be a great power.
Resource Efficiency -- The Underestimated Topic of the G7 Summit The old disparity between Old Economy and Green Economy must be addressed. What will the future look like once we have faced the challenges of dwindling resources?
Can Angela Merkel Offer Hope for Greece? ATHENS -- Moralistic objections to helping Greece abound, denying its people a shot at achieving their own renaissance. Greater austerity is being demanded from an economy that is on its knees, owing to the heftiest dose of austerity any country has ever had to endure in peacetime. No offer of debt relief. No plan for boosting investment. And certainly, as of yet, no \Speech of Hope\ for this fallen people.
The Region's Options to Stop the Fragmentation The Obama administration entered a battle with the New York Times over an article questioning Iran's commitment in the nuclear talks. The White House and the State Department acted as Iran's advocate, reflecting the administration's obsession with leaving behind a legacy of forging a partnership with Iran.
International Effort Underway To Rescue 10 Migrant Boats 
Scenes From Celebrations In Turkey After Election Results Roll In 
Britain To Send 125 Military Advisers To Iraq, Says David Cameron 
Jaw-Dropping Visualization Shows The Sheer Number Who Died In WWII 
Hundreds of Thousands On Precipice of Losing Everything, Yet No One Seems to Care? The Dominican Republic has actually tortured its own constitution, and a host of human rights laws to persecute the poorest of its citizens. You see, in the Dominican case, the country has used anti-immigrant rhetoric against its own racial minority citizens. But they are not immigrants!
Why Beijing Is Censoring Information About The Cruise Ship Disaster 
This Week in World War I, June 6-12, 1915 By the beginning of June 1915, the stalemate that had ensued in the Gallipoli campaign prompted  Lord Kitchener, the British Secretary of State for War, to decide to commit even more troops to Gallipoli.
Gay Pride March Attacked In Ukraine 
The Washington That Never Says No Apparently incapable of resisting the temptation to meddle in the Middle East, the Obama administration remains part of Saudi Arabia's ten-member \coalition\ against Houthi rebels in Yemen. Alas, the entire campaign is built on a lie.
Over 2,000 Migrants Rescued In The Mediterranean Sea 
How Successful People Beat Stress 
Good Samaritans Offer Homes, Cars And Kitchens In Cruise Ship Disaster Town 
Could a Turkish Islamist Party Siphon Votes From Erdogan's AKP? As story after story emerges about the potential game changing 2015 election in Turkey, one party is virtually being ignored. But it has a good chance of playing the spoiler for the ambitions of the ruling AKP and its autocratic President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan. And it's a party once led by a former Erdogan all
South China Sea China wants to hand down a fait accompli to both the international court and the next American administration by achieving de facto -- if not du jour -- domination over contested features in the South China Sea.
The Phony Criticism Over Iran Sanctions 'Snapback' Rubin criticizes the not-yet-finalized agreement by questioning why Iran is allowed to participate in the dispute resolution panel at all. However, it would be unthinkable to judge any trial as fair if the accused is not allowed a voice to defend themselves.
Beautiful Satellite Photos Show Our Fragile World From Above 
A New Report Says Canada Committed 'Cultural Genocide' 
13 Dazzling Instagrams That Show The Colors And Contrasts Of Turkey 
How Saleh Danced on the Head of the CIA The claims that Hani Muhammad Mujahid makes cannot be verified. What he said about his time as a foot soldier for al-Qaeda in Afghanistan and Waziristan \tracks\ with what a former director of counter-terrorism for the CIA knew at the time. But no one can confirm the claim itself. But neither can they ignore it.
Explosion At Gas Station Kills 90 In Ghana 
Iran's Writing on the Wall Recent months have witnessed a series of unrelated, nationwide protests in Iran by teachers demanding salary hikes as well as ethnic groups decrying government abuse and calling for greater rights.
Mubarak To Stand Trial Again For 2011 Killing Of Protesters 
Explosion At Ghana Gas Station Kills Around 90 People 
Asia 
A Better Approach to China -- and the World Escalating tensions between the US and China, while ominous, offer a useful reminder that the artificial division of our world into separate nation-states may no longer serve us, and present a compelling reason to consider a better model.
The Voyage of the Hermione and 235 Years of Franco-American Friendship When the reproduction of the Hermione, with its 30 canons and three huge masts, arrives in Yorktown on June 5, it will serve as a powerful and tangible reminder of the long and absolutely essential friendship France and America have enjoyed.
How The Red Cross Raised Half A Billion Dollars For Haiti \u00adAnd Built Six Homes 
Israel Should Change Course in Syria The State of Israel cannot and should not stay indifferent when Druze people are facing an existential threat on the other side of the border.
Archaeologists Find 350-Year-Old Woman's Corpse Buried With Husband's Heart At Her Feet 
Asian Immigrants Becoming US Citizens at High Rate For the first time in decades, the number of immigrants coming to the United States from China and India outnumbers those coming from Mexico.
Follies of Denial Women are the most vulnerable targets of the Islamic State (IS), which has enslaved and brutalized women who don't meet their jihadi standards, and even introduced female police squads to monitor and persecute their own sex.
If Syria and Iraq Become Fractured, So Too Will\u00a0Tripoli and North Lebanon BEIRUT -- Saudi Arabia and its allies effectively wanted to inject hydraulic fracturing fluid (radical Salafists) into eastern Syria in order to fracture the bridge between Iran and its Arab allies. But at what cost?
The Meaning of 'Practice' in the Age of Sustainable Development The meaning of practice needs to be reinterpreted. The focus on cognitive thinking and technical skills underlying this problem-program-implementation-assessment action-framework needs to give space to a skill-set capable of actually building lasting trust and reciprocal altruism between key development actors.
Drought-Hit North Korea Seen As Able To Avoid Food Crisis 
An Internal Struggle In taking control of Ariha, the largely Islamist Jaish al-Fateh coalition and its allied Free Syrian Army (FSA) factions have successfully imposed a near-total province-wide strategic defeat upon the Bashar al-Assad regime.
International Effort Rescues More Than 5,000 Migrants In The Mediterranean 
Report 
Egypt Releases US Citizen After Nearly 2 Years In Prison 
Migrants Boat Seized Off Myanmar Still At Sea Day Later 
Syrian Christian Fighter Reportedly Beheads ISIS Militant In Revenge Killing 
ISIS Blows Up Notorious Prison Complex In Syria 
Acclaimed Mexican Journalist 
Iran Nuclear Talks Accelerate Ahead Of June Deadline 
U.S. Defense Secretary 
Russia Imposes Entry Ban On 89 European Leaders 
Chinese Security Laws Elevate The Party And Stifle Dissent. Mao Would Approve. 
Real Democracy Promotion With its omnipresent surveillance, the U.S. government began aggressively targeting and prosecuting whistleblowers and other sources, putting renowned journalists and publishers worldwide directly or incidentally in their surveillance crosshairs.
More Than 4,200 Migrants Rescued In Mediterranean 
Gunmen Kill At Least 22 Passengers Aboard Pakistani Buses 
Will Latin America Again Become an Arena for Great Power Conflict? For almost two centuries, the Monroe Doctrine has shaped great power interactions with Latin America. Designed to provide a framework for protecting nascent Latin American republics from European colonial interference, the Monroe Doctrine grew into a vision of United States (U.S.) leadership, if not hegemony and domination.
We're One Step Closer to a Moon That Could Be Home to Alien Life Finding life elsewhere would end our cosmic isolation
FIFA Wars In a series of peculiar events that can only be contextually placed in the reality of the 21st century, football, war, and diplomacy meet and intertwine. Today, Russia and the U.S take one more step in their very own modern adaptation of the Cold War in the curious battlefield of international soccer.
After Ireland, The Pressure Is On Italy To Legalize Same-Sex Unions 
On Peacekeepers Day 2015, UN Peacekeepers Should Be Held to Highest Standards On the International Day of United Nations (UN) Peacekeepers, we at Watchlist on Children and Armed Conflict (\Watchlist\) are alarmed at the recent incidences of child rights violations by UN peacekeepers and other peacekeeping forces.
Putin Lashes Out At The U.S. For Going After FIFA 
At the Dead Sea, Jordan's message was 'staying alive' Jordanians are not known to be the most cheerful among Arabs; in fact, their reputation is that they constantly frown and rarely smile.
Art and Necessity at the Havana Biennial Need marks each work of art of the Havana Biennial. Material need, where a screw used in some pedestal could end up in the door of a home, or in a chair or even in the bed where four people sleep every night. And the\u00a0other need, that of freedom, makes us approach the art to take for ourselves a piece of its rebellion, before the guard blows his whistle and we leave, empty-handed.
Trafficked Migrants Face New Horrors As Hostages Held At Sea 
Why UN Peacekeeping Needs Global Support More Than Ever In environments where peacekeepers are directly targeted, where widespread violence is ongoing, or where thousands of civilians need protection from unthinkable acts of violence, peacekeeping operations must remain fit for purpose. Our missions require well-trained and skilled troops from a broad array of countries. When crises erupt, they must be ready to deploy more quickly.
I Live In Greece I live in a country that has the highest unemployment rate in the world, the highest paycheck deductions, the most expensive gasoline... and the list goes on.
It's Time to Legalize Abortion in Chile and Everywhere Else A shocking new ad campaign in Chile is telling women if they want to have an abortion, they should consider falling from the top of a staircase. That's because right now in Chile, it's illegal to end a pregnancy regardless of the circumstances.
So Burundi Does Not Become Another Rwanda For anyone who remembers the killing fields of Kigali and Butare, it sounds a new and intolerable knell.
Libya's PM Survives Assassination Attempt 
Italian Mafia Boss Arrested After 30 Years On The Run 
Why Pope Francis Wants Oscar Romero To Be a Saint Romero was a man who was at once utterly orthodox and yet utterly radical. That is the model Pope Francis seems to be setting for himself.
In Memorial Day, a Tribute From a Syrian American Mr. Joseph Urbauer is one of my few remaining WWII patients. He fought in WWII in the 14th Air Force in the pacific. 14 Air Force was established in 1943 and deployed by the United States to the Pacific Theater.
Morocco's Role in Supporting Human Development in Africa Sustainable development in the African south is inextricable from social issues. The continent's talented populations and vast youth demographic have the potential to make the continent a global powerhouse -- but not unless present-day ills are healed.
The Greek Crisis Needs Mediation Now The latest meeting earlier in May of the eurozone's finance ministers in Brussels, anticipated by an increasingly frustrated audience worldwide, routinely marked five years of interminable talks getting nowhere since Friday April 13, 2010.
Middle East and North Africa A scan of white papers on multiple foreign policy issues published by the Chinese government is glaring for one thing
Islamic State Faces Battle In Iraq, Bombs In Syria 
Pre-Summer Reading If you wish to know what unites, at the deepest level, the fans of jihadism, new-wave Le Pen-ism, and Vladimir Putin's Eurasia project, then read, without delay, Rapha\u00ebl Glucksmann's G\u00e9n\u00e9ration gueule de bois.
Heat Wave Kills Over 500 People In India 
Nepal Strives For Peaceful Recovery One Month After Massive Earthquake 
Tragedy Follows Tragedy in Pakistan \We should condemn violence because it is unjust - period. Shias do not need a stamp of religious legitimacy from Sunni Islam to demand justice and protection of life from the state. The state has an obligation to protect Shia lives because they are citizens of the state.\
The Memorial Day Message That Is Missing Perhaps if the U.S. started exerting leadership in addressing climate change, and thus, working to lessen the chances for additional future conflict in the world, I would feel better listening to the all the messages -- especially from politicians -- honoring the dead over this holiday weekend.
An Expert Take On What ISIS Gains Mean For Iraq 
Thousands Flee After Nepal Landslide Creates Risk Of Huge Flood 
Gloria Steinem Joins Women Activists Crossing Demilitarized Zone Dividing North And South Korea 
A Shrewd Financial Investor, Qatar Boasts Dismal Return on Investment in Soft Power Widely viewed as a shrewd financial investor, Qatar's return on investment in soft power designed to position it as a progressive ally of world powers in the hope that they will come to the aid of the wealthy Gulf state in times of emergency is proving to be abysmal.
Could the UK Elections Be a Chance for Europe? David Cameron committed in January 2013 to hold an in/out referendum about the EU by the end of 2017 if his party won an outright majority. Maybe he was not sure he would need to deliver it. Now he is forced to. Can this be turned into an opportunity for Europe to revisit some critical issues, or will the Eurocratic immobilism prevail?
Greece Says It Hasn't Got The Money To Make Debt Repayment Next Month 
Eight Words From President Obama Like a clear majority of Israelis, I have long believed that the Palestinians have \a right to be a free people on their land.\ It would serve not only Palestinian interests but Israeli interests as well. But there is just one problem, and it is contained in eight words the president expressed
Poland Elects New Conservative President 
President Kagame on Political Will Kagame previously commanded the rebel forces that ended the 1994 Genocide and became President in 2000. Under his leadership, Rwanda has transformed from a broken nation into one of the safest, most productive and stable economies in Africa.
Burundi, Politics of Ego and Not Ethnicity? Ethnicity is a tool rather than the cause for the reappearance of discord in Burundi. As means to rationalize his grab for perpetual office, President Pierre Nkurunziza has reached into the bag of tricks of stoking fear of \the other.\ That is a zombie from the past that can rise from the dead.
Scenes Of Celebration And Love After Ireland Votes Yes On Gay Marriage 
Three-Hour Gunfight In Mexico One Of The Bloodiest In A Decade 
Ireland Legalizes Gay Marriage In Historic Referendum 
Burundi Opposition Figure Shot Dead In Capital, Activist Says 
Sudan's Prospects for Reform In spite of declarations to pursue reform following South Sudan's secession from Sudan in 2011, the political landscape in Sudan has remained bleak, with the government of Omar al-Bashir continuing to repress the country's marginalized populations.
Press Play for Politics On the first day of 2010, I got a phone call from the Georgian Public Broadcaster (GPB), the official organizers of Eurovision's Georgian chapter. The previous year, I co-wrote the 2009 Icelandic Eurovision entry, \Is It True?,\ a runner-up that received a silver prize at the finals held in Moscow.
Philippine Economy and Elections Soon, the Philippines will be engulfed by an election fever. And in promising emerging markets like the Philippines, electoral cycles are extremely crucial to shaping the short-to-medium term growth trajectory of the country.
Malaysia Begins Search-And-Rescue For Migrants Stranded At Sea 
A Bad Af-Pak Deal The former Afghan president Hamid Karzai seems mad at his successor and ex-chief advisor, President Ashraf Ghani, for brokering a new Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the Afghan National Directorate of Security (NDS) and the Inter Services Intelligence (ISI), Pakistan's powerful intelligence agency.
Myanmar Says It Found More Than 200 Bangladeshi Migrants In A Single Boat 
Hot Zones Something African leaders have deftly avoided discussing in the wake of the Ebola outbreak is the impact their corrupt and incompetent governance has had on how they (mis)manage such crises.
The NPT Disarmament Fallacy As before, disarmament is the most divisive issue also this year. While most non-nuclear-weapon states consider nuclear disarmament a matter of urgency, the nuclear-weapon states predictably regard it as a long-term goal, or mere \vision,\ at best.
Pakistan's Educated Jihadis Why would a graduate from the country's best business school, which has produced a president and a prime minister for Pakistan, become a terrorist? This should not completely shock us. It should instead redirect our attention toward one aspect of the jihadist movements that the government officials, policymakers and academics do not normally talk about.
Why the United States and Latin America Need a New Venezuela Strategy The resistance displayed by OAS leaders to U.S.-imposed sanctions during the recent OAS summit highlights the severity of the credibility gap the United States faces in its attempts to counter adverse political conditions in Venezuela.
12 Iconic Images Of Argentina From Instagram Users 
Ahead of Turkey's Crucial Election, Citizens Take Action to Protect Their Vote This is a historic moment where a single vote could possibly shape the course of Turkey's bloodiest conflict and its future regime type, with repercussions beyond the country's borders. With so much hanging on the outcome, this is also a crucial test for Turkey's embattled electoral system.
Remember the Suffering of Palestinians AMMAN -- With the prospects for an overall peace slipping farther and farther away, it is important not to forget the human element of this decades-old tragedy, especially that of Palestinians living as deportees within their own country or as refugees around the world.
North Korea Claims It Can Miniaturize Nuclear Weapons, U.S. Disagrees 
British Police Say 261 'People Of Public Prominence' Suspected Of Child Sex Abuse 
ISIS On The Offensive After Capturing Ramadi 
The Power Of Awe 
The Books And Letters On Osama Bin Laden's 'Bookshelf' 
Just Accept The Fact This Organ Donation PSA Will Leave You Sobbing Just TRY to get through the video without crying.
Understanding Scotland's Historic Election Result The reality is that Scottish voters chose something markedly different than their English neighbors. But since more than 80 percent of UK voters live in England, the reality is that the UK will once again get the government that England votes for.
This Lake In India Is So Polluted It Caught Fire 
A Simple Formula for Peace and Security in Africa In the coming months, several African countries will be holding elections. The flurry of electoral activity marks progress towards democratic rule in a continent where, until recently, military coups were a common practice for the transfer of political power.
How Pakistan's Energy Crisis Fuels Terrorism Some find it hard to believe that energy scarcity might be the country's greatest security threat. Yet electricity shortages have directly fed the extremist cause while undermining the legitimacy of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government, potentially more than any other factor.
Popular Turkish Singer Shot In Head In Latest High-Profile Attack 
A New Organization to Control and Spy On Cuba's Computer Users The new Computer Users Union of Cuba (UIC) will enjoy the official recognition that has been lacking until now for independent groups of bloggers, gamers and programmers.
Why the Rule of Law is Key to China's Modernization BEIJING - Nobody is empowered to act beyond the limit of the Constitution and laws. This is the true meaning of rule of law, which distinguishes it from governance by man.
Rights Groups Say Iran Is Executing Nearly 2 People A Day For Drug Crimes 
In India, Gaps in Quality of Care Leave Women Seeking Sterilization Vulnerable Nearly six months ago, 16 women died - and scores more were hospitalized - after undergoing sterilization procedures in Chhattisgarh, India. Myriad factors contributed to this tragedy, including unsanitary conditions, potentially tainted drugs, clinic staff that was both overworked and under-qualified, and apathy from the health system as well as doctors and nurses.
'Youth Is A Lost Utopia' 
Why Venezuela Has Shortages Of Everything From Corn To Condoms 
Gaza Rolls Out The Red Carpet For Film Festival Amid The Ruins 
Burundi's President Makes His First Appearance In The Capital Since Attempted Coup 
Bodies Of 6 Marines In Nepal Crash ID'd 
The Market Before the Market in Poland In the 1980s, economist Marcin Swiecicki was at the center of the discussions over the path of economic reform in Poland. We talked about his perspective on the economic changes that took place after 1990, his accomplishments as mayor, and his view of the political situation today in Poland.
Nepal Earthquake Death Toll Becomes Highest Ever Recorded In The Nation 
China Making Some Missiles More Powerful 
Egypt Bans Ultras in Bid to Break Anti-Government Protests Ultras have for the past eight years been at the core of anti-government protest in Egypt. They have been the drivers of student protests in the last two years against the regime of Abdel Fattah Al Sisi, the general-turned-president who in 2013 toppled Mohammed Morsi, Egypt's first and only democratically elected president.
The Obscure Trade Provision Everyone Is Talking About In the U.S., libertarians and conservatives worried about national sovereignty have joined with pro-environment, pro-labor progressives to mobilize against Fast Track, in large part because Fast Track would grease the skids to expand ISDS through trade treaties.
Top ISIS Leader In Syria Killed In U.S. Raid 
Burundi Protesters Defy Ban As Coup Suspects Rounded Up 
Ireland Set To Become First Country To Approve Gay Marriage Through Vote 
The Decline of the United States America has tried, and continues to try, to push President Putin and Russia out of a competitive role in world politics. But Russian counter moves can move America out of its position of world leader.
Jihad Without Borders If we are to succeed in countering jihadist terrorists, we must rethink the battlefield and understand there are no foreign fighters, just combatants bent on a philosophical mission, regardless of territory.
Genocide Is Decreed by Another Name in Darfur A dispatch from Radio Dabanga of today (May 12) makes clear that the National Islamic Front/National Congress Party regime in Khartoum no longer has any intention of concealing the fact of its genocidal destruction in Darfur.
The Women of Iraq When Huda answered ISIL's knock on the door, she found men outside her home. Toting guns, they asked her why her son was in school instead of fighting alongside them. Women also came to Huda's home in Mosul, Iraq on behalf of ISIL.
For a Destroyed Nepali Village Yesterday I heard that Langtang Village in the Himalays, which I had visited in 1971 on a solo trek in the mountains, had been destroyed by the recent earthquake. I wish the people of Langtang peace and comfort in this tragic moment.
Counterpoint This \wonderful\ Kenyan does not want you to support and enable, by your silence, leaders who are selfish and act with an impunity Kenya, the \beautiful country,\ has endured since her independence from your own Britain!
Are the Ghosts of the 20th Century Returning? BARCELONA - For decades, political debate in Europe between conservatives and the left focused largely on economic institutions and policies.  In this bi-polar system, the parties differed on the nuances of economic policy, but broadly agreed on democratic values, the European project, and the need to adapt to and manage globalization, rather than reject it wholesale. But, with the growing success of appeals to identity and renewed ethnic or religious nationalism, that is changing. Are the ghosts of the early and mid-twentieth century returning?
Russian-Iranian Arms Sale The prospect of a final nuclear deal has prompted a race among several countries to benefit from the easing of UN Security Council sanctions against Iran. A competition to secure trade with Iran has already been initiated. And Russia, a long-term strategic ally of the Islamic Republic, would not desire to fall behind.
Indian Muslims in the Age of Muslim Uprisings There is a growing awareness among the younger Muslim elite that they are being left behind by a rapidly developing and advancing India, and the negligence of the Indian government towards Muslims means that they must fend for themselves.
Between Iraq and a Hard Place Despite more than 30 years of seclusion and censorship, the majority of Iranians seem to be curious, open-minded, and eagerly seeking connection with Americans.
Conversations in Istanbul in the Wake of Charlie Hebdo The temperature was a bracing 23 degrees F with high winds, but business was as usual in  Istanbul's Grand Bazaar. Seated in an alley outside the Varol \u00c7ay Ocagi, a tea kitchen, I talked with Sefa Ulusan, one of the men who serve \u00e7ay to the merchants and their customers on the north end of the maze of shops.
Let's Build the Cities of the Future NEW YORK -- The decisions we make for our streets today will lay the foundation for the future
Nepal Calls 
WATCH 
LGBT Rights -- Modernity vs. Forces of Yesteryear No matter what, we need to be clear about our vision on global LGBT rights, so we can develop a better strategy and translate it into a sound, reliable and realistic policy. We should act, be relentless and impatient when there is an immediate need to protect individuals across the globe.
Photos Show The Hardship That Awaits Migrants Who Reach South Asia's Shores 
Report 
A New Documentary Plumbs The Depths Of India's Massive Sewage Problem 
Tighten the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty Action Plan There are compelling reasons for updating and tightening the Action Plan, most notably the need to halt nuclear weapons modernization, adopt metrics to gauge progress, and improve cooperation between parties.
How the EU Can Save You Energy Without Wasting Your Resources At a time when companies are investing billions of euros to develop new and improved display technologies, imposing mandatory limits on energy use will harm progress in these vital economic and consumer interests.
British PM Rules Out Another Scottish Independence Vote 
A Global Victory Day in Moscow By overcoming the obsession with one patch of land, perhaps the leaders of the West, Ukraine, and Russia can address what appears to be a real threat to global order
Thousands Stranded As Typhoon Takes Aim At The Philippines 
Houthi Rebels Accept Saudi-Proposed Ceasefire In Yemen 
Day-Long Shootout In Macedonia Kills At Least Eight Police And 14 Gunmen 
The Moral Revolution in East-Central Europe Some of the most powerful critiques of the Communist governments in East-Central Europe were moral. Vaclav Havel, for instance, argued that the regimes, with their propaganda and inequalities and corruption, were built on a foundation of lies. He proposed the alternative of \living in truth.\
HuffPost Editors Go Head-To-Head Over Greece's Debt Crisis 
How Shirtless Putin Became A Rock Star President In Russia 
'Sabeen Was a Voice of Reason, Pluralism and Secularism May Sabeen's soul rest in peace even as we hope that her network will continue to be inspired by her enlightened vision, and her indefatigable courage to right the wrongs in Pakistan.
Netanyahu's New Israeli Government Faces A World Of Problems 
Working on Behalf of All Minorities A fundamental element of majority privilege is the blind universality that members of an ethnic, religious, racial or sexual majority often unconsciously embrace. They believe that their perspectives are held -- or should be held -- by everyone.
Scottish Nationalists Warn British PM He Can't Ignore Their Landslide In Scotland 
Understanding the Islamic State Either way, it underscores the fact that Islamic State does not fit into any neat pigeon holes. It may be a proto-nation or even the core of a new proto-empire. It is certainly more than just a militant jihadist movement. It is a complex, multifaceted phenomenon which is still not entirely understood and whose impact on the world is still evolving.
Meet The 'Indie Capitalists' Of Brooklyn 
This Pakistani Activist Is Taking His Fight Against Extremism Worldwide 
From Athens To The U.S., This Greek Startup Wants to Make Hiring Easier 
It's Always the Economy That Matters Most You'd have to be a psychopath to take pleasure in some of the losses the past 12 hours have seen. Douglas Alexander, Danny Alexander and Jim Murphy, for example, didn't lose their seats because they were bad at their job. They lost their seats because Scotland is currently in the grip of a wave of hysteria.
Children of Bhaktapur Lose Homes, Families Back on rubble mound, 16-year-old Mako Gali is smiling. Her smile, despite the loss of her entire family, is almost too much too take and she has to comfort a reporter 25 years her senior.
From Soccer God To Steely-Eyed Pol, Romario Wins Brazilian Hearts 
A Look At the Next 10 Years in US-European Relations For all of us over here in Europe, this seems like our weakest, loneliest moment. But it is high time for Europe to grow up, and as everybody knows, there's no better way to force someone to grow than to inflict a little suffering on them.
Al Qaeda Claims Senior Official Killed By U.S. Strike In Yemen 
More Than a Year after Annexation, Crimean Tatars Need Allies Amidst all the media frenzy surrounding Putin's nefarious destabilization efforts in Eastern Ukraine, other issues of vital importance have gone ignored.
Philippines As of January 2015, Internet penetration around the world has reached a 21% growth from the previous year and now totaling an astounding 42% penetration for both fixed and mobile connections.
Dear Ben Affleck I'm sure you want this whole episode behind you. I get that
Three Survive Eight Days Under Earthquake Rubble In Nepal, As Death Toll Rises 
Israelis, Many Of Ethiopian Descent, Stage Mass Protest In Tel Aviv Demanding Equality For All 
Merkel Says Germans Can Never Forget Horrors Inflicted At Nazi Death Camps 
World Press Freedom Day At a time when the supply of information seems unlimited and overwhelming, journalists and journalism are being challenged like never before. It seems contradictory, but it makes a perverse kind of sense. Despots and autocrats and terrorists are threatened by the free flow of information.
Ancient Samaritan Sect, Straddling Israel and Palestine, Celebrates Passover On West Bank Hilltop 
The Quest for Asia's Next Manufacturing Miracle Countries should encourage the development of large, legitimate trade unions that truly represent workers' interests and engage productively with employers, rather than stamping out strikes in the fear that they will drive away business.
What's Behind Saudi Arabia's Dramatic Palace Reshuffle 
More Bodies Found At Mass Grave In Suspected Thai Trafficking Camp 
Protests Against Burundi President's Election Plan Paused 
Dangerous World War 2 Bombs Still Litter Germany's Landscape 
Three Die In Grenade Attacks In Burundi Capital, As Protests Continue 
North Korea Says It Has Arrested A South Korean NYU Student For Illegal Entry 
An Old Soldier Says No I caught the eye of one of the men that my guide had been talking to.  I smiled, but he didn't   He just shook his head, very subtly, but it was unmistakable.  The war was not over for this Vietnamese veteran.
What Europe Should Learn From Bosnia Europe today is witnessing a major crisis concerning its Muslim communities, one which is already beginning to reveal its troubling global implications. Bosnians have lessons for our troubled world.
What Would Pakistan 2.0 Look Like? If you have ever doubted that the mother of invention is necessity, then look no further than Pakistan. Pakistan has struggled to provide opportunities to its people for decades. But the country is turning the tide.
The Baltimore Riots Too many are the voices that scream for the riots to stop, and too few are those who implore for the injustice to cease.
Nepal Desperately Needs Aid, But The Wrong Kind Could Make Things Worse 
Some Of The Most Exquisite Photos Of Egypt From Instagram Users Around The World 
The Drawdown of the UN Mission in Liberia Resumes Liberia has 14 months to assume full responsibility for all facets of its security. Lessons learned during the Ebola crisis can help ensure a successful transition.
Bismarck at 200 \Study history, study history,\ espoused Sir Winston Churchill. \In history lies all the secrets of statecraft.\ At the 200th anniversary of Iron Chancellor and Prussian statesman Otto von Bismarck, the hidden lessons from this remarkable statesman remain ever vital for the future of Europe.
Yarmouk Camp, Anybody still there? Sami was one of the pioneers of the revolution in a time when the revolution meant hope. He participated in the demonstration that took place in the Omayyad mosque. I remember the day. I saw him near the mosque one Friday in June 2011; he smiled at me and told me he would come over later that night.
How the Egyptian Press Views the Yemen War Egypt has demonstrated that it is ready to combat terrorism by taking a very assertive stance against Islamic State and by joining the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen. What does this mean for Egypt and how does it view conflict in Yemen, Iranian influence and relations with Washington?
In Nepal Quake Aftermath, Volunteers Mobilize To Guard Their Heritage 
WATCH On my recent travels through the Peruvian Amazon, I came upon the craziest caterpillar that I have ever seen, and subsequently yelled at it for hours.
Everest Avalanche Victim's Loved Ones Launch Campaign Dedicated To 'Living Life As An Adventure' 
Trouble in Paradise When they meet next month, President Obama should look beyond UAE's fancy PR campaign and ask Sheikh Mohammed why peaceful critics are in jail, why their lawyers are intimidated from representing them and their witnesses harassed, and why the UAE thinks the best way to fight terrorism is with repression.
Spring Ushers in Fighting Season in Afghanistan This pattern of fighting in Afghanistan is nothing new, but what is noteworthy is that the Afghan National Security Forces (ANSF) will this year face the enemy without the full support of the U.S. and its NATO and other coalition forces.
A Brave Pakistani Activist Is Killed This tragedy should remind the educated Pakistanis that silencing people because of difference of opinion is not fiction but a reality that the people of Balochistan experience every single day.
Israel's Attacks in Syria Pose New Challenges for the Iranian Axis In the coming weeks and months, it can be assumed that Israel will continue preventing weapons transfers to Hezbollah, even at the risk of a major escalation.
It's Not About Terms, It's About People The problem can be solved only if the Armenian nation and the Turkish nation work together. In the 21st century, and within our communication age it's about time for these two nations to find a way to discuss this taboo. This is a mutual sorrow that needs a mutual solution.
The Rule of Law Is China's Challenge in the South China Sea The PRC has become masterful at playing the international system against itself, whether on issues related to maritime law or development finance, as has been skillfully demonstrated with the creation of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank.
Heartbreaking Photos Of Nepal Mourning Thousands Of Earthquake Victims 
Rebuilding Poland's Jewish Community Rachel Zacharia always knew she was Jewish. Her father, a Party official, read and wrote in Yiddish, and her parents spoke Yiddish with friends. But she didn't start thinking about her Jewish identify until 1968.
Sisi's Egypt Pushes Migrants Into The Sea Europe wept crocodile tears over the mass grave that the Mediterranean has become. Few have shown any sign that they will treat the mass drownings as what they are
Fighting Gets Worse In Yemen Despite Saudi Pledge To Halt Campaign 
What We Know About The Nepal Earthquake 
Terrifying Photos From Inside The Deadly Avalanche On Mount Everest 
For Greater Europe We Must Embrace People-To-People Cooperation The Greater Europe project, which many politicians, experts and opinion makers from many European countries have been trying to promote since mid-1980s, now looks like a fantasy completely detached from reality. Neither Russia nor Europe can afford a new \Cold War.\
Why The Deadly Attacks Against Foreigners In South Africa Come As No Surprise 
ISIS Makes Gains In Key Province 
Massive Earthquake Kills Over 1,800 In Nepal 
Allies Are Not Like Facebook Friends If America ends up at war, it almost certainly will be on behalf of one ally or another. Washington collects allies like most people collect Facebook \friends.\ The vast majority of U.S. allies are security liabilities, tripwires for conflict and war. Alliances should be based on interest, not charity.
Historic Tower Collapses In Nepal Earthquake 
Israeli Forces Kill Palestinian Youth Wielding Knife At Checkpoint 
Photos And Video Capture The Tragic Devastation From Nepal's Earthquake 
Nepal Quake Triggers Deadly Avalanche At Mount Everest 
Fashion Designer Prabal Gurung Is Raising Thousands For Survivors Of Nepal's Earthquake 
Turkey and Iran Turkey opted to keep its distance from the Middle East for decades. Yet its involvements in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) changed with the hyperactive foreign policy of the Justice and Development Party (AKP) since 2002.
'Arma Virumque Cano' - Militarism and Parades in Asia Military parades are an indispensable political platform for communicating power and ambition and are now amplified by the tools of mass media, which can orchestrate and glamourize rhythmic ranks of well-booted warriors and rolling chariots of gleaming steel.
Hitler, Franco, and a Banker I spoke with Pierpaolo Barbieri about his re-framing of the relationship between two of the world's most despised men, the intrinsic danger of absolute power, and historical memory's very long shadow.
Understanding The Deadly Rise In Mediterranean Migration 
The Armenian Genocide and the Burden of Shame While many around the world hoped that President Obama would acknowledge the Armenian genocide by its 100th anniversary, it will be still be a victory if global awareness increases. Formal acknowledgement should follow after the shame is shared.
Israel Votes in the Eye of a Storm Even the Mediterranean beaches which once saw Arab terrorists come ashore to kill Israelis lacked any ominous shadows. The week of the election it was still too cold for swimmers. But hundreds of surfers in wet suits rode the waves as if in a peaceful invasion from the sea.
100 Years Ago, 1.5 Million Armenians Were Systematically Killed. Today, It's Still Not A 'Genocide.' 
Why Well-Being Is a Skill That Can Be Learned We need to shift our thinking about well-being from a static \thing\ to a set of skills that can be learned and cultivated over time -- a notion supported by a growing body of scientific evidence I've outlined as an author of this year's World Happiness Report.
Leveraging Sanctions with Iran Absent a credible military threat, there is no reason to believe that Iran will come clean regarding its nuclear program if Washington surrenders its remaining leverage. Nor is it reasonable to hang one's hat on the belief that Iran will moderate its behavior if both its diplomatic and financial isolation is ended.
By Recalling Its Ambassador from the Vatican, Turkey Helped Publicize Pope's Affirmation of Armenian Genocide The Turkish government's overreaction and the Pope's refusal to apologize for his remarks made international headlines on TV networks, websites and newspapers around the world.
Think The British Elections Are Boring As Hell? This Is Why They Matter 
Responsible Gold Also Means Supporting Livelihoods of Artisanal Miners The push for \conflict-free\ minerals has created new challenges for mines in eastern Congo, like Mukungwe, to access formal gold markets, mainly because of unreasonably high expectations from the market that go beyond international standards.
Abe's Visit Will Remind Americans China's Power Must Be Checked TOKYO -- Would a world order designed by China allow for the rise of another power to challenge it in the way the U.S.-led world order allowed for -- indeed, encouraged and assisted -- China's three-decade-long boom? To answer that question, one can look to the writings of the Chinese strategist Yan Xuetong, whose book \Ancient Chinese Thought, Modern Chinese Power\ argues that all countries must recognize and accept China's centrality to the world as the Middle Kingdom.
South Korea To Raise Ferry That Sank 1 Year Ago 
Mediterranean Horrors Now, day after day, obliged to watch the heart-rending images on TV, Europeans are forced to acknowledge the catastrophe. And what has quickly become very clear is that the countries of Europe have no unified policy on immigration. Nor are they likely to come up with one in the immediate future.
Meet The Man Who Tracks The Digital Footprints Of Missing Central American Migrants 
Israel Adds Palestinian Teen To Terror Victim Memorial, Sparking Praise And Protest 
Syria Chlorine Gas Syria Chlorine Gas
Shocking Videos Capture The Tragic Aftermath Of A Migrant Shipwreck In The Mediterranean 
Secret Files Reveal The Structure Of Islamic State 
More Than 90,000 People Flee Violence In Iraq's Anbar Province, Says UN 
Supreme Leader Khamenei Says Iranian Nuclear Weapons Are A U.S. 'Myth' 
Hundreds Feared Dead After Migrant Boat Sinks Off Libya 
Iraqi Officer Under Saddam Masterminded The Rise Of ISIS, Reports Spiegel 
Thousands Of Yemeni Troops Side With President Hadi, Say Officials 
The Pankow Peace Group Organized in the Pankow neighborhood of East Berlin in 1981, the Pankow Peace Group not only took bold positions on nuclear issues but interpreted peace more broadly to include pedagogy, economic development, and environmentalism.
Italy Calls For EU To Meet On Immigration This Week After Sinking 
Become a Global Citizen This year world leaders will agree on a pathway to sustainable development and Global Citizen is taking on the challenge to make sure they are known throughout the world and acted on. We're going to hear from most knowledgeable and culturally relevant people on this subject to create a dialogue about the challenges, the solutions and what can be done in terms of national development.
Working With the Marginalized in Poland Until the 1970s, drug addicts didn't exist in Poland -- at least not officially. In those days, drugs were expensive and the supply was limited, so the Polish state could hide the problem by giving a different label to the small number of addicts. But then heroin became more readily available. And addiction started to grow.
Why Iran Matters to South Korea -- and Why South Korea's Middle East Posture Should Matter to the United States n 2009, North Korea declared that it had developed a nuclear weapon. As the country most gravely threatened is the democratic Republic of Korea to Pyongyang's south, I sat down this week with Oh Joon, the country's Permanent Representative to the United Nations, and asked for his perspective on Lausanne.
Is Al Qaeda In Decline? 
Weekend Roundup Since Earth Day, which will be marked on April 22, was first commemorated 45 years ago, we have learned a lot about the planet's ecology. Above all, we have begun to understand the biological intelligence of nature itself that, for millennia, has managed to continually regenerate and stabilize that narrow band of a livable climate that has enabled our species and others to thrive.\n\nWorking with nature, not against it, to combat climate change is the message of the Leo DiCaprio-narrated short video documentary, \Restoration,\ we publish this week. As senior Chinese diplomat Wu Jianmin writes from Beijing, we are also learning to work together as nations through geo-environmental cooperation, as exemplified by the recent U.S.-China agreement to jointly reduce carbon gases. (continued)
These Glow-In-The-Dark Critters Will Blow Your Mind If you're familiar with the 2009 science fiction film, \Avatar,\ you may have enjoyed the beautifully lush extraterrestrial glowing rainforest. But the other worldly glowing rainforest that I experienced was far closer to home, in the Peruvian Amazon of Tambopata this past March.
Denial of the Armenian Genocide Is Brutalizing the World JERUSALEM -- That the acknowledgment of the genocide by the pope and Kim Kardashian's trip to Armenia were so newsworthy and were hailed as such a great \PR disaster for Turkey\ shows that something went terribly wrong over the course of the last century.
Somalis Become Victims of Al-Shabaab's Violence Twice Over The attacks of Al-Shabaab have been portrayed as a fight between Kenyans and Somalis. Though perhaps politically convenient, characterising Al-Shabaab as a Somali problem that can be solved through actions that target the Somali population ignores the evidence.
Iraq's Muddled Future As a complex mosaic of diverse sects and ethnicities, Iraq's future remains bleak if there is no considerable change in the status quo. Without it, Iraq will exist only in name.
This Controversial Chinese Company Wants To 3-D Print Your Next House 
South Korea Grieves On Anniversary Of Sewol Ferry Disaster 
European Parliament Votes To Call 1915 Armenian Killings Genocide 
Ukraine, Politics of History and Jewish Identity Sadly, many Ukrainians have little knowledge of their own country's colorful past and tend to promote a rather monolithic and narrow-minded view of history based solely upon the Ukrainian ethnic experience. Perhaps it would be more productive to delve into the country's rich interethnic experience so as to foster greater understanding between Ukrainians and minority populations.
Iraq PM 
Hundreds Of Migrants Drown In The Mediterranean 
Fighting For The Rights Of Colombia's Acid Attack Victims 
Analysis of the Electoral Data in Nigeria's 2015 Presidential Elections I do not mean for my analysis to be a reductive one, not in the least. I am not trying to argue that ethnicity and religion are the only drivers or even the main drivers of Nigerian politics. My argument is a little bit more conservative than that.
Never To Be Forgotten - A Year On From Chibok On April 14th 2014, a ruthless militia kidnapped over 200 of Nigeria's young girls from their school in Chibok in the dead of night. A year on, the girls have yet to be released by Boko Haram, nor rescued by our security forces, leaving their families waiting and praying for answers.
The Impact of Energy on China/Myanmar Relations The acquisition of energy has become a dominant influence in China's foreign policy orientation generally, and has been a driving force in its relationship with Myanmar in recent years.
Why People Think Mindfulness Meditation Is Impossible 
Rights Group 
Iran Proposes Peace Plan For Yemen 
Remembering Coral Gardens In the red, green, and gold posters adorning college dorm rooms and the global image exported about Rastafarianism, a narrative of the horrific incidents of 52 years ago is lost.
More Than 5,600 Boat Migrants Rescued Off North Africa In Just The Past 3 Days 
Let Not Jihadi John Distract Us From the Real Evil Jihadi John is the new international Bogey-Man. He gets plenty of media coverage these days, and has become a lightning rod of moral outrage in the West. But the media narrative around this new Evil Incarnate comes with a huge price tag
Technology Gives Us The Power To Rewrite Nature 
China Needs a Strong Leader Like Xi -- but the Rule of Law Like Singapore SINGAPORE -- This is a rare window of opportunity for China.  If Xi had not launched the anti-corruption campaign now, it would have been impossible to do so in 10 years time. By then the vested interest groups would have become too powerful. If the economic oligarchy becomes a political one, China will become the Russia of yesterday.
Chasing Happiness 
China-Led AIIB Will Be Lean, Clean And Green - Official 
UN Calls For Safe Passage From Yarmouk Refugee Camp Under ISIS Attack 
Egypt Sentences Muslim Brotherhood Leader To Death 
The Risks of Doing Business in Poland Doing business entails certain risks. You make a big investment of money and time, and you hope that your gamble pays off. Maybe people will come to your restaurant. Maybe they will buy your product. Maybe they will contract for your services. But you can't be sure. You've taken out loans on the expectation that if you build it, they will come.
The Strangest of Bedfellows We must understand this to understand the SNP's position. The SNP does not see itself as fundamentally-invested in the ideology of who wins at \Westminster.\ On the surface of it, if Scotland had to be governed from Westminster, they publicly declare that they would prefer a left-wing government.
Priorities for Romania In order to increase economic freedom for its citizens and enable them to achieve higher standards of living, Romania needs to continue its efforts to eradicate corruption and establish an independent and efficient judicial system.
Lessons From the Second Battle of Tikrit The second battle of Tikrit is now over. It began on March 2 and lasted until April 4, when Iraqi commanders confirmed that the last pocket of Islamic State militants in the city had been eliminated.
Saudi Arabia Dismisses Iran Calls For Yemen Ceasefire 
What's Really Behind The War In Yemen? 
Freeze on U.S. Troop Withdrawal From Afghanistan Marks Latest Chapter in Debate Over 'Cut and Run' When President Barack Obama announced recently that he would freeze a planned withdrawal of U.S. troops from Afghanistan, he explained that Afghanistan remained a dangerous place.
Egypt Sentences US-Egyptian Citizen To Life In Prison 
Modi's Oxymoronic Stance on Climate Change Yes, the world doesn't need to tell India what to do because of our unique cultural value to the environment and our minimal contribution to historic carbon emissions, but neither can India's Prime minister continue to dwell in rhetoric and falsely lead the public into thinking he is doing enough to protect them.
Acknowledging the Armenian Genocide It is wrong to say to just \get over it\ to victim nations. For there to be reconciliation, there must be acknowledgment and justice. Just as we demand that Israel acknowledge and make recompense for its \original sin,\ we can want no less for the Armenian people.
Italy Rescues Almost 1,000 Migrants Amid Spike In Deaths At Sea 
Normalization and a De-facto Alliance Between Washington and Tehran The United States understands the language of both immediate and strategic interests, and the Arab leaderships must speak this language fluently in light of the developments, and not with an archaic, rigid language.
A Divided China Xi may indeed be the most powerful leader of China since Mao, but he is also at the helm of a China that has never been more starkly divided or with more to lose.
What Do Syrians Want? Q & A on the Syrian Freedom Charter The Syrian Freedom Charter is a national unity document based on tens of thousands of face-to-face interviews with Syrians, in every governorate of the country, about what kind of society they want.
The D\u00e9j\u00e0 Vu of Russia's Rough Justice As Europe commemorates the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II, a troll army secretly floods websites with pro-Putin propaganda while Russian government officials openly defend the indefensible. Moscow archivists are spreading misinformation to whitewash Soviet history.
Regime Change in Sri Lanka Local and international print media continue to bring charges against the former Rajapaksa government, but overlook the dangers posed by the current Sri Lankan regime to the rule of law, democracy and freedom of expression.
Caught Between ISIS And Assad, A Palestinian Refugee Camp Is Starving To Death 
ISIS Releases More Than 200 Captive Yazidis In Iraq 
Russian Nuclear Submarine Catches Fire In Shipyard 
12 Powerful Photos That Show The Utter Devastation In Yemen 
How Ancestry.Com Is Quietly Transforming Itself Into A Medical Research Juggernaut 
The Kenya Massacre What we need instead is rule of law in which everyone has a voice and a stake.  Yes, everyone, worldwide.  We need One Global Democracy.
Yemen's Houthis Ready For Talks If Air Strikes Stop, Claims Senior Member 
Italy Rescues 1,500 Migrants At Sea In Less Than 24 Hours 
Former Saddam Hussein Officers Play Major Role In Islamic State 
The State of Romanian Extremism Relations between ethnic Hungarians and ethnic Romanians have improved to a degree. There are still tensions, particularly around the top of regionalization, which would provide greater autonomy to different parts of the country, including the area with a Hungarian majority.
Administration Should Speed, Not Slow, Military Withdrawal From Afghanistan Roughly half of the 10,600 American troops were supposed to leave by the end of the year, with the rest scheduled to depart in 2016. But the administration has cancelled this year's withdrawal. Carter said he wanted to \make sure this progress sticks.\
Fighting In Yemen Continues As Gun Battles And Heavy Shelling Hit Aden 
America and Iran For years, the United States and other nations have reached out to this population through broadcasting and online venues, but this process should be immediately expanded. Exchange programs -- academic and cultural -- are effective in breaking down stereotypes.
Iran Nuclear Deal Pits U.S. Congress Versus U.S. Allies? The most serious challenge to the nuclear deal may be that it does not at all address the human rights record of the Tehran theocracy or statements challenging the legitimacy of Israel. However, from the perspective of the Obama Administration and most U.S. allies, the nuclear deal is seen as a first step in empowering a more progressive trend with Iran.
Netanyahu Goes On Sunday Talk Shows To Blast Iran Nuclear Deal 
Iraqi Officials 
Converging in McLeod Ganj On a warm October day in McLeod Ganj, a town in Northern India nestled between peaks of the outer-Himalayas, the streets were bustling with life. Among the many languages that wove in and out of the bookstores and between the dumpling stands, the most prominent was Mandarin Chinese.
Thousands Trapped In Damascus Camp As ISIS Takes Over 
Iran Eases Ban On Women Attending Sports Matches 
Fidel Castro Appears In Public For First Time In Over A Year 
Violence Hits Nigeria's Oil-Rich Delta Region 
Aid To Embattled Yemen Blocked Amid Saudi-Led Airstrikes 
Iran, Not ISIS, Is the Real Menace Tehran continues to export its revolutionary zeal by supporting terrorism and radical organizations such as Hamas and Hezbollah, providing direct financial and military assistance to radical Shiite militias, and maintaining through subversive activities its strong hold on Iraq, Syria, and Lebanon.
A Wave Of Looting And Lynching Follows Iraqi Forces Recapture Of Tikrit 
Why the Iran Nuclear Deal Is a Victory for American National Security This deal will verifiably prevent Iran from building a bomb for at least 15 years. No American troops will be killed, and it won't cost us a dime. What's not to like?
Kenya's College Massacre Indicates Growing Threat From Somalia's Al-Shabab 
Former Iranian President Bani-Sadr 
Hope Springs The last year and a half of negotiations between Iran and six international powers has created a remarkable and historic shift. Not only have relations between the United States and Iran begun to thaw after 30 years of enmity, but it is increasingly looking like the international community will be able to solve the Iran nuclear crisis together.
The Predictable Blowback From Supporting Sectarian Authoritarianism in Bahrain Where does that leave the U.S.? The Obama administration is supporting an anti-democratic monarchy in Bahrain that institutionally discriminates against its Shia population, hires Sunni police officers from hotbeds of ISIS support and awards them citizenship in order to decrease the level of Shia majority.
Where Do the World's Hungriest People Live? Not Where You Think If you were tasked to end hunger and malnutrition in the world, you might first ask
The Marvelous Millie B. Millie B., as some called her, was a diplomat's wife whose strong, heartfelt determination to aid others fueled her wartime endeavors. She organized relief agencies, toured battlefields, feuded with Edith Wharton, and more.
Obama's Foreign Policy Alliances of convenience are the staple of foreign policy as any reader of Machiavelli knows. Obama wants a deal over Iranian nuclear capabilities for it would be a major success of US foreign policy.
Nigeria's Vote Could Mark Turning Point In Country's History 
Why Is Egypt Prosecuting Human Rights Defenders? How low will the Egyptian government go in silencing the voices of its citizens and its human rights activists? Last week, it went even lower than thought possible. In what amounted to a judicial masquerade, the Egyptian government suddenly decided to prosecute one of the world's most active and effective human rights defenders, Azza Soliman, for denouncing police brutality.
Why Pakistan Will Fight Saudi's Wars but Not Its Own By getting involved in the Yemen conflict, Pakistan risks sectarian conflict at home in addition to being drawn into a proxy war between Saudi Arabia and Iran in the Middle East.
Nearing End of 'New Turkey' While Lee Kuan Yew acknowledged that we are all global beings and our survivals depend upon world conditions, Erdo\u011fan prefers to stick with \precious loneliness\ to be able to hide unjust treatment and to hide revelations of corruption.
Not Even James Bond Can Rescue Mexico's Image MEXICO CITY -- While James Bond is cavorting in downtown Mexico City among giant skeleton props, leaping over rooftops and jumping into helicopters in an fictional exercise the government hopes will bolster Brand Mexico, Mexicans all over the country are clamoring for a new deal and real justice.
The End of Ebola? Lessons at the Epidemic's One Year Anniversary Going forward, we need to be better prepared for further outbreaks of this and other infectious agents.  Maybe someday in the future, Ebola will be sealed and contained in a building.  But in the modern age, even such containment is only temporary.
'Life Continues' 
Tyranny of the Majority That this was a democratic result does nothing to hide the shame of it. That Israel's electorate was cowed, after decades of fear-mongering by political opportunists, to bet on nationalism is a disgrace both to that nation and to the principles that underpin reasonable peoples' support for liberal democracy.
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani Pushes the Reset Button President Ghani is an educated and competent man and as such is a welcome face in the leadership of Afghanistan.  But he is also a part of a very dysfunctional, incompetent and corrupt machine ill-suited for producing the reforms he promised in Washington.
You Can't Understand What's Really Going on in Yemen Without Busting These Myths The threats emanating from Yemen are distorted and exaggerated, the stakes are actually relatively low (except for Yemenis), any imposed settlement is highly elusive and the costs to those engaged may be high. For the U.S., it can be once again something of a lose-lose situation where the enemy of my enemy is often also my enemy.
Fukuyama Talks To China About The Sorry State Of American Democracy 
Saudi Attack on Yemen Aims to Prevent Thaw Between Iran and the West The real reason behind the attacks is one and only one word
American People Should Hold War Lobby Accountable for Libya Debacle Libya's collapse has been almost total. Alas, the consequences will linger for years if not decades. When war-happy politicians, including Hillary Clinton and her gaggle of Republican rivals, next stand before America, voters should hold these pitiful policymakers accountable for the disaster they created in Libya.
Yemen Conflict Risks New Chaos In The Middle East 
 
David Cameron Rallies Party Before 'Knife Edge' Election 
Finland and the Common Core 
Arab Leaders Announce Unified Force To Counter Security Threats 
Fighting And Airstrikes Continue Throughout Yemen As Dialogue Remains Distant 
Netanyahu 
Finland's Schools Are Overhauling The Way They Do Things. Here's How 
Message from Mali We have much to learn from The Caravan of Peace and the likes of Khaira Arby and Songhoy Blues.  As in Mali, there is no shortage of political and economic oppression in the United States. Considering the ever-growing celebration and extension of ignorance, intolerance, hate and social violence, the prospect for our future generates no small measure of fear.
Saudi-Led Coalition Bombs Yemen As Houthi Rebels Advance On Aden 
Group 
Greece Maneuvers To Stave Off Crisis 
Poland's Luckiest Generation We are also trying to diminish the influence of the Church in Poland. Poland is a very conservative country. We are definitely for secularism. And we are not for the unlimited free market deciding everything. Some things cannot be managed in a business way.
How Will Syria's Assad Be Held Accountable For Crimes Against Humanity? 
German Tabloid 
What We Know So Far About Germanwings Co-Pilot Andreas Lubitz 
Decisive Storm Responds to Iranian Encroachment on the Borders of Saudi Arabia Are the military strikes by Gulf countries led by Saudi Arabia, with the participation of Egypt and Pakistan, part of a strategy to halt Iranian encroachment in the Arab countries, or is it just a Yemeni episode imposed by necessity?
Nigeria Is Holding Elections While Thousands Are Still Displaced By Violence 
As U.S. Bombs Tikrit, Some Iraqi Sunnis Are Stuck Between ISIS And Shiite Militias 
U.S. 
Swiss Fondue With Iran While It Blows Up Yemen 
In Francis' Vatican, the Homeless Get VIP Treatment ROME -- \Welcome, this is a house for all. Your house.\
Houthi Official 
Israel Is Not Afraid. Israel Is Comfortable. As sad and painful as it is for me personally, I can no longer protest the utilization of sanctions and political isolation because the people of Israel have demonstrated unequivocally that without them they will not move in a positive direction for themselves or their neighbors.
The Rhetoric of Netanyahu Netanyahu's recent calculus has since placed Israel on a collision course with the United States. The political relationship will likely recover over time. But I worry that the polarization is feeding anti-Semitism in the United States, especially on university campuses.
Many Iraqis Think They Know Who's Behind ISIS 
Swedish Soccer Team Narrowly Escaped Germanwings Plane Crash 
ISIS Most plans offered today to counter and combat this group focus exclusively on military or geopolitical solutions. While important, these plans lack a key understanding of the branding, digital marketing and start-up mentality that facilitated the spread of ISIS's influence across the globe.
Netanyahu Gets The Go-Ahead To Form Israel's Next Government 
Likud's Victory Is Israel's Defeat The damning consequences Netanyahu's new government will inflict on the country are as certain as night following day. Israel, which has been led astray by Netanyahu for so long, is fast approaching a new precipice unlike any other it has faced in years past.
With Fewer Electronics, This Is How A City Sleeps 
Deadly Suicide Blast Hits Afghan Capital 
Wrath of Dancing Grandmothers Forces Chinese Government to Backtrack 
Saudi Arabia Launches Military Operations In Yemen 
Pilot Was Locked Out Of Cockpit Before Alps Crash 
What You Need To Read To Understand The Crisis In Yemen 
GETT The film, the work of sister-brother co-directors Ronit and Shlomi Elkabetz (she co-stars), is an impassioned portrayal of an implacable woman of character. It's at once a feminist film, obviously, and a larger story about diminishing the ultra-Orthodox (Haredi) authority and influence in Israeli life.
The Bright Future of Asia's Middle Class SEOUL -- Equipped with high-quality education, Asia's rising middle class will demand higher-quality public services. Increased confidence in their country's political systems and institutional structures, enhanced by improved perceptions of upward mobility, will help to strengthen the rule of law. And there will be more opportunities for women to learn and work, leading to greater gender equality.
ISIS Is the Mirror That Reflects Our Dark Side There have always been crazy groups claiming they have some sort of divine or nationalistic right to kill other people. These groups have a few things in common -- psychotic tendencies, bad taste in fashion and a horrible sense of humor.
Billion Dollar U.S.-Backed New Alliance Threatens Evictions in Tanzania President Obama has a history of supporting constructive international programs that can reach women smallholder farmers with critical investments, but he got it wrong with the New Alliance, and it needs to be scrapped.
New Feminist Thor Is Selling Way More Comic Books Than The Old Thor 
Israel and Her Minorities If Israel wishes to be \a light unto the nations\ she must put the brakes on this growing intolerant tendency towards 20 percent of its own population. The tragic consequences if she does not will be hard to stop.
As Support For China-Led Development Bank Grows, U.S. Urges Collaboration 
Cities Need To Get Smarter -- And India's On It 
Help Greece, but Forget About Reparations From Germany BERLIN -- Germany bears responsibility for Greece. But that has nothing to do with World War II.
The Sage of Singapore Though the founding father of a tiny country on the tip of the Malay peninsula, Lee Kuan Yew was one of the giants of the arriving Asian century. Not only did he miraculously transform the impoverished colonial entrep\u00f4t of Singapore, rife with drugs and prostitution, into a gleaming model city-state of the 21st century; his practical vision of soft-authoritarian capitalism also became the template for Deng Xiaoping's \opening up and reform\ in China, laying the basis for the rise of a prosperous East Asia.
Netanyahu's Allies Blame White House Criticism On Misunderstanding 
London Police Arrest Six After Synagogue Attack 
Syrian Army Helicopter Crashes; Crew Captured By Rebels 
Yemen's Power Struggle Escalates As Houthis Seize Strategic City 
The IMF Would Be 'Delighted' To Cooperate With China On AIIB, Says Lagarde 
Soccer Riots Reflect Long-Standing Discontent in Iran's Predominantly Arab Khuzestan Iran's crackdown earlier this month on the protesting soccer fans was as much in line with its intolerance toward expressions of anti-government sentiment as it was a response to references to Ahwaz in Saudi media as Arab territory.
Red Notice We discover, laid bare by an expert, the inner workings of the staggering extortion scheme that is the heart of Putin's system, and we understand that the act of revealing those workings is the most unforgivable crime in the country.
Hungary's Green Wave Crashes When I met the biologist Gyongyi Mangel in 1990, her enthusiasm was contagious. So much was going on in Hungarian civil society that it was hard to keep track of all the new initiatives. She was passionate about connecting issues and it was hard not to get caught up in her can-do spirit.
Lee Kuan Yew's Legacy Lee Kuan Yew died on Monday at the age of 91. And with his demise, modern Asia has lost all of its postwar political wizards, men and women who carved entire countries from the clangor of colonial rule or from disputes with neighbors. This year, his beloved Singapore will mark its 50th anniversary of independence.
Russia Threatens To Aim Nuclear Missiles At Denmark Ships If It Joins NATO Shield 
Singapore's Founding Prime Minister Dies, Reports Prime Minister's Office 
Can Political Islam Co-Exist With Liberal Democracy? 
Report 
ISIS Urges Sympathizers To Kill U.S. Service Members It Identifies On Website 
Financial Inclusion Financial inclusion helps lift people out of poverty and can help speed economic development. It can draw more women into the mainstream of economic activity, harnessing their contributions to society. And it will help governments provide more efficient delivery of services to their people by streamlining transfers and cutting administrative costs.
Iran's President Says Nuclear Agreement Within Reach 
ISIS Issues Hit List Of 100 U.S. Military Personnel 
Global Spotlight Firm Fixed on Nigerian Elections Nigeria's more than 70 million voters will soon go to the polls to choose their country's leader for the next four years.  Whether the victor is incumbent President Goodluck Jonathan or opposition challenger Muhammadu Buhari is entirely for Nigerians to decide
ISIS Video Purports To Show Kurdish Beheadings 
Leaked Report 
How Many Times Has Bibi Backtracked On A Palestinian State? 
5 Facts Obama Must Reconcile on Cuba's Terrorism Designation To sidestep clear legal impediments to remove Cuba from the U.S. list of states sponsoring terrorism would go beyond political embarrassment. It would be an irreparable blow to the credibility of the Administration's foreign-policy leadership.
Lee Kuan Yew's Legacy Say what you will about the type of democracy LKY created, and nurtured, after stepping down as Prime Minister in 1990, the net result is an economic miracle unrivaled in Southeast Asia that has punched way above its weight for decades.
How Uncertainty Fuels Anxiety 
Hollande, Valls, Macron and Article 49-3 France needs a decisive president with a sense of urgency and a capacity for statesmanship. Both require a willingness to be \more confrontational\ at home, as Macron says, and more forceful abroad.
Thomas Friedman 
Controversial French Comic Found Guilty Over Anti-Charlie Hebdo Joke 
Jerked Around After All These Years Netanyahu's position directly opposes the American policy in favor of a two-state solution that has been in place since the Six-Day War of 1967.
President's Popularity Falls To New Low 
Putin's Pipeline Predicament The geoeconomic wrangling over energy in Europe is far from over
Dramatic Video Shows Terrified Visitors Fleeing Tunisia Museum Attack 
Fighting ISIL and Arab Democratization There is a mixed feeling of resignation and fear among the population in the region. This comes as a result of the pressure exercised on the population by the atrocities ISIL exhibited.
Strong Quake Strikes Off Papua New Guinea 
Why Britain Joining China-Led Bank Is a Sign of American Decline SINGAPORE -- The U.S. can no longer dominate world history. A new power has also arrived. The British decision to join the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank was an epochal event. It may have heralded the end of the American century and the arrival of the Asian century.
Why I No Longer Support Israel Israel is facing the same kind of struggle that many other countries have encountered -- between democracy and theocracy. Unfortunately, Israel has recently been headed in the wrong direction.
A New Dark Age? We could be falling into the abyss of a new dark age where nationalism, populism, and xenophobia rules the world order in a sinister combination of fanaticism, ignorance, and anti-science. Unlikely? No. Look to history.
Mother Kidnapped Her Two Dutch Children And Joined ISIS, Prosecutors Claim 
Netanyahu Implores Voters To Prevent A 'Left-Wing' Government In Israel 
Iran and America at Heaven's Gate? Let's get real, as the kids say. If Israel fails to get Washington to go to war with Iran, it will have lost a very big bet. More fantasizing will not get it out of that hole. Some Israelis of high rank recognize that; too many of their American sympathizers do not.
Republicans' Letter to Iran Violates at Least the Spirit of the Constitution Because the Senate does have the chance to vote down a treaty after the pact is signed, the nation's founders certainly did not intend for Senators to try to sabotage ongoing negotiations.
Political Slugfest on Suggestion the White House May Take an Iran Deal to the UN Reports emerged in the American media Thursday that President Obama may propose a resolution to the UN Security Council calling for the lifting of international sanctions on Iran, if an agreement is reached by the \P5+1\ negotiating team over the country's nuclear program.
Massive Rallies Across Brazil In Protest Of The President 
Iraqi Offensive To Take Back Tikrit Stalled For Third Day 
British Teens Suspected Of Trying To Join ISIS Deported From Turkey 
Syria I'm sure most of us can't imagine being uprooted from our homes and forced to flee with only the clothes on our backs. But that's what millions of people face each day. As Syria enters its 5th year of conflict, 3.9 million people have fled Syria to neighboring countries.
WHERE'S VLAD? 
Where In The World Is Vladimir Putin? 
'Monster' Cyclone Leaves Trail Of Devastation In Vanuatu 
Poland's Politics of Dissatisfaction A smaller number of Poles continue to take to the streets or try to organize actions similar to the Solidarity mobilizations of the past. And perhaps the smallest group of all tries to channel that dissatisfaction into advocacy within the system to change the nature of Polish politics.
Los Angeles Conference Confronts BDS Financing and Tactics By coming together, Jewish and Israeli strategists hope to finally get the community on the same page. That page has been ripped from the history books and reprinted as a modern, false narrative; but the text is the same today as it was in the last century.
Netanyahu Offers Finance Ministry To Rival Days Before Election 
Four Years of the Syria Crisis and a Tougher Year Ahead The Syrian conflict, which this month enters its fifth year, shows no sign of easing. Since the start of the crisis in 2011, more than eleven million -- half of the population -- have been forced to flee the fighting and are now displaced inside the country.
What You Need To Know About The Iran Nuclear Negotiations 
With World's Attention Turned To ISIS, The Syrian Regime Ramps Up Bombings On Civilians 
Greek Defense Minister 
Category 5 Cyclone Pummels Pacific Island Nation Of Vanuatu 
Guilt As Destiny Less attention has been paid to the \u00e9migr\u00e9s who worked on behalf of peace and reconciliation in former Yugoslavia. These activists supported peace organizations in the region, helped to spread the word of human rights violations, and worked in large numbers for international organizations, including the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia at The Hague.
Iraqi Kurds Claim To Have Evidence ISIS Used Chemical Weapon 
Report 
ISIS Fighters Clash With Libyan Forces 
Jesse Jackson in Southern Morocco Widely circulating in Morocco via YouTube at the moment is the following video of American civil rights leader Jesse Jackson, president and founder of the Rainbow Push Coalition.
Weekend Roundup TOKYO -- Looking out onto Tokyo's towering neon cityscape, it is difficult to imagine the utter devastation of Japan's capital 70 years ago this week in one of the world's greatest overlooked atrocities -- the unsparing American firebombing that incinerated more people than either of the nuclear attacks on Hiroshima or Nagasaki. In this respect, Japan is a long way from its past.\n\nBut a visit to Tokyo this week by German Chancellor Angela Merkel -- during which she noted how her country had accepted culpability for its WWII fascist aggression in a way that Japan has not -- also highlights how the past still shadows the present -- and the future -- in Asia. (In Europe also the past has returned from another angle as Greece is demanding reparations from Germany). (continued)
ISIS Still On The Attack 
ISIS Leader Accepts Allegiance Of Nigeria's Boko Haram 
Almost Four As long as the fighting continues, refugees will continue to stream out of Syria, and millions will continue to be displaced inside Syria. It's hard to believe the already dire humanitarian crisis could get even worse.
How to Fix Turkey's Fall From International Favor The world wants Turkey to be back on the international trade and regional diplomacy track, but that's only possible if corruption and crackdowns discontinue.  The biggest obstacle, at this point, to a lasting and successful Erdogan presidency is Erdogan himself.
Ban on India's Daughter and Other Documentaries Is Global Censorship Issue Banning media in any form is not just India's problem, it's not just China's or France's. It is a global problem.
Bibi's Main Challenger Widens Lead 
The Carnage Of Barrel Bombs In Syria 
This Controversial Issue Has United Roman Prostitutes And The Catholic Church 
Pakistan's Fight With Extremism Pakistan needs its state capacity to be enhanced because essentially it has a weak state which has not been able to really penetrate into the society. Due to low tax base coupled with bureaucratic incompetence, state has not been able to provide even basic facilities to a large chunk of population.
A Short History Of ISIS Propaganda Videos 
Why We Need Diversity in American Media Diversity isn't about tearing down America's place in the media. It's about making some new ones for some other countries too.
Ireland Just Accidentally Legalized Crystal Meth And Ecstasy 
The ICC and the Situation in Honduras If the Honduran judicial system is not seriously amended, and human rights matters are not addressed properly by the State, more abuses will continue to be committed with impunity.
White House Needs to Support Egypt and Jordan With a Consistent Anti-Terrorism Strategy Some critics claim that the reason for President Obama's reluctance to support Egypt's fight against terrorism is that Washington does not want to reward a dictator that stifles freedom at home. However, this is a weak argument that could easily be applied to Jordan.
Is Democracy Sick? Democracy is based on the premise that all people are equal and all have the right to vote and whoever gets the most votes wins. But what happens if the politicians, in order to get elected, make promises which are disastrous for the country?
Poll 
Allies 
Merkel Reminds Japan To Confront Its Wartime Past 
French Parliament Debates 'Deep Sleep' Bill For End Of Life 
Mr. Xi Goes to Washington The recent announcement in Washington and Beijing that Chinese President Xi Jinping will pay a state visit to the United States in September underscores the continuing momentum in the improvement of bilateral relations since the landmark U.S.-China climate agreement reached in Beijing last November. In the months leading to President Xi's U.S. visit, however, both countries will need to work hard to create favorable conditions for a productive summit.
Boris Nemtsov -- Another Russian Is Dead The killing of Nemtsov successfully eliminates the most worrisome gnats buzzing Putin in recent years.
2 Men Charged With Involvement In Murder Of Russian Opposition Figure 
The Failure of Nationalist Politics in Romania The European financial crisis certainly prepared the ground for the growth of nationalist parties throughout the continent. Cluj, a large city in the Transylvanian region of Romania that has an ethnic Romanian majority, is a good illustration of the limits of nationalist politics.
Judge 
Report 
Cubans Demand a Direct and Secret Ballot to Elect Their President Among the notable absences in the discussion, however, was the ban on candidates putting forth a program, which means the voters mark their ballots based on a biography, rather than on the proposals of their future representative.
POLL 
Boko Haram Pledges Allegiance To ISIS In Audio Message 
Welcome to Ukraine In the wake of revolution and the midst of war, Ukrainian politics is becoming increasingly more volatile. Intent on proving their anti-establishment bona fides, public figures are turning to firebrand populism in an effort to bolster their own \authenticity\ and folksiness.
Egypt Executes First Islamist Over Pro-Morsi Violence 
Viral Anti-Pollution Film Disappears From China's Web 
Officials 
Israel Palestine The only possible solution to the problem of Israel and Palestine, it is generally assumed, is to recognize the two peoples and divide the land between them. The only question, it appears, is where to draw the line and what happens to people who end up on the wrong side.
Step by Step 
Russia's Investigation Of Opposition Murders Does Not Bode Well For Nemtsov Case 
Political Pardons Would Damage the Legacy of South Africa's Truth and Reconciliation Commission President Zuma should make the climb to the moral high ground currently occupied by the victims. From there he may see more clearly the values that are needed to build the nation.
Kurdistan Kobane should remind us all of the danger that ISIL poses to the entire civilized world. We owe it to the people of that city, and the courageous efforts of the Kurdish Peshmerga who freed it, to ensure that they are receiving as much support as we can offer.
The Philippines Has Come Such a Long Way President Aquino has demonstrated that it is possible to be part of political dynasty yet be focused on the common good, and achieve enough in a single term of office to transform the country from the sick man of Asia to one of its leading economies.
New Snowden Revelation Could Spark Turmoil Among Nations 
Why We Have to #Get2Equal Countries that have invested in girls' education and removed legal barriers that prevent women from achieving their potential are now seeing the benefits. But for countries to leave poverty behind, both men and women need to get to equal and push the frontiers of equal opportunities even further. To get there, we need to tackle three issues.
Russia Holds Large-Scale Military Exercises In Disputed Territories 
ISIS Burns Oil Field East Of Tikrit In Defensive Maneuver, Witness Says 
India Asks YouTube To Remove Delhi Rape Documentary 
Afghan Men Don Burqas And March For Women's Rights 
The Ebola Plague During the height of the Ebola panic, nurse Kacie Hickox, who cared for Ebola victims in Sierra Leone, was forcibly quarantined in New Jersey on her return to the United States. Said a friend and former classmate, \She's really concerned about her colleagues coming back to the U.S. after her.\
No Justice. No Truth. No Reparations. There is no excuse for courts to fail the victims of sexual violence. As Physicians for Human Rights has demonstrated in its work in eastern Congo, doctors, nurses, police investigators, prosecutors, and judges can work together to support evidence-based prosecutions for crimes of sexual violence. The ICC should know better. The ICC should do better.
Israel and Palestine \I am all for a renewal of Israeli-Palestinian negotiations,\ said DD, the imaginary Israeli Defense Dove, when she contacted me again.
Broadening the Spectrum for Engaging North Korea The first step towards a new evolution in our interactions with North Korea is to appreciate the perspectives that each of the nations engaged in the Six Party Talks has on the challenges which North Korea presents, and the varying ways that each reacts to them.
Why Japan Does Not Have America's Super-Rich Problem TOKYO - Herein lies the unique twist that Piketty's theory takes on in Japan
Dissident Chinese Artist Escapes to Alcatraz 
Get to Know Your Dragon In spite of the fact that most Americans now see China as the next superpower, we know little about the Chinese. The time has come to get to know your dragon.
Artificial Intelligence Technology Is 'Breaking Out of the Box' \The exponential improvement in the elements of computing is not about to run out of gas. We've got generations more of it to go. Geeks out there are going to take that computational power and that ocean of data and do things that astonish us.\
Jihadi John 
Vietnam, Revisited Fifty years ago America's leaders told us that if we lost Saigon it would be just the first domino to tip over as the juggernaut of International Communism smashed through the defenses of Capitalism. Now I am back, for the first time.
Nemtsov Assassination Nemtsov Assassination
Incredible Photos And Video Capture Moscow's Massive March For Slain Putin Critic 
A Growing Rift Between Washington and the Gulf States on Yemen Activity intensified over the past week at the United Nations with respect to the deteriorating situation in Yemen -- amid further evidence of a rift over the country's future between Washington and its traditional Gulf allies.
Venezuela President Cracks Down On American Visitors Over Alleged Espionage 
Netanyahu Takes Campaign Against Iran Deal To Jerusalem Holy Site 
Looking Back at Tsipras's Lost Opportunities and Forward to Greece's Future Europe, now more than ever, needs a persuasive alternative to counter the German insistence on austerity. Instead, Tsipras decided to partake in some shadowboxing for the viewing pleasure of the Greek public.
Ukraine In the midst of war and heightened nationalism in Ukraine, many demonstrators who participated in protests at Maidan Square just one year ago are gripped with a profound sense of shock and wonder what has happened to their country.
'Netanyahu Has Caused Israel The Most Strategic Damage On Iran' 
Greece Accuses Spain, Portugal Of Conspiring To Topple Anti-Austerity Government 
U.S. Seeks To Deport Bosnians Over War Crimes 
Ukraine's President Says Russian Opposition Leader's Murder Linked To Separatist War 
Stunned Russians Mourn Murdered Kremlin Critic 
Mugabe Celebrates 91st Birthday At $1 Million Party 
Russian Opposition Leaders Hold Kremlin Accountable For Nemtsov Slaying 
The Rugby-Loving U.S. Consul in St. \u00c9tienne William Henry Hunt, president of Racing Club St\u00e9phanois, bid adieu to his rugby players as they departed St. \u00c9tienne for the battlefields of northern France a century ago. He did not see most of them again as so many perished in the Great War's carnage.
North Korea 
Ukraine Hyperinflates Since the New Year, Ukraine's currency -- the hryvnia -- has collapsed, losing 51 percent of its value against the U.S. dollar. To put this rout into perspective, consider that the Russian ruble has only lost 8 percent against the greenback during the same period.
Why Peace In Ukraine Must Be Seen To Be Believed 
7 Reasons the U.S. Should Stay Out of the Ukraine-Russia Fight Only a negotiated settlement, no matter how unsatisfying, offers the possibility of a stable resolution of the ongoing conflict. Indeed, the alternative may be the collapse of the Ukrainian state and long-term confrontation between the West and Russia, at great cost to all sides.
The Middle East Conflict Washington continues to disagree with its regional allies on how to proceed in Syria. Although Washington is leading the campaign against ISIS, it does not seem fully committed to the task.
Are Mega-Trade Agreements a Threat to Brazil? Brazil might well review its prevailing trade negotiation strategy where efforts have focused on the multilateral track. Bilateral trade agendas with both U.S. and EU may become a way to mitigate the negative potential impacts of TTIP and TTP.
For a Call From Manila The Philippines and the rest of the world will have to continue up-skilling on disaster risk management for many years to come. Climate change is happening but risk change has already happened, and we have to understand and manage it.
'Germany Is Out of the Danger Business' The reason Putin has been able to consistently wrong-foot the European allies in the negotiations over Ukraine is that he holds all the major cards. This would not necessarily be the case if a military parity between Russia and Western Europe were to come about.
Austerity, A New Weaselword The financial press has become inundated with the word \austerity.\ Since Greece's left-wing Syriza proclaimed an \anti-austerity revolution,\ strong adjectives, like \incredibly savage,\ precede that overused word.
How Your Smartphone Will Radically Change Your Health Care This new \bottom-up medicine\ forever changes the patient-doctor relationship to a partnership on equal footing.
These Photos Show Vanishing Worlds Behind Cambodia's Rapid Development 
American Jews Worry That Netanyahu's Speech Here Can Hurt Israel While few American Jewish leaders will speak openly on the subject, many thoughtful Jews are worried that Prime Minister Netanyahu's planned speech in the House of Representatives on March 3rd will actually harm Israel's security interests rather than help them.
Huangpu Park, Opium Wars and Information in the Digital Age As the balance of world power is shifting, news delivery is also shifting. Those shifts, in tandem, will inform the shape and flavor of the future. And they're just a few keystrokes away, starting now.
45 Images of Life on Earth 
Broadening the Spectrum for Engaging North Korea The true lesson of the recent uptick in tensions is not that we should increase pressures on Pyongyang, but rather that we have to move beyond the current approach to engagement with North Korea.
Withholding Child Abuse Emails Further Damages Tarnished Telegraph The Telegraph might be withholding emails related to a ridiculous smear campaign to label Labour politicians as pedophiles
Syriza's First 'Defeat' -- What Does It Mean? For the moment what matters for the vast majority of Greek people is that for the first time they feel they have a government which, despite its compromises, has proved that it made its best effort to bring Europe back to the table for a fair and equal negotiation about the terms of the Greek bailout program.
Aviation Expert Explains Wild MH370 Theory 
Danish Ambassador to Israel Exposes Middle East Double Standard A concern for justice and humanity that focuses selectively on victims and perpetrators is deeply flawed. It is time for Israel demonizers to recognize their double standard and move beyond it.
Robert Mugabe This year, as in years past, the tyrannical Mugabe will shower himself with praise and luxury. There will be an elaborate and lavish affair in his honor.  The price tag for his birthday party has been announced to be $1 million. And if that weren't offensive enough on its own, his cronies are demanding that ordinary Zimbabweans foot the bill.
At Least Two Killed In Blast At Peace March In Ukraine 
New Netanyahu Ad Likens PM To David Ben-Gurion 
REPORTS 
Mayor Of Jerusalem Tackles Attacker In The Street 
New ISIS Video Allegedly Shows Peshmerga Fighters In Cages 
ISIS Militants Claim Attacks On Iranian Ambassador's Residence In Libya 
Young Girl Bomber Kills At Least 5, Wounds Dozens In Nigeria 
Ukraine Says It Will Start Pulling Back Heavy Weapons 
Have We Got ISIS All Wrong? 
How Egypt Is Harming, Not Helping, The ISIS Fight 
Massive Fire Engulfs Dubai Residential Skyscraper 
Maduro Does Not Know How to Govern All this to hide that he doesn't know how to govern and can only imitate the dismal model he's inherited from his mentors of the Plaza of the Revolution. The result is a bad copy of the Cuban model, a crude replica in which ideology has ceded its entire terrain to the ravings of a man.
From Megawatts to Gigawatts -- India's Swach Shakti Moment So India can have its Swach Shakti moment, its gigawatts of solar and wind, its high performance urban development, its inclusive, low-carbon growth. But there are two major threats.
Your Life, Your Climate Agreement Global action is woven by local commitment. It is the only way we can ensure that we can all keep waking up in a world where we can safely build our lives
Afghan Bank Staff Rob Their Own Bank And Flee 
Conspiracy Charges Against Venezuelan President's Foe Condemned As 'Unfounded' 
Netanyahu Owes a Hearty Thanks to ISIS The general climate of fear and hopelessness concerning developments in the Middle East serves Netanyahu, the master of fear, phenomenally well. And the center-left has not had the energy and the political will to come up with alternatives that would require creative thinking.
Officials 
Can Ukraine Gnaw Its Way Out of Trouble? Whether this ceasefire or some future one proves durable, Ukraine must eventually make some very difficult decisions concerning its future. Above all, it must figure out a way of exiting the steel trap that has clamped down on its nether regions. The Crimean peninsula has already been sliced off. Should Ukraine sever another one of its own limbs in order to survive?
What's Next for ISIS? Late last month, ISIS was driven out of the Syrian city of Kobani, thanks to over 100 days of US-led airstrikes and the actions of Kurdish fighters. But this could also be bad news for other parts of the country and potential targets abroad, as this Sunni extremist organization reorients its focus. What can we expect of ISIS in the coming months?
Four Ways America Can De-escalate the Crisis in Yemen U.S. national interest is definitely at stake in the direction events in Yemen take over the next few months.
Who's Extorting Whom? It's All About Coercion The Economist's Feb. 6 cover displayed the Venus de Milo statue pointing a revolver, with the headline \Go ahead, Angela, make my day.\ In the editors' upside-down world, Greece is threatening Europe, or at least Germany. Really?
Dr. Krugman Meets Dr. Fox Dr. Paul Krugman, the hyper-productive New York Times columnist and Nobel laureate, has produced a flood of fiscal factoids. He argues that the only way to put the major economies around the world back on track is to \stimulate\ them via deficit-financed government spending.
On Greece People keep asking me what I think about Europe's most recent crisis (read
Recreating Central Europe In an interview in Warsaw in August 2013, Dariusz Kalan, a Central Europe expert with the Polish Institute for International Affairs (PISM), talked about Poland's attempt to represent the region in European bodies, why young people are leaning toward conservative movements, and how Central Europe views Russia.
How to Deal With the Islamic State? Arm the Kurds I believe that there is no better choice than to help the Kurds help us vanquish the unparalleled barbarity of the beheaders of the Islamic State. So, yes, weapons. An alliance without reservations or hidden agendas. Perhaps even a major \Erbil conference.\
PM 
Dear Troika The most consequential decision of your careers could be the pending economic assistance agreement with the Government of Greece. This letter contains important information about the Greek people that is critical to your decision but has been buried by inaccurate media reporting.
Brian Williams, Truth, and Tanzania Like it or not, lying serves an important function. It's the glue that holds society together.  It sustains careers, keeps marriages intact, fuels wars, sells billions of dollars of goods, and spares the more sensitive among us the devastating hurt that often accompanies the awful truth.
Diversity Education to Promote Tolerance While privileged and generally very expensive schools around the globe bank on diversity through both their internationally recognized curriculums and extracurricular activities like Model United Nations, the accessibility to such resources lacks in mainstream schools in most countries.
Terrorist Killings Illustrate Why Japan Must Join the World and Defend Itself The tragic killing of the two hostages reinforced domestic concerns over Japanese rearmament. If they want to reinforce their (recent) pacifist heritage, so be it. But they should not then expect Washington to protect them.  Serious countries defend themselves. They don't turn their futures over to other nations to save a little money.
Je Ne Suis Pas Charlie Hebdo The Copenhagen killings are reviving the Charlie Hebdo experience. The dramatic video, the bloodied office, the manhunt, the hostages, the outrage, the marches, the ubiquitous Je Suis Charlie placards. And then the politicians' pledges, the analysis, the endless commentaries.
Egypt Vows Revenge After Islamic State Kills 21 Egyptians Christians In Libya 
Welcome to Ukraine For Ukrainians, corruption is one of the most pressing problems facing society today.  According to the Economist, \weak institutions, low morale, and an underdeveloped sense of public service have made everyone liable to corruption over Ukraine's entire post-Soviet history.\
Israel Eyes European Jewish Immigration After Denmark Attack 
Japan's Economy Emerges From Recession, Growth Weaker Than Forecast 
BiBi Netanyahu The only word for it is chutzpah
Shooting At Copenhagen Synagogue Leaves 1 Dead, 2 Officers Wounded 
Westerners Join Iraqi Christian Militia To Fight ISIS 
Reinventing Republicanism in Poland Poland has never been a particularly liberal country. In other words, its political culture has not focused on the individual or individual rights. Consider the great confrontation of the 1980s
Soccer Deaths Renews Spotlight on Egypt's Notorious Security Forces A stampede at a Cairo stadium earlier this month, much like a politically-loaded soccer brawl in the Suez Canal city of Port Said three years ago, is shining a spotlight on Egypt's unreformed, unabashedly violent, and politically powerful police and security forces amid confusion over what precisely happened and how many fans died.
Ukraine Rebels Disavow Ceasefire At Encircled Town 
Greece Confident Of Agreement Ahead Of Eurozone Negotiations 
Kurds Clash With Turkish Police While Calling For Release Of PKK Leader 
Female Suicide Bomber Kills At Least 10 In Nigerian Bus Station 
Danish Police Shoot And Kill Man After Copenhagen Attack 
UN Council Set To Demand Houthis Withdraw, End Yemen Violence 
Copenhagen Shooting Suspect Was Danish-Born 22-Year-Old Known To Police 
Frantic Intrigue of King Abdullah's Last Hours The story of the court intrigues in Abdullah's last days, and the leaked recordings which have come out since then, show something that was not immediately apparent in June 2013, when Egypt's first elected president Mohammed Morsi was overthrown by his army, after mass demonstrations against his rule.
After Copenhagen, What Next for Europe? Even so, I desperately want to believe that Europe, with all its dazzling achievements since the end of World War II, can still strengthen its resolve, stiffen its spine, and fully understand the stakes involved, however late in the day it is. Here is what I wish would happen now.
ISIS Releases Video Purporting To Show Beheading Of 21 Egyptian Christians In Libya 
'We've Got To Give Migrants The Same Attention We Give All Sorts Of Other Issues' 
Houthi Gunmen Fire On Crowds Protesting Their Rule In Yemen 
REPORT 
Croatia Strong rule of law nations must urgently address transnational organized crime in the Balkan region's mafia states including Croatia, and, help establish the rule of law and independent judiciary.
At Least 16 Dead After Train Crashes Into Bus In Mexico 
In the Internet We Trust Rationally speaking, there is a possibility of reaching a compromise around a new social contract for a trusted Internet. We should be cautiously optimistic, since politics (especially global politics), like trust (and global trust), are not necessarily rational.
About 700 Migrants Rescued Off Coast Of Libya 
I Used to Be a Muslim Fundamentalist. Here Is My Story. Ever since the Boston marathon bombings, the question I hear most often is \why would a Western-educated individual become so radicalized?\ While everyone's path is unique, I wanted to share my journey, albeit from a female perspective, to help make sense of what has led -- for some -- to senseless acts of violence.
Alone On Valentine's Day? South Korea Has A Holiday Just For You 
Why The Coming Election Could Deepen Nigeria's Divisions 
Weekend Roundup The whole idea of European integration was to anchor Germany in Europe to avoid another world war and to spread prosperity across the continent with a single market and common currency. Russia agreed to German unification after the Cold War in exchange for the West not absorbing Europe's eastern frontier into its sphere of influence. \n\nNow democratically elected governments in Athens and Kiev -- and the responses in Berlin and Moscow -- are challenging both post-Cold War arrangements. Angela Merkel, as chancellor of Europe's unrivaled power, has become, for better and worse, the crisis manager in the middle. (continued)
Looking Beyond the Crisis In Europe, as in the BRICS and other countries that experienced rapid growth during the expansive phase of the cycle, we are now in the phase when the down side of the curve teems with uncertainties that discourage decisions to invest.
U.S. Steps Up Afghanistan Attacks After Seizing Laptop From Qaeda Leader 
Greek PM Tsipras Lays Out His Case As The Clock Ticks On An EU Bailout 
Niger Forces Claim To Have Killed 260 Boko Haram Militants Since Feb. 6 
Languages Are Mostly Made Of Happy Words 
Colombia In December 2014, the Office of the Prosecutor (OTP) of the International Criminal Court (ICC) published its annual Report on Preliminary Examination Activities. This report includes information on Colombia and Honduras, among others
Instead of Seeking Revenge, We Must Fight ISIS by Advancing Ideologies of Human Solidarity The sensationalist tendencies of our contemporary global media have offered an ideal echo chamber for the warped and corrupt ideologies of these militant groups. We must better utilize this echo chamber to put forth convincing ideologies that strengthen the possibility for human solidarity.
A Bridge Too Far Russia and Iran are in bed together and keep hammering away at the same theme--America is the enemy. America and NATO cannot afford to cede Ukraine to Russia and also cannot tolerate a nuclear armed Iran exporting terror around the globe.
Saudi Historian 
Malaysian Opposition Leader Sentenced To 5 Years In Prison For Sodomy 
Why Greece's Call for WWII Reparations From Germany Is a Very Bad Idea No responsible leader worthy of the title should take the risk of threatening the peace which has reigned since the end of the Second World War.
Former Rapper Named On Terrorist List For Islamic State Connection 
How to Understand and Fight ISIS The US still is committed not to engage in a ground campaign, and so long as that is the case, ISIS gets an extended lease of life which they do not deserve to have. We are in for a prolonged battle, one that can still be shortened.
How Purpose Can Regain Trust For many of us who attended this year's World Economic Forum, the issue of trust dominated much of the discussion. Despite the improving global economy, trust in global institutions among the world's population is at an all-time low.
All We Are Saying, Is Give Greece a Chance The Greek people voted overwhelmingly for a new start. But Prime Minister Tsipras cannot deliver that new start alone. He needs help from World leaders and Europe's other leaders and the involved Eurozone officials, easing up the strict -- non-workable rules imposed -- on the Greek people.
The Many Faces of Abdel Fattah al-Sisi Coming just weeks before an international donors conference in which Gulf States are expected to cough up billions of dollars more, the alleged Sisi leaks are timely. They show him diverting money meant for the reconstruction of the state into the Egyptian Army's coffers. And they beg the question
Greece's New Prime Minister Rejects Bailout, Setting Up Clash With The EU 
Australia's PM Survives Internal Challenge To His Leadership 
Drones for Good One of the highlights of last year's Government Summit, an annual international forum held in Dubai designed to help shape the future of governments, was the announcement that the UAE was set to introduce drones to help deliver ID cards, driving licenses and other permits to its residents.
Jordan Says It Conducted 56 Air Raids In Three Days Against ISIS 
Greek Leader To Reject Austerity, Lay Out Hard Leftist Program 
Deadly Bombing In Niger Market After Boko Haram Attack 
Anguish in Argentina After Prosecutor's Mysterious Death 
Less Than Half Of The Money Pledged To Fight Ebola Reached Affected Countries 
Weekend Roundup The savagery of the Islamic State taunted the world once again this week, striking out at both geopolitically toothless Japan and the tribal kingdom of Jordan. Islamic State fighters beheaded the journalist Kenji Goto and revealed that, in an act of unfathomable cruelty, they had burned alive a captured Jordanian pilot.\n\nLast week Japan's former defense chief Yuriko Koike wrote from Tokyo that Japan's constitutional restrictions on using force have prevented it from taking action against ISIS, and argues that that must change. Writing from Beirut, Jordanian analyst Rami Khouri has political misgivings about official support across the Arab world for the anti-ISIS coalition when the public is not consulted. From Amman, WorldPost Middle East Correspondent Sophia Jones reports both on the massive protests against ISIS and on the undercurrent of opposition in Jordan that believes the fight against ISIS \is not our war.\ (continued)
Nigeria Postpones Elections, Citing Boko Haram Violence 
Iran Warns Pragmatist President Could Fall If Nuke Talks Fail 
Jordan Bombs More ISIS Targets In Retaliation For Pilot's Death 
Europe And U.S. Clash Over How To Confront Putin On Ukraine 
Bright Orange Jumpsuit -- An Emblem of Cruelty The bright orange jumpsuit is an authentic piece of evidence to demonstrate that the human species is going bonkers. Rule of law, constitutional rights, mercy, and forgiveness are no longer the prime values.
ISIS Claims Female American Hostage Was Killed In Jordanian Airstrike 
Tania Bruguera Trapped by Cuban justice since last December 30, when she was arrested during her performance #YoTambienExijo (I Too Demand), the artist remains in Havana hoping to resolve her legal situation. We talked with her about this, her artivism, and the future of Cuba.
How Ancient Chinese Thought Applies Today In the absence of a common narrative shared by the U.S. and China, the two nations are likely to drift more rapidly apart. The relationship needs a new strategic concept for the future that is capable of sufficiently embracing both American and Chinese realities, as well as areas of potential common endeavor for the future, and to do so in language which is comprehensible and meaningful in both capitals. Trust builds on itself just as distrust builds on itself as well, compounding into deep enmity over time.
Al Qaeda In Yemen Says Senior Member Killed By U.S. Airstrike 
How Real Are Facebook Friendships? 
Charlie-Hebdo, France's Secularism, Islam, and Us All From now on, what will be at stake is no longer our future ability as Westerners to coexist on a planet scale with the \Muslim other\ after the question of \why do they hate us,\ but rather our ability, and without too much compromise on mutual ethos, to live together within Western societies for the century or more to come.
The Familiar Yet 'Forgotten' Tragedy of Hama On February 2, 1982, Syrian troops -- acting under the orders of then-President Hafez al-Assad and led by his brother, Rifaat al-Assad -- besieged the city of Hama in an effort to quell an anti-government uprising by the Muslim Brotherhood.
A Rendezvous With History Despite drastically different duties and daily lives following the war's outbreak, American diplomats, reporters, and civilians in France recorded their rendez-vous with history and their reactions.
Journey to One Korea, One Korea Night The success of these initiatives will shore up our efforts to bring about North Korea's change. Already, we have seen the wind of change sweep through other regions, opening up countries like Myanmar and Cuba. So, we are working with many partners so that the wind of change will come to the shores of North Korea.
The Long Judicial Arm of the Honduran Coup Rather than reward the dangerous Hern\u00e1ndez regime for subverting the rule of law and punishing those who uphold it, the United States should publicly and forcefully demand the immediate reinstatement of the four judges as a baby step toward restoring judicial independence in Honduras.
China's Rise to Global Economic Superpower The IMF, the most prestigious international financial institution in the world, has rated China's ranking to number one economic superpower in the world -- surpassing those of the United States.
Is Ukraine Fascist? Ukraine ousted Yanukovych in order to avoid becoming fully authoritarian. The war Putin unleashed against Ukraine is his way of telling Ukraine that fascism and democracy are incompatible.
Breasts on Facebook In real life, I was able to appeal this decision, but with you, we cannot click on an \appeal\ tab. And since I am a feminist, I cannot stop myself from noticing male chests circulating all over your site without consequence and receive your narrow-minded precepts like a discriminatory slap in the face. Is Facebook chauvinistic?
Why Pope Francis Is Very Much Like St. Francis In the conclave, Pope Francis touched on the early church fathers' sense of the mysterium lunae. The mystery of the moon is that it has no light of its own; it only reflects the light of the sun. He said the church should not mistake itself for the sun. It has instead the mystery of the moon. It must remember that it only shines by reflecting the light of the divine.
Prepare to Be Disrupted The WorldPost Future Series is a set of conferences that will explore the social and economic transformation fostered by rapid technological advance -- and how these tumultuous changes will impact daily life in our communities, our families and in the workplace.
Israel We will all become closer to achieving peace - as Israelis, Palestinians or concerned members of the international community - if we refrain from intransigence and instead take all perspectives into account.
It's Time To Provide Weapons to Ukraine Sure, it may not work; the policy may backfire, the Ukrainian army may not be able to use the weapons effectively or they may lose some to the rebels. Putin may even decide to escalate. But guess what? Putin is already escalating.
What Will We Do With Cubans' Overflowing Hopes? The announcement of the restoration of relations between Cuba and the United States has provoked a resurgence in this country of a feeling lost for decades
China's Communist Party Bans Believers 
The African Union Gets a Backward Leader Robert Mugabe continues to destroy Zimbabwe, and now he's got a bigger sandbox to play in. The oldest and longest serving leader in Africa has taken the helm of the African Union (AU), as well as the leadership of the Southern African Development Community. He will pilot the AU for the next year.
In the Wake of Charlie Hebdo Attacks, France Must Look Beyond 9/11 Response What French policymakers and legislators need to be discussing is marginalization of Muslims in France, education, housing, particularly in the suburbs, rental discrimination, and true political participation and repect in the public and private sphere.
Israelpolitik, the Neocons and the Long Shadow of the Iraq War The Road to Iraq is a work of tremendous intellectual diligence and moral seriousness.
Not In Our Name As was the case in 1996, this policy of appeasement had dire consequences for the democratic opposition in Cuba, which suffered several setbacks over the next four years.
Obama Talked, Did Congress Listen? This was a frequent question among Cubans the morning after Barack Obama delivered his State of the Union address.
The Accidental Activist I didn't have a chance to interview Munteanu in 1990 when I was in Romania because he was still in detention. But I met him last year for a conversation in Bucharest. I was surprised to discover that the activist who had captivated huge audiences of protestors for weeks at a time in 1990 never particularly relished that role.
South Sudan President And Rebel Leader Sign 'Power Sharing' Deal 
Boost Japan's Soft Power Weeping mothers are not usually embroiled in international crisis, nor are they typical foreign policy advisers. But now is the time for the Shinzo Abe government to listen to Mrs. Ishido.  Less political outrage, more national contemplation.
Weekend Roundup No sooner did the global elites leave their annual talking shop high in the Alps at Davos last week than the people spoke in Greece. In a mutiny against an untenable status quo, those who are run over have revolted against those who run things. Now righteous populism must face economic, financial and political realities if other European states don't bend Greece's way.\n\nTo keep up with the drama as it evolves over the coming weeks, we've connected WorldPost readers directly to the daily blog of Yanis Varoufakis, the self-described \erratic Marxist\ who is now Greece's finance minister. Writing from Athens, HuffPost Greece Editorial Director Sophia Papaioannou says Alexis Tsipras' electoral victory will give suffering Greeks \space and time\ to address their predicament. Former Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou argues that the path forward after the election is for a national referendum on a \Greek plan\ for reform that will bind a now polarized nation. Rena Dourou, a deputy of the victorious Syriza party, notes that the vote was as much against the corruption of the formerly ruling political parties in Greece as it was against austerity. (continued)
CIA And Mossad Killed Senior Hezbollah Figure In Car Bombing 
ISIS Video Shows Purported Execution Of Japanese Hostage 
Kurds Recapture Oil Facility In Northern Iraq From ISIS 
Last Person To See Slain Argentinian Prosecutor Alive Speaks Out 
Tens Of Thousands Rally For Spanish Anti-Austerity Party 
Housing Is for All Balint Misetics and I talked about his views on militancy, how homeless activism connects to other political struggles in Hungary today, and why this kind of work can be traumatic over the long run.
REPORT 
Greece Seeks To Reassure Europe As Tensions Rise 
Could The New Syriza Government Be Good For Greece's Economy? 
China Nears Peak Coal, But Its Rustbelt Pays the Price 
Japan, Jordan Seek News On Fate Of ISIS Hostages 
Putin's Former Judo Partner To Build Russian Bridge To Crimea 
Escalation of Tensions Since any military retaliation from Hezbollah, leading to a wider conflict with Israel, will pull Iran in as well, Iranian leaders are more likely to caution Hezbollah about using any tactics or strategy that might bring about a war.
Let's Collect the Data, Pack and Go! Practicing a decolonized archaeology starts with the very simple everyday practices that eventually make up these structures. Just as these practices contribute to the formation of these structures, simple changes in them can alter the broader structures.
Britain Marks 50th Anniversary Of Churchill's Funeral 
The Slaying of the Saudi Spider The palace coup is complete. In a far-reaching decree on Thursday night, the new Saudi king Salman unraveled the legacy of his half-brother Abdullah and set the kingdom on course for a significant regional realignment.
The Relationship With Saudi Arabia Is the Starting Point for U.S. Long-term Interests There are many reasons behind the scramble by the United States, both at the level of the executive branch and the legislative branch, to affirm to Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz that Washington is determined to maintain and develop the historical relationship between the two countries.
Dear Pope Francis Planning and preventing pregnancy is not only a personal choice; it's a human right that saves lives, combats poverty, and helps to close the inequality gap. But more than that it's a crucial requirement for slowing population growth and, in turn, saving the planet from its greatest threat--climate change.
The Unsolved Terror Attack At The Center Of Argentina's Political Crisis 
Nigeria's Time of Uncertainty With the presidential election looming on February 14, Nigeria is at a crossroads.
The Great Game The Middle East remains a powder keg with most regional actors balancing precariously upon a tightrope. The danger of a misstep that could plunge the region into a new war is ever present and unfortunately, nothing suggests that trajectory will change anytime soon.
The Technology That Unmasks Your Hidden Emotions 
When Politicians Struggle to Find a Pathway to Peace, Business Must Step It Up The role that private sector can play must not be underestimated, and there are a few areas where the global business community could act now.
Co-Pilot Was Flying AirAsia Jet At The Time Of Crash, Investigators Say 
WHO 
What's Next for Sri Lanka's Mahinda Rajapaksa? Corruption and coup allegations coupled with the fact that Rajapaksa no longer heads the Sri Lanka Freedom Party makes a comeback very difficult, but ruling it out completely seems premature.
Disappearance Of Malaysia Airlines Flight #370 Declared An 'Accident' 
11 Striking Photos From Kobani After Kurdish Forces Claim Victory Over ISIS 
Hostage Crisis Shows How Japan Fails to Protect Its Citizens -- And What It's Doing About It TOKYO -- It is unacceptable for a government to be unable to protect its own citizens. That is why Abe is determined to amend, or at least reinterpret, Japan's constitution to allow for the kinds of defense maneuvers that other countries, from Israel to India, employ when their people are threatened. As U.S. Supreme Court Justice Robert Jackson once put it, a constitution is not a suicide pact.
Murdering Freedom of Speech Freedom of speech might be integral to the hard-won flowering of modern freedoms valued in the West, but its fragile bloom has faded and could die without proper tending by courageous politicians and media working in a global partnership to oppose Islamism and the Zeitgeist of political correctness.
The Netanyahu Disaster 
Europe's Populism and Greece's Far-Left Victory Although Syriza's victory in Greece's election will inspire leftists and galvanize populist parties throughout Europe, the magnitude of its triumph is unlikely to be replicated or cause an enduring chain reaction across the European Union (EU).
What We Learned From Auschwitz The 70th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz, which will be marked January 27 on International Holocaust Remembrance Day, comes at a time when some are asking
Saudi Myths Many are voicing surprise at the comments of IMF head Christine Lagarde following the death of the Saudi monarch. We see here the emptiness of a shallow diversity that seeks to put a woman in a prominent position while maintaining incredibly oppressive power dynamics.
At Least 17 Killed In Protests On Anniversary Of Egypt Uprising 
A Note on Greek Elections and Our New Movement (KINIMA) As Greeks head to the polls today, I would like to share some of my thoughts with you on the current political situation and my decision to create a new party, the Movement of Democratic Socialists.
Genocide, 100 Years Ago, Still Goes On? Every time a Turk tells me they have not heard of Assyrians it feels like a punch in my stomach, like if the perpetrators succeeded with Sefyo, at least with some of it.\u00a0Part of the plan was to wipe us out of the history books so that people would never know about our existence.
Anti-Bailout Syriza Party Wins Greek Election By Wide Margin, Officials Say 
Refugees In Iraqi Camps Face Harrowing Winter 
Alleged ISIS Video Claims Japanese Hostage Was Executed, Issues New Demand For Second 
Bitter Anniversary for Egyptian Women For many women in Egypt, this Sunday will bring back particularly bitter memories -- of a brief moment when it seemed that a better future was finally within reach. Women stood alongside men throughout the 2011 uprising. However, in the years since they have faced a rising tide of violence and discrimination. And nowhere is safe.
HuffPost Exclusive 
Bombing Civilian Hospitals If we want moral clarity in understanding the Khartoum -- as opposed to the political \complexities\ adduced whenever the regime is the subject -- then let us look to Frandala.  This deliberate bombing attack on an MSF hospital, by an advanced military jet aircraft, is the very face of the Khartoum regime.
Record Crowds Protest Against Houthi Rebels In Yemen 
Renewed U.S.-Cuba Relations Heberprot-P is proof that the U.S. embargo, still to be lifted by an act of Congress, isn't just hurting Cubans. American lives and limbs are also, quite literally, at stake.
Chartering the 90 Miles I've wanted to re-establish diplomatic relations between the U.S. and Cuba since I was 10 years old. (But I'm glad that President Obama is beating me to it.)
Fighting In Ukraine Surges To Worst Level In Months 
Is Japan Becoming Expansionist? The majority of Japanese citizens are proud of what we have achieved over the last 70 years. No, we will never become expansionists again, never.
Weekend Roundup The WorldPost was launched one year ago in Davos. It was born out of a contradiction and a paradox. \n\nThe contradiction is that while the world is growing more interdependent, the media is fragmenting -- re-nationalizing, re-localizing and even tribalizing. The resulting paradox is that the information age is becoming the age of non-communication across boundaries -- political, cultural and ideological.\n\nThe aim of The WorldPost is to help bridge this growing chasm by becoming a platform where the whole world meets; a common zone where cross-pollination of ideas and perspectives from all corners of the planet can take place.\n\nTo achieve this aim, The WorldPost strives for a global viewpoint looking around, not a national perspective looking out. Along with intelligent curation of the global news and original reportage, what distinguishes us, above all, are the first person global voices of our contributors. Every week, they weigh in as events break from Havana to Beijing, from Moscow to Mexico City, Paris, New Delhi and Abuja among so many other places.\n\nThe WorldPost seems to have met an outstanding need. Thanks to you, one year later we have reached 28 million monthly views. We've shown that the message can catch up to the medium if we put our minds to it. (continued)
Challenging the Warsaw Pact From Within One of our important activities was the seminar organized in 1987 at a church in Warsaw. The title of the seminar was Bringing Real Life to the Helsinki Agreement, and it was based on the Memorandum prepared by the Western peace movement and politicians as well as people from the opposition in the East.
Ousted Thai Prime Minister Yingluck To Face Criminal Charge 
Washington Is Well As Others Are Implicated In Their Wars What was absent in President Barack Obama's State of the Union Address was more intriguing than what he mentioned, in relation to international conditions, and the positions of the United States on them.
Meet Saudi Arabia's New King 
Inside the Uniform, Under the Hood,  Longing for Change Participants in our eight-day fast started each day with a time of reflection. This year, asked to briefly describe who or what we had left behind and yet might still carry in our thoughts that morning, I said that I'd left behind an imagined WWI soldier, Leonce Boudreau.
Houthi Rebels Keep Yemen's President Under Guard Despite Deal 
Ukrainian Forces Retreat From Donetsk Airport 
Amid The Chattering Of The Global Elite, A Silent Interlude 
Egypt Court Orders Release Of Mubarak's Sons 
Al Shabab Bomb Hotel In Somali Capital Ahead Of Turkish President's Visit 
Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah Dead 
How Saudi Wahhabism Is the Fountainhead of Islamist Terrorism The fountainhead of Islamic extremism that promotes and legitimizes violence lies with the fanatical \Wahhabi\ strain of Islam centered in Saudi Arabia. And if the world wants to tamp down and eliminate such violent extremism, it must confront this primary host and facilitator.
How the Future of Work May Make Many of Us Happier The 'care economy' allows people time to both make a living and do what they most care about.
The Deeper Human Conflict Revealed by \Je Suis Charlie\ No matter how deeply Muslims and Catholics have been hurt, we should be reassured that most have the character to accept this as the cost of respecting individual rights.
A Year of Opportunity to Combat Climate Change -- and Transform Economies With strong leaders from both the public and private sector, we can slow climate change now by putting a price on carbon, eliminating fuel subsidies, and bring together bold, innovative country plans.
Michel Houellebecq Strange indeed, the story of Michel Houellebecq's latest novel, Soumission, which appeared just before the attack on Charlie Hebdo that left 12 people dead, like an advance echo of the terrible events that have plunged France into mourning, and scaring stiff not only the author's friends but Houellebecq himself.
PEGIDA Leader Resigns After Posting Hitler Photo 
Cuba and Iran Americans, who increasingly oppose costly conflict, may come to recognize that the U.S. would be better off with a Cuba and an Iran (without nuclear weapons) as functioning members of the international community.
Je Suis Violence can seem like the only solution to people already experiencing the suffocation of dead endings. My hope is that the rest of us, instead of saying \What can you do?\ say the same, but with a different intonation.
France's Far-Right Sees Big Boost Following Charlie Hebdo Attacks 
How Trade and Training Can Boost Global Recovery With several large trade deals on the global agenda, there is a real opportunity to boost growth for everyone.
In Search of a New Order The World Economic Forum Annual Meeting provides an unparalleled platform to develop the insights, ideas and partnerships that are needed to rebalance and rebuild the pillars of modernity.
Yemeni Houthi Fighters Surround Prime Minister's Home, Official Says 
What Happens in Cuba After Fidel? As a U.S.-born Cuban and historian who has traveled to Cuba dozens of times since my career began nearly 18 years ago, there is one question that I am asked more than any other
U.S.-Cuba Relations In August 2010, Cuban Roman Catholic Cardinal Jaime Ortega went to Washington and shared with many a message he heard directly from Raul Castro
A Second Even More Unjustifiable Episode of Government Collection of Phone Records In the rush to sensationalize the Paris terrorist attacks and minimize all other news (for example, even more horrendous terrorist attacks in Nigeria), the American media has conveniently overlooked one major ill effect of the public hysteria it is helping to foment.
There Is No \u2018Muslim World' It's no wonder the West has been quick to give up on and to forget the liberal, cosmopolitan youth that fueled the Arab Spring of recent years -- a  demographic that hardly fits into the Western view that everyone in these countries is primarily characterized by religiosity.
Libya Recalls Former General Haftar For Army Duty 
The Power of the Feminine Self Somewhere near Mosul in Iraq, a Yazidi woman is sold into \marriage\ at that price.  That is, if she is between 20 and 30 years of age. If she is 10 to 20 years of age, the price is higher, at $129 dollars.  The highest price of $172 is reserved for girls up to the age of nine.
\When I Grow Up, I Want to be Cuban\ As the child of Cuban exiles, the story of my roots was explained in the past tense, and illustrated in fading black and white family photographs.
U.S.-Cuba Reboot It could double as an innovation and technology center, featuring a state-of-the-art performing-arts theater and lecture hall, a large gallery space for exhibits and a modernized classroom.
Change Is Coming to Cuba Change is coming to Cuba. In fact, if one looks closely at Cuba now, one sees a country in transformation. Some are subtle. Others are public. Many are still in the offing.
Ukrainian Troops Retake Almost All Of Donetsk Airport From Rebels 
Mali Government Declares Country Ebola-Free 
Israel Claims It Cracked The First ISIS Cell On Its Soil 
Miss Israel's Selfie With Miss Lebanon Stirs Up Controversy 
Anti-Charlie Hebdo Rally In Pakistan Draws 5,000 People 
Italy Expels Nine Suspected Islamist Militants 
Three Months Of Fighting In Libya's Benghazi Kills 600, Say Medics 
Boko Haram Suspected In Suicide Car bombing At Nigerian Bus Station 
Israeli Strike Kills Prominent Hezbollah Members In Syria 
Churches Torched In Anti-Charlie Hebdo Protests 
Were the Murders at Charlie Hebdo Really About Islam? The simple truth is that murderers and presidents, and governments and groups may use the evocative power of religious language to justify their behavior. The problem is not in the language or the religion. The problem is with those who abuse it for their evil ends.
Turkish Soccer Body Penalizes Kurdish Club Amid Mounting Tensions A Turkish Football Federation (TFF) decision to penalize a third tier soccer club in the predominantly Kurdish city of Diyarbakir for adopting a Kurdish name reflects mounting tension in south-eastern Turkey.
France Recoils At Idea Of Patriot Act 
Cuba and the United States In the ongoing commotion over Obama's normalization of relations with Cuba, it is easy to forget that the two countries have a long and tangled relation that predates either of them even being nations.
Weekend Roundup The first principle of an open society is not to let the intolerant define \the territory of insult\ -- those areas off limits to criticism or ridicule. But how does one define \territory\ when media now crosses the boundaries of nations, cultures and civilizations?\n\nIn the end, free societies must defend the right of the Charlie Hebdo cartoonists against murder by fanatics, the Sony filmmakers against the North Korean regime and novelists like Salman Rushdie against a fatwa from the ayatollahs. But isn't Pope Francis also right that, in today's diverse and connected world, we must exercise the civil restraint of \respect\ for the non-fanatic faithful (see the other depiction of the Prophet acceptable among some Muslims on left above), even if we insist on irreverence toward political authority?\n\nFinding an equilibrium amid the frictions and fusions that abound in this global public space will determine whether or not we can forge a new cosmopolitan commons of the 21st century.\n\nThis week, The WorldPost engages this conundrum. Writing from Denmark, Flemming Rose, the Jyllands-Posten editor who commissioned cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad a decade ago that set off riots across the Muslim world, argues against \the tyranny of silence\ fanatics would impose. Mehdi Hasan says he is \fed up with free speech fundamentalists\ who feel they have a \duty to offend.\ (continued)
Kurds Battle Assad's Forces, Opening New Front In Syria's War 
Moroccan Man Murdered In 'Islamophobic' Attack In France 
Conflict Resolution and German Reunification When I met Jamie Walker in 1990, she was a specialist in mediation and conflict resolution. She worked in this capacity from her home in West Berlin, becoming involved in the peace movement, doing violence-prevention work in the school system, and eventually pioneering efforts in mediating cross-border family conflicts.
2 Canadian Police Shot In Alberta 
Islamic State Frees 350 Ill And Elderly Yazidis 
Paris Attacks and the Kalashnikovs From the Balkans -- The Ignored Enemy From Within Designing a long-term strategy and implementing effective policies to successfully deal with radical Islam on Western soil can no longer be delayed. In the immediate future, strong rule of law nations must deal with enemies within our midst which are facilitating:
Before And After Photos Show The Sheer Devastation After The Kobe Quake 
These Photos Show Japan's Incredible Transformation After World War II 
10-Year Journey Of Deepening Radicalism Turned Paris Brothers Into Hardened Killers 
Greek Authorities Question Belgium Attack Plot Suspects 
Ukraine On weekends, impromptu rallies may elicit the occasional interest of passers-by. At one point, I came upon a group of nationalists in Maidan square flanked by Ukrainian blue and yellow banners and a rather sinister-looking bunch of men in sunglasses.
Brotherly Advice What Islam is lacking is neither Reformation nor an Enlightenment. Rather, there are two neglected measures that could make Islam sustainable for the future. The model has already been tested in the Christian world.
Hostage Taker Turns Himself In 
Pakistan Bans Haqqani Network 
Free Expression Can Be Provocative All of our rights come with responsibilities, something that we often forget.  We need to consider our words, drawings or other forms of communication without fear or giving in to threats, while at the same time weighing the consequences of our words and actions.
Paris Who else bears responsibility for the atrocities in Paris? It was not only the individual terrorists. They were trained, nurtured, supported, inspired and embraced by a murderous philosophy.
Islamophobia and Charlie Hebdo Are we not evolved enough to reveal life's hypocrisies without exhorting to gratuitous cruelty and insult, however much the latter may seem part of our birthright?
To My Muslim Friends Across the world As some predict that World War III has started in Paris last week, I say I truly hope that these events will actually help us to better understand each other.
The Guards of Kabul, From the 'Frontline' of the Afghan Capital In the past weeks Kabul has been shaken by numerous suicide attacks. According to the security situation, armed guards seem to be posted at every corner of the Afghan capital.
REPORT 
Greece and the New Environment We are all in a journey towards change. Greece is definitely in that road of changes and reforms, being through a very difficult period, with severe recession, trying to find its way towards competitiveness and sustainable growth.
I Can't Get Behind #JeSuisCharlie and Here's Why Sunday, dozens of world leaders gathered to march with millions of French citizens in honor of the Paris terrorist victims. These are leaders who offered lukewarm assistance when the Nigerian kidnappings took place but won't be traveling to Nigeria to march for freedom anytime soon.
Ebola Killed Every Mother In This Village 
Israeli Military Officers If you thought it was a done deal that U.S. aid to the Palestinians would by cut off in punishment of the Palestinian application to join the International Criminal Court, think again. Opponents of Rand Paul's boneheaded proposal to punish Palestinians for embracing the rule of law just got some powerful reinforcements.
Young Soldiers Unabated to Fight Terrorism India's covert armed conflict in Pakistan via these terrorist factions is what has surfaced and is being talked about on various platforms, especially after the Peshawar attack. The U.S. Secretary of State, John Kerry who is currently visiting Pakistan will also be provided with proof of this ongoing undercover warfare.
A New Age for Sri Lanka? It's difficult to describe just how shocking it is that Maithripala Sirisena, not Mahinda Rajapaksa, is the seventh president of Sri Lanka.
Far-Right Blame Game Distracts From France's Underlying Divisions 
Completing the Darfur Genocide The Darfur region in the west of Sudan was once a focus of extraordinary American civil society activism; there was also once regular international news and human rights reporting from Darfur. None of this is true now.
Living Peace Violence, war, catastrophes, and the personal affairs of celebrities pass for news these days, but we need more than that. In troubled times like these, the counsel of the wise among us deserve our attention.
Following in the Footsteps of Malcolm X Following in the footsteps of Malcolm this year in Africa and the Middle East, I've learned that knowledge, humility, and humor make for great weapons in the fight for freedom.
The Paris Massacres and Israel many, many thousands of French Jews will not wait for another outrage, and a massive wave of Aliyah (immigration) to Israel will be the big story of 2015. An unintended consequence, a defeat to the terrorists, a victory to Israel.
Militarization of Pakistan Constitution Nations do inane things under panic. Pakistan has chosen to amend its constitution to empower the armed forces to execute \religious terrorists\ without due process and fundamental rights otherwise available under the criminal justice system in civilian courts.
Why the War on Terror Isn't Working? No it's not because the bad guys are strong enough to do whatever they fancy doing, nor because they have the popular backbone that keeps them alive.
Iran Taking a journey through centuries of history in today's Isfahan, you will encounter extremely warm people. Iranian hospitality is phenomenal. From the reception desk at the Abbasi hotel, built by the Sultan Husayn of Safavid some 300 years ago, everybody greets you with warmth.
The NYT's Limitless Ignorance of Bangladesh Trials One doesn't expect the world's leading -- and liberal -- paper to take a stance that goes effectively against a court in a Third World country that's struggling against great historic odds to bring genocidal killers to justice.
PK -- A Masterstroke Off Hirani's Canvas Khan and his versatility never fails to impress. PK is one of those movies which no matter how many times one watches, it is bound to enthrall.
Russia For several years now, I've tried to temper satirical criticism of the occasional excess in Russia's political culture with the concern that I'm reducing a complex system of government to the latest installment of News of the Weird.
World Leaders Join Crowd Of Over A Million For National Unity March In Paris 
Striking Photos From The Massive Unity March In Paris 
Doomed AirAsia Flight's Black Boxes Found 
Two Suspected Child Suicide Bombers Hit Northeast Nigeria Town 
AirAsia Searchers Believe Jet's Fuselage Found 
Obama Gives Cuba a Hemispheric Coup The recent political witch-hunt against famed Venezuelan opposition legislator Maria Corina Machado reinforces growing concerns that democratic institutions are under concerted attack in the Western Hemisphere.
What Happened to Poland's Red Capitalists? In Poland in the late 1980s, Polish sociologist Jadwiga Staniszkis began writing about \political capitalists.\ These were colloquially known as \red capitalists\ -- technocrats and enterprise managers who were technically part of the Communist system but had already begun to function like capitalists.
President Obama Has Created A Dangerous Precedent In Cuba President Obama not only handed Castro a huge propaganda victory, but also created a dangerous precedent by signaling our enemies that major policy concessions can be gained by taking an American hostage.
To Mourn Charlie Hebdo, Stop Making Excuses for Terrorism In summary, if our hearts truly bleed for the dead in Paris, then let's stop throwing out platitudes and flawed logical explanations for the slaughter and instead address the serious problem that the attacks represent -- pure, unrelenting, and unmitigated evil that must be destroyed.
The Conflict Has Come to Us The attack in Paris has presented a much more important problem -- while we continue to discuss the nature of this ongoing conflict, the conflict has come to us. And it has found us unprepared.
French Prime Minister 
Terrorists' Web of Hate Extends Far Beyond France Among the extremist connections to terrorist brothers Cheriff, 32 and Said Kouachi, 34 are fellow radical French Algerians as well as those in Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP).
#JeSuisCharlie? No, I'm Not Charlie Hebdo Nothing -- no cartoon, no book, no song -- justifies the kind of shooting rampage that happened in Paris. As Hassen Chalghoumi, the imam of Drancy mosque in Paris says, \These are criminals, barbarians. They have sold their souls to hell.\
There Are More French Muslims Working for French Security Than for Al Qaeda Muslims are criticized for being a community, but then asked to react against terrorism as a community. This is called the double bind
Charlie Hebdo and Europe's Rising Right Officer Merabet was there to guard Charlie Hebdo.  That is duty.  That is bravery. That is the defense of free speech.  He belongs to a larger France, and a better Europe.
A Silver Lining for Charlie Hebdo You can see clearly here at least one area where the attackers failed -- instead of dividing different groups of people, they indirectly united them in their condemnation of the horrific assault.
Weekend Roundup Europe is facing divisive challenges on all fronts. It is being torn within by hardening attitudes toward the growing presence not only of Muslim immigrants, but also of citizens. On Monday, demonstrators thronged the streets of Dresden in support of \Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamization of the Occident.\ On Wednesday in Paris, 12 people were killed, including cartoonists who lampooned the Prophet Muhammad, in the horrific Charlie Hebdo attack.\n\nWhile the euro tumbles, northern and southern Europe are bitterly at odds over austerity policies and continuing high unemployment. And a newly aggressive Russia is challenging European values on its eastern frontier. (continued)\n\nWriting from Berlin, Alexander Gorlach analyzes what is behind rising Islamphobia in Europe.  From Paris, Le Huffington Post editorial director Anne Sinclair pays homage to the slain journalists. \Infidel\ author Ayaan Hirsi Ali warns that we can't let political Islamists define the territory of insult. Akbar Ahmed looks at the long history, and present social conditions, of Muslims in Europe.
Charlie Hebdo The Charlie Hebdo killings, whatever their connections to the current wars in the Middle East, were acts of terrorism that should be handled by law enforcement.
Syria It should be clear after four bloody years in Syria that if we are to make any progress moving forward, it is necessary to shed illusions and fantasies that have shaped too much of the discussion about the conflict.
France Vows To Combat Terror With Massive Rally 
Hostage-Taker Killed At Kosher Grocery Store In Paris 
Democracy In Cuba Must Be Homegrown, Not Midwifed By Washington Notwithstanding the actions taken on December 17, we will not have an effective Cuba policy until these questions about a future Cuban democracy are answered.
In New Novel, Houellebecq Imagines France With A Muslim President 
Turkish Leftist Group Retracts Claim Of Responsibility For Istanbul Bomb Attack 
What the Paris Attack Is Really About (Hint -- Neither Free Speech Nor the Varied Nature of Muslims) Both of these large points are true in general, perhaps to the point of banality. Yet the first is too general and the second too specific. Both conceal real nuances that are important to moving policy discussions forward.
Charlie Hebdo Suspects Killed 
Charb's Partner Speaks About His Death 
Saudi Courts Should Exhibit Independence by Protecting Speech While the driving ban has lit up the Internet, it is only a symptom of a system that is insufficiently responsive to widely-held Saudi opinion on matters of governance. For the Saudi judicial system to show itself to be truly independent, it should support a more open discourse on future social and legal policy in the Kingdom.
The Middle East in Transition and Korea's Foreign Policy Toward the Middle East In a larger strategic context, our two regions are connected through U.S. global strategy. America's rebalance to East Asia cannot be divorced from events in the Middle East, as they could affect the available strategic assets in East Asia.
China's Grand Strategy Far from being an empty rhetorical effect, Xi Jinping's New Silk Road will not only be one of the most discussed topics of 2015, but it will profoundly mark China's coming decade and reshape Eurasia.
Analyzing the Paris Terror Attack Such solidarity will send a clear message that civil liberties, particularly freedoms of speech and the press, will not be compromised, undermined or intimidated by acts or threats of violence.
Parallels in Myanmar and Cuba Policy This seems like a laundry list of \gives,\ but these are in fact incremental steps -- particularly given that the embargo remains in force -- that will improve the everyday lives of Cubans and their families abroad and begin to thaw relations between the two countries.
Law and Disorder in the South China Sea Owing to its glaring conventional military inferiority, the Philippines has embarked on an unprecedented journey
Chess in a Conflict Zone The lone American in the trailer leans over the students to study their moves, his Syrian translator practically attached to his hip. The Karam Leadership Program identification card hanging around his neck sways side-to-side as he points out a strategic mistake.
Car Bomb Explodes Outside Police College In Yemen 
The Beam in One's Own Eye This reported phrase from the Sermon on the Mount aimed at hypocrisy comes to mind as I contemplate the \furious\ reaction of Pakistani officials at the portrayal of their country and their countrymen in the TV series Homeland.
Israel's Bedouin Schools Thrive in Negev Desert In the sandy dunes of the northern Negev desert between Arad and Be'er Sheva, 130 students who belong to a local Bedouin tribe, study at the Al-Sayed Technological School. The students come from a weak socio-economic background and a great number of students suffer from learning disabilities as a result of inter-family marriages.
How Iran Can Escape Its Nuclear Deadlock with the U.S. It should be mentioned that in response to my protest against massive vote rigging during the first election of the parliament after the Revolution, Khomeini told me in a private conversation that people have no vote whatsoever and that we only conduct such elections in order to close the mouths of Westerners.
Photographing the Young Monks of Myanmar After picking up my visa and exchanging some U.S. dollars for kyat I stepped out of the airport into the steam that is Yangon, Myanmar, during the monsoon season.\nA time of year good for photographers to avoid those unsightly tourists that invade a viewfinder during picture taking or worse not seen until the proofs appear on screen.
New Appraisals of Violent Extremism Not all those heeding Daesh's call are lunatics; some could be diverted by counter-messaging that offers alternatives to violence. Reaching these young men and women might accomplish more than countless air strikes can achieve. This is the true heart of the struggle against violent extremism.
China's Most Sensational Trial in Decades Given the fact that Zhou also happened to be a political adversary of President Xi, and lost a vicious power struggle on the eve of China's leadership transition in 2012, there are lingering doubts about the motives behind sending this \mega-tiger\ (a corrupt top Chinese leader) to jail.
Ukraine's Donbas Is Like America's Deep South The United States could eventually overcome Jim Crow laws because Washington was stronger than the Deep South. As long as Russia supports the Donbas Deep South -- and that is likely to be for a long time -- Ukraine will be too weak to grant it autonomy or to absorb it.
Is Economic Warfare the Theme for 2015? Is the Russian Ruble becoming financial rubble as consequence of targeting by the U.S. and its allies? The dramatic fall in oil prices and commensurate drop\u00a0in the Russian currency, is this coincidental to broader global economic trends or an orchestrated assault?
2015 Can Be the Tipping Point for Safe Schools and Children's Education Globally 2014 was a bad year for children and education.
Another Large Object Found In Search For AirAsia Plane 
AirAsia Search Continues But Bad Weather Drives Back Divers 
What Is Brazil Really Doing in Africa? If Brazil is to make a dent in Africa, it needs to get ahead of the curve. Future economic and demographic projections indicate that African investment opportunities are changing. Foreign policy experts and investors should take note, and plan accordingly.
Boko Haram Seizes Army Base In Northeast Nigeria 
At Least Six UN Peacekeepers Wounded By Roadside Bomb In Mali 
Israel Arrests Alleged ISIS-Linked Militants in West Bank 
AirAsia Search And Rescue Find Two Large Objects 
Indonesia 
Iran Denies Making Deal With U.S. To Ship Nuclear Material To Russia 
Will Chevron Ever Do the Right Thing The Pastaza and Kawapi Rivers in Ecuador come together near the border of Peru.  At their confluence fresh water pink dolphins rise to the surface and nod their heads.   Nearby toucans and parrots land.  These animals and many more are a part of the ecosystem that is as pure and unadulterated as any in the world.
This Risky Diplomatic Move Will Backfire on Obama Senator Lindsey Graham, chairman of the Appropriations Committee, which funds U.S. embassies, has said that not a cent will be spent to bankroll the new policy. The U.S. Interests Section in Havana might now be called an \embassy\ but there won't be an ambassador.
Germany Says Greece Exit From Euro Would Be Manageable 
Report 
The Hunt For AirAsia's Black Boxes 
China Demands Answers After Stampede In Financial Hub Shanghai 
America's New Year's Gift To Burma Thelma Tun Thein is leaving her life in America behind to return to her native Burma, also known as Myanmar.  She's going back to help people in that long-oppressed country achieve their dreams.
Setting Benchmark in Battle for Statehood Palestine has set a new benchmark for nations like the Kurds and the Kosovars who see soccer as a key part of their toolbox to achieve statehood with its qualification for this month's Asian Football Confederation (AFC) Asian Cup even if the Palestinian road to statehood is increasingly pockmarked by seemingly insurmountable barriers.
Suspected Boko Haram Militants Kidnap 40 Nigerians 
New Year's Resolutions For U.S. Policy Towards Latin America Whether dealing with close U.S. partners or more distant governments, the United States should have the same principled voice for human rights. 2014 was a decent year for change in U.S. policies towards Latin America and the Caribbean. Let's make 2015 a banner year.
How Obama Moved the Cuba Needle Most of the foreign-policy establishment concluded long ago that Washington's policy of hostility toward Havana made no sense, but because Cuba was a low priority issue during Obama's first term, establishment figures rarely spoke out about it -- until they began to sense that the policy was in flux.
\No, We Have No Illusions That It Will Be Easy\ Since December 17, Cuba has not been the same. Discussions, questions and expectations have multiplied among us since the announcement from Barack Obama and Raul Castro about the reestablishment of relations between the United States and Cuba.
Cuban Political Police Crush Free Speech, Days After US Diplomatic Opening The project to reenact the performance, but this time in the Plaza of the Revolution, invariably brought back to us memories of that night in the Wilfredo Lam center and the hope that this time the microphones would be open to a larger number of Cubans.
Alan Gross, the Hook That Ended Up Being Swallowed The Castro regime has won, although the positive result is that Alan Gross has emerged alive from a prison that promised to turn into his grave.
Has D-Day Arrived for Cuba? Events arrive in fragments, an advance here, a loss there. With no cries of \Long live free Cuba,\ nor uncorked bottles. Life obscures from us this turning point that we would mark forever on our calendars.
Amazing Photos Of New Year's Celebrations Around The World 
Goliath Opens His Wallet Generations of Cubans have grown up under the barrage of official propaganda against the United States. As the words directed against our neighbor to the north became more aggressive, our curiosity only grew.
Video Claims To Show Italian Hostages In Syria 
Assad Hugs Troops In Rare Appearance On Syria's Front Line 
Poll 
Palestine and the International Criminal Court Membership in the ICC would give Abbas another tacit endorsement of statehood and the ability to wage powerful lawfare. But will this really get Abbas what he ultimately wants? Or better, what does he want?
In 2015, Let's Not Punish the Palestinians for Joining the ICC It's kind of funny, in a not ha-ha way, how twisted the public discourse in the U.S. is, that we even have to defend the proposition that the Palestinians should join the ICC if they want. But we do.
CIA Torture's Immeasurable Damage to U.S. Global Leadership The CIA was never among the world's most trusted global brands, even among U.S. allies, but torture revelations have diminished U.S. claims to moral leadership and reduced its \soft power.\
Population Boom and the Economic Impact in a New Year The reality is, countries are not poor because of how many people they have, they are poor because of economic policies.
Not That Healthy Poor governance, marked by rising income inequality, corruption and lack of accountability, additionally challenges the sustainability of Cuba's universal health-care scheme. Havana ranks 75th in the annually-published Global Peace Index, a metric that attempts to quantify effective governance in a variety of sectors, putting it on par with troubled countries like Djibouti, Nepal and Malawi.
Suicide Bomber Attacks Cultural Center In Yemen 
IDPistan We live within the same borders as these unlucky people, perhaps even a few kilometers away from their hell on earth, but as we cross over to the better half of our country, we easily forget the turmoil our personalized war on terror has caused to millions.
Here's to a Better and Peaceful New Year Our poor old world lurches from crisis to crisis
ISIS Releases Interview With Captured Jordanian Pilot 
Years After Japan's Earthquake Disaster, A Community Struggles To Pick Up The Pieces 
New Genocide Trial in Guatemala? If the genocide trial does restart, the role of the international community will be of utmost importance to ensuring a fair process. There is little doubt that there will be strong opposition from conservative elites and from sectors of the military. But the desire for the victims for truth and justice remains steadfast.
Pakistan Is Its Own Worst Enemy Nothing will change until this narrative changes and our mindset which accommodates it changes. Pakistan has to realize that it is its own worst enemy.
Why I Am Opposed to the Carrying Out of Capital Punishment in Jordan Human rights activists should not be deterred by the seemingly large public support for the carrying out of capital punishment. The only way to counter this is for intellectuals and society leaders to take a public stand for what is right.
Heroes Fate chose to spare them death, but it has presented them with the challenge of getting on with life thereafter; which was never going to be easy.
Can the Middle East Be Fixed? The Middle East is one of the world's most strategically significant regions. Stunningly, perhaps, the region does not yet have in place the necessary institutions and mechanisms to discuss and manage, and to prevent and respond to crises. Strategic and visionary leadership is required to reverse the state of the region.
Qatar gambles that labour reforms will satisfy critics 2022 World Cup host Qatar has announced a series of reforms to improve working and living conditions of its majority migrant labour population that address material concerns but fall short of recommendations made in a government-sponsored study and demands of trade union and human rights activists.
Hamas Bars Gaza Children From Israel Trip 
REPORTS 
Islamic State Executed Nearly 2,000 People In 6 Months 
Search For Missing AirAsia Flight QZ8501 Resumes 
Here's What We Know So Far About The Missing AirAsia Passengers 
AirAsia Passengers Share Stories Of Near-Misses That Kept Them Off Vanished Plane 
Thousands Stranded By Heavy Snowfall On French Ski Slopes 
Perception Is Not Reality and It May Lead You to the Wrong Place How many opportunities will we lose because of our deep-seated paradigms? How many ideas will we brush aside because they're unexpected? Will we be able to discover the grandest possibilities in existence without the influence of other points of view?
AirAsia Flight From Indonesia To Singapore Loses Contact With Air Traffic Control 
Lubyanka Runs the New Russia, Much Like the Old Soviet Union Even during the worst of the U.S.S.R. the square was more symbolic than threatening. For the most part no one went to the Kremlin to die. Very different, however, is Lubyanka, just a short walk up Teatralny Proezd past the Bentley and Maserati dealerships.
A Starting Point for 2015 A new consensus is emerging for the 21st Century
The Peshawar Tragedy Shows That Pakistan Needs a New Religious Narrative When will the Pakistani masses realize that exploiting Islam to recreate the glory of past Caliphates and to justify the subjugation of religious minorities is based on a supremacist ideology born out of immense inferiority complex and colonial baggage?
Gulf-Iranian Proxy War Spills Onto the Soccer Pitch A Saudi-led proxy war against Iran playing out in Syria and Iraq has expanded onto the soccer pitch with a last minute decision by the Palestinian national team to cancel a friendly against Iran.
U.S. Should Close Bases on Okinawa The U.S. is over-burdened militarily and effectively bankrupt financially, but Washington is determined to preserve every base and deployment, no matter how archaic -- such as the many military facilities in Okinawa.
Report 
The Silent Cry of Bethlehem Bethlehem has always loomed large in our imagination. For generations, the feelings evoked by this town have been captured in multiple art forms, serving to inspire both believers and non-believers with its message of hope and the joyful promise of new life.
More Than 160,000 Evacuated From Worst-Ever Floods In Malaysia 
Greek PM Urges Lawmakers To Avoid Snap Election 
Putin Signs New Russian Military Doctrine 
Poland Embracing Multi-Ethnic Past, So What's Wrong With Ukraine? Another country is seeking to define its own national identity
Ukraine Enmeshed in a deadly struggle with Russian separatists, many Ukrainians are seeking to fashion their own nationalist ethos.  While that is somewhat understandable, Bandera is a poor model.  Seventy years after the end of World War II, Ukrainians must eschew such symbols and look elsewhere in the search for a national identity.
Ukraine Begins To Cut Off Transportation To Crimea 
Russia's Economy Headed For Even More Trouble 
Fire Bomb Thrown At Car Injures 2 In West Bank 
Chinese University Bans Christmas, Calls It 'Kitsch' 
Is Netanyahu Finished? 
Buffeted By Political Firestorm, Crimean Minorities Forced to Choose Now that Crimea is firmly in the Russian column, it is to be hoped that the Kremlin will provide both peoples with as much local autonomy as possible in line with earlier pledges.
Christmas in the Old Syrian City of Homs Some Christian families started to trickle back following the truce between the regime forces and the rebels but life will never go back the way it was. Most Muslim families were not allowed to return to their homes. This year, Christmas in Homs will have a big void, its Muslim merrymakers.
8 Unforgettable Symbols From An Extraordinary Year Of Protests 
How Some Peruvians Celebrate Christmas 
Bibi Netanyahu Is in Trouble Never a dull moment in Israeli politics in the best of times, and surely these days, as the politicians and the general public count the days to 17th of March 2015, when the 20th Knesset will be elected.
The legacy of Aceh's emergency economy 
The tsunami that helped stop a war 
Send In The Clowns.. To The Zaatari Refugee Camp 
Educating Pakistan's Girl Once again, the global community is in the rare position of having its eye turned toward this sweeping issue, which at present keeps as many as three-quarters of girls in the country from attending school.
War Has Damaged Hundreds Of Heritage Sites In Syria 
Cemetery in the Sea Betrays Europe's Moral Crisis As the year draws to an end, Europe's commitment to its humanitarian values is haunted by an unprecedented number of refugees drowning in the Mediterranean Sea.
Report 
Ukrainian Parliament Angers Moscow 
Breaking Bad Turkey! Although, it is never too late to get back on the right track, Erdo\u011fan and the current government should see the situation clearly
In Palestine, Specialized Prosecutors Ensure Women Survivors' Access to Justice A 2011 survey of the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics revealed that one-third of women experiencing violence remain silent or seek help from family. Few turn to specialized institutions, and even less to security and justice services.
UN Security Council Puts Human Rights Abuses In North Korea On The Agenda 
An Ebola Fighter Named Moses Leads Orphans to Safety Moses treads a lonely trail through Ebola barricades to provide psychosocial aid so that these traumatized victims do not become another lost generation.
Cuba Announcement 'A Truly Historic Moment' 
Potential UK Club Acquisition Could Help Qatar Polish Its Image A Qatari acquisition of Tottenham would no doubt at least temporarily refocus some of the negative reporting on the country. But it could also revive assertions that wealthy Gulf countries are seeking to launder their reputations through soccer acquisition.
Tunisia Votes In Historic Presidential Runoff 
Pakistan Hangs 4 Militants As Execution Campaign Widens 
Romania's Resort Tourism Romania has 275 kilometers of Black Sea coastline. The country tries to attract tourists by touting its sandy beaches, temperate climate, spas, and resort hotels. It's tough competition. I met a couple of Romanians who said straight out that they prefer to vacation along Bulgaria's Black Sea coast.
North Korea Threatens To Attack U.S. If Obama Retaliates Over Sony Hacking 
Ukraine For the most part, ethnic minorities of Transcarpathia have gotten along with each other in recent years, though the area's delicate social balance could be upset by outsiders like Putin and his nationalist right wing allies in neighboring Hungary.
Thank You, America From the report on torture we can draw three lessons. The first is a terrible one, but the other two are encouraging.  The first thing the report teaches us is that it is possible for the most prominent intelligence agency of the world's most powerful democracy to commit torture on a large scale
North Korea Calls For Joint Probe Into Sony Hacking 
President Obama Touts Partnership With Egypt's Military Regime In any case, Washington's influence is limited
Ukraine Crisis In Mind, Lithuania Establishes A Rapid Reaction Force 
The Unraveling of the Arab Spring Narrative When we asked citizens in Egypt, Tunisia, Jordan, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia and UAE whether they believed the Middle East was better off or worse off as a result of the Arab Spring the responses were largely divided.
Robert Wolfe -- History's Gain and Loss Who was Robert Wolfe? Wolfe was the irreplaceable chief archivist for captured Nazi documents at their main repository, the National Archives and Record Administration in Washington, D.C. He died just before dawn this December 10, 2014, at the age of 93. With his death, a legacy also dies.
The U.S., Cuba, and Strategic Foreign Policy If you ask me, Obama's action on Cuba was a master stroke, and full of foresight. He has undercut Putin's ability to use Cuba as a pressure point against the U.S. going forward and has, in a single action, transformed a net negative for the U.S. and Cuba into a net positive for its government, people, and businesses.
Behind Cuba's Opening to the U.S. For anyone who can still see straight, it is obvious that Venezuela won't be able to keep on subsidizing the Castro regime with 100,000 daily oil barrels. Moreover, each day it becomes likelier that there will soon be a major political overhaul in Venezuela, one that, in one way or the other, will spell an end to the island's economic salvation.
From Damascus To Carnegie Hall, A Refugee Child Prodigy Plays The Piano For Peace 
Cameroon Army Says It Killed 116 Boko Haram Militants 
The Games of Our Lives Welcome to the latest generation of computer games. They don't so much help you escape reality as insert you back into it at a different angle.
Mother Poland Is No Pushover 
ISIL Foreign Jihadist Recruitments' Impacts on Mare Nostrum The negative impacts of the ISIL on the construction of a Mediterranean community of peoples can be explained with the following vicious cycle
The Tale of Two Economies In 2008 the world was riveted by the economic collapse of Europe as countries plummeted into financial ruin due to deficits out of control.  Particularly hard hit were countries like Greece, Portugal, Ireland, Cyprus, and Spain.
A Day In The Life Of A Muslim Chinese Migrant Family 
How Sustainability Can Guide German Foreign Policy There is no alternative to cooperation. Intensified economic cooperation can play a key role in this respect. Germany and Russia complement each other quite ideally. Each country has what the other needs. Germany has one of the world's most advanced manufacturing sectors, producing a wide range of machinery, plants and goods. And Russia has vast deposits of the natural and mineral resources on which German industry is crucially dependent.
Around 180 Soldiers And Jihadis Killed In Battle For Syrian Base 
Ukraine's President Hails First Full Overnight Truce In Rebel East 
Gunmen Hold Hundreds Of Students, Teachers Hostage At Pakistan School 
Death On The Internet 
Egypt's Entry Visa Canard The U.S. government should seek assurances from the Egyptian authorities that independent scholars, and others who may have critical things to say about the policies of the Sisi government, will not be excluded from Egypt on bogus grounds of national security or disingenuous claims about visa regulations.
A Look Back at Asia in 2014 We still have some time left in 2014, and while I work on a \list\ for 2015, now it's time to take a deep breath, review last year's predictions and see how I did.
How The World's Newest Country Went From Hope To Horror In One Year 
Angry Afghan President Vows Security Shake-Up After Taliban Attacks Surge 
Japan's Election Sees A Landslide Victory For Ruling Party 
Children Harvest Crops and Sacrifice Dreams In Mexico's Fields 
Bomb And Suicide Threats, Hot Water Attack Reportedly Divert Plane 
ISIS Reportedly Releases Guide On How To Treat Sex Slaves 
What Happened to Romania's Irrecuperables? In 1990, the issue that catapulted Romania into the headlines in the West, after the rise and fall of Ceausescu, was the country's orphanages. Journalists and foreign health care workers were appalled to discover the condition of babies and children in the many state-run institutions in the country.
REPORT 
Islamic State Imposes Strict New Order In Mosul, And Deprivation Is A Result 
How Countries Around The World Are Coping With Falling Oil Prices 
Government and Fans Battle in Court and on the Pitch in Egypt and Turkey In Turkey, the government has sought to drive a wedge between militant fans and other supporters by arguing that e-ticketing was a way to combat illegal ticket scalping, increase tax revenues and ensure that stadia are safe for families.
China Holds First National Memorial For War Massacre 
Dozens Killed In Afghanistan Violence As Foreign Troops Prepare To Leave 
Bury Lenin's Body Someday Russians will be free. Not just from Communism, but also less forms of authoritarianism. Liberation will come only through the Russian people's own efforts, however, not from the West. Only they can make their own future. The day liberty arrives will be the real Russian Revolution.
No Joking Matter She made a joke about a beard and the medieval clergy went berserk; apparently they do not have a sense of humor.
Green Roadmap; Not Silk Road Kazakhstan can offer a much more visible contribution to international peace and prosperity. This country needs to be called upon to play a stronger and more active role in the mediation of interests between the United States (U.S.) and the European Union (E.U.), on one side, and Russia and the Middle East, on the other.
Hillary's Policies (Two-State Solution, Mexico 43, EU Energy) The international scope of what Hillary refers to as her \unfinished business\ in Hard Choices goes beyond the perfunctory rhetoric aligning the liberal-conservative spectrum.
Will Jobless Jihadis From Afghanistan Turn to India? NATO's Afghanistan withdrawal renders a generation of Af-Pak jihadists jobless. Many will turn their attention to India.
In Response to Putin's New Cold War, the West Must Be Warm to the Russian People The Russian people must not be pushed away from Europe.
Listening to People of the Amazon During COP 20 I am here in Peru to push world leaders to act on climate change at the UNFCCC climate change negotiations but away from the diplomats and the conference centre, I went to listen to the people being directly affected by another area Oxfam works on, land rights.
China's Challenge in the South China Sea The Philippines' attempt to haul China to an international tribunal is a problem because it is invoking the very compulsory jurisdiction which China has disavowed since 2006.
Urbanization and the Good News About World Poverty Over the past two centuries, standards of living have risen strongly and poverty has been reduced, especially in the more developed world. Cities are much of the difference, as they have attracted rural residents to the jobs made possible by technological advancements.
President Obama to Visit India Again in January By stepping off Air Force One on a foggy January morning at Indira Gandhi International Airport in Delhi, President Obama takes the US-India relationship to a new level.
U.S. General Says Allies To Send About 1,500 Troops To Iraq In Training Role 
China's Biggest Political Takedowns Since Mao 
Death Toll From Typhoon Hagupit Climbs 
Indians As intensified globalization has increased the spatial distance between Indians, they are thronging towards online platforms that offer a sense of kinship and community. To Indians, both within and outside India, the Internet is an alternative public sphere to hold discourses with those who share a similarity of interests. Social networking sites also offer them a platform to assert their identity, culture and political inclination.
Schools Can Be Front Line of Fight Against Ebola While in some extreme cases schools have to be closed when they are at the center of an outbreak, investing in safe schools -- and the return of pupils to receive regular temperature checks and health education -- may be the best way to combat Ebola's further spread.
Uber Banned In New Delhi 
The Rise Of India's Booming Media Business 
Hardship On Mexico's Farms, A Bounty For U.S. Tables 
More Than 1 Million Evacuated As Typhoon Pounds The Philippines 
Mexico Releases Horrifying New Details In Missing Students Case 
At Least Seventy Ethiopian Migrants Drown Off Coast Of Yemen 
Militant Soccer Fans Reassert Their Key Role in Protest With Storming of Cairo Stadium Militant, street battle-hardened soccer fans stormed a Cairo stadium in advance of the second leg of crowned Cairo Al Ahli SC's African Confederation Cup final against Ivory Coast's Sewe Sport in a reassertion of the fans' key role in protest against the regime of toppled president Hosni Mubarak.
1 Million Evacuated As Typhoon Slams Into Philippines 
Mubarak's Case Is A \u2018Trial Of Egypt's Revolution' 
Cuba's 14ymedio Journalists Spend Two Hours With the New York Times' Ernesto Londo\u00f1o Ernesto Londo\u00f1o, who authored six editorials on Cuba published recently by The New York Times engaged in a friendly conversation on Saturday with a part of the 14ymedio team, in the hotel where he is staying in Havana.
The State Of Palestine Was Declared Way Before Europe's Push For Recognition 
Eradicating Female Genital Mutilation in Our Lifetime A radiant light escaped earth when a woman named Efua Dorkenoo, fighting cancer, took her last breath in her husband's arms on October 18, 2014.
Islam Is Not The Problem Muslims are no different than anyone else, they have the same goals and aspirations as anyone else. Islam is not the problem, and has never been the problem.
Germany Jails Man For Joining ISIS In Syria 
People Around You Control Your Mind 
Doha Summit a Major Turning Point in Gulf March This will be the summit that will lay out new policy orientations different from the previous ones that accompanied the wave of revolutions for change in the Arab region.
PM Netanyahu Outsmarts Himself The day after the elections will be Netanyahu's utmost test of leadership during his entire career. The man knows the world, he knows the US, he understands world economics, so the big question is, can he REALLY be genuine in his push towards new elections?
A Cultural Psychosis This is a continuation of my last post, \System Failure,\ addressing the issue of Domestic Violence in Trinidad & Tobago. My hope is that if we persist in shining a light here, refusing to let it be swept under the rug of deliberate ignorance any longer, it will effect some positive change.
30 Years Later, Those Responsible for India's Bhopal Disaster Must Be Held Accountable It is neither justice nor equality when a U.S. company can evade accountability for the deaths of thousands of people in India.
Saving Culture Is Essential for Building Peace I went to Erbil, to stand with the people of Iraq, to defend their unique heritage and diversity and to say that this matters - not just for Iraq's future but for all women and men. We must defend the idea of a shared humanity wherever it is challenged. This is our struggle.
Non-Dollar Trading Is Killing the Petrodollar -- And the Foundation of U.S.-Saudi Policy in the Middle East This new oil price drop simply is crushing producers' currencies in foreign exchange markets. The combination of the petrodollar losing its ability to act as a store of value, combined now with exchange rate blues, may be the straw that breaks the producer \camel's back\ in respect to OPEC and dollar denomination. Such a moment would seem ripe for Russia and Iran to begin a gradual challenge to Saudi's leadership of the OPEC cartel and to the dollar-denominated energy system, if enough OPEC members and other producers are prepared to rebel. Iran has been lobbying hard in this direction.
Rising to End FGM - Agnes Pareyio When women stand up and defend themselves, it works. Remember -- in 1975, 98% of women were mutilated just like I was. Today, it is 27%. That's 27% too many, but it's also the sign of a revolution. It wasn't handed down on high.
Taking Back California's Direct Democracy from Special Interests Together, these reforms will improve the quality of our initiatives and our direct participation. They create what in political science circles is known as an \indirect initiative effect\ -- a role for the legislature to foster public comment and active debate, to highlight errors and unintended consequences and fix them, and perhaps to craft policy solutions via legislation.
What the US Owes Afghanistan US involvement in the war in Afghanistan may be coming to an end, but US commitment to improving human rights in Afghanistan should not.
Will Russia's Eastern Game Plan Work? Russia's projected growth of the economy in 2015 will not surpass 1% by even the most optimistic projections. What does Russian leadership do to mend this sinking boat?
Why Remembering Jewish Refugees Matters The story of the Jewish refugees from Arab lands is little known, but has huge repercussions for today.
On the International Day for Solidarity with the Palestinian People If the world community were serious about honoring its commitments as articulated by the UN secretary general, it would move much faster to declare the state continuing a 47-year occupation a pariah state.
The Hunt for Terrorist Leaders Targeted killings remain a useful tactical tool in the kit of counterterrorism strategists. While they cannot be expected in the long run to paralyze a terrorist organization, they often can bring short-term, intense pressure on a successor's operations. They cannot bring an end to terrorism.
Hollywood, Chinese Censors Win In TV Anti-Piracy Campaign 
Our Common Real World I am about to conclude my visit to  Smyrna. I am sitting at my balcony, overlooking the bay. This  was my second visit this year in this beautiful, cosmopolitan and liberal city. I participated as a panelist for the symposium organized by Izmir's Mediterranean Academy.
Hong Kong Protesters Clash With Police Near Government Headquarters 
Arab-Jewish School, Symbol Of Jerusalem Co-Existence, Torched 
Suspected Boko Haram Militants Launch Deadly Raid In Northern Nigeria 
Ukraine's Military Claims A Large Convoy Has Entered From Russia 
Mubarak Verdict Fuels Protests And Mockery In Egypt 
Canadian-Israeli Woman May Have Been Captured In Syria 
The Ebola Response If this is the most critical public health crisis of our time, it also presents the most compelling ethical challenges for governments, international organizations and international NGOs.
The Arab and Iranian Disconnect Arabs should be reassured that their concerns are understood by the West. At the same time, the Iranian public needs to see the linkage between their economic woes and their government's nuclear ambitions and foreign policy.
U.S. Should Talk to North Korea, Whoever Is in Charge Every strategy toward the DPRK so far seems to have failed.  Anything adopted is likely to be only a second best. However, today even second best would be a major step forward. It's time for Washington to try something different.
Obama Faces the Test of Emerging Out of the Gray Zone President Barack Obama may be forced to move away a little from his policy of non-clarity, because he will not be able to win the war he declared against ISIS as long as he relies on mystery.
Bombs, Gunfire Kills Scores At Crowded Mosque In Nigeria 
Jail Term Of Over 4 years Sought For German ISIS Suspect 
Obama and the Gordian Knot of Politics The world is more complicated. The knots are somehow knottier. Bringing in a council of concerned citizens to patiently untie the Gordian knot of politics may take longer. But, in the end, consent is mightier than the sword.
5 Positive Things Around The World To Be Thankful For 
Hong Kong Student Leaders Banned From Key Protest Site 
The Battle for Islam Does the situation of present-day Muslim society, marked by crisis, tensions, foreign interventions and political despotism, foster the reformist democratic Islam, or does it promote its violent and theocratic rivals?
Victor Pinchuk, Mistral Warships, and the Jews of Ukraine On Nov. 18, in Kiev, philanthropist Victor Pinchuk was awarded the Metropolitan Andrey Sheptytsky Medal of Honor by the Jewish Confederation of Ukraine for his contributions to Ukrainian-Jewish understanding and cooperation. What follows is a version of my remarks at the ceremony.
Qatar Said To Run A Covert Training Camp For Syrian Rebels With U.S. Help 
Egypt, Israel and the Palestinians It is the interest of Israel to have Egypt play a significant role in any future settlement with the PA, and clearly to accept it will require a change of the disc also in Jerusalem.
An \Alive\ Andes Hero Gives Thanks, and Thoughts Leading into the Thanksgiving season, something in the bareness of the trees and drop in temperature made me think of my cousin, Roberto Canessa, one of the two \Alive\ survivors that climbed a 14,774-foot headwall to save himself, his friends and, he explained on the phone, his mother waiting in Uruguay.
Will Greater Israel Transform Into Greater Palestine? If the slaughter in the Jerusalem synagogue will make the Palestinian dream of statehood an even more unreachable dream, it will also turn Israel's illusion of the sustainability of the occupation into a nightmare.
Asia Is on the Brink of a Golden Era. Here's Why. Asia has been infected by a silent, healthy virus of modernization. There is a remarkably wide and deep consensus among regional leaders that they should focus on modernization and pragmatic development. Because it is silent, the Western media has not noticed and continues to predict doom.
Moving the Needle Forward on Women's Rights in Afghanistan Afghanistan has changed significantly since the fall of the Taliban, and the ways in which Afghans view themselves and their country continue to evolve.
Give Me Your Dreamers That Are Searching For Purpose Too many qualified foreign students are sent home after graduation. Indeed the gap between student and temporary employment visa issuances has widened extensively over the past decade.
UK Faces Biggest Terrorism Threat In Its History 
Turkish President Says Women And Men Can't Be Equal 
Don't Prop up Putin by Giving Him an Enemy Putin's post-Soviet regime may be approaching a crucial tipping point in its level of domestic support. Let's hope that the United States doesn't take his bait, and inadvertently prop him back up by giving him a military enemy to fight against.
Kenya Claims To Have Killed Over 100 Militants In Somalian Raid 
'IMPOSSIBLE' 
The Disappearance Of 43 Mexican Students Is An Atrocity. But It's No Isolated Incident 
We're Mad as Hell, and We're Not Going to Take It Anymore I was impressed by the degree of anger, by the overwhelming dissatisfaction with the way things are now, by the unanimity of the clamor for change. I felt that a breaking point will soon be reached.
Colombia's President Hopes FARC Rebels Will Release Hostages Next Week 
U.S. And West Shy From Strict Nuclear Bomb Policy For Iran 
Iran Nuclear Talks May Be Extended As U.S. Sees 'Big Gaps' 
Powerful Portraits Of Ebola Survivors Back Home And Still Fighting To Live 
Mexico's President Forced into a Corner The government is now afraid to use public force to prevent demonstrators from blockading roads and streets, stealing buses and trucks, ransacking supermarkets and torching government buildings. President Pe\u00f1a Nieto has claimed that his patience has limits, but so far the Ayotzinapa movement appears to have forced him into a corner.
Weekend Roundup On the same day this week that President Obama announced a measure that could give legal protection to 5 million undocumented immigrants, massive protests raged across Mexico against the impunity and corruption that led to the horrific massacre of 43 students. From Mexico City, Sergio Sarmiento, Elena Poniatowska and Homero Aridjis chronicle the events and ponder what's next. Anthropologist Claudio Lomnitz examines the causes behind Mexico's corrosive impunity. \n\nMeanwhile, as Xin Chunying writes from Beijing, China is also seeking to establish the rule of law through steadily boosting the role of the National People's Congress. While stifling dissent, China's President Xi is taking on both \tigers and flies\ in his no-holds-barred assault from the top down on corruption. \n\nCan China's effort succeed without active public engagement? Can Mexico learn from China and move from angry protest to systemic change? (continued)
The Arabs' Next Decade The Arab world's next ten years are dominated with uncertainty; the only fact that can be derived out of the current givens is that the best days in this area are behind and today's maps of the main states are liable to serious changes the might see new entities rising and old powers fading.
WHO 
The Fall of the Would-Be Emperor Turkey has the potential of becoming a significant global power, but to realize that, Erdogan must change course or leave. His arrogance, though, and self-styled piousness will prevent him from doing either and deny Turkey its deserving place to play a constructive role on the global stage.
Iran Nuclear Talks Deadline May Be Extended To March, Say Officials 
In Fiji First Responders Train to Address Sexual Violence in Disasters The program seeks to help first responders better recognize and address gender-based violence and ensure that safety concerns for women are incorporated into disaster-risk-reduction planning and needs assessments.
Cambodia Takes Multi-Pronged Approach to Confronting Gender-Based Violence Supported by UN Women, the Government of Cambodia established a Technical Working Group on Gender and Gender-Based Violence, consisting of key line ministries, civil society organizations and development partners.
The Battle for Jerusalem It will either be the last battle Palestinians will fight before Israeli Jews take East Jerusalem over. Or it is the first battle of a larger struggle -- in which Jerusalem serves as a magnet for militants from wherever they hail -- Sunni or Shia, secular and Islamist, takfiris, jihadis, or nationalists.
Despite Legal Gains, Turkish Women Are Still Dying Over The Right To Divorce 
Israel's Move Into East Jerusalem Could Spark More Violence 
In Jerusalem, Recent Violence Is Measured by a Long History The \war to end all wars,\ as the Great War was called, has instead become a war that has never ended. No single city held more emotional and sacred power in the First World War than Jerusalem, a power that still resonates and still stirs conflict.
TentEd in Iraq; Interviews and Winter Edition Since the first TentEd visit to Kurdistan, a lot has changed in the region so I sat down with its co-founder Zack recently to find out what he sees has been accomplished and what he thinks he can get done with another visit to the region.
My Brother Abdul-Rahman Kassig James Foley, Steven Sotloff, David Haines, and now Abdul-Rahman Kassig.  Each of these men dedicated their lives to serving the long-suffering Syrian people, either by sharing with the world their stories and exposing the truth as journalists, or to alleviate their suffering as aid workers.
Empowering Young Africans With a Voice While social problems continue to exist, there is a new storyline emerging from Africa. One that is full of promise and hope. It's about young people eager to learn, who embrace technology, want to start businesses, and take part in international trade.
Don't Make Excuses for a Genocidal Criminal Ghulam Azam, a war criminal, died in a Bangladeshi prison on October 23 while serving a 90-year sentence.
Bridging the East with the West For a man who is one of the top billionaires in Dubai, Khalaf Al Habtoor should rest easy. He is one of the most respected businessmen in the United Arab Emirates, has become an international figure, and is self-made. But he has more work to do.
Genetic Big Data 
What a Clean Energy Partnership Can Look Like With both trade and climate change making news in recent weeks, it is fitting that I just completed my first official trade policy mission as Under Secretary of Commerce for International Trade.
Report 
America Is Not a 911 Number On a recent visit to Europe I was most struck by the latent and open anti-American sentiments that are contaminating the political elites across the continent. This is especially strange in a year when we commemorate  the end of the Cold War.
People's Power Coming to Asia Over recent weeks the agenda about Asia has been suffused by summit meetings. All interesting, yes, fascinating. But behind the veil a much larger and more captivating issue lurks
Sometimes Being Wrong Can Be More Valuable Than Being Right 
ISIS Hostage Worked Tirelessly For Syrians 
Giving Abdul-Rahman Kassig The Last Word 
ISIS Claims It Has Beheaded Another American Hostage 
End the International Drug War to Control the Afghan Narco-State The U.S. government has failed to stop the drug trade at home. Washington also has not created a competent, effective, and honest central government in Afghanistan. How effective will Kabul be in limiting opium production when American troops go home?
Resolving Conflicts in Romania An ethnic map of Romania explains a great deal about the relations between the majority and the minorities in Romania. Ethnic Hungarians have an absolute majority in two counties -- Harghita and Covasna -- in the very heart of the country.
UK Prime Minister Condemns Murder Of Islamic State Hostage Kassig 
Zealot at South Coast Repertory 
The India Sterilization Tragedy; Highlighting the Need for Better Choices, Safer Procedures Earlier this week 13 women died in Chhattisgarh in central India. They died after undergoing sterilization in a high-volume, low-cost \mass production\ type campaign commonly termed \surgical camp.\
A Message From the People of Egypt's South Sinai The more the name of Sinai can be reclaimed and coupled with positive associations and the more things might begin to change for its local Bedouin communities, whose livelihoods and name have suffered through misinformed narratives about the Sinai for too long.
What Is Fueling Rising Tensions In Jerusalem? 
Weekend Roundup It takes a strong state, not (to paraphrase Hillary Clinton) a democratic village, to aggressively fight climate change. This is the inconvenient message emerging in the wake of the Xi-Obama deal on global warming announced in Beijing this week. \n\nBoth leaders will pursue executive action to fulfill their pledges. As Kerry Brown writes, Xi's decision is binding within China because a long process of consultation and consensus building within the Communist Party stands behind it. What Obama can do is up for grabs. No sooner did the pledge escape his lips than the incoming Republican majority leaders in the U.S. Congress make their own pledge to block Obama by any means necessary.  \n\nIn The WorldPost this week, World Bank president Jim Yong Kim writes that the landmark Xi-Obama agreement is not only good for the environment, but also for the economy. Environmentalist Bill McKibben parses out \what the deal is, and what it isn't.\ (continued)
The Power Politics Behind China's Climate Pledge 
The Art of Storytelling 
The Occupiers 
Growth Potential 
Presented Without Comment... 
Rat Poison Found In Drugs Blamed For India Sterilization Deaths 
Dutch Police Arrest 60 At Black Pete Festival 
Putin Under Fire Over Ukraine At G-20 Summit 
Making It in Lowicz When we first met 23 years ago, Wojciech Waligorski worked for a newspaper devoted to sobriety. He updated me on the state of alcoholism in Poland. We also talked about the impact of former Communist officials, the role of religion in \u0141owicz, and what people expect from a local newspaper.
Uruguay's President Declines $1 Million Offer For Beloved Beetle 
France's Prime Minister Knows What's in a Name This is not the first time that Manuel Valls has proposed changing the name of the French Socialist Party. That he has returned to the subject from the vantage point of his present position -- which is, like it or not, the head of the majority -- obviously gives his suggestion new weight.
What Berlin (and Brussels) Can Teach Cairo and Washington While business and trade promotion may not correspond to our desire for bald action in favor of democracy and human rights, they do, however, represent a fundamental step toward them. But most of all -- differently from bombs -- they can contribute to restore the US's most powerful tool of all
When Going to School Does Not Mean Learning The second target of the U.N. Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), agreed upon in 2000 by world leaders and set to expire next year, is to \ensure that by 2015, children everywhere, boys and girls alike will be able to complete a full course of primary schooling.\ So, how far are we now?
Indira Gandhi It's hard to believe now that three decades have rolled by since Prime Minister Indira Gandhi of India was assassinated in her own garden in New Delhi by two Sikh bodyguards. India changed forever on that day.
The Trap of Islam's Eternal Conflict There are many things the U.S. can do to help degrade and destroy ISIS, as President Obama claims as his goal. But letting ourselves get buried deeper into the middle of this centuries-old sectarian morass should not be one of them.
Armistice Day and WWI's Global Effects What rapidly came to be called the \Great War\ was widely understood not just as a \world\ war but also as an \epochal\ moment in world history. It was the first \total war\ in which entire nations and peoples could be organized toward the waging of war.
Berlin Wall 
25 Years After The Fall Of The Berlin Wall, These Barriers Are Still Standing 
Reports 
Heaviest Shelling In A Month Hits Eastern Ukraine 
To Build or to Destroy On November 9, 1989, I was an exchange student in Sc.Po., Paris. Packed with 2000 fellow students in the Institute's amphitheater, we were listening to a conference about unrest in Eastern Europe.
Protesters Set Mexican Presidential Palace On Fire 
Fall Of The Berlin Wall 25 Years Ago Marked In Germany 
Lessons of the Berlin Wall's Forgotten Aftermath Though the Wende, or \Change,\ freed the East German people from over forty years of Stalinist dictatorship, remembering the forgotten side of German unification -- when right-wing hooligans waged thousands of attacks on defenseless foreigners -- provides a cautionary tale of failed leadership.
It's Been 25 Years Since The Fall Of The Berlin Wall. These 16 Photos Tell The Story. 
25 Years After Berlin, Do We Still Need Walls? The European Union demonstrates a way forward
15,000 Foreign Fighters Have Joined Extremist Groups In Iraq And Syria. Here's Why They Went 
On Peacekeeping Conflicts in faraway places matter in various ways to the United States. These conflicts matter because we recognize that violence within any particular country can quickly cause national and regional instability, displacing millions of people, upending markets.
U.S. Officials 
As Russia Draws Closer To China, U.S. Faces A New Challenge 
My Appeal to Our Leaders and to All of Us Bloodshed in Europe and the Middle East against the backdrop of a breakdown in the dialogue between major powers is of enormous concern. The world is on the brink of a new Cold War. Some are even saying that it's already begun.
U.S. Airstrikes Target ISIS Leaders In Iraq 
Philippines Remembers Thousands Killed A Year After Typhoon Haiyan 
Oscar Haza Of all the faces that circulate on the illegal information networks, there is a very serene and well-known one that has been with us for decades.
Weekend Roundup The world is at a tipping point. Twenty-five years after the fall of the Berlin Wall and the ensuing rise of China and other emerging economies, fragile institutions -- the Asia Pacific Economic Community summit taking place in Beijing and the G-20 in a few days in Brisbane -- are trying to hold the links of peace and prosperity together.
What Will Happen to Aasia Bibi? I, as a practicing Muslim, hear these very brave, very resilient voices echo in a well, cyclically, in the asphyxiating, verging-on-blind bigotry of the confines of that hallowed institution called the court of law in a Muslim country called Pakistan.
The American People Have Punished Obama For His Weakness The Republican-dominated Congress intends to rob Obama of the means to achieve a legacy, which Obama plans to weave through the nuclear negotiations with the Islamic Republic of Iran.
What Does German Unity Mean to the Post-Cold War Generation? The Fall of the Wall in 1989 wasn't this generation's emotional joint \German\ experience; more probably, the FIFA World Cup 2006 was.
What Was the Biggest Battle Ever Fought? There have been large and protracted actions defined as battles that have lasted weeks, months, or years. But if we want to narrow the definition of \battle\ to be defined as a single uninterrupted moment of conflict, then September 12, 1683 is a strong contender.
7 Ways Data Currently Being Collected About You Could Hurt Your Career or Personal Life Databases may be defaming you without you even knowing it.
China and India's Next Rivalry The two countries are expected to account for the largest demand of energy resources between now and 2035, according to a report by BP, and have been working diligently to secure new sources of energy.
Finding the 'E' in the Fight Against Ebola Without question, a central tool in the fight to contain and drive out the scourge of Ebola is the digital communications infrastructure.
Falling Oil Prices Reveal America's Fracking Trap -- And Saudi Arabia's Continued Energy Dominance Far from leading America to a future of energy independence, the fracking boom has locked the country into a high-cost game.
UN Warns It Is Running Low On Funds To Help Desperate Syrians This Winter 
New ISIS Video May Show Fighters Discussing Sale Of Captured Girls On \Slave Market\ 
To Feel Meaningful Is To Feel Immortal 
Why Taxation Must Go Global Rules that were devised for this in the 1920s and 1930s are no longer suitable for today's international integration of economic processes and corporate structures. They need to be adapted to the economic reality of digital services.
Heavy Fighting In Kobani After Peshmerga Join Battle 
REPORT 
Horrifying Scale Of ISIS Massacre Emerges 
Avoiding the Yugoslav Scenario The first war of nationalist extremism in East-Central Europe in the post-1989 era could easily have been in Romania, not Yugoslavia. Before conflicts between Serbs and Croats escalated into violence, ethnic Hungarians and ethnic Romanians squared off against each other.
The Costs of Ebola 
Burkina Faso Army Backs Officer To Lead Country 
France's National Front Reaches Highest Membership Number Since Party Was Founded 
Top Expert Predicts Iran's Supreme Leader Will Reject Nuclear Deal 
How Pharmaceutical Companies Torpedo Cannabis Legalization 
Boko Haram 
Separatists Hold Elections In War-Torn East Ukraine 
Battle For Kobani Unites Kurds Divided By Borders 
China To Send Elite Army Unit To Ebola-Hit Liberia 
Thousands Protest In Burkina Faso To Demand President Resigns 
Time to Celebrate the Bravest of the Brave The UN AIDS agency estimates there are 132 million orphans -- children younger than 18 who have one parent dead. Thirteen million have neither parent alive.
The Real Bibi Bibi is many things, not all positive by any means. But, to demonize so accomplished a man leading a democratic state in a region teeming with radical terrorist and fundamentalist groups is much worse than merely attempting to discredit him by making all these ad hominem attacks.
Weekend Roundup The savagery of ISIS, the slaughterhouse of Syria's civil war, the marauding militias in Libya and the restored autocracy in Egypt have devoured the hopes of the Facebook generation that spawned the Arab Spring. In Tunisia alone the spirit of the Jasmine Revolution still flowers. \n\nWhile the character of Tunisian society and culture has much to celebrate with its success, including just-completed peaceful elections that favored the main secular party, there is another factor
Jobs In a time of monumental change in the MENA region, people continue to seek hope through better opportunity.
It's Been 200 Days Since Boko Haram Kidnapped 200 Girls. Nigerians Have Not Stopped Protesting 
The Leaderless Political Orphans of Jerusalem Revolt The silent Intifada that is taking place today in Jerusalem is one result of the Israeli policy of denying Palestinians their rights and refusing to include Jerusalem in serious talks.
Leo DiCaprio 
Kurdish Soccer Team Sparks Swedish FA Ire Over Battle for Kobani, Sparks Debate on What Is Politics? The dispute over the nature of Dalkurd's support for Kobani raises the question of what the border line is, if there is one, between humanitarian and political aid to groups in distress as a result of conflict as well as the double standards applied by some Western nations.
You'll Never Guess What Kim Jong Un Is Doing Now 
This Is How Thoroughly Rotten and Corrupt Hong Kong's Government Is As we know, there are many businesses set up by mainland interests in Hong Kong. They just have to appoint a dummy who is a Hong Kong permanent resident to go and vote on their behalf for the representative of their choice.
The Chance for a Multi-Ethnic Bosnia Forging universal attachment to a multi-ethnic Bosnian state will not be easy, but the stakes for the West are high. Any attempt at division of Bosnia and Herzegovina would restart civil war and radicalize the heretofore secular Muslim community, raising the specter of an Islamist country in the heart of Europe.
China and Russia Forge Cybersecurity Partnership Without the U.S. 
Burka Avenger Joins Pakistan's Fight Against Polio 
For Post-2015, International Community Should Focus on Enabling Sustainable Development It is time for the international community to roll up its sleeves and get to the business of deciding the world's new development agenda, known as the Post-2015 Agenda, the successor to the Millennium Development Goals which expire at the end of next year.
The Middle East Crises Peace and security are the requisite conditions for social and economic development, which in turn is closely linked with development of democracy and respect for human rights. Without security, democracy and respect for human rights, there will be no economic development.
The Kidnapping Capital of America and a Thriving Drug Trade Regardless of whether or not it can be considered the Kidnapping Capital of the U.S.A., Phoenix has become a hub for illicit activity, with the state serving as the largest drug gateway into America.
Why the UN Rejected Turkey's Bid for a Security Council Seat? By ignoring all these legitimate reasons for Turkey's failure to win the Security Council seat, Foreign Minister Cavusoglu falsely attributed his country's defeat to its reluctance to abandon \its values for the sake of getting more votes.\
Alabanians Red-Carded Over Own Drone-Goal A debacle of a football match between Serbia and Albania has triggered a new wave of Balkan political tensions that deepens a traditional gap between the two nations whose historical collision has become an inseparable part of Balkan identity.
10 Things The World Should Know About Tunisia's Elections 
Massive Blast Rocks Central Baghdad 
The Psychology Of Color 
Deadly Attacks On Security Personnel In Egypt Spur Stronger Crackdown On Dissent 
'Pure Pragmatism Is Producing the Monsters Around Us' 
UN Ebola Chief 
Woman Hanged In Iran Sent Family Chilling Message 
Police Release Details On Ottawa Shooter's Motive 
Britain Ends Its Combat Role In Afghanistan 
Kurds In Kobani Repulse Islamic State Attack On Border Gate 
Egypt Jails 23 Young Activists For Protesting 
Teachers, Staff At Top International School Accused Of Raping Students As Young As 5 
Mounting Israeli-Palestinians Tensions Reverberate on the Soccer Pitch Mounting tension between Israel and Palestinians on the occupied West Bank and in East Jerusalem have spilt on to Israeli Palestinian soccer pitches in Israel proper as Israel swings towards ultra-nationalists that make Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu look like the best card in a bad hand.
Kurds, Iraqi Troops Recapture Territory From ISIS 
NYT Describes Terrifying Ordeal Of ISIS Prisoners Before Beheadings 
Iran Hangs Woman Convicted Of Killing Alleged Rapist 
The Extraordinary Life Of A Flight Paramedic In The Canadian Arctic 
Mark Zuckerberg When Mark Zuckerberg spoke in Mandarin, no matter how deformed his tones, no matter how American (and non-Chinese) his phrasing of thoughts, no matter how obviously rehearsed the Q&A interactions, the most important communication was embodied in Mr. Zuckerberg's effort itself.
China Rebuffs U.N. Call For Hong Kong Political Reform 
Tunisia Forces Kill 5 Women In Militant Raid 
Tunisia As the Tunisian elections are scheduled to take place next Sunday, political groups and parties are gearing up for a battle they described as \transformative moment\ in the history of Tunisia.
40 Photos From An Epic Road Trip Through North Korea 
Ottawa Shooting Video Released 
Music Is What Feelings Sound Like 
Kobani Sure Looks Important to the Strategy Now, Doesn't It? Why engage in all of those strike operations if Kobani is not an integral part of the strategy, as John Kerry said last week?
Hungary in Revolt, 1956 
The Moment of Truth for North Korea Listening to Mrs. Kim Hye-sook share the horror of life as an inmate in one of North Korea's notorious political prison camps at a packed event at the UN earlier yesterday, it was hard not to be affected by the brutality that defined her life for nearly three decades.
China's Millionaires Are Fleeing. Here's Why China has become the world's second biggest economy in the past 30 years, but has failed to grow into a state under the rule of law.
'He Was Lost And Did Not Fit In' 
First Ebola Case Confirmed In Mali 
President Obama Extends Warmest Wishes for Diwali \Knowledge will defeat ignorance, and compassion will triumph over despair.\
Ebola's Economic Impact Threatens To Cripple Once-Rapidly Growing Sierra Leone Under the very obvious and serious health issues facing the country is an equally troubling and broad set of concerns that are deeply impacting the local Sierra Leonean economy and the rest of the region.
Youth Unemployment Dominates Headlines Wherever I Report No matter which country I report from across the Middle East and Africa, unemployment almost always tops the conversation, often trumping all other grievances that dominate headlines.
Watch The Harrowing Story Of A Yazidi Woman Fighting Back Against ISIS 
Send in the Air Force Combat Controllers and Green Berets to Destroy ISIS. As Rome (or at least Kobani) burns and faces the very real threat of a Srebrenica-style massacre, it is time for the US to stop fiddling and entertain the idea of putting small groups of US troops into the fray to empower our Kurdish peshmerga, Free Syrian Army and Iraqi government allies.
Nigeria Says It Struck A Cease-Fire With Boko Haram, But Are They Talking To The Right Guy? 
Mexico's Foreign Minister Pushes for UNSC Reforms, Strong Ties With India Addressing a public program in New Delhi today, Foreign Minister of Mexico, Dr. Jose A. Meade Kuribrena, pushed for reforms in the United Nations Security Council, in an oblique indication of support to India's bid for a permanent seat in the international forum.
An Undying Bicycle Tradition 
Suicide Bomber Kills At Least 19 Outside Baghdad Mosque 
Liberian Leader Warns Ebola Risks Causing A 'Lost Generation' 
Fiercest Fighting In Days Between Kurds And ISIS In Kobani 
Hong Kong More Volatile Than Ever Despite Looming Talks 
Congressional Hearing On Ebola Was 'Shameful,' Janet Napolitano Says 
Sweden Is Hunting For A 'Foreign' Submarine Off Stockholm 
The Ray of Hope from Nigeria Should Inspire Us to Provide Safe Schools for Every Girl With the possibility that the Chibok girls will go free soon, we must intensify our efforts for the wider global goal that every girl has the chance to be at school, safe and free from violence.
'If We Run And They Kill Us, So Be It. But We Have To Run Now.' 
Hong Kong Protesters Retake Streets 
Death Toll Climbs In Nepal Mountain Disaster 
Militants Attack Nigerian Villages Despite Reported Boko Haram Cease-Fire 
Gaza Still Needs Rebuilding. Here's What Lies Ahead 
Managing the Madness in the Middle East The key to untangling this mess and creating a series of tactical and strategic responses is to understand one basic truth
ISIS Has Captured 3 Warplanes, Witnesses Say 
How North Korea Became So Isolated 
Only 4 Percent Of Drone Victims In Pakistan Identified As Al Qaeda Members 
Brazil at a Crossroads As the votes come in next Sunday, leaders across all sectors should take note of the opportunities that this election offers and discern the best steps to work with either administration.
U.S. Medics Soon To Start Staffing Ebola Hospital In Liberia 
Conflicting Priorities for the Members of the Anti-ISIS Coalition Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan will not compromise on the conditions he set out to President Barack Obama, for entering as a direct party to the war on ISIS.
Why Some Syrians Are Against Strikes on ISIS U.S.-led airstrikes aimed at ISIS are being met with resistance in Syria. Some ask why it took the death of U.S. journalist James Foley for Washington to intervene.
On Non-Violent Islamic Extremism (2/3) The absence of real reformation has paved the ground for the re-Islamisation process and the rise of political Islam, and from its womb ISIS.
The Silver-Lining of US Airstrikes in Syria The success or failure of the open-ended American military intervention in Iraq and Syria will not be apparent for years, yet there is one area where the US mission has already yielded improvements
Nigeria - A Fractured Giant? The lack of credible information from official security sources and unresolved past conflicts has helped to trigger a low in the national morale. Nigerians largely feel that they are not getting the answers that they need, so they are creating or finding ways to get them.
U.S. \vs.\ China in Africa President Obama and Premier Li Keqiang
Scenes of 'Fury' 
ISIS May Have Chemical Weapons 
Culture Sh*t to Cultural Shift The challenge is for every Filipino to ask ourselves - \Am I subconsciously limiting myself by blinding following culture norms?\ \Am I robbing myself of exponential growth because I think of others highly and belittle my personal strengths?\
Wave Of Deadly Bombings Wrack Afghanistan 
Hundreds Tear Down Protesters' Barricades In Hong Kong 
Why Foreign Fighters Are Joining ISIL (Part 2) Whether ISIL fighters are \brain-washed\ or self-inculcated via the internet, the ISIL brand of radical Islam is turning men into remorseless killers.
A Historic Vote on Palestine in the British Parliament Gone is the rose-tinted vision of Israel as an island of democracy in a sea of irrational and violent Arabs. Gone is the belief that Israel wants to negotiate, if only it could find a partner to talk to. Gone, too, is the notion that there is symmetry in this conflict.
Massive Cyclone Reaches Peak Strength As It Batters India 
Bahrain Human Rights Defender Faces Charges for Tweet The lack of security force reform in Bahrain has been a source of political unrest in the kingdom for years, and although parts of the U.S. government have tried to push for human rights progress the messages from Washington have been inconsistent and contradictory.
The Role Of The Kurds In The Fight Against ISIS 
Reconstructing Gaza Means Reinventing Aid If donors want to finally contribute to a just and lasting peace, then they need to take a more balanced approach that includes inviting Hamas into the political process and holding Israel accountable for its actions.
The Fateful Decision Passage will send a message that the world is paying attention to their plight and recognizes their rights. It will also provide an incentive to those in the Palestinian leadership who have embraced a non-violent, diplomatic strategy to securing their rights.
Nobel Prize Winner Malala Warned Obama U.S. Drone Strikes Fuel Terrorism 
150,000 Evacuated As Massive Cyclone Approaches India 
Hong Kong Protesters Dig In For Long Haul 
Save Syrian Kurds From Slaughter In Kobani ISIS is on the verge of occupying Kobani, the Kurdish city on the Syria-Turkey border. The UN Special Envoy warns that up 700 people, mainly elderly, will \most likely be massacred.\ Kurdish fighters desperately need arms and ammunition to stave off the ISIS onslaught.
Hagel 
Women Who Loot Of course I was not a looter, the CNN camera makes all rebels into looters by definition. But my historical battle was that of yet another Balkan looting raid, against one's own parents and history. Not one Balkan war was ever won with clean hands.
Bill Maher Doesn't Know That FGM Is on the Rise in the West Bill Maher's been busy telling the world about the poor treatment of women by Muslims, bringing up female genital mutilation or FGM as evidence. And Reza Aslan did an admirable job correcting his many misconceptions.
David Cameron Is In Trouble 
North Korean Leader Misses Important Anniversary Event 
Malala Yousafzai, Kailash Satyarthi Win Nobel Peace Prize 
Legal Ruling Over a Bahraini Prince Opens the Floodgates The Prince Nasser ruling does not spell the end of the immunity system, but it curtails it. The government can still offer immunity to diplomats posted to embassies or to those on a \special mission\ who come for official meetings.
7 Passages By The New Nobel Prize Winner, French Novelist Patrick Modiano 
Suspected Ebola Case Investigated In Macedonia 
An Agenda for Supporters of a Two-State Solution While peace talks are frozen, settlement expansion marches on, threatening Israel's security and international standing and the rights and aspirations of Palestinians, and giving new fuel to the Boycotts, Divestment and Sanctions Movement. Hence the importance of emphasizing this issue at this time.
Daredevils Hack Billboard Atop Hong Kong Skyscraper 
Catalytic Development Assistance in Fragile States More and better development assistance is needed for the least developed and fragile states. More development assistance should go to the countries most in need.
Wall Street, Washington, and Brazil As the campaign hurdles toward October 26, here's to hoping either Dilma or A\u00e9cio will make good on their promise to answer the deafening calls for change.
Ayn Al Arab/Kobani Is Not the Decisive Battle Against IS 
E.U. Austerity, You Must Be Kidding The leading political lights in Europe -- Messrs. Hollande, Valls and Macron in France and Mr. Renzi in Italy -- are raising a big stink about fiscal austerity. They don't like it. And now Greece has jumped on the anti-austerity bandwagon.
Diabetic On Hunger Strike For Democracy In Hong Kong 
Turkey's Refusal To Help Besieged Kurds Fight ISIS Is Backfiring 
At Least 400 Killed In Battle For Kobani 
Turkish President Says Syrian Town Under Islamic State Siege Is About To Fall 
It's Time to Get Serious About Freedom of Religion Most of us have at least heard something about the fate of Iraq's Christians. Or of those in captivity due to blasphemy laws in Pakistan. But who has heard of the persecution of Rohingya Muslims in Burma, atheists in Saudi Arabia or Hindus in Bangladesh?
Ebola Burial Teams In Sierra Leone On Strike 
ISIS-ISIL-IS As columnist Nicholas Kristof wrote
Turns Out Henry Kissinger Really Despised Castro and the Cubans Thanks to the good folks and diligent researchers at the National Security Archive--a research organization at George Washington University--Americans will now be able to add another placeholder for the former Secretary of State
Comedians Send Powerful Message Against Sexual Harassment In India 
Finding the Missing Piece of Refugee and Asylum Policy Simply put, without the right to work and to earn a living, the idea of asylum as a \safe haven\ is not complete.
Remembering my Interview with Jean-Claude Duvalier Until the last minute I didn't believe it would happen. As we wound our way up the dark, mountain road into the hills outside of Port-au-Prince, I didn't know what to expect.  I had read that Baby Doc lived on Montagne Noir, but we weren't headed in that direction.
CLAIM 
Brazil's First Woman President Faces Runoff 
Business Backlash Looms In Occupied Hong Kong 
Ukraine's Military Says Separatists Violate Month-Old Ceasefire 
Deadly Suicide Bombing In Chechnya, Russian News Agencies Report 
U.S. Drone Strike Kills Senior Uzbek Commander In Pakistan 
Empowering Women in Romania The status of women in Romanian society has seen both improvements and setbacks over the last two decades. Accession to the EU initially brought advances, as the country had to meet European standards on equality. But some of those advances were short-lived.
Kurds Face Massacre In Syrian Border Town As Turkey Just Watches 
Iraqi Towns Fall to ISIS 
View From China 
Rival Protesters Face Off In Hong Kong 
U.S. Airstrikes Try To Halt ISIS Offensive On Syria Border Town 
Syrian Aid Workers Speak Of Help, Harm By U.S. In ISIS Campaign 
Yemen's Capital Fell To A Rebel Group And The World Hardly Noticed 
REPORT 
Major European Country To Recognize State Of Palestine 
Ugandan Doctor With Ebola Arrives In Germany For Treatment 
David vs Goliath- the Incredible Story of a Fearless Asian Activist Singapore meant a new life and in turn new ways of life. For the first time, David experienced a multicultural, multiracial and multireligious society, peacefully coexisting with each other. It was in Singapore that David observed, as a teenager, that minorities were at par with everybody else.
A New Muslim Identity for Afghans? Protecting Islam was his first pledge when Ashraf Ghani took leadership in Kabul yesterday.
The Women of Afghanistan Must Not Be Forgotten A marauding misogynist Taliban in the style of Islamic State is not a fantasy, and the Security Council could envision such an outcome with a resolution that would surely garner a wide consensus of support.
Ukraine Will Have to Live With Putin's Delusions There is no practical solution to the Russo-Ukrainian war. The most one can hope for is to \freeze\ it and thereby transform hot war into cold war between Russia and Ukraine and between Russia and the West. Cold war may not be the West's optimal solution, but, while inconvenient for everyone, it will be infinitely preferable to a hot war.
Turkish Riot Police Detain ISIS Sympathizers After Protesters Clash On Campus 
Three Graves, One Question Many things have changed in Tunisia since the revolution. There is greater room for freedom. Everybody can express their opinions. But there is nevertheless one constant that hasn't altered one iota
Russia's 'Potemkin Village' Elections The new, preliminary report on the Sept. 14, 2014, elections in Russia, prepared by the independent Russian electoral rights group Golos, describes in bewildering detail how vote manipulation is carried out. In St. Petersburg, it says, \all known illegal techniques were used\ against opposition and even rival pro-government candidates.
Q&A Palau is small, but its plans are big. President Tommy Remengesau, Jr. has colossal plans for his small island nation of 21,000 people. By creating the world's largest marine sanctuary -- the size of France -- he has deemed Palau's waters to be 80 percent protected.
What Shale Gas Revolution Means for International Energy Geopolitics and New World Order? Despite its undoubtedly revolutionary and here to stay nature of the shale gas, it has yet to reach out to emerging markets like G20 member countries such as Turkey, South Korea.
Hong Kong Pro-Democracy Academics Say Receiving Death Threats 
How ISIS Uses Wheat Supplies To Tighten Its Control In Iraq 
The Fault In Our Email 
These 10 Astonishing Photos Will Remind You Just How Beautiful The World Can Be 
Schizophrenia in Politics Leaders from 180 countries gathered last week at the United Nations, as the bombing in Syria begins. Confusion reigns.
Is Turkey Drifting Between ISIS & Putin? Until Turkish mainstream political parties fully embrace democratic values, Turkey's future becomes an uncertain one. Turkey may find itself going down the path of Russian style expansionism, or falling prey to religious extremism.
Moby Animal agriculture is responsible for producing more climate change gases than every car, boat, bus, truck, motorcycle and airplane on the planet. Combined.
America, Don't Repeat Your Iraq Mistake In Afghanistan, Indian Prime Minister Modi Says 
Watch Protesters Tear Down A Massive Lenin Statue In Ukraine 
A U.S. Company May Have Helped Putin Strike Oil Gold In The Arctic 
Hong Kong Protesters To Retreat Over Fears Of Rubber Bullets 
The Limits of Ideology Next year will see the 50th anniversary of the creating of Singapore, widely hailed as one of the most successful of the Asian tigers. In that short space of time, the tiny nation state has grown into one of the world's largest financial cities.
PHOTOS 
Saudi Crapshoot in Yemen While all eyes are on Syria and Iraq, another intervention is taking place in Yemen. The coalition involved here is more of an understanding than a military pact, but it is proving to be just as effective.
Massive Pro-Democracy Protest Rages In Hong Kong 
Hikers Race To Escape Mount Ontake Volcano Eruption In Harrowing Video 
The Flawed Logic of Russian Sanctions (and Why They Might Be Useful Anyway) Western sanctions are harming the Russian economy, but that doesn't mean they will achieve anything the West wants in Ukraine.
Al Qaeda And ISIS Had A Spectacular Falling Out. Here's What Happened 
Islamic State Defies Airstrikes 
British Fighter Jets Fly Over Iraq 
Al Qaeda-Linked Militants Fire Rocket Towards U.S. Embassy In Yemen 
Violent Protests In Hong Kong As Tens Of Thousands Flood Streets 
How ISIS Is Using Oil To Fund Its Terror 
Progress In Nuke Talks 'Extremely Slow' 
Here's What We Know About How The Islamic State Is Run 
Three World Leaders Speak on the Future of Israel and Palestine 
WATCH 
Confronting ISIL The international community is correctly determined to reverse the rise of ISIL by force. But ultimately armed conflict, counterterrorism and law-enforcement are insufficient to reverse the tide of violent extremism.
Turks Held By The Islamic State 
Obama Adopts a Reactive Approach Rather Than Showing Leadership This is not a conscious leadership. This is a classically reactive policy. If only the U.S. president would rise up to the level of challenges with a comprehensive strategy rather than tactics that keep him trapped in the \in-between\ box.
Is Yemen On The Brink Of Civil War? 
Two Traditional Languages Evade Extinction With the Internet The National Geographic Enduring Voices Project has just launched two new \Talking Dictionaries\ for Yokoim and Panim, two small and endangered languages making their internet debut in 2014.
Life Sentence for Bin Laden's Son-in-Law Is Hardly 'Soft' on Terrorism Critics have expressed legitimate concerns about U.S. conspiracy law, saying it's too easy to convict some people accused of low-level terrorist assistance and sentence them to hard time in highly restrictive prisons. But the claim that the U.S. prison system gives terrorists rights that ought to be reserved for U.S. citizens is simply impossible to support.
Turkish Leader Erdogan's Misstep in NYC In a speech that was supposedly aimed at promoting Turkey's interests, Erdogan came off as a defensive and suspicious man, who sees conspiracies everywhere and feels misunderstood by everybody and thinks he is threatened from all sides.
Wife Of ISIS Hostage Receives Recording Of Husband Pleading For His Life 
What Do America's Arab Partners Against ISIS Really Want? 
As U.S. Strikes Syria, Turkey Shies Away From Fighting Islamic State 
Climate Change Is a Cause That Should Unite Us All Let us send a clear and unequivocal signal that failure to act will have consequences at the ballot box for politicians and for the bottom line of businesses. If leaders are unwilling to lead when leadership is required, people must.
Reflections on the Jewish New Year As we mark the end of another year with the advent of Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish New Year, we pause to take stock of the year that has passed, to learn from ourselves, our experiences and our mistakes as we move forward to build a better future.
Growing Up in Transylvania Agnes Gagyi has followed in the footsteps of her parents to become a critical intellectual. We talked about the rise and fall of extreme nationalism in Transylvania, the arrival of NGOs in Romania, the roots of the new populism in Hungary, and the emergence of the Fourth Republic.
Are Cuban Lives Better Because We Can Pay for Things With Both Currencies? In a society with such great economic distortions, paper money has lost the capacity to express the value of merchandise. The illegal market, the massive inflow of remittances, the diversion of resources and the invisible capital of one's political standing, completely alter the valuation of each product.
WATCH LIVE 
Afghanistan's Election Body Names Country's New President-Elect 
Yemen's Prime Minister Resigns Amid Chaos 
Management That Is Doomed to Fail By any yardstick, the conflicts of the Middle East are not being well managed. Three states have failed - Iraq, Syria and Libya - two of these as a consequence of Western intervention. Other states like Yemen are tottering.
Being #OpenlySecular Is the First Step To Eliminating the Stigma The Openly Secular coalition hopes to eliminate the social costs of coming forward. It is lamentable that people fear they are risking their jobs, businesses and personal relationships, simply through being true to who they are.
These Gorgeous Photos Of Hong Kong In The Fifties Will Make You Nostalgic For An Era Long Gone 
49 Turkish Hostages Seized By ISIS Freed 
Why Thousands Of Refugees Have Drowned Trying To Get To Europe This Year 
ON LOCKDOWN 
French Farmers Set Vegetables, Manure Ablaze To Protest Falling Prices 
Afghan Presidential Rivals Finally Make A Deal 
Intimidation, Uncertainty Mar Aid Work in Myanmar's Rakhine State The aid response in the western Burmese state has been tricky since two bouts of communal violence between Rakhine Buddhists and the minority Rohingya Muslims in June and October 2012 resulted in more than 140,000 people -- mostly Rohingyas -- being forced to flee to camps.
A War Worth Fighting, But We're Not There Yet I'm not one of those who scoffed at the President, a few weeks back, when he told reporters that he had not yet developed a strategy to confront ISIL -- the precursor to IS. Despite the rants of critics on the right, I want my President to spend time developing a strategy.
Robots Are Not Just Taking Over Jobs \u2013- They're Taking Over Economics As We Know It People often mistakenly get the impression that modern economists care deeply about individual choice. Instead, robots are increasingly used to supersede human choices.
Women's Right to Attend Sports Events at Centre of Iran's Culture Wars The arrest In June of 25-year old Ghoncheh Ghavami together with more than a dozen other women as they tried to enter a stadium where the Iranian national men's team was playing Italy was first disclosed earlier this month by The Guardian.
The U.S. Wants to Contain Russia But Cooperate With China The U.S. government believes that, as the inheritor of tsarist Russia and Soviet Union, Russia has expansionist and hegemonic traditions that China doesn't have. It believes Russia always has policies that challenge and attempt to supplant the existing international order while China doesn't. In many circumstances, China sees itself as a beneficiary of the current international order.
Edge of Revolution This is not about a clash of ephemeral political parties that you may not have heard of in a country far away. This is about a timeless issue of standing up to bullies who exert power simply because of their stature. This is about knowing in your heart what is inherently right.
Not Everyone Tweeting ISIS Threats Is Actually Representing The Group 
ISIS, Torture and World Silence About Women The United Nations must condemn the attacks against women as war crimes to the full extent, and direct that ISIS fighters be prosecuted in International Criminal Court. This, too, is an international outrage. These actions are not only achievable, but long overdue.
Prepping for Game Day Preparation for game day is neither exciting nor easy. It requires an intense amount of study and if not built on a solid foundation of analysis, can quickly lose focus and become reactive.
Dear Anti-Marcoses, Pro-Marcoses, and the Spirit of Philippine Martial Law The success of the political landscape of the Philippines is contigent upon how we can move the populace out of poverty and bring them to the educated middle class with power and decision making.
Obama Is Wrong That ISIS Is 'Not Islamic' ISIS, in short, is as Wahhabist -- or more so -- as the Saudi King, Abdullah. There is here, surely, a delicious irony in Obama and Kerry taking upon their shoulders the task of seeking the \delegitimization\ of the very doctrine from which the Saudi kingdom is derived. The only upholder of \true Islam\ and custodian of Mecca happens to share the \same\ Islam as ISIS. How can King Abdullah then denounce it? And how could any Muslim, familiar with the issues, take any such denunciation -- were it to be made -- seriously?
Archeologists Make Grisly Discovery At Sobibor 
Iran 
Scottish Independence Weathering the future under the shelter of the UK or setting hope on their own strengths as a small country under the European umbrella, for the first time in centuries there is a real choice which road to take.
Why Palestine Should Join the International Criminal Court Were the PA to join the ICC and initiate a case against Israel, it would be adhering to a strategy long advocated for by Palestinian civil society to use mechanisms of popular pressure -- legal action, boycotts, protests -- to advance national aims.
Ukraine The events of the last several months have revealed fundamental failures of the state
Scotland's Leading Historian Explains Why He Changed His Mind On Independence 
Global Inequality Shared prosperity is not achievable if we are not able to include those people at the larger bottom in the process of growth. From the perspective of the world development community, proportion of inequality may matter less than inclusion of the people left behind.
The World's Worst Ebola Outbreak, By The Numbers 
What Would an Independent Scotland's Foreign Policy Look Like? On September 18, Scots will go to the polls and decide whether to remain part of the UK. The debate has mostly focused on economics, with banking, oil and debt dominating the discourse. Largely absent from the discussion has been international affairs.
The EU Provoked Putin, Not NATO What provoked Putin early in November 2013 and later in February 2014 was not Ukraine-NATO integration, but rather EU accession. If anything, serious discussions of Ukraine's NATO membership in 2014 began after (not prior to) Russia's aggression against Ukraine.
President of UN General Assembly Must Promote Human Rights for All On Tuesday, Uganda's Minister for Foreign Affairs Sam Kutesa assumes his responsibilities as President of the 69th Session of the United Nations General Assembly.
How Modi's India Is Reshaping Asia How Modi navigates between a number of adverse currents -- tensions between Japan and China, between Japan and Korea, between China and Vietnam -- will determine the extent to which Asia will play a role in shaping international relations over the next few decades.
Independence Movements in Europe Some of these are well known like those in the Basque Country, Catalonia and Flanders.  Others are much more surprising -- for example, hands up if you really knew about the Venetian and Bavarian independence movements?
Are The U.S. And Iraq On The Same Page? 
Remember #BringBackOurGirls? This Is What Happened In The 5 Months Since 
China On Track To Develop Indian Railways As Xi Heads To South Asia 
Scottish Independence Coming Down To A Close Vote, Polls Say 
Arab Countries Offer To Join Airstrikes Against ISIS 
If Not Us, Who? I was one of the six Americans selected to live and work in the Soviet Union in the fall of 1974. I was 25 years old. And I went with a sense of youthful idealism, believing that such person-to-person contact could help ease tensions between nations.
Palestinians Pressure UEFA Not to Award the Tournament to Israel Palestinian soccer clubs and non-governmental organizations have called on European soccer governor UEFA to this week shy away from awarding Israel the right to host the 2020 UEFA European Championship.
UK's Cameron Resists Calls For Airstrikes Against ISIS 
Uganda Arrests 19 Suspects Tied To Plotting An 'Imminent' Terror Attack 
Islamic State Attracts Female Jihadis From The U.S. Heartland 
Arab Nations Offer to Conduct Airstrikes Against ISIS, U.S. Officials Say 
Can Art Bring Israel and Palestine Closer Together? The Creative Community for Peace was born officially yesterday with a full-page ad in the New York Times calling the \arts (to be) used to build bridges of peace\ in Israel and Palestine, and perhaps the world.
Family's Moving Tribute To David Haines 
Sweden Election Results Offer Uncertain Future For Austerity 
A New HBO Documentary Shows What It's Really Like Inside A Terror Attack 
Family Of British Hostage Appeal To ISIS 
Thousands Of Unionists March To Keep Scotland In The UK 
Ebola Epidemic Expected To Progress At Alarming Rate 
Reports 
New Al Qaeda Branch Attacks Wrong Ship 
Obama's Last Chance to Control His Credibility President Barack Obama has a precious opportunity to carve out a legacy for himself and carry out a coup against the reputation of weakness, repudiation and retreat that has dogged and haunted him.
Indonesia Reform, Please The Indonesian stock market has just hit a record high on the hope that the incoming President, Joko Widodo, will push through economic reforms. But, what path should he follow?
ISIL's Abuse of Women and Girls Must Be Stopped Such viciousness against innocents exposes ISIL's blatant rejection of the most basic progress we have made as a community of nations and the universal values that bind civilization.
NATO Sobers Up Despite many pressures on the body to take some sort of decisive action to counter the Russian threat to Ukraine -- beyond sanctions already instituted -- the 28 NATO countries agreed to make only a few limited measures on Ukraine, but mainly focused on strengthening their own security interests.
Australia Raises Terrorism Threat Level 
Fighting the Islamic State Decades of entrenched autocratic mismanagement and abusive rule in the Middle East and North Africa cannot be erased overnight. Similarly, they cannot be reversed by foreign intervention.
WATCH LIVE 
Obama Continues Misdirection in U.S. Policy Toward Cuba 
Why India Should Take Al Qaeda's Threat Very Seriously Even though the U.S. has downplayed the threat posed by Al Qaeda, Prime Minister Narendra Modi would be wise to take this particular instance more seriously. Unlike previous saber rattling by Al Qaeda or even Pakistan, this latest threat is more dangerous because of its timing and agenda.
You're Probably Not Asking Enough Questions About U.S. Military Action Against ISIS 
Why Japan Misreads China -- And What To Do About It 
ISIS Is A Threat To U.S. Interests, Top Official Says. Here's What's Being Done About It 
Japan, U.S. Eye Military 'Strike Capability' For Tokyo 
Why Would the United States Help a Terrorist Organization In Iraq? Iran cannot be considered a credible -- or desirable -- partner in Iraq, and they control Baghdad. That makes Baghdad, strategically, an adversary.
From Green to Black It had been a hot August day. I managed to get my passport stamped by the Turkish authorities, and head to the bus loading area, where I would begin my journey back home, into Syria.
The Humanitarian Myths of Israel's \Roof-Knocking\ Policy in Gaza The Israeli military claims that roof-knocking was an effective method of warning to avoid harm to civilians. These knocks, however, do not reflect the soft tones the nickname implies.
Confronting ISIL -- What Next? We have seen a large number of atrocities, such as the beheading of journalists, mass killings, the selling of children into slavery as well as the sexual exploitation of women throughout ISIL lands -- all of which will persist and worsen without action.
MH17 Disaster 
Killing And Preaching, Boko Haram Carves Our 'Caliphate' 
Why You Should Care About Scotland's Independence Vote 
China's Potemkin Villages What we are witnessing is the inevitable day of reckoning between a sclerotic centralized bureaucracy and a runaway free enterprise economy that lacks stabilizing institutions to curb excessive behavior.
The Best Leaders Are Insatiable Learners 
The Salaam Games What if we could bring a broad range of these personalities in the Muslim world together for an event celebrating diversity while showcasing unity, strength, and peace?
The Brutal Truth Of What The Islamic State Is Doing To Women 
How Not to Win Hearts and Minds in Africa The U.S. is trying to win a war for the hearts and minds of Africa.  But a Pentagon investigation suggests that those mystery projects somewhere out there in Djibouti or Ethiopia or Kenya or here in Tanzania may well be orphaned, ill-planned, and undocumented failures-in-the-making.
Why Changing The World Is A Two-Step Process 
Ukraine Ceasefire Remains Shaky, But Still Holding 
New UN Human Rights Chief Warns Of A 'House Of Blood' In Iraq And Syria 
Shaky Ukrainian Ceasefire Largely Holds 
Afghan Court Sentences 7 Men To Death For Gang Rape 
Sixty Seconds of Art I was sitting in a caf\u00e9 in Bratislava, having a final cup of coffee and picking up my email before boarding a train for Budapest. I was in a hurry, so I wasn't paying much attention. But then one of the guys came over to my table.
CLAIM 
'Ghost Plane' Wreckage Believed To Have Sunk Off Jamaica 
Putin's Whack-a-Mole Game Extends to NATO On Friday, Russia's Federal Security Service (the FSB) kidnapped an Estonian intelligence officer at gunpoint, using a smoke bomb and jamming Estonian radio communications. Moscow later claimed it had captured a spy.
Ukraine Ceasefire Holds Despite Mistrust Between Rebels, Kiev 
Fight Against ISIS Makes For Strange Bedfellows 
Egypt Charges Ex-President Morsi With Leaking Secrets To Qatar 
Lava Eruption, Pakistan Protests And A Kite Surfing Record 
Russian Journalist 
Activists 
Scottish Independence Supporters Lead Poll For First Time 
Missing Plane Debris May Have Been Spotted Near Jamaica 
Collaborating With Assad Against ISIS Surprisingly, there are some voices, on both sides of the Atlantic, who are advocating, as a possible option, teaming up with the Assad regime to attack ISIS.
Brits' Disappearance Casts Shadow Over Qatari World Cup Efforts and Shines Light on UAE Krisna Upadhyaya and Gundev Ghimire, British nationals of Nepalese origin, vanished in Doha as they were about to leave for the airport. They were in Qatar to investigate labour rights on behalf of the Global Network for Rights and Development (GNRD), a Norway-based group with alleged links to the UAE.
The Regional Decision Between Washington, Riyadh, and Moderate Tehran 
U.S. Forming 'Core Coalition' To Battle ISIS In Iraq 
Honduras There was one round of debate in the legislative chamber before the measure's final approval, and apparently all those who participated in the exchanges were pleased and satisfied with the final language. Hmm, not so fast. I'd like a shot at amending the bill.
Why Walking Helps Us Think 
Pakistan Army Chief 'Overruled Generals Calling For Coup' 
Plane Carrying About 100 Americans Diverted To Iran 
ISIS Coloring Books For Kids Spark Controversy 
Elderly Woman Reportedly Found Beheaded In London House 
Al Qaeda's Move in India Presages More Elsewhere Al Qaeda's (AQ's) declaration that it is starting a franchise in South Asia is no surprise at all, given the sheer number of Muslims in the region, and that it is being eclipsed by the Islamic State (IS) in the headlines.
Afghan Candidates Promise NATO They Will Resolve Political Deadlock 
What Being 'Pro-Israel' Should Mean This label insinuates that their primary concern is reaching the best outcome for the state of Israel. The irony is that sometimes the most so-called \Pro-Israel\ people are those who are advocating for policies that hurt Israel.
A Woman's Job Nothing could provide better poetic justice than ISIS's looming reality of facing the might of a female-fronted army on the ground as they battle it out for the soul of Iraq.
This Is The Militant Leader That The U.S. Just Targeted In Somalia 
The U.S. Competitiveness Comeback Is On The greatest challenge for America as it builds for the future, however, is figuring out how to get the most out of two crucial determinants of competitiveness that are currently in short supply
NATO and Turkey With Recep Tayyip Erdogan now sworn in as Turkey's new President, his successful efforts to prolong his rule after two terms as Prime Minister have observers comparing his popularity to that of Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, the founder of modern Turkey.
Only These Three Steps Will Enable NATO to Stand Up to Putin This dangerous 21st century will be safer if the West is strong together. A strong West means a strong and legitimate NATO built on strong and credible armed forces. Wales is the place and the time to act.  It is also the place and the time for NATO to be radical. NATO needs to rediscover a shared level of ambition that has been notably lacking of late, something which Moscow has been all too happy to exploit.
It's Not a Competition of Suffering Abu-Adil, my source within IS, sees all of us as unfaithful. The man at the dinner party. My friends in Stockholm. The journalist in Turkey. To him we are all infidel pigs, and we shall either convert, pay religious taxes, die och flee.
Time for a Brand New Site for Israel-Palestine Peace Talks Rockets fired. Retaliation ensues. A shaky peace follows and we are back at another round of negotiations in the stop-and-start cycle of ceasefire in the Israel-Gaza confrontation.  As talk turns back to how to re-start the broken peace process, even as Israel claims fresh territory in the West Bank, let us consider something radically different.
Violence In Iraq Killed At Least 1,420 In August 
Fierce Fighting Between Syrian Rebels, Army In Golan 
UN Warns Of Atrocities On 'An Unimaginable Scale' In Iraq 
Vladimir Putin Isn't Going To Stop 
Merkel 
The 75th Anniversary of the Second World War Just as the democratic world must be vigilant about the evils that lurk, so, too, it must never lose its capacity to envision and strive for still more leaps forward.
A New Hope With Every Sunrise for Families of the Disappeared In every one of these cases, there is an answer. There is someone in these governments who knows where these people are or what happened to them.
Putin Calls For Talks On Eastern Ukraine 'Statehood' 
Saudi-Qatari Rivalry Spills onto the Soccer Pitch Unable to persuade Qatari leaders to drop their support for the Muslim Brotherhood and other Islamist groups, Saudi Arabia appears determined to deprive its tiny neighbor of its regional soccer supremacy.
France Arrests 16-Year-Old Girl Suspected Of Trying To Join Islamists Rebels In Syria 
Explosion Fells Building Outside Paris, Killing At Least 2 
Margarita Murillo Land disputes between peasants and large landowners in Honduras go back decades. Agrarian reform has been perhaps the most contentious issue for any Honduran government to deal with since the 1950s and 1960s, and certainly the biggest challenge.
Weapons Expert Warns About ISIS Militants' Supply Of Guns, Ammunition 
The Killing of Margarita Murillo in Honduras According to Domingo Orellana, who was one of the men who first discovered Mrs. Murillo's body, said, \About four months ago, Margarita had been named president of our group, and we have no idea who could have murdered her.\
Ferguson Funeral, California Quake and A Tomato Fight 
World War II Erupts 
3 Million and Counting 
Russian Politician Beaten After Investigating If Soldiers Killed In Ukraine 
EU Leaders Name Polish Prime Minister To Top Council Job 
KISSINGER 
Taliban Launch Attacks In Afghanistan Amid Political Deadlock 
ISIS Behead Captive Lebanese Soldier In New Video 
Russo-Ukrainian War Now a Reality Now is the time for the West -- whether NATO, the United States, or individual European states --to provide or sell the high-tech weaponry Ukraine needs to defend itself effectively. The argument against such a move -- that it would provoke a Russian escalation--is no longer valid, now that Russia has escalated. A well-armed Ukraine could stop Putin from embarking on any of these more alarming scenarios.
On the Holocaust (From a Speech Given in Germany on August 20) Our moral test, even under these circumstances, is to continue to distinguish between enemies and innocents. Every time a child in Gaza dies it breaks my heart. They are not Hamas, they are not the enemy, they are just children.
Mass Urbanization Could Lead to Unprecedented Human Creativity -\u2013 But Only if We Do it Right Successful global urbanization could lead to a profoundly-changed world in just a few decades, where age-old human problems of extreme poverty, famine, disease and conflict would be greatly alleviated -- if not eradicated.
Dismissal of Iranian Science Minister Rallies Both Support and Opposition for Moderate President Rohani The impeachment of Iranian Minister of Science Reza Faraji Dana by the conservative-dominated Iranian Parliament on August 20 has been a key event for both sides -- a slip in the political tectonics that could yield seismic waves throughout the country's political landscape.
Senegal Confirms First Case Of Ebola 
Championing the Development Aspirations of Island States Small Island Developing States share many similar social, economic and environmental challenges, including relatively small populations, limited land resources, vulnerability to natural disasters and external shocks, as well as high food import bills and an excessive dependence on foreign trade.
UN 
Egypt Has Regained the Palestinian Issue and Its Regional Leadership Damascus is calling for internationalization as an opportunity for its rehabilitation. It wants to lure President Barack Obama to Syria as part of the war on terror, while ISIS is seeking to lure the American president to the Syrian and Iraqi arenas at the same time.
Putin 
Putin 
Mad With Power? Vladimir Putin appears steadfast in his determination to reclaim large sections of Ukraine -- in particular its industrial heartland -- through intimidation and violence, while denying any but humanitarian involvement there. This raises the question
Questions on Dramatic Monologue Let's hypothesize a theater of solitude
Will The U.S. Partner With Assad To Fight The Islamic State? 
End Of Democracy Looming In Hong Kong? 
To Accomplish Liberation, Palestinian Unity Must Be Preserved Palestinians must agree on the goals, the methods of accomplishing them and a willing public. This is the only way strategies will produce the desired goals for the Palestinian
Ebola, Experimental Pharmaceuticals, and Ethics So far, medical personnel have been the primary beneficiaries of the drugs; will patients in the gravest danger receive drugs, or will those with the best likelihood of survival be the first to receive the serums? Discussions are beginning, but an immediate distribution plan for the use of these drugs is imperative.
It's the Racism, Stupid It has been quite an eventful summer, and not in a good way. It seems as if the world is falling apart, even in parts of the world that are leading democracies, like us right here in the U.S. Most feel helpless and frustrated when we watch the news, and wish we could do more to stop the chaos.
What Makes Life Worth Living? Take a Moment to Ask Various forces bigger than ourselves -- perhaps most of all marketing and pop culture - shape our goals without us realizing it, guiding our lives for us, often in directions that, were we to think about it, we would want to resist. Life becomes, for instance, a series of consumer decisions based on our preferences for this or that experience, or a mad race for some vaguely-defined \success.\
7 Things The World Can Learn From Brazil 
'More Than 250 Bodies Still Trapped Underwater' In Migrant Shipwreck 
Honduras' 'El Carretillazo' Manuel Zelaya's punishment has already been doled out. Okay, he didn't come out too badly scathed in the end, but the Nationalists sure came out far better than they could have ever dreamed.
Breathtaking Afghan Election Fraud Could Involve Millions Of Ballots 
Libyan Islamist Fighters Say Captured Main Airport, Mystery Airstrikes Continue 
Iran 
Ebola Quarantine, Beijing Ice Bucket Challenge And Greasy Pole Climbing 
Migrant Boat To Europe Sinks, Some 200 Feared Dead 
Woman Vows To Become First Female Jihadist To Kill American Captive 
Rebuilding Hungary's Green Politics Hungary has a rich tradition of environmental activism, from the anti-dam campaigns of the 1980s to the nature conservation efforts of the post-Communist period. It has also seen the rise and fall of a number of Green parties, including the most recent, Politics Can Be Different (LMP).
Political Crisis In Iraq Deepens 
Syria We must not overlook the longer-term needs that will grow out of a refugee crisis of this scale caused by a conflict with no resolution on the horizon.
Foreign Minister Nominated As Turkey's New Premier 
Why Nigeria Generates So Little Power Nigeria is the greenest populous country in the world, but it is so entirely by accident. We fuel a population north of 170 million -- the seventh largest in the world -- on an available installed grid electricity generation capacity of fewer than 6GW.
Israeli Airstrikes Kill 11, Including Hamas Leader's Wife And Son 
Here's What Newspapers Around The World Are Saying About The Ferguson Shooting 
These Photos Prove Summer Is Magical Around The World 
Egypt Trolls U.S. About Ferguson Protests, Forgets Its Own Human Rights Record 
Russia Tests Surface-To-Air-Missiles 
Will the Middle East Achieve Peace Out of Conflict? For the Middle East, ISIS represents a past that it desperately wants to leave behind.
Argentina's 'Golden Future' Didn't Come Tumbling Down Because the Whole Story Is a Fairy Tale The roots of Argentina's delusion of grandeur and European-ness may be in the beliefs of Argentina's 19th century elites who were, indeed, fantastically wealthy, although nobody else was.
German Spies 
Why We Should Think Of Travel As Therapy 
NYT Reporter's Harrowing Account Of Being In A Helicopter When It Crashed 
The Obscene Escalation of the Vulture Funds Against Argentina 
Couple Stole $35,000 From Missing Plane Victims, Police Say 
Top Ukraine Rebel Leader Says Troops Training In Russia 
'Screaming' Stowaways Found In Shipping Container, One Dead 
Kerry Reaffirms 'Ambitious Agenda' of U.S. Engagement in Asia and the Pacific In terms of economic growth, Kerry focused on negotiations over the sweeping, 12-nation Tans-Pacific Partnership free trade agreement, or TPP. Negotiators had hoped to conclude a TPP agreement a number of months ago, but progress on the complex pact has slowed since then.
A Dear Jon (Voight) Letter About Gaza and the History of the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict Your passion for defending Israel is clearly as great as your passion for acting. However, behind your passion is a view of Israel's history and current actions that are utterly at odds with the actual history and present-day realities in the country. They are simply dead-wrong.
Group 
Airstrikes Target Islamic State After Reports Of Yazidi Massacre 
Suicide Bomber Attacks UN Base In North Mali 
Meet The Mayors From Around The World Transforming Their Cities 
ISIS and the G-41 World Isolationist America's foreign policy and standing in the world has been further emasculated in the process. Conservative political pundits in the U.S. criticize President Obama for failing to act in a more decisive manner to stem the tide. They remain delusional in their belief that anything the U.S. can do will make a difference.
UN Security Council Blacklists Islamist Militants In Iraq, Syria 
India Celebrates 68 Years Of Independence With Spectacular Festivity 
Weekend Roundup Keeping to his credo of \don't do stupid sh*t,\ President Barack Obama sent in fighter planes to prevent ISIS from its genocidal assault on fleeing Yazidi refugees in northern Iraq, while also making it clear that the U.S. can just do so much. Only \inclusive\ and \non-maximalist\ governments in the Middle East, not deeper American intervention, he said in interviews this week, can ever stabilize the region. Peter Galbraith hailed this move against genocide as \The Obama Doctrine.\ Adel Guindy, an Egyptian Copt leader, called on the UN to live up to its pledge of \never again\ to protect religious and ethnic minorities persecuted by those practicing ISIS' brand of Sunni fundamentalism. And WorldPost Middle East Correspondent Sophia Jones recounted the harrowing stories of Yazidi families that found their way to the Turkish border. (continued)
As the Power Shuffle in Iraq Unfolds, Do Not Forget the Women Containing and defeating the expansion of ISIS may require traditional security and military techniques. However, it will be the efforts of empowered wives, daughters, and sisters who can influence husbands, brothers, and sons to resist ISIS or similar extremist groups in the future.
Libya's Last Stand If there was ever a J.R.R. Tolkien moment in the Libya conflict, it has arrived.  The forces of good and evil are fighting the future of Libya.
The Rise and Fall of an Algerian Tycoon The Khalifa story is a complex one indeed, worth making into a Hollywood movie. So many world capitals and celebrities are involved that it might be in everybody's best interest to keep the entire story under lock and key.
Iran's Supreme Leader Backs Iraq's New Prime Minister 
UN 
Why It's Hard to Believe Israel's Claim That It Did Its Best to Minimize Civilian Deaths I write this with great sorrow for civilians hurt on both sides. Sorrow for our soldiers who have fallen in this operation, and sorrow for the future of my country and the entire region. I know that as I write, soldiers like me have fired shells into Gaza. They had no way of knowing who or what they would hit. Faced with so many innocent casualties, it is time for us to state very clearly
Egypt's Mubarak Denies Ordering Killing Of Protesters 
Communication is Aid-and More Misinformation and misunderstanding along with superstition about Ebola abound. The virus is not airborne. According to medical experts, it spreads through contact with the body fluids of an infected individual or the body of a deceased victim.
Starting Out With Fidesz Attila Ledenyi was one of the early shapers of Fidesz. He was in charge of international relations in the organization's early years. He's quick to remind me, when we met last May after 23 years, that Fidesz wasn't a political party in those early years.
Global Africans' Reflections on the U.S. Africa Leaders' Summit (ALS) Our hope is that post-ALS resolutions will take into great consideration the phenomenal resource residing within the many facets of the African diaspora. Just two cents from two Global Africans.
Putin, Erdogan and Orban The contagion of the illiberal model (recently openly praised by Viktor Orban in a public speech as the real alternative to the \failed liberal western system\) is yet another wake up call for us to understand the realities of the world, which is a mess.
Six Steps the World Must Take Now to Stop the Horror of ISIS The international community is failing to recognize that ISIS is an international -- not just Iraqi -- problem, as a hotbed of terrorism makes roots in such a vital area.
Letter From Monrovia -- Life in the Time of Ebola It's both astounding and embarrassing as an American to observe the grossly uninformed hysteria in this country over the transfer to highly controlled hospital isolation units in New York and Atlanta of two Americans with Ebola, while entire nations in West Africa are seemingly falling apart.
Iraq's Troubles Grow As Maliki Digs In 
Official 
Ukraine 
JUAN COLE 
Iraq Special Forces Of Maliki Deployed In Baghdad 
The Cairo Talks On the face of it, the gap between the Israeli and Palestinian negotiating position would seem hard to bridge. Lifting the Gaza blockade would hand Hamas a political victory. Demilitarization would constitute a political defeat.
The Crisis With Russia and the Unspoken Link With a clearer perception of the rightful concerns as promulgated in both the American and Russian experience given their proper weight, a more rational and constructive dialogue could emerge.
Exhibit A of the Guantanamo Failure Resumes This Week It remains to be seen how involved the U.S. will get in this latest war in Iraq, and the price tag that will come with it. But the uncertainties of costly new wars makes it even more important that we clean up the mess of the old one.
To the Weekend Protesters This weekend, there have been large protests on the streets of London, Cape Town, and Santiago, and smaller demonstrations in Paris and New York.
Relative Claims Israeli Troops Killed Palestinian Boy During West Bank Clash 
Harrowing Reports Of Yazidi Massacre Emerge 
Liberians Fill Churches In Defiance Of Official Ebola Warnings 
Armenia and Its Russian-Imperialism Problem Earlier this summer, a minor kerfuffle over an exhibition of artworks by famed Armenian filmmaker Sergei Parajanov (1924-1990) underscored a more serious problem facing Armenian culture and Armenia in general -- and, by extension, many of the former Soviet republics.
Thousands Of Iraqi Yazidis Flee To Syria 
ISIS Militants Tell Yazidi Families To Convert Or Die 
Iraq Arms Kurds Against ISIS In Unprecedented Move 
Shrapnel-Torn Schools, Ebola Medics, And Chinese Valentine's Day 
Israel-Gaza Violence Resumes, Defying Ceasefire Efforts 
Egypt Dissolves Muslim Brotherhood's Political Party 
Low Carbon Cities in China, Serious Challenges and Signs of Hope Despite the worst fears of impending environmental tragedy that arise from a reading of air quality data or the trajectory of coal use, China is walking a path that many cities and nations have walked before.
The Need for 'Sahawat' in Syria to Defeat Terrorist Groups Does the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) constitute a radical shift in the history and the future of the Arab region, or is it a transient phenomenon, no matter how formidable it seems with its strength and its performance in the battlefields of Iraq, Syria, and Lebanon today?
Why It Will Be So Hard To Rebuild Gaza's Devastated Landscape 
Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Tells Women not to Laugh in Public Rather than being worried about women's laughter, Deputy Prime Minister Arinc and Prime Minister Erdogan should be more concerned about their government's increasing slide into authoritarian rule.
How Some Kids Shed The Pounds In The World's Second-Most Obese Country 
Bringing Israel's Reality Home I thought I knew enough to have a position. But I was wrong. I experienced something two weeks ago, and it rocked my world. My isolated, protected, and insular American world.
Why Israel and Palestine Should Get Rid of Their Borders and Become Two Overlapping States We propose both sides share the land -- all of it -- as two \parallel\ states.
Mother Courage in Israel, Gaza, Iraq, Syria and the Ukraine There's a disconnect between armies and ideologies and those who bear the burden of conflicts like those raging in Israel, Gaza, Iraq, Syria and the Ukraine. This has always been true and it's true now.
ISIS, ISIS, You Can't Hide, We Charge You With Genocide! From Sweden and Australia to Los Angeles and San Francisco, protesters have been growing by the thousands due to the current crimes against humanity the Assyrian and Yazidi minorities are facing in Iraq and Syria.
7 Reasons The World Isn't Totally Screwed Right Now 
Chinese City Bans Beards And Veils On Buses 
Questions and Hopes Now That the War Is Over The military path -- even when it is justified to blow up dangerous tunnels that come underneath our communities -- is too full of damage and destruction, of life and property, and, it just generates more animosity and hatred.
The Best And Worst U.S. Cities For Work-Life Balance 
Why Christ, Mao And The Buddha Are Making A Comeback In China 
War on Gaza a 'Tie' With Hamas The decision of the Palestinian leadership to sign the Rome Protocols for the International Criminal Court will impress on all, including Israel, that decision making is independent and is aimed at addressing the interests of the Palestinian people. If this becomes truly a Palestinian policy, then this could be marked as the biggest success, despite the horrible results in Gaza, which cannot be ignored.
NYC Patient Tests Negative For Ebola 
Iraqi Minorities Stranded On A Mountaintop Begin To Die Of Thirst 
The Conflict In Gaza Explained In One Map 
Slaves to Soccer By glorifying the world's worst human rights offenders and endorsing them to host public displays for an international audience, we help countries like Qatar keep the profitable business of slave-keeping alive.
'Don't Cry for Me' The only words I can muster now, while the images of the carnage are freshly etched into my mind, are the words that may have come from one of the child victims whose life was cut short by a U.S.-supplied Israeli F-16 fighter jet missile. This is the imagined letter from the victim.
Lame Duck Hunt and the Fast Track Flush, Installment #1 Yet more secretive Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) negotiations are underway today in Washington. Thanks to some hearty protestors braving the heat and humidity to hold a location pointer out in front of the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative, the word got out.
What Would Jesus Say? 
61 Years After Armistice President Obama recently designated July 27 as \Korean War Veteran's Armistice Day.\ In the days since, I have found myself reflecting on the meaning of the Armistice and on the effect it has had on my country in the intervening 60 years. Three key words emerge in my reflection.
Confusion Reigns As More Than 300 Ukrainian Troops Cross Into Russia 
Former Israeli Ambassador Suddenly Can't Hear MSNBC When Asked About Spying On John Kerry 
MSF Official 
Once a Rafter, Always a Rafter 
Israel Will Hold Fire For 7 Hours In Parts Of Gaza 
To Raise the Voice in View of the Massacre in Gaza Today, to raise one's voice, in view of the massacre perpetrated in Gaza is, and I write this with conscience, France's duty.
Islamic State Makes Gains In The North 
Actions and Intentions in Gaza With the exception of a few courageous journalists, the American view of Gaza -- the posture of looking away with pity and calling it \heartbreaking\ as if the wild disparity of deaths did not exist -- has been an abortion of moral responsibility. It testifies to a poverty of leadership almost as desperate as that of the Israelis and the Palestinians half a world away.
Faced With Growing Sanctions, Russia Starts Banning American Food 
Israel 
Gaza Casts Shadow Over Qatar's Hosting of 2022 World Cup Qatar's hosting of the 2022 World Cup has emerged as the latest target of an undeclared alliance between Saudi Arabia and Israel that with the war in Gaza has sharpened political fault lines in the Gulf.
Polish Foreign Minister 
Bodies Of Possible Ebola Victims Found Lying In The Street Of Liberia's Capital 
UN Chief 
Wake Up Call to the Honduran Diaspora I've heard about all the corrupt governments. I've heard about the destabilizing role of the military. I've heard about the inept tax system that fails to collect needed revenue from people of influence.
Gaza Warnings, Ramadan In China And A Sumo Run 
Israel Pulls Back Some Forces In Gaza As Shelling Continues 
Israel-Gaza On the geopolitical side, things are not so black and white. It's tempting to cast this conflict as a battle between Muslim Arabs and Jews, but it is also inaccurate.  This latest battle is really a struggle between a new Middle East and the old one.
Missing Israeli Soldier Could Make Gaza's Nightmare Worse 
U.S. Tourist Was Detained In North Korea  For Leaving Bible In A Bathroom 
Syria's Islamist Rebels Battle Troops In Lebanon 
Ayatollah Khamenei and Netanyahu The main purpose of Ayatollah Khamenei's recent call to arm the Palestinians is to bring the West Bank under the control of Hamas and Islamic Jihad and do away with the more moderate PLO.  His attempt to exploit the unimaginable suffering of the Palestinians in Gaza is a reflection of his doctrine of 'victory through terrorization' (al-nasro-belrob).  \n\nFrom my point of view, this is the same policy that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been pursuing by inflicting such horror on the people of Gaza.
Margaret Thatcher Was Right To understand this you could hardly do better than watch CBS News anchor Bob Schieffer's country club invocation of former Israeli prime minister Golda Meir this week to suggest Palestinians are forcing Israel to kill their children.
Libya 
The Gaza War In parallel, the hurdles impeding a ceasefire are growing not only because of Hamas's rejection of a permanent ceasefire if not accompanied by an end to the blockade, but also because Israel is determined to continue the war on Gaza.
9 Facts About the Israel-Palestine Conflict On Which We Can All Agree Simply open your mouth on Israel-Palestine, and you'll be labeled either a heartless Zionist or a Hamas terrorist. Both extreme labels are equally fruitless. If we cannot find a middle ground in dialogue, how can we expect Israel and Palestine to find a middle ground during war?
Why Don't Palestinians Just Leave Gaza? They Can't. 
On Centennial, Seven Harvard Scholars List Lessons of WWI -- And How They Might Apply Today This week marks the centennial of the outbreak of World War I. WorldPost contributors such as Walter Russell Mead and Artyom Lukin have asked whether events in 2014 parallel those of 1914. Here, seven scholars from the Belfer Center at Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government offer the historical lessons they see.
Trapped Between Delusion and Denial The war will eventually come to an end. The question is, will the terms for ending the bloody conflict set the stage for the next round of hostilities, or will both sides shed their delusions, recognize each other and stop this vicious cycle of violence?
Gaza's Schools on the Battlefield Both sides in the current conflict would do well to take note of the Lucens Guidelines, created to protect students and teachers around the world from the use of schools for military purposes, and to incorporate explicit protection for schools into their military doctrines and strategies.
Your Work Is Not Your Life 
Both Israel and Hamas Have a Responsibility to Protect Civilians With ongoing rocket attacks on Israel and unrelenting retaliatory airstrikes in densely populated parts of Gaza, both Hamas and the Israeli government appeared to be potentially violating the fundamental laws of war.
Turkish Women Protest Against Politician Who Said They Shouldn't Laugh In Public 
Stampede At Concert In Guinea Kills At Least 34 
Hospitals Are Supposed To Be For Healing. In Gaza, They're Part Of The War Zone 
There Can't Be Peace Until Israelis and Palestinians Start Seeing Each Other as Humans \Track-one\ diplomacy is the government-mediated activity seeking cooperation and communication with another nation. \Track-two\ diplomacy is typically non-governmental and includes initiatives such as cultural diplomacy.
Japan's Policy of Denial on Religious Freedom For decades, Japanese authorities have looked the other way when families have attempted to force adult children to recant their religious faith by abducting them and subjecting them to physical and psychological coercion.
A Look Back At The Trial That Made Rape A War Crime 
The Weak Argument for a Saudi-Israeli Bedfellowship It is ludicrous to refer to just any interaction between Saudis and Israelis as an \alliance\ between the two states and painfully erroneous to suggest that Israel's onslaught on Gaza came with Saudi acceptance, let alone support.
My Israel For me, Israel is like my child, my mother, or my sister. A huge piece of my heart is always with her. I worry about her, I fret over her decisions, I feel angry with her, I feel protective of her, and I pray for her good health.
Learning to Lose in Argentina From its security policy to suspicious, crony nationalizations, and down to its corrupt officials still in office, the Argentine president refuses to learn when she has lost. Without admitting defeat, ideology is left naked to face undeniable reality. Today this ideology is only useful to protect the corrupt and hide scandals. Power is never eternal, and for Kirchner it is finally running out.
From Gaza The besieged Jews of the Warsaw ghetto had a motto \to live and die in dignity.\ As I sit in my own besieged ghetto, I think how Palestinians have honored this universal value. We live in dignity and we die in dignity, refusing to accept subjugation.
U.S. Highlights Bahrain Sectarianism in New Religious Freedom Report Today's State Department report on international religious freedom for 2013 is unlikely to heal the increasing rift between the U.S. government and Bahrain.
Report 
How Dare Israel... How DARE Israel be upset that the Arab enablers, spinners and propagandists have skillfully exploited images of the human shields that they cynically use as missile fodder to advance their anti-Israel, anti-Jewish fatwa.
French Foreign Ministry Calls On French Nationals To Leave Libya 
Chairman Of The Joint Chiefs 
Gaza Braces For More Fighting As Ceasefire Falls 
Shocking Scenes Of Destruction In Gaza As Thousands Return Home During Truce 
G'head, Do the Gangs a Favor, Deport the Kids to Central America The gangs continue growing in numbers because of the relative powerlessness of the authorities in Central America. The police are outgunned and easily corrupted, while the judges and politicians are effortlessly cowed.
Who Bears More Responsibility For The War In Gaza? 
Gaza Health Ministry 
Gaza Residents Return To Destroyed Areas 
Boko Haram Clashes With Cameroon Troops In Deadly Cross-Border Raids 
Taliban Making Military Gains In Afghanistan 
Families Mourn Victims Of Air Algerie Crash In Mali 
West Bank Rises, Tens Of Thousands Join Largest March Since Last Intifada 
The Peace Process Is Dying at the Hands of Israel With Help from Hamas Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu made public and explicit this week, and for the first time, the Israeli positions that reject the two-state solution, that is, the establishment of the state of Palestine alongside the state of Israel.
For Palestinians, There Is No Leaving on a Jet Plane Travel restrictions imposed by Israel on Palestinians are at the heart of the current conflict. Through a system of military-imposed identity cards Israel has managed to divide Palestinians into four separate categories that are used to control where we can and cannot go.
Who's Afraid of Hamas? My children spent the day on the Gaza Border giving out popsicles to the soldiers going into battle. Of course, to cover all the religious bases, and because we are a Chabad family, they also put on tefillin with the soldiers.
Air Algerie Plane Likely Crashed Due To Bad Weather, Officials Say 
Russia 
Three Reasons We Need a Parliamentary Election in Ukraine The sitting Parliament, where at least half of the delegates can be qualified as unprincipled populists at best and outright criminals at worst, is incapable of acting on behalf of the people and it must be dissolved.
Brazil To Unleash Genetically Modified Mosquitoes 
Libya Holding on to power in Libya is crucial to the Muslim Brotherhood's survival, as well as for Libya's vast oil riches to bankroll any comeback for them in the region. The recent parliamentary elections in Libya dealt a heavy blow to the Muslim Brotherhood and their allies.
Afghans Don't Like Soybeans, Despite a Big U.S. Push Afghanistan has a rich culinary tradition, but soybeans have not been a part of it. American agricultural experts who consider soybeans a superfood find this dismaying, and so over the past four years, they have invested tens of millions of U.S. taxpayer dollars to try to change the way Afghans eat.
New Cold War on the UN Stage and Closing Curtain on 'We the People' The UN is as much stage as platform for diplomatic exchange, and the Kremlin is no longer so keen on keeping the curtain up.
Nigeria One hundred days ago, Boko Haram, a diffuse Islamic sect, abducted 243 girls from a school in Chibok, Borno State, in northeast Nigeria They carted them off to unknown forest locations where they are still being held. Some who escaped told of gang rapes. So much for religion.
Children of Syria Teenagers joining extremist groups are a growing sign of the desperation facing young Syrian refugees. It should also be a stark warning to the outside world that has been content to stand by while the fighting continues.
Letter From My Father, Late King Hussein, to Netanyahu There is a wall between us ... When we move this wall or bring it down, we find that we are all human beings with similar problems, hardships and tribulations.
Death Toll Tops 700 As Kerry Pushes For Gaza Truce 
Possible Gaza Truce Hinges On Complex Negotiations 
We Will Not Deviate From Our Moral Heritage I came to thank you for the privilege you granted me to serve our country and its people for the past seven years. There is no greater privilege. Thank you. Israel, this small country, became a truly great state.
2 Ukrainian Military Jets Shot Down 
MH17 The proliferation of Man-Portable Air Defense Systems (MANPADS) amongst rebels and militia has exponentially increased the threat to aircraft and helicopters that operate above lands where governance is scarce and tensions are rife.
Why We Procrastinate 
PLO Backs Hamas Truce Demands 
Despite FAA Ban, Kerry Flies To Israel 
Islamic State Selling Iraqi Oil To Finance 'Caliphate' 
America's Israeli Jihadists 
Suddenly We're All Proportionalists? The \proportionality\ argument being used to singularly condemn Israel simply does not hold water. One only has to read a history book and take a hard look at the rest of the world to see why.
The Failure of the Iraq War This is money that could have gone into education, health care and infrastructure, rather than creating chaos abroad. Instead of 'creating democracy', as the Bush administration claimed, we have created an utter mess that is near impossible to resolve.
AIPAC Is the Only Explanation for America's Morally Bankrupt Israel Policy A Greater Israel cannot be anything but an apartheid state, and exclusionary ethnic nationalism of this sort is not sustainable in the 21st century. Israel's Arab subjects will eventually demand equal rights, and as former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert warned back in 2007, once that happens, \the state of Israel is finished.\
There's No Easy Answer to Sexual Violence in India India's sexual violence is unique in some ways, but in others, it reflects the global crisis of violence against women, particularly girls.
How Art Is Crucial To Understanding The Human Mind 
Will the Delhi Bonhomie Lead to a New Era in Pakistan-India Relations? It has yet to be determined whether Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's decision to invite Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to his swearing-in ceremony will translate into substantive improvement in Pakistan-India relations. This will be dictated primarily by two factors
Gaza and Palestinian Leadership Back in  June, 1967, the second day of the Six Day War, I became the first foreign correspondent to enter Gaza City when Israeli troops took that forsaken piece of real estate from Egyptian control.
A Generation's Obligation In this moment, the death tolls will inevitably grow if Israel's Operation Protective Edge continues. It is up to us to decide what the death tolls will mean to us, and the numbers should demonstrate what they truly are
These Are The Countries Where Kids Go To School For The Longest 
Ode to Gaza 
This Barber Backpacked Across The Globe And Found More Than Just The Perfect Shave 
Civilians Fleeing Gaza City Neighborhood After Israeli Strike Say They Have Nowhere To Go 
U.S. Intel Points To Russian-Rebel Missile Connection In Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 Crash 
Israel Ramps Up Gaza Ground Invasion Even Further 
What Life Is Really Like In Israel Right Now I woke up to a siren today. You know how you come to hate the sound of your alarm, the one that lets you know the night's up, it's time for work, for kids, for the day to start? So you change it every few months, and you definitely hit snooze at least twice. There's no snooze button for sirens.
Rebel Tweets Black Boxes Are In Donetsk 
MH17 And The Long Term Costs Of Russia's Ukraine Incursion Courtesy of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, Putin is now coming to terms with the blowback from his Ukrainian adventure, a hybrid non-linear political-military campaign fought largely through local proxies, and this is something that will dog him for as long as he is in power.
Attack on Gaza by Saudi Royal Appointment There are many hands behind the Israeli army's onslaught on Gaza. America is not unhappy that Hamas is getting such a beating.
Russian Media on Malaysian Flight MH17 Tragedy The Russian media has made one thing clear in the aftermath of the destruction of Malaysian Airlines Flight MH17
Report 
Brzezinski 
Graphic Photos From The Gaza Strip Show Utter Destruction And Death 
A Woman Soars, Germany Celebrates And A Life-Size Godzilla 
Putin Needs to Call Out Pro-Russian Rebels Mr. Putin has had many opportunities to condemn the violence, but he has failed every time. I want his words to be addressed to Girkin and other Russian citizens disturbing Ukraine, not to my president. Putin's silence, which effectively condones the terrorists' activities in eastern Ukraine, bares a grave cost.  Ending the violence has been the essence of an agreement reached in Geneva many months ago to which Russia was a signatory.
Ukraine Accuses Rebels Of Destroying Evidence 
Palestinian Militants Kill 2 Israeli Soldiers In Tunnel Attack 
Thousands Of Pro-Palestinian Protesters Defy French Rally Ban 
23 Palestinians, Israeli Soldier Dead In Gaza Offensive 
Top AIDS Researcher Among Crash Victims 
Malaysia Airlines Crash May Become Seventh Deadliest Disaster In Aviation History This is not the first time a civilian jetliner has been shot down -- accidentally or otherwise. There have been several such incidents over the years.
U.S. Funding (Another) Social Network to Try to Overthrow Castro Piramideo and the various U.S. programs hope to capitalize on Cuban complaints about the country's mobile phone and internet services. Until 2008 the Cuban government prohibited citizens from owning cell phones. When the law changed, hundreds of thousands signed up.
Egypt Is the Key With Regard to Gaza An important precedent was set yesterday; the largest Arab country all but giving its blessing to an Israeli military strike against other Arabs. A change of major proportions which is a new element in Middle East politics.
Deadly Typhoon Slams Into Southern China 
Israel Terrorizes Palestinians in Gaza In essence, Israel wants to achieve what every invading army wishes to achieve -- attaining the best for the colonizers and the crumbs for the subjugated people.
Bodies Rained Down On Ukrainian Village After Airliner Crash 
America Needs to Change Its Failed Iraq-Iran Policy Preaching democratic values while engaging in supporting undemocratic and repressive regimes has never enhanced American credibility, and it has rarely been a successful security tactic in the long term.
Israel For those of us like myself who care about the well-being of all people on the planet, not only my own Jewish people, but all peoples, the high toll of Palestinian civilians is horrifying -- more than a thousand civilians already wounded according to Palestinian sources and two hundred fifty Palestinian civilians and two Israelis dead.
Benjamin Netanyahu Stops Pretending To Support A Sovereign Palestinian State 
With So Much Bad News Out Of The Middle East, These Stories Remind Us That There's Still Hope A reminder that there are moderate voices coming together in support of peace.
Israel And Gaza Militants To Pause Attacks, But Invasion Is Still Seen As Likely 
Western Leaders Who Demand Israeli Restraint It is absolutely in the interest of Israel to destroy Hamas' capacity to make war and murder non-combatants, a position that the Obama Administration should be supporting Israel in accomplishing just at the United States is continuing to do against Al Qaida.
Journalist Shares Account Of Gruesome, Heartbreaking Gaza Attack 
The Sheer Terror Of Being Alone With Our Thoughts 
The Curse of the Occupation At a time when hundreds of rockets are fired by Hamas and Islamic Jihad from Gaza against Israel -- threatening population centers, including Jerusalem and Tel Aviv -- criticizing Israel's occupation of the West Bank would seem inappropriate at best. Many Israelis justify the continuing occupation in light of the intensifying violence. They argue that Israel cannot allow the West Bank to become under any circumstances like Gaza -- a staging ground for rocket attacks that could cause unimaginable death and destruction. The repeated acts of violence emanating from Gaza and the relative calm in the occupied West Bank are used to \validate\ this claim. In reality, the occupation itself is the root cause behind the unending Israeli-Palestinian conflict and the current deadly flare-up between Israel and Hamas.
What the World Cup Can Teach Progressives About Corruption Apart from passionate support for their national sports teams, hatred of government corruption and \crony capitalism\ is one of the few issues that unite all social groups in developing countries.
Witnesses Of Blackwater Shooting Offer Damning Testimony 
America's Tragic Turn in Germany and Japan It's taken a long time for Germany and Japan to recover from the Second World War. After enduring the indignity of military occupation, they regained sovereignty only by guaranteeing against future threats to peace. Germany's new constitution only authorized military force in self-defense or in collaboration with collective security agreements. Japan's Article Nine went further, \forever renounc[ing] ... the threat or use of force as a means of settling international disputes.\ But this post-war settlement is unraveling before our eyes. The Obama administration must learn to distinguish the urgent from the truly fundamental. Unless it rethinks our traditional post-war partnerships, it risks an authoritarian Japan and a profoundly alienated Germany -- destroying one of the greatest legacies of the twentieth century.
How To Stop Taking Our Lives For Granted 
How to Achieve Israel's Stated Goal of Long-Term Quiet There are too many wounds and grievances on either side to make bilateral negotiations between Israel and Palestine a success. By calling for a pact between Israel and Hamas, the United Nations is only postponing the next inevitable round of violence to another day.
Report 
Iceland, Music Festivals, Drug Use and Shocking Police Antics Under the Midnight Sun In Iceland, there are shockingly harsh drug laws with possible penalties of up to 12 years imprisonment for sales and up to 6 for possession. Even in cases not involving prison time, the societal consequences from a criminal record can be substantial.
Before Unleashing Gaza-Like Airstrikes on Iraq, Congress Must Vote In the early hours of Friday morning, Gaza's Ark - the boat preparing to sail from Gaza in defiance of the Israeli blockade on Palestinian exports - was hit by an Israeli missile and caught fire. When dawn broke Friday morning, little was left of the boat.
The Post-American Multiplex World While elements of the old liberal order will survive, they will have to accommodate new actors and approaches that do not play to America's commands and preferences. The multiplex cinema is an apt analogy for today's post-American world. Several movies are running in different theaters within a single complex. Hollywood style includes thrillers and Westerns with violence, crime, ruggedness and heroism as prominent themes. Bollywood fare offers passion, tragedy, song and dance. Kung fu films produced in Hong Kong and Taiwan play next to patriotic and propaganda films from communist China. No single director or producer would monopolize the audience's attention or loyalty for long. The audience has a choice of shows.
Israel and Saudi Arabia As states, Saudi Arabia and Israel share few, if any common values, despite some cultural values that are common to Wahhabism, the austere form of Islam adopted by the kingdom, and ultra-orthodox Jews. But they increasingly have common interests.
Thousands of Gaza Civilians Flee After Israeli Warning 
Hamas Versus Israel The difference between Hamas and Israel couldn't be greater, yet you wouldn't know it when listening to some observers.
Israeli Troops Conduct Raid In Gaza 
Terrified Families Fleeing Northern Gaza Airstrikes Seek Refuge With UN 
Report 
Super Typhoon Neoguri, Gaza Strikes And Close Encounters With Bulls 
Israel Widens Gaza Bombing Targets, Deploys Ground Troops 
Ukrainian Fighter Jets Pound Rebels 
Report 
The Man Who Helped Convince The U.S. To Invade Iraq Could Be Its Next Leader 
Israelis Take 'Bomb Shelter Selfies' 
Israel-Gaza Conflict Takes Toll On Pregnant Women 
Israelis and Palestinians Fight Prime Minister Netahyahu and President Abbas may wish they had someone else to negotiate with across the table. That is a luxury neither can afford anymore, otherwise events outside of their control will dictate in very unpleasant ways their future.
An Open Letter to the Israelis and Palestinians Have you ever paused and asked the simple question
WATCH 
The Post-Oslo Generation, Poised for a Third Intifada? It is neither in Israel's nor in Hamas' interest to start a new war. The latter now has the means to strike Tel Aviv, and Netanyahu would struggle to survive politically if the heart of the Jewish state were badly hit. As for Hamas, it is already in dire straits. Gaza has been subjected to an Israeli blockade for seven years, and Abdel Fattah al-Sisi's Egypt tightened the grip further by destroying the hundreds of smuggling tunnels that were the economical lifeline for the 1.7 million Gazans.
Tony Blair Under Attack Again Last month was not the first time that former British Prime Minister Tony Blair has come under collective censure.
Germany Expels US Intelligence Official 
Why There's More To Taking A Break Than Just Sitting There 
Youth, Television and What Might Keep Afghanistan from Ending up Like Iraq Ever since the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) began their recent offensive in Iraq, anxieties about the potential of something similar taking place in Afghanistan have abounded. Yet many have missed a crucial piece of the puzzle.
Israel Under the Magnifying Glass You don't have to live in Israel to know that Israel is put under a magnifying glass by world media. Our every decision scrutinized and criticized. Our every wrong made large and even more tragic.
Brazil Scores You, reader, must be finding this title strange after the humiliating defeat of Brazil 7 to 1 to Germany in the World Cup semifinals. But that's not what I am talking about.
We Had 90 Seconds to Get the Children to the Bomb Shelter My wife heard it first and asked me to lower the music to see if I hear something. It was rather clear; like I have heard in the past on the news in the U.S., the siren consisted of an escalating sound which then tapered off only to escalate once again in multiple cycles.
Palestinian Youth and the Psychological Impact of Violence Exposure -- and often subjection -- to violence is something very familiar and real for the over one million children living in what is modern-day Palestine. But what is often difficult for us to grasp is what this actually means.
Why Your Happiest Day At Work Was 5 Years Ago 
Israel Cannot Survive a Two-Front War By now let's state what is painfully obvious. Israel's unilateral withdrawal from Gaza in 2005 was a catastrophe.
Redefining Success I have learned that there are many definitions of success. Sometimes it is accepting what is. Sometimes it is letting go. There are so many aspects to love. Love, to me, is the most important thing we are here to learn.
Where's the Ukrainian Far Right Now? Ukraine's far right has sunk to virtual electoral oblivion, and it's hard to know where or if it will reappear. Its role in defending protestors against the Yanukovych government, overthrown in February this year, didn't translate into widespread support in either the presidential election in May or in Kyiv's municipal elections.
This Is How We Should All Be Remembered 
Military Helicopter Crashes In Hanoi 
Who's Afraid of the Caliphate? Today respected clerics exist here and there, but many Muslims see the absence of a single authority as one source of the weakness and paucity of Islamic vision in the Muslim world today. In an era when the West has repeatedly invaded Muslim countries, overthrown their leaderships, and commandeered their economic and energy sources over much of the 20th century, the weakness and lack of leadership in the Muslim world remains a vivid concern to Muslims. Thus when the term \caliphate\ is invoked, it touches a chord in the historical sensibilities of many.
Mexican Vigilantes Public opinion polls show that the majority of Mexicans believe self-defense is the best way to protect your community and a larger majority sees nothing wrong with vigilante justice. One could argue that such an outcome is predictable in a country where 105,000 people are kidnapped for ransom every year, where criminal groups blackmail one of every 10 Mexicans and 96 percent of recorded crimes go unpunished.
6 Militants Killed In Gaza Strip, Hamas Vows Revenge 
Have We Gone From a Post-War to a Pre-War World? Only a few years ago, most western observers believed that the age of geopolitical rivalry and great power war was over. Today, with Russian forces in Ukraine, religious wars exploding across the Middle East, and territorial disputes leading to one crisis after another in the East and South China seas, the outlook is darker. Serious people now ask whether we have moved from a post-war into a pre-war world. Could some incident somewhere in the world spark another global war?
Letter from Seoul China's continuous rise and China's active strategic engagement with South Korea are increasingly challenging the basis of the U.S.-Japan-South Korea cooperative triangle in Northeast Asia. South Korea, on its part, is also upgrading its cooperation with China on economic partnership, a political dialogue (to persuade North Korea to renounce its nuclear ambition) and on the historical posture vis-a-vis Japan.
This Table For Two Forces You To Be Mindful 
Dilma Is Likely to Be Reelected, So Why Are Brazilians Celebrating? The wind appears to again be at Dilma Rousseff's back again, as Brazil's performance at the World Cup has virtually assured that she will be re-elected -- politics working as politics do.
Burma's Democracy Struggle Hostage to Real Estate Boom There is very little \free\ about the market in Rangoon.
These Photos Show A Side Of Australia Rarely Seen 
These Incredible Photos Of Brazil's Past Will Help You Understand Its Future 
For Cultures Around The World, These Creatures Are More Fact Than Fiction 
More Than 60 Nigerian Women And Girls Escape Kidnappers 
Hammering Away at Illegal Immigration from Central America 
Jewish Suspects Arrested Over Death Of Palestinian Teenager 
Israel, the Middle East and Cognitive Dissonance Try as I might, there are some things I just don't get. For starters, I'm seeking to understand Israel's options in today's Middle East.
Disturbing Video Reportedly Captures Israeli Police Beating Cousin Of Killed Palestinian Teen 
Gunmen Attack Ugandan Police Stations And Barracks, Killing At Least 17 
Israel Mourns, Pakistani Nomads And A Feast In Rome 
The Extraordinary Way The World Is Becoming A Better Place 
It's Time Kyiv Got It Right Working with local LGBT activists from Mozaika in Latvia, I was lucky enough to be part of the early Riga Pride marches there from 2006, and in the first pride march in Lithuanian capital Vilnius in 2010. Those Baltic Pride events have proved a huge success.
Taliban Militants Set 200 Oil Tankers Ablaze In Afghanistan 
Do Animals Need a UN Ambassador? As a matter of animal welfare/rights, cruelty/abuse should have the same meaning for a dog in China as the U.S. Identifying animals by their nationality stretches sovereignty -- people can be rabidly nationalistic but dogs cannot.
Patten Attacks China Over Hong Kong Judiciary Remarks 
Rescuers Free 3 Trapped Honduran Miners, 8 Still Missing 
Palestinian Teen Mourned In Tense Jerusalem Funeral 
Iraq Army Recaptures Saddam's Birthplace From ISIS Militants 
Americans Celebrate 4th Of July  Around The World 
10 Powerful Photos From The Day That Morsi Fell From Power 
Tony Blair and the Gulf Neocons Today's generation has lost its faith in nation building. Blair may find \chemistry\ with a Emirati Crown Prince but the former prime minister is toxic to his own people.
Fed Up With Dead Jews There have been other murdered Jews at the hands of terrorists, countless in fact. Walk the streets of Jerusalem and see all the plaques on cafes', pizza shops, and street corners to Jews murdered by Palestinian terrorists.
Weekend Roundup This week, the unsettling of stability in Asia took yet another turn. Just as Chinese President Xi Jinping was due to arrive in South Korea -- which is angry at Japan over denials about World War II \comfort women\ --  Prime Minister Shinzo Abe announced a changed interpretation of the constitution that allows Japanese military forces to operate abroad. As Shannon Tiezzi  writes, China's approach is now aimed at exploiting differences within Japanese public opinion over Abe's new nationalism. From Australia, John Garnaut  writes that an old idea of Colin Powell's is being raised anew
Brutish and Short The life of the Islamic Republic until, say, 1990, had been brutish and short. And this is how the head of the nascent body-politic became so heavily invested in an adversarial identity, so dependent on international tension and the perception of a state under siege.
My Job Distresses Me So Much It Makes Me Cry It doesn't matter how great your job is if you don't want it. If you are too stressed, then you should quit. It is your life. Why care about the opinions of others? Go to work tomorrow morning and say \goodbye.\
U.S.-Jihadist Relations (Part 1) The intensifying war in Iraq has surprised the world. The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS), a terrorist group, has taken over a large part of Iraq's territory and is still advancing toward other areas. Western and Middle Eastern governments are concerned about ISIS. How can we understand such developments?
This Chart Shows Which World Leaders Are the Most Powerful on Twitter The new prime minister of India, @NarendraModi, just surpassed the @WhiteHouse in fourth place and is likely to have more followers than Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono next week.
Border Crisis Turkey, which is smaller in size than the state of Texas, shares a long border with Syria, much like Texas shares with Mexico. In Syria, not just one generation, but many generations have been wiped out by the violence.
Laughter Yoga Is A Real Thing In Iran, And It Looks Hilarious 
More Trouble Ahead For Young Sudanese Woman 
Reinventing Europe Along These 7 Points In its present form, the EU is weak, particularly because it lacks the necessary competence in foreign policy and because its bloated bureaucracy causes it to stand in its own way. What is needed, therefore, is a reform of the EU as soon as possible.
An Alliance of Necessity The Russian-Israeli partnership is crucial, given the perils and unpredictability of today's regional tensions. Their shared interests champion security and other geopolitical issues, and underscore deep-seated historical ties that bind the countries.
A Timely Bunch of Heroes Almost nobody thinks the USA can win the World Cup. And if they were eliminated tomorrow, our American team has already exceeded everybodies' expectations. But what if they did?
World War I, Rather Than World War II, Is Key for U.S. Foreign Policy The 100-year anniversary of the most important event in the 20th century passed recently with predictably scant notice in the American media.
As Militants Declared Caliphate, Iraqi Troops Battle For Tikrit 
China Sentences 113 On Terror Crimes 
7 Ways To Live Your Best Life 
Officials 
Intelligence Failure in Iraq The big unreported story of the Iraqi crisis is the failure of American intelligence agencies to foresee the ISIS campaign. Indeed, the ISIS phenomenon from its emergence two years ago until now has largely passed under the radar of the CIA, NSA et al.
Food Security Is National Security As we consider this new architecture we need to run, not walk, as we are all mindful of the stunning impact that climate change is having on meeting and feeding the next nine billion. We must engage, not embrace the globalization of indifference.
ISIS Crucifies 8 Rebel Fighters, According To Human Rights Group 
ISIS Declares Islamic 'Caliphate' And Calls On Groups To Pledge Allegiance 
Khamenei 
Report 
LOOK 
U.N. Finds Iran Violating Arms Shipment Embargo 
Iran Iran is now facing serious challenges that strike at its economic and military weaknesses. In an Arab world that is less than 10-percent Shiite and distrusts non-Arabs, Persian Shiite Iran faces hostile Arab Sunni fundamentalist movements that are rising in the aftermath of the failures of the Arab Spring.
A Reporter's View Of Iraq Through Photos Iraq, with its prominent Shiite, Sunni and Kurdish populations, is looking more and more like a country split into three.
Floods, Festivals And A Massive Russian Submarine 
A Woman Named Amelia Earhart Just Took Off On A Flight Around The Globe 
Protesters Blame Karzai For Creating Afghanistan Election Crisis 
Iraqi Police Accused Of Mass Prisoner Executions 
Scotland? It's A Family Affair Like many English people, I'd been pretty ambivalent about it all, and very much of the \if they wanna go, let 'em go\ school. But in Scotland, I changed my mind. And dramatically so.
Radical Cleric Acquitted Of Conspiracy Charges 
Surprise Thursday marks the start of RIMPAC 2014, the largest naval exercise in the world. For the first time, China is among the participants in this U.S.-organized exercise.
The Party and the Army Today, eight ministries are led by career military officers, three of whom are still on active duty.
Bahrain's Mesmerizing Desert Beauty 
Iraq Militants Strike Air Base, Seize Oilfields 
These Scribbles By Yoko Ono Will Inspire Your Inner Daydreamer 
Confronting Terrorism and Instability in the Middle East The Middle East has been turned into a region of several failed or almost-failed states, and if the United States and Iran do not work together constructively, terrorism and instability will continue there for years to come.
How America Is Replaying the Cold War and Russia Is Replaying World War II Reacting to historical periods that were enormously antagonistic and bloody to guide action on the emerging battlefield of eastern Ukraine has the potentiality for further escalating conflict, fueled by past victories and memory of old clashes.
Obama And Putin Discuss Ukraine Crisis 
Gertrude of Arabia and Her Kurdish Mistake With the country again teetering on the brink of sectarian chaos, it is time to stop forcing Iraq's 35 million inhabitants -- Shiite Arabs in the south, Sunnis in central Iraq, and Kurds in the north -- to coexist within arbitrary British borders.
Transforming the United Nations From Raison d'Etat to Raison de Plan\u00e8te For all its imperfections, the UN is the sole international institution of indisputable legitimacy; it has to become the functional center for harmonizing mankind's response to a threat far more insidious than any faced in history -- climate change.  A new global compact is urgently needed -- one that at long last steps beyond the shadow cast by the Great War over the world for the past one hundred years so that we can transform raison d'\u00e9tat into raison de plan\u00e8te; the reason of state to the reason of the planet.
These Photos Capture The Inspiring Talent Of Cairo's Blind Female Orchestra 
The Battle for Soft Power Talk these days of the creative economy as soft power and a harbinger of world peace, ignores the huge struggles taking place between Google, Facebook no one hand and Baidu, We Chat, Tencent on the other, pitching the U.S. and China directly against each other in a cold digital war of online platforms, search engines and aggregation algorithms. It is very nice to assert the diversity of cultures in a globalized world. But this diversity is in reality dependent on some very hard issues of finance, intellectual property rights and communications infrastructures.
U.S. Delegation Visits Myanmar To Invest In Community-Based Businesses He said that although community-based businesses are small investments, they can create job opportunities and reach the grassroots level practically. Moreover, community-based businesses can give security to a community without impacting the social environment.
Targeting Fans It's not just soccer fans whose football fever soars during a World Cup. So does that of militant Islamists and jihadists with deadly consequences. Scores of fans have been killed since this month's kick-off of the Cup in attacks in Iraq, Kenya and Nigeria.
Belzec During World War II, Belzec, a small town in southeastern Poland, was one of the main Nazi death camps in the occupied country, along with Auschwitz-Birkenau, Chelmno, Majdanek, Sobibor and Treblinka.
Former Prime Minister 
Report 
Militants Take Step Toward Creating Islamic Caliphate 
Defiant Rebels Attack Ukrainian Forces After Ceasefire Begins 
Putin Joins Calls For Ceasefire In Ukraine 
NATO Air Base Hit By Taliban Rockets 
How ISIS Is Redrawing Iraq's Map 
17 Haunting Images That Remind Us Why We Can't Forget The World's Refugee Children 
Life Can Be Different While driving back from Neshaya Secondary School in Makwa, Zimbabwe, I sat, staring out into the African sky at the rural homesteads that were loosely arranged throughout the land, built from logs, mud and thatch.
Afghan Presidential Election Takes Dangerous Turn Afghanistan's presidential election has taken a turn for the worst. Presidential candidate Abdullah Abdullah announced his decision to boycott the national election commission and demand the vote-counting process be brought to a grinding halt.
The Real Reason Why Obama Is Shying Away From Airstrikes in Iraq When combining Maliki's spotty record as a leader and his dismal rating since the 2011 U.S. withdrawal, you can see why the president may have concluded that sending in the jets and drones is a less desirable that it once was.
Ukrainian Separatists Refuse Truce 
The Kidnapping of Three Israelis Has Brought Attention Back to Palestinian Conflict The kidnapping of three Israeli religious settlers in an area under the total administrative and security control of the Israeli army has partially brought back attention to the Palestinian-Israeli conflict, but for the wrong reasons.
Karachi Airport Attack Plummets the State Further Into Embroilment At that moment, little did I know that in my part of the world too, history was being written. Local news channels were blaring with \breaking news\ tickers. No, this time around news did not deal with the money laundering case.
Iran Vows To Defend Shiite Muslim Holy Sites In Iraq 
Japan FINALLY Bans Child Porn (But Not All Of It) 
Candidate 
What Dubai Can Learn from Rome and the Korean Wave Arab culture, and certainly Emirati more specifically, is rich and encompasses music, dance, food and traditional crafts. However, we -- as Arabs -- have a long way to go before this can be developed and exported.
This Is The Least Peaceful Nation In The World 
Iraq Calls On U.S. To Launch Air Strikes Against Militants 
America's Cult of Ignorance Is No Match for Asia's Cult of Intelligence \There is a cult of ignorance in the United States, and there has always been. The strain of anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge.\ This cult of ignorance is the most serious national security issue facing the U.S. today.
The Pudding in Ed Miliband's Head Confidence can be very nice, but when you go to see a brain surgeon, you care an awful lot more about skill. If Ed Miliband has the skills to run a country, he certainly hasn't shown it.
Iranians On Trial For Smuggling Drone Engines As Jet Ski Parts 
Super Dad He doesn't speak ill of their mother. He prefers to build up their hopes that somewhere in California there is a sad-looking lady who is waiting to reunite with her daughters.
How the ISIS Peril Clarifies What Iraq Needs The news that many locals have not resisted, and even often welcomed, the arrival of ISIS should clarify the intense problems that existed between the government and mostly Sunni local communities in northwest Iraq.
The Influential Fathers Behind These Powerful World Leaders 
What Is the Latest in Pakistan? Its security forces ready to fight, even as politicians prevaricate. The US draw-down in Afghanistan offers a priceless opportunity since it destroys the basis on which the TTP narrative gained some popularity. This is where Pakistan stands today.
Iraq's Final Hours The United States has already sacrificed enough of its soldiers and treasury for Iraq during its eight years of involvement in that nation's so-called struggle for freedom. From the beginning, the war was based on a falsehood, namely the notion that Iraq harbored weapons of mass destruction.
Iraq Will Follow Blair to His grave Blair has to recognize that the Iraq war did not end when Barack Obama pulled the last combat troops out of the country. It is still going on now. Iraq is indeed more than a legacy of office. It is a large weight to have on one's conscience.
Police Clash With World Cup Protesters 
U.S. Begins To Evacuate Embassy Workers From Baghdad 
Iraqi Military Says It Has Slowed Rebels' Advance 
Baghdad Braces For Siege 
Why The World Cup Gives Employers Headaches 
Brazil Protests, Rickshaw Naps And Volunteer Soldiers In Iraq 
Jamaica Is Set To Relax Its Ganja Laws 
The World Bank Risks Dirtying Its Hands in Uzbekistan In Uzbekistan, when summer turns to fall, the government forces more than a million of its citizens to drop what they are doing and pick cotton, according to independent monitors.
Osama Bin Laden Is Getting Exactly What He Wanted 
'Mission Accomplished' Reversed The country has become the new Afghanistan -- a center of attraction and a training ground for the next generation of jihadist fighters who will be able to make use elsewhere of the fighting experience they get there. And now the same thing has happened in Iraq. ISIS cleverly used the porous borders with Syria to draw jihadists initially recruited for Syria into the neighboring country. ISIS can thus create the reign it so desires over an extensive territory comprising parts of Syria and northern Iraq. Since the Americans destroyed the Afghan symbiosis between al-Qaeda and the Taliban, no terror group has achieved anything like this. And it will draw more Islamist radicals from around the world who will either join ISIS or donate money. From that point of view, the Mosul victory was a successful PR coup.
U.S. 
U.S. 
It's High Time to Quell the Insurgency in Pakistan A full scale military operation to rid Pakistan of the scourge of terrorism in the country's tribal belt has sparked a national debate, and defense analysts and experts on Afghan affairs and militancy have begun shedding light on the Karachi airport attack. Given that Pakistan has already reportedly suffered 49,000 casualties -- including the loss of more than 15,000 security personnel in its fight against homegrown insurgency -- and given the prospects of full throttle action against the militants in coming days, the government needs to focus on formulating an effective strategy to avoid civilian casualties in future situations. Hence, it is the high time to quell the insurgency through employing all the resources available.
Kiev Life is tense, these days in Kiev. The faces of the locals are stiff and their reactions are fast, as in an emergency ward.\u00a0One cannot lose one's nerve in a life threatening situation.
Like Don Quixote Tilting at Windmills, Foreign Governments Fight the Wrong Enemy Post-Snowden As a result of Snowden's disclosures, U.S. companies have been wrongly suffering commercial reprisals by some governments. Conflating the acts of the NSA with other agencies has also potentially harmed legitimate government activities.
PHOTOS 
Crisis in Iraq Risks Regional Conflagration Political differences need to be resolved through an inclusive process within Iraq with the active support of regional players. Neither the region nor the world can afford to underestimate how dangerous the present situation in Iraq has become, virtually overnight, and how vital it is to contain and reverse this threat.
A Group Too Extreme For Al Qaeda Just Took Over Iraq's Second Biggest City 
Iranian Glass \Sheesheh\ - How Iran's Youth Got Hooked on Crystal Meth Despite the minimal protections for victims of drug use and the Islamic Republic's typical manner of glossing over their domestic problems, Iran spends approximately one billion dollars per year on anti-drug operations.
U.S. Culpability in the Failure of Israeli-Palestinian Peace Talks The Obama administration would have to challenge the Israeli government's hard line toward the Palestinians in order for the peace process to be successful. Unfortunately, the White House apparently had no interest in doing so.
Paris Discovers Too Much Love Can Be A Bad Thing 
Afghanistan's Youth I see the young people with their beautiful faces full of hope, intelligent and bright, most of them a lot more knowledgeable (I am not saying experienced) than a lot of people highly placed in the expiring government. They are all waiting, hoping, expecting, and maybe dreaming of the role some of them might play with a bright and shiny, brand new Afghan government.
Fatah and Hamas Barely had the pictures of the Palestinian unity government been published, when skirmishes broke out around ATMs in Gaza between Hamas and Fatah government workers.
Burning Barricades, A Tiananmen Vigil And D-Day On Normandy's Beaches 
Thousands Of Migrants Rescued From Overcrowded, Sinking Boats 
20 Powerful D-Day Photos On The 70th Anniversary Of The Invasion 
How Hezbollah Is Changing the War in Syria \u2013 and Vice Versa Hezbollah's intervention in Syria has achieved significant gains. The result, however, has been that Hezbollah (\party of God\ in Arabic), once widely respected by Sunnis in Syria and the region for its military struggle against Israel, is now frequently dubbed the \Party of Satan.\
Freed Taliban Commander Tells Relative He'll Fight Americans Again 
Weekend Roundup A furious war of words was unleashed at the Shangri-La Dialogue security conference in Singapore last weekend. The U.S. and Japan accused China of trying to change the status quo by coercion and intimidation; the Chinese accused Japan and the U.S. of inciting instability with its \20th century mentality\ of war and conflict. Following up on his comments in Singapore, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe  writes in The WorldPost that China ought to abide by the rule of law in the seas of Asia and calls for negotiations.  Recalling the experience of World War II, Shanghai scholar/entrepreneur Eric X. Li  mocks Abe's pledge in Singapore that the \new Japanese\ will help their neighbors resist Beijing. The great danger now, writes the Australian scholar Hugh White , is that the ground is being laid for a catastrophic clash since both sides in this conflict assume incorrectly that the other will back down. South Korea's Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se  fears a \Pandora's box\ is being opened in Asia. Marking the 25 years since the Tiananmen massacre, China scholar Perry Link worries that Xi Jinping is becoming \a Mao-like strongman.\(continued)
Adrift in Love for Two Nations Denmark is my motherland. My parents, sister, niece, cousins, granddad, aunts and uncles are there. Denmark is where I was born and raised, and where the very foundation for the person I have become was established.
'Missing' Veteran Ran Away From Nursing Home To Attend D-Day Ceremony 
40,000 Brazilians Curse Their President Over The World Cup With less than two weeks to the World Cup, tensions are still at an all time high.
Pollution Deaths Soar but Aid Is Cut 
The Impending 'Peaceful War' Between China and America Over Cyberspying Unlike the Cold War period -- in which the Soviet Union was isolated from the global economy -- commercial interests and trade secrets underpin the intrinsically entangled Sino-American economic relations. The higgledy-piggledy distinction between national security and corporate interests is hardly convincing to the Chinese, especially when the US revolving doors conveniently inhabit the space between government service and corporations during both Democratic and Republican administrations. Just like the Sino-American relations in commercial intercourse, economics triumphs over ideology in the partisan world of American politics. On China's side, its intertwined national and economic interests are enshrined in the peculiar institution of the State-Owned Enterprises (SOEs).
The Startup Life In a Country That's Just Getting Smartphones 
Joint Chinese/Mexican Mega-Development Threatens UNESCO World Heritage Site One of the rarest and environmentally sensitive land and sea ecosystems in the western Pacific is under threat of mega-development.
Stunting Stalls in Timor-Leste, Exposing 'Human Infrastructure' Investment Gap A 2013 UNICEF report listed Timor-Leste as having the highest percentage of children under five who are moderately or severely stunted in the world, matched only by Burundi.
China Launches Massive Crackdown On Dissent For Tiananmen Anniversary 
A Cure For FOMO 
Spain's King Abdicated. What Now? After the surprising news this week -- which was not, in fact, surprising, given that the abdication of King Juan Carlos has long been bandied about as the most realistic way for the Spanish monarchy to bring its institutional crisis to an end -- the many questions now emerging are two-fold.
Fran\u00e7ois Hollande and the French Socialists The French Socialists' failure in last Sunday's European parliament elections goes deeper in history. Their perennial weakness as a party has characterized French politics for a long time.
City's Drug Violence Forces Buses To Stop Running At Night 
These Bizarre Gas Mask Photos From WWII Britain Show Life During Wartime 
Chinese General Slams Japan And The U.S. At Security Meeting 
Biker Pets, Airport Battles And Tribes Protest The World Cup 
A Tale of Boko Haram, Political Correctness, Feminism and the Left As the situation confronting kidnapped women in Nigeria continues to deteriorate, the need for international solidarity has never been greater.  The 276 teenage women, who were kidnapped at gunpoint by Islamist group Boko Haram, have been held captive for more than a month.
Sudan Official 
U.S. Accuses China Of 'Destabilizing' Asia Over South China Sea Claims 
Separatists 
Netanyahu Netanyahu can be seen as a maneuverer, but in reality, he is an ideologue, relentless in his efforts to maintain control of what he refers to as Judea and Samaria. He will feint to the left or right, as need be, but the key to understanding him is to judge him by his actions, not his words.
Nero Sworn in as the Prime Minister of India This 26th of May, a 21st century Nero -- the man widely believed to be the mastermind of a 2002 pogrom that left thousands dead and many more mutilated -- has become the head of the world's largest democracy.
Is India Tiring of Democracy? Not only has Modi secured a mandate to be \strong and decisive,\ but what appeals to the Hindu majority that elected him is his ability to ride roughshod over the processes of government, apparently in the interest of \good governance.\
Extremists Are Evolving \u2013- So Should We Counterterrorism is not working. Retaliatory military actions, condemnation by world leaders and by the general public on social media and censorship of terrorist organizations have all proven futile. It's time to try something new.
A Stunning Look Inside Bangladesh 
A Hollywood Director Made These Incredible Color Film Diaries Of World War II 
The Stark Difference Between North And South Korea In 10 Stunning Photos 
Flood Backlash Puts Serbian Leader in a Flap Prime Minister Vucic is a potentially dangerous man. During these turbulent days, he has shown that he is willing to push the panic button and would rather seek counsel from conspiracy than science.
Where The Search For Nigeria's Missing Girls Went Wrong 
Nigeria Prepares To Treat Rape Of Kidnapped Girls 
No, Boko Haram Is Not 'Al Qaeda In West Africa' 
No Talks and No Falling Sky Secretary Kerry, Israeli Ministers and many others, well-wishers as well as fear-mongers, warned that if  the Israeli-Palestinian talks failed, there is no telling to what may happen.
A Hundred Years from John Dewey to FOX News Over the past hundred years, the process of polarized dehumanization, distrust, and betrayal has resulted in a spiraling deprecation of cultural and social values in Muslim countries.
On Memorial Day, A Look Inside The Lives Of U.S. Service Members In Afghanistan 
These Moving Portraits Show The Incredible Bond Between Dog And Man At War 
Senator Brings 'Pipe Bomb' Into Australian Parliament 
Among the faithful 
Pro-Russian Rebels Force Closure Of Donetsk Airport 
Philippines And Vietnam In The South China Sea The two countries can no longer afford to simply chart their own independent paths, since maximum coordination has become a strategic imperative.
'El-Sissi Got Handed The Country On A Silver Platter' 
Modi Promises 'Glorious Future For India' At Inauguration 
Threat Of 'Terror' Hangs Over Critical Ukraine Vote 
Yemen 
Exit Polls 
Tomb Raiders and Returns The return of priceless cultural objects are among the great many successes the Untied States government and the international community has won in the battle against the illicit antiquities trade.
#UnitedforUkraine The elections are an opportunity for all Ukrainians across the country to come together, exercise their right to vote, and express their commitment to a better future together.
Putin Accuses Prince Charles Of Unroyal Behavior 
Electric Storms, Nigeria's Girls And A Vodka Toast In China 
The Supreme Leader, Khamenei's Euphoria About Drones Iran's claim to have replicated the U.S. drone comes at a time when drone policy and the usage of drones by the Obama administration have become a crucially debated topic in Washington.
India's New Parliamentarians Are Rich And In Trouble With The Law 
Weekend Roundup This week, watershed historical events have taken place in Asia. Narendra Modi and his modernizing Hindu nationalist party have swept to power in India. Scorned by the West over Crimea, Vladimir Putin has hastened to deepen Russia's energy and political ties with China. China seems to be creating as many enemies as friends with its new, boldly assertive posture. Appearing at a summit of non-Western nations in Asia after cementing the giant gas deal with Russia's Putin, President Xi appealed to his neighbors to keep the U.S. out of the region and leave Asia to Asians. Yet, this came on the heels of anti-China riots in Vietnam after China placed an oil rig in disputed waters. And it came just as the U.S. government indicted individual members of a People's Liberation Army cyber-espionage team for hacking into commercial secrets of American companies.
Syrian Families Living Outside Turkish Refugee Camps Face Tough Conditions 
South Sudan Slips Into Vicious Chaos Amidst International Belatedness, Lack of Commitment This confluence of forces has made catastrophe inevitable; the question is not whether famine will strike, but where and how hard -- and how many thousands of lives will be lost.
France's Sarkozy Calls For Two-Speed EU, Tighter Borders 
LOOK 
Voter Turnout at EU Polls 
Spanish Twitter Sees A Flood Of Anti-Semitism After Basketball Game 
Watch The former death squad members described how those who refused to carry out orders, sought to quit, or otherwise fell into disfavor were themselves likely to become death squad victims.
Lebanon's Cannabis Farms Flourish As Army Looks Away 
In European Elections, Populism is Against People's Interests Amidst veritable media frenzy, we hear the populists and their critiques loud and clear. It is time that someone stand up for the European project. So let us make the argument loudly
If You're Not a Mom Are You Still a Woman? Fertility Treatments in Israel and in the U.S. in 2014 American women of childbearing age face less negative scrutiny when they don't have children. But infertility is a secret shame, and they often keep their longings and the details of their efforts to conceive under wraps.
All Eyes on Ukraine For over 20 years of my life in the United States, whenever I answered \Ukraine\ when asked where I came from, I'd hear, \Ah, Russia!\ Home to 45.4 million people, Ukraine was little-known -- until bloodshed in Kiev's Maidan Square and continuing mayhem provoked by Putinesque instigators brought it into headlines.
Despite Destruction, Ma'ale Rehavam Mom Remains Hopeful Moriya Kaniel and her three children were among three Israeli families who were ordered to evacuate their homes in Ma'ale Rehavam because of a court-ordered home demolition operation carried out by Israeli security forces last week on Wednesday, May 15.
The Case of Wagner The question before us
As He Heads To China, Putin Turns Focus To Gas Deal 
The Importance Of Staring Out The Window 
Turkish Authorities Detain 18 Over Mine Disaster 
India's Cabinet Members lose handily Washington has been frustrated that landmark efforts such as the \123 Civil Nuclear Agreement\ signed in 2008 have failed to produce increased American exports yet, stymied by indecision in New Delhi.
120 9th Graders Leave Besieged Palestinian Refugee Camp In Syria To Take Exams 
Thousands Evacuated From Vietnam As Tensions With China Peak 
Suspected Boko Haram Militants Attack Chinese Workers In Cameroon 
Protest and Human Rights Shape Debate on Awarding of Mega Events 
Kim Jong-Un's \u2018Executed' Ex Seen Alive On TV 
Turkey Clamps Down On Mine Disaster Protests As Death Toll Reaches 301 
Saudi Arabia Versus Iran The media has recently reported an overture by Saudi Foreign Minister Saud Al-Faisal to his Iranian counterpart Jawad Zarif to visit Riyadh.
European Union 2014 What has evolved over the last 20 or so years is a natural divergence between the fundamentally weaker and stronger economies, particularly since the onset of the global financial crisis five years ago.
Narendra Modi Will Be India's Next Prime Minister 
To Dream In Different Cultures 
German City To Pay Alcoholics In Beer For Cleaning Streets 
Does Debt Forgiveness Work? Ask Africa Corruption, natural disasters, wars, bad policies, and bad luck made it impossible for African governments to keep up with debt payments without cutting basic services to their people, who were already poor and getting few services in the first place.
Why It Is Taking Nigeria So Long To Find The Missing Girls 
Ticking Time Bomb A beacon of stability in the Middle East, the Hashemite Kingdom is perpetually challenged by the need to moderate between the monarchy's pro-Western orientation and the Islamist tendencies of the country's population.
Memorial Day in Corregidor With Memorial Day on the calendar's horizon, it seems fitting to discuss an island which was critical to the allies in the East during World War II. Corregidor is a historic treasure of the Philippines.
Beware of the Putin-Rendum The elections in Ukraine, which are scheduled for May 25, are far more than an opportunity to choose a president. It is an anchor on which our future hinges.
A New Wave of Artists, Writers, Educators and Managers is Helping Kathmandu Open Up On a perfect spring evening The City Museum of Kathmandu, led by its director Kashish Das Shrestha, hosted a crowd of nearly 200 for a unique event titled Khumbila.
Democracy Wins in South Africa The biggest winner in South Africa's May 7th parliamentary election is democracy itself. Twenty years after the first all race ballot, Nelson Mandela's rainbow nation is alive and well in the country of 50 million. The election is a triumph of constitutional government and rule of law.
\We Are Scared for Our Lives\ The deadly violence that has gripped CAR since December 2012 has spared no one. Government officials are targeted and killed, often in broad daylight and without sanction.
At Least 40 Dead As Boat Carrying Migrants Sinks Off Libyan Coast 
New Details Of U.S. Secret Ops Revealed By Yemen Shooting 
Morally, What Does the U.S. Stand for? It took three weeks for President Obama to publicly address the crisis of over 250 Nigerian school girls kidnapped on April 14, and to pledge to send modest support. That is 22 days of unfathomable cruelty to vulnerable girls.
Dawn Voting, Landslide Survivors And A Feast In Kosovo 
Ukraine Crisis Hitting Russia Where It Hurts 
Damning Footage Shows Mayor Groping Women 
Militants Hold Red Cross Workers Hostage Overnight In East Ukraine 
Ukraine's President Warns Of Catastrophe If East Votes To Secede 
Paying It Forward While she gives off an air of ease and grace, I got the impression things have never been easy for Kabibi M'Poko. Born in Kinshasa, the capital of the Congo (Democratic Republic of Congo, DRC), Kabibi came to America at the tender age of eight.
Understanding the Historical Roots of Boko Haram There is no doubt that the current Nigerian government has displayed some high degree of ineptitude when it comes to dealing with the problem of Boko Haram, but one should not be amiss with it's complexity.
Yemen Urgently Needs a Lifeline 
U.S. Officers Shoot And Kill Armed Yemeni Civilians Who Tried To Kidnap Them 
India's Modi on His Best Behavior Mr. Narendra Modi, the prime ministerial candidate in India's national elections, has finally gathered the courage to deliver one of his best policy statements in an interview published on NDTV on April 22.
Women Rights and Gender Equality Many Iranian women activists who live in the Islamic Republic, and several of those campaigners whom I have interviewed, have shed light on the reality of women's rights under Rouhani's presidency.
Afghanistan and Cold Winters in Tajikistan One of the most viable routes to solving Tajikistan's ongoing power problem may now run through--or falter in--Afghanistan.
Street Art Just Got More Dangerous In Egypt, But Artists Are Getting More Creative 
Assad's Forces Take 'Capital Of Revolution' 
EU Sees No Evil in Egypt Egypt's next president could not have made himself clearer. In a two-hour television interview that marked the start and mostly likely the end, too, of his election campaign, the former general who led the military coup declared the sole purpose of his presidency would be to get rid of the Muslim Brotherhood -- once and for all.
'Inclusive Growth' is Doublespeak. Here Are Three Ways to Really Achieve It For anyone who cares to look, it will be obvious that the current Western model of economic growth, which has been adopted the world over, depends in no small part on excluding the majority in order to create wealth for a few. This has been the case since the colonial era. The same exclusion that was once practiced by the East India Company is now practiced on Wall Street and its excesses are accepted as part of the system by far too many governments. Developed world politicians, however, are all too happy to \include\ others in the world economy by outsourcing them cheap and dirty jobs or polluting industries.
Last Minutes On Everest 
Helping Ukraine As I talk to my peer parliamentarians and politicians in Europe, I see a lot of sympathy but not a clear understanding of what must be done. Fortunately, and perhaps unexpectedly, policy options to deescalate the crisis that are clearly in the EU's economic interest abound.
This App Might Just Tempt You To Vacation In North Korea 
Has Putin Been Manipulating Energy Prices? The crafting of Putin's new Euro-Asian vision -- in effect a new \Greater Russia\ assembled from the remnants of the old Soviet Union in Central Asia and Europe -- has been greased by a pipeline delivery system under the Kremlin's control.
Deadly Gunbattles Rock Central African Republic 
Police 
China Arrests Rights Activists Ahead Of Tiananmen Anniversary 
\u2018Mindfulness' Gives Stressed-Out Bankers Something To Think About 
Syria's Tourism Minister Thinks Business Will Be Booming 
'Womenomics' Will Be Key to Japan's Revival I will create a society where women shine. Under my administration, women's active participation constitutes the core of the growth strategy, rather than social policy. In this respect, we have decided that at least 30 percent of all national government officials employed next year will be women. I have also been urging listed companies to add at least one woman as a board member. By encouraging the advancement of women in society, we will raise our growth rate and promote \womenomics.\
Ukraine Accuses Russia Of Engineering Deadly Clashes 
Twin Bus Blasts Kill 3, Wound More Than 60 In Kenya 
Tim Berners-Lee Urges Governments To Pass Laws To Guarantee Open, Free And Universal Web 
Pro-Russian Militants Storm Odessa Police Station 
Opponents of Peace It seems that Netanyahu, dragged kicking and screaming into peace talks by the Obama administration, never wanted peace between two equal sides. He wanted to force the weaker side to accept terms that he knew they could not and should not be asked to do.
Parched Rivers, Danube Flights And A Monk On May Day 
Ukraine Says Unrest Planned And Financed From Abroad 
More Than 2,100 Confirmed Dead In Massive Landslide 
Parents Of Kidnapped Girls Make Desperate Plea 
Costa Rica The recent decision by Intel to close its microprocessor assembly plant in Costa Rica has caused quite a storm over the past few weeks, in some ways souring the jubilant electoral victory of Luis Guillermo Sol\u00eds of the PAC, which took place just 48 hours before the US tech giant's announcement
Russian Diplomat Detained In Ukraine For Spying 
'Smog Buried My Marriage' 
Energy Tycoon Dismisses Fracking Concerns, Says It 'Isn't Gonna Hurt Anybody' 
South Korean Sinking Ferry Videos Reportedly Capture Passengers In Their Final Moments 
Raul Castro The autocrat is afraid of his own people. Fear and suspicion. The feeling is mutual. He knows that the hundreds of thousands of heads he looks down upon are there... because they fear him, not because they love him.
Is the Gates Foundation Investing in the Abuse of Palestinian Prisoners? Earlier this month, Palestinian human rights organizations launched a campaign calling on the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to divest from the controversial British security firm G4S, which they say is \at the heart of [Israel's prison] system, installing and running security systems at Israeli jails.\
The Deadly Rise Of Nigeria's Boko Haram 
Don't Worry, the U.S. Will Never Let the Peace Process Die However impossible the Israeli-Palestinian conundrum looks at the moment, the United States is too proud to let generations of hard work and billions of dollars in investment in the Palestinian Authority amount to a continuation of the status-quo ante.
ONE ON ONE At just 26, Lily has already carved out an incredibly successful career as a model and actress and graduated from Cambridge University. On top of that, she's just launched Impossible.com, a website and app that encourages people to do things for others for free. It's based on the idea of a gift economy, a mode of exchange where things are not sold but given. The site encourages people to post wishes of things that they want or need help with, and offer what they can give. Lily says she hopes the site creates a community that fosters giving and receiving. \I called it Impossible, because I thought that a lot of people would say that it was impossible,\ says Lily. \It's an incredibly utopian proposition and I quite liked facing the cynics from the beginning with the name.\
Frank Gehry 
How Apps Can Cause Us to Take Fewer Risks in the Game of Life An \app mentality\ or \app consciousness\ -- the search for an app for everything, the almost automatic activation of an app and a concomitant reluctance to proceed if an app is lacking -- can be very limiting. And it is especially pernicious in the event that this mentality becomes the dominant mode, the dominant metaphor, for how one leads one's life.
Greece Is A Long Way from Back Greece needs a new conservative, moral and ethical government. Taxes must be reduced for the middle class and small businesses. Liquidity must be improved, with loans offered to private companies, which will create jobs and encourage educated young Greeks to stay.
Inside Gaza 
South Korean PM Resigns Over Response To Ferry Disaster 
World Searches For Putin's Secret Fortune 
A Photo History Of South African Apartheid 20 Years On 
Pro-Russian Forces Free One Of Captured Military Observers 
Japan's Cheerful First Lady Joins Gay Parade 
Deadly Attack In Central African Republic Kills Aid Workers And Chiefs 
Syria Misses Another Chemical Weapons Benchmark Despite 'Significant Progress' 
REPORT 
Arming Egypt Is Playing With Fire America is once again getting a lecture from a client state in the Middle East. This week's lecturer is Egypt's president-in-waiting, a man who should be before a court in The Hague for the worst repression in his country's modern history.
NATO Troops Killed In Afghanistan Helicopter Crash 
Al Qaeda Chief Calls For More Kidnappings 
Paper Butterflies, Ancient Railways And A Dancer Mourned 
Letter Written In Final Hours Of Titanic Voyage Sold At Auction 
MH370 Seabed Search Area Extended 
Palestinian Leader Says Still Committed To Talks With Israel 
Turkish Women Tell Men 
Climbers Abandon Everest Amid Fresh Avalanches 
Major Heroin Bust On Kenya Dhow 
Bridging the East-West Divide In the 1970s and 1980s, the West European peace and environmental movement reached out, tentatively at first and then more vigorously, to the dissident groups in Eastern Europe. Nowhere was this more evident than in West Germany. Eva Quistorp was a driving force behind the east-west dialogue.
Ukraine Blockades Rebel City 
Dispelling Discord between Japan and the U.S. Is an Urgent Task President Obama has just completed a two-day visit to Japan for high-level meetings, including an unprecedented \three-star sushi shop conference\ with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. Now that the two nations have reaffirmed their longstanding alliance, including a commitment by the U.S. to Japan's defense of the Senkaku Islands, I would like even more strongly to press for my suggestion that Mr. Abe to pay his respects at the U.S.S. Arizona Memorial in Hawaii. This is because the gap in understanding between Japan and the U.S. remains a deep one, despite Mr. Obama's visit.
Why Nigeria's Economic Potential Matters A prosperous Nigeria would obviously be a huge win in the battle against poverty. Also, if Nigeria pushes past its hurdles and gets to where it could be, a blueprint will be lain for other African Nations to follow.
Political Inclusiveness By all means, prosecute those who committed crimes and defrauded the country -- on an individual basis. Avoid the mistake of collective punishment.
Boy And Girl Tied Life Jackets Together Before Drowning On Ferry 
Agent Orange More than 12 million gallons of herbicides contaminated with dioxin, a known carcinogen, were sprayed in Southeast Asia during the war. The Vietnamese estimate that it affected the health of up to 3 million people, including several hundred thousand children who were born with disabilities.
World Cup Sparks Change as Soccer Puts Chink in Qatari Segregation Qatar is employing soccer to put a significant first chip in the Chinese wall that segregates its minority citizenry from its majority foreign labour and expatriate population.
What Syrian Child Refugees 'Working The Streets' In Lebanon Really Means 
Obama's Asian Pivot This week, U.S. President Barack Obama is visiting Asia to meet U.S. allies and assure them of America's backing as China rises to become the dominant power in the region. In light of the West's weak response to Putin's takeover of the Crimea, some Asian allies are concerned about whether the U.S. will stand steady in the event a conflict breaks out between one of its allies and China.
These Were The First Photos To Show America's Landscapes In All Their Vivid Colors 
What We Left Behind In Iraq 
Syria Calls Presidential Vote Amid Raging War 
Air Strike Kills Dozens Of Suspected Al Qaeda Militants In Yemen 
Egypt Announces Candidates For Country's Presidential Election 
Malfunctioning Malaysia Airlines Plane Makes Emergency Landing 
A Saudi Psychologist on Jihadism, Clerical Elite and Education Reform Clinical psychologist Abdullah al-Garni serves a niche clientele
Is This Afghanistan's Next President? 
Ukraine Forces Accuse Russia Of Staging Shooting 
Russian Politician Bullies Female Journalists 
Cuba's Culture of Violence A woman hits a child, who appears to be her son, on one corner. A hundred yards further on, two men get in a fight because one stepped on the other's shoe. I arrive home thinking about this aggressiveness, just under the skin, that I feel in the street.
Malaysia Airlines Plane To Make Emergency Landing 
Ukraine Calls Easter Truce 
Is Justice Possible for North Korea's Victims? What to do about torture, rape, political prison camps and other atrocities in North Korea? A UN investigative panel says the isolated country is a \totalitarian state without parallel in the contemporary world\ and its abusers must be prosecuted by the International Criminal Court.
Kremlin 
'80 Percent' Of Syria's Chemical Weapons Removed 
Social Media Helps Young Iranian Fashion Designers 
Seabed Search For MH370 Could End Within A Week 
Assad and His Friends Brag About Winning The Obama administration's entire Syria policy rests on the foundation that Assad's internal calculation needs to change. A willingness by Assad to participate in serious and meaningful negotiations is the objective of this policy.  Right now, that foundation is crumbling into dust.
'They Must Be So Cold And Scared, Deep Underwater' 
Japan's New Move May Infuriate China 
The Battle of Identities and Presidential Elections in the Arab Region 
Pro-Russia Separatists Stay Put Despite Geneva Deal 
Men Must Play Their Part in the Battle for Arab Women's Rights The culture that marginalizes women is largely the product of men. Therefore, the onus is on Middle Eastern men to be the first to demand and create changes in this unacceptable situation.
Adios, Gabo When a friend dies, you are left with deep pain and a multitude of memories of the moments you shared. After all, as Gabo wrote
Investigator 
