The investigation could lead to new U.S. tariffs similar to those imposed on imported steel and aluminum in March.
The new policy was unveiled weeks after the controversial arrest of two black men at a Philadelphia Starbucks.
Following the council vote, Amazon\u2019s vice president, Drew Herdener, said the company has resumed construction planning for its so-called Block 18 project in downtown Seattle.
Victims will be free to go to court -- but a few caveats remain.
The breach is believed to have occurred between March and April.
Just by using the app, you click away your rights. Now some victims are fighting for change.
The city wants to tax large corporations to pay for homeless housing, but Jeff Bezos isn't pleased.
The bank pledged in April to stop financing companies that sell military-style firearms to civilians. Remington made the Bushmaster rifle used in the Sandy Hook school massacre.
Martin Winterkorn resigned soon after the scandal became public in 2015.
Verizon launched an investigation soon after HuffPost reached out for comment.
U.S. regulators are expected to grill the companies on how they will price their combined wireless offerings.
The agency's ruling in a little-noticed case last month has knocked the wind out of the push for shareholder activism, a favorite neoliberal tactic to address climate change.
The company pulled assault-style weapons and accessories from their stores in February.
Two months ago, a pro-Trump Facebook group posted my photo and asked its 72,000 members if they would \smash or pass.\
Voters approved a plan for supportive housing, but disputes over where to put it have stalled progress.
American democracy doesn't look much better.
\It's brought me more negatives than positives.\
The company touts improved in-house tracking tools for steering abusive accounts away from the site.
The additional tariffs were being considered \u201cin light of China\u2019s unfair retaliation\u201d against earlier U.S. trade actions, Trump said.
Mark Zuckerberg spoke with reporters on topics including trust in the site and trust in his own leadership.
Toronto-based Hudson\u2019s Bay did not say when the breach had begun or how many payment card numbers were taken.
Heineken needs to \take appropriate action,\ said the group's director.
The company alerted its app users four days after learning of the hack.
Discarding gender stereotypes, new collections feature male nurses and stay-at-home dads, along with guys who wear makeup and jewelry.
A woman who worked at the drink company said she was sexually harassed and abruptly fired. This is what can happen when a boys club runs amok.
Marketing experts, therapists and parents weigh in.
\u201cThe real world took another step toward its slow and sure conversion to The Handmaid\u2019s Tale this week,\u201d a Vogue editor responded.
The consequences of a fatal crash in Arizona continue.
The company listed assets in the range of $500 million to $1 billion and liabilities in the range of $500 million and $1 billion.
The young woman was only 4 years old when Errol Musk married her mother.
The video site is expanding restrictions following the Florida massacre.
The drop comes on the heels of an action by President Donald Trump to impose tariffs on up to $60 billion of Chinese imports.
Lazarus was 94 years old.
We've been burned many times before. Why should we trust Facebook again?
The embattled film studio said Monday that it was also ending all non-disclosure agreements.
The organizations say such tariffs would be \u201cparticularly harmful\u201d to the U.S. economy and consumers.
Growing up is never easy.
Sniff.
The company has reached an agreement with shareholders of more than $10 billion of its outstanding debt.
The liquidation could put up to 33,000 U.S. jobs at risk.
The biotech company Holmes started was once worth $9 billion.
The tech giant is standing behind its use of forced arbitration, a practice criticized for silencing women.
He made headlines by jacking up the price of a lifesaving drug.
The combined company will be led by current Cigna Chief Executive Officer David Cordani.
New documents show the two groups have a deeper working relationship than previously known.
AR-15s don't mix with dating app \rooted in kindness and respect.\
The former drug company executive was convicted in 2017 for defrauding investors.
Uber called the methodology and findings of the working paper \deeply flawed.\
The relationship has been sliced.
The companies are having disagreements over what to stock on store shelves.
The retail giant said it's making changes to its gun sale policies \in light of recent events.\
The board of disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein's former company ended negotiations to sell the studio for $500 million.
The company said it disagrees with the organization on certain policies but won't end its partnership.
\Bullet Train\ featured players firing on virtual people in a train station just days after the Parkland high school shootings.
\u201cIt\u2019s time for tech leaders to acknowledge their role in helping the NRA spread this dangerous content and cut it out.\
Many brands that offered discounts to NRA members are dumping the gun group after its furious response to the Florida mass shooting.
But the ride-hailing pioneer seems to be slowing the bleeding.
Uber had been accused of stealing trade secrets from Waymo.
Limited English proficiency could be one reason why, the study suggests.
The benchmark S&P 500 and the Dow industrials confirmed they were in correction territory.
The Las Vegas mogul has been accused of abusing and sexually harassing casino workers for decades.
The new tariffs the White House announced last month are likely to make things worse for the industry.
Asian shares fell sharply on Tuesday after Wall Street suffered its biggest decline since 2011.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 567.02 points, or 2.33 percent, to 24,912.77.
The minute-long commercial highlights the company's emergency response plans.
The drop came as investors grappled with rising bond yields and potentially firming inflation.
In an unprecedented move, the Fed ordered the bank to halt growth over compliance issues.
Dozens of former employees have accused the casino mogul of sexual harassment.
The government agency proposed a rule that would eliminate line speed maximums at hog plants.
Activists celebrated the decision, but remain concerned about the welfare of workers in hog plants.
HuffPost's reporting revealed text messages in which he called a female employee a \whore.\
Just 39 percent of Americans have enough money in savings to cover an unexpected $1,000 bill, according to a new report.
The billionaire was accused of decades of sexual abuse in a bombshell Wall Street Journal report published on Friday.
Andrew Luccock pays about $1,700 per month for health insurance for his family of 5 \u2014 and still expects to pay more than
The Las Vegas mogul has been accused of sexually harassing and abusing female employees.
Trump was never invited to attend the World Economic Forum as a businessman.
People who once had free accounts may now have to pay $12 a month.
\I'm terrible,\ he muttered, according to a devastating report from Bloomberg.
The places still in the running include 17 U.S. cities, one Canadian city and two other U.S. locations.
The latest tumble leaves bitcoin more than 40 percent down from the record highs of around $20,000 reached in mid-December, wiping about $130 billion from its \u201cmarket cap.\
\u201cOut here, it feels like we\u2019re in our own world. It doesn\u2019t feel like the U.S. It feels like a third-world country.\u201d
The grant will help 1,000 undocumented immigrant graduates of U.S. high schools.
The company calls the allegations \baseless.\
At least 21 deaths worldwide are linked to the Takata inflators that can rupture and send deadly metal fragments inside vehicles.
The tobacco company is pushing e-cigarettes instead, in what anti-smoking advocates are calling a \P.R. stunt.\
What do you teach your kids about money, prosperity and how to get rich? If you\u2019re like most parents, the answer is probably
Some hikes are less than a quarter an hour. But when you're making minimum wage, every penny counts.
The company dropped battery prices by $50, but some customers still aren't satisfied.
That's trillion with a T.
The discount chain is building a new distribution center in the Lone Star State to support its growing store count.
One lawsuit claims the tech giant engaged in \deceptive, immoral and unethical\ practices.
Social media gets lots of press, but social commerce has been pretty much ignored. Why is that \u2014 and why does it matter in
Bonuses for workers are smart PR, but they don't mean Republicans' trickle-down fantasies are coming true.
Papa John's has parted with its longtime CEO and founder John Schnatter.
The surge in the company\u2019s stock price lifted its market capitalization to $92 million from $23.8 million as of Wednesday\u2019s close.
Schmidt will continue to serve Alphabet as an adviser focused on technical and science issues.
Those packages don\u2019t appear by magic.
\u201cIf you\u2019re an American, your information probably was exposed,\ said the researcher who found the breach.
There has been much greater concern about the danger of asset bubbles ever since the collapse of the housing bubble sank
Forget the bidding war for Amazon's next headquarters. Local governments are already subsidizing the world's largest online retailer -- through its ever-growing fulfillment network.
President Trump recently announced that he\u2019d like to \u201cscale back the scope of federal regulations to the level it stood in
Skipper cited substance addiction in a statement.
Company complicit in hundreds of thousands of deaths claims \u201cThis is our fight, too.\u201d
The lawsuit claims the bank manipulated Navajo elders into opening savings accounts they didn't need.
$41,600 in fines, no criminal charges. A plumber\u2019s death in a trench cave-in shows how the country values the lives of workers.
by Emma Leathley For the past three years, American Commitment, a small nonprofit with ties to the donor network spearheaded
Media buyers, prepare
A new bill will require all public restrooms in New York City to have diaper changing tables.
By Rieva Lesonsky The end of the year is a good time for small and midsize business owners who benefit from U.S. consumers
Now that the Angelina Jolies and the Ashley Judds and the Minka Kellys and the Reah Bravos (Charlie Rose) and the Megyn Kellys
And the price is often steepest for the women who can least afford it.
The company uses contractors to avoid giving workers a fair wage and benefits.
How is it legal for the company that sells me my meds to own the company that is supposed to help me afford them?
The breach exposed the personal data of 57 million Uber users.
\u201cThis crime ... attacks and destroys the very foundation of our economic system,\u201d the judge said.
Illinois' Suburban Express later sent an \apology\ for its anti-Chinese email blast criticizing international students.
Social science points to a few ways that people find lasting, deep satisfaction. None of them require a trip to the mall.
A vote by the FCC on Dec. 14 could let major companies have way more control over your internet access.
Ranking possible destinations by their vulnerability to climate-driven disaster.
The controversial entrance has been proposed across the country.
The National Labor Relations Board's new general counsel plans to take a much narrower view of worker rights than his predecessor, a new memo shows.
Aetna Inc\u2019s board of directors approved the deal on Sunday, for approximately $207 per share in cash and stock.
The Facebook executive is hearing people say this is why you shouldn't hire women. Actually this is why you should.
\There is no justice, the rich win, the poor are powerless. We become tired of hearing people lie.\ -- \The Verdict\ (1982
I am an old-fashioned kind of guy
One week before screenwriter Jenny Lumet gave her very graphic account in the Hollywood Reporter of her allegation that music
\They have had to talk to him about his behavior in the past, but oh well don\u2019t take it personally, this guy just doesn\u2019t have a filter,\ the media entrepreneur said.
The annual gathering of media and digital industry leaders appears to have a blind spot.
The walkout threatens profits on one of the biggest shopping days of the year.
Uber is truly a fascinating company. The 8-year-old firm is at once the source of strategy and business model admiration
Despite tales of sexual harassment and assault, the leading industry lobby sees the devices as a \fig leaf\ and a \solution in search of a problem.\
Former Obama official and businesswoman Maria Contreras-Sweet has reportedly submitted an offer to acquire TWC for $275 million.
The hack affected 57 million people.
Your one-stop-shop for all things Black Friday -- from beauty and fashion, to tech and home deals.
Let\u2019s start by talking about Republican economic philosophy. To be sure, popular vote loser Donald Trump has not played a
Low-wage workers have been fighting sexual harassment for years. The national conversation is finally catching up with them.
The assets were the subject of recent talks between Fox and Walt Disney Co.
Check back, because we'll keep updating this list as the deals roll in \ud83d\udcb8
There's no waiting in line when you shop online \ud83d\udc81
Your holiday shopping can wait just one day.
There have been\u00a0a handful of reports\u00a0over the past year detailing why millennials are no longer buying homes. In addition
We are in the midst of a number of fundamental changes in the nature of work and in the way we spend our time when we\u2019re
Men are starting to ask, \u201cWhat can I do?\u201d The exposure of rampant sexual harassment is sadly in the news every day. These
Remember that obstinate computer from Stanley Kubrick\u2019s 2001
The deal would leave behind a much smaller Fox focused on news and sports.
Apart from sensual appeals, the chief marketing wave in our country is selling convenience. It has reached a level of frenzy
Commentator Laura Loomer promised legal action against the ride-sharing companies.
\u201cI want to share my story and make people aware that this can happen to anybody.\u201d
Amazon made headlines with its stupendous 1300% \u201cearnings beat\u201d for its most recent quarter that moved the company\u2019s stock
Don\u2019t let Bill O\u2019Reilly dominate any part of our culture again.
His net worth jumped $10.4 billion in a single day to $93.8 billion.
Men run everything, and it's enough already. Want to stop sexual harassment? Fix this now.
The pharmacy chain's move is likely motivated by concerns Amazon could enter the health care sector.
The lawsuit says that Uber\u2019s compensation and other practices discriminate against women and people of color.
Retailer's promise not to launch the holiday season early comes with an asterisk.
Hold a team meeting to let your employees know you have their back.
by Geoff West Washington lobbying groups spent less money and reported fewer lobbyists during the third quarter of 2017 than
Take control of your money.
Yes, she knows it sounds odd coming from someone with an undergraduate degree from Northwestern University and a masters
When Professor Richard Thaler of the University of Chicago received the news that he had won the Nobel Memorial Prize in
Ian Schrager's trendy office in New York's Greenwich Village is bustling with activity on a humid, late September morning
Some rules and regulations work as intended. Some don't. Last week, I took a hard look at new laws that needed to be passed
Minerals revenue and trickle-down buying power are stalled and slumping.
One diarist, a 29-year-old executive assistant in New York City making $112,000 used her Money Diary to find places to cut back.
The idea that we shouldn\u2019t help workers through non-permanent bouts of joblessness is somewhat callous. (Hey, what\u2019s 40 weeks
He was honored for his contributions to behavioral economics.
Sometimes the law is on your side in cases of employment discrimination. And sometimes it isn\u2019t. If you are a woman, person
It's the first time employment has fallen in seven years.
In the end, it doesn\u2019t matter if your food is prepared by a male or female chef, as long as it is the best meal you have
Growth and opportunity require robust new business creation.
Harvey. Irma. Maria. In a hyperactive hurricane season, the mere mention of these storms evokes fear, dread -- and regret
Susan Richardson, a Bank of America foreclosure victim, certainly hopes so. With bated breath she\u2019s following a drama currently
Republican incumbents have been challenged and beaten by more extreme right-wingers.
\This is a moral issue.\
The inside of a F-14 tomcat cockpit is not that much different than the workplace. And Carey Lohrenz would know. The country\u2019s
Heightened fear after mass shootings often leads to more gun sales.
Yom Kippur is typically observed by fasting.
Amazon \u2015 already the world\u2019s largest internet retailer \u2015 makes headlines when it drives M&A to dominate a category like grocery
A data breach at the credit monitoring company had exposed the private information of some 143 million Americans.
The women in tech pipeline problem starts not with whether or not a male or female candidate is hired, but how a candidate
It might be a stretch to say that American consumers are legally illiterate. After all, don't we watch Law & Order? In fact
Sure, it's creepy, but so is summoning strangers to pick you up at home in their own cars.
CEO Jeffrey Mezger's mouth is going to cost him money.
By Kathleen Krumpter, Senior Financial Counselor, New York Legal Assistance Group When I first saw the news that Equifax
A mass email told customers they'd received a gift from their baby registry. Problem was, many aren't even expecting.
After being contacted by ProPublica, Facebook removed several anti-Semitic ad categories and promised to improve monitoring.
Burning trillions of dollars for the hyper enrichment of a handful of radical corporate state supremacists wasn\u2019t what classical capitalism was supposed to be about.
Since September is Intergeneration Month, take time to appreciate the richness that comes with the collaboration of wise
Betsy Donley recommends travel insurance for all the reasons you'd imagine -- and a few you might not. It's commonly known
Recently, a major financial magazine published an article entitled \u201cThis Email from Elon Musk to Tesla Employees Describes
Plain and simple
Look\u2019s like the Attorney General is on it
The veil has lifted on Silicon Valley, revealing a culture rife with management and legal problems previously hidden behind
The company said criminals had accessed details including names, social security numbers, and, in some cases, driver\u2019s license numbers.
DACA has ceased to exist as we have known it, leaving many disheartened wondering what the future holds for the lives and
Doesn\u2019t it feel great to be so far ahead of the curve?
Tesla CEO issues a dire warning.
Read your card coverage carefully when you make your travel plans.
The Apple CEO said he stood with his young undocumented colleagues.
Starting on August 10, Amazon began to email customers to issue a recall of potentially hazardous solar eclipse glasses.
This is a life-or-death situation.
According to SBA data, \u201cat least 25% of small businesses do not reopen.\u201d When most folks dream about starting a small business
The change is in response to users and privacy advocates who complained about how the company collected its data.
It matters a good deal to smaller towns with less vibrant economies, both as a one-time revenue boost as well as an aid to longer-term marketing efforts.
The DOJ is looking into claims Uber might have violated foreign-bribery laws.
The bar is low, of course.
If you\u2019ve ever left for your summer vacation silently hoping your house would still be there \u2015 and in good working order
Dara Khosrowshahi faces a long to-do list.
As a kid growing up in my family\u2019s auto repair, paint and body business in Houston, Texas, my dad would always have our shop
Freelancing, or at least moving to a freelance economy has provided us not with answers for the work-force that has bound
As writers, we get a lot of negativity based on what we like to do. Some people call us loners who stay in their own shells
Samsung Electronics Vice Chairman Jay Y. Lee, who denied wrongdoing, has been in detention since February.
Researchers found a \systematic, quantifiable discrepancy\ between what the oil giant said about climate change in private versus what it told the public.
The winning numbers were 6, 7, 16, 23, 26. The Powerball is 4.
Your talent is your tomorrow.
People who get things done are willing to embrace the suck and keep coming back for more.
Diana Winkler suspected she'd found a great lawyer for her consumer case. The telltale signs were there
Web host Namecheap became the latest in a string of tech companies to refuse service to the website.
The next drawing for what is now the second-largest jackpot in the game's history is on Wednesday.
One thing is certain in any business \u2013 not everyone you have to deal with will be like you, or will like you (and vice versa
Through six months of Donald Trump the progressive resistance has been united by opposition to his policies. \u00a0The good news
Fear is one of those things we\u2019ve all experienced at some point. In times of physical danger, fear can literally save our
If mortgage debt had not been tied to an asset that was hugely over-valued, there would not have been a crisis shaking the financial system.
The white supremacist site has been publishing its hate-filled propaganda online for years.
Answer with facts and evidence.
The values they harbor have no place in society, let alone our payroll.
Millennials have been getting hammered by the media and their older counterparts for years and it really needs to STOP! I
\Kalanick intentionally concealed and failed to disclose his gross mismanagement and other misconduct at Uber,\ the suit claims.
Why your diversity and unconscious bias training is failing
In a do-it-yourself world, when shouldn\u2019t you do it yourself? That\u2019s sometimes hard to know with a consumer problem. Most
A Google engineer's manifesto reveals the tech industry is not against declining profit to protect its exclusive pool of employees.
In a small, unassuming room on a university campus in the mid \u201980s, one man sat amongst eleven women. They were meeting to
What I learned about business from visiting day at summer camp.
One of the most popular Dilbert comic strips in the cartoon\u2019s history begins with Dilbert\u2019s boss relaying senior leadership\u2019s
The trial of the so-called \Pharma Bro\ centered around his stewardship of two hedge funds.
Then one caught fire.
Billionaire Rex Sinquefield usually gets what he wants by spending big. An avid chess player, he poured tens of millions
Cybercrime is ever present, and there is one particular fraud we all should be aware of\u2014particularly anyone who sends or
By Eric Lifson The workplace landscape has changed. Social media has given everyone the access to more information than could
By Sarah Wang, Project Assistant, East-West Center in Washington.\u00a0 Note
An unusual experiment with the truth from Donald Trump
The prevailing stock market ideology enriches value extractors, not value creators.
Buyers are liars. That\u2019s not an accusation, just a fact. Remember that University of Massachusetts study that found 60 percent
Whether you\u2019re a leader now or may become one in the future, you don\u2019t have to succumb to this trend.
Last week\u2019s column addressed \u201cWhat Older Employees Can Learn From Young Executives.\u201d Granted, all five characteristics represent
By Adam Mendler I often tell people that despite going to business school for six years, the best learning experiences have
You've probably already heard a lot of advice about what you should do do this summer -- buy this, vacation there, see that
By Erynn Beaton, The Ohio State University; Maureen A. Scully, University of Massachusetts Boston; and Sandra Rothenberg
We\u2019ve all heard of (or seen firsthand) people doing some pretty crazy things at work. Truth is, you don\u2019t have to throw a
When documentary filmmaker Brian Knappenberger set out to make a film about Hulk Hogan\u2019s lawsuit against Gawker Media, he
As President Donald Trump works to reverse coal's decline, the CEO of CSX Corp. said his company will stop new investments in transporting the energy source.
It is a business issue and an economic imperative.
A high employment economy is an effective way to reduce racial discrimination in the labor market.
The company suspects norovirus was to blame.
An awful lot of Americans are skeptical about the value of their nation\u2019s corporate executives. As a 2016 nationwide survey
At first, euphemisms surfaced in the workplace to help people deal with touchy subjects that were difficult to talk about
Consumers need protection from misbehaving companies.
By Ashwini Asokan In the startup deadline world, to think consistently about the nuances of a growing and hardworking team
There are a lot of different ways to create a company culture. One of them is getting employees involved in the process. This
1. Walk me through your r\u00e9sum\u00e9.
Bruno Buonaguidi, Universit\u00e0 della Svizzera italiana If you are the owner of a credit or a debit card, there is a non-negligible
reviewing the menu in advance gives you a chance to do some fast math on the price per entr\u00e9e (or glass of ros\u00e9).
Can we talk about the end? It\u2019s that moment when you say, \u201cThat\u2019s it. I\u2019m taking my business elsewhere.\u201d And you mean it
Next question
Clean energy is the future, and it\u2019s the only smart bet for business.
In his early days growing Microsoft, Bill Gates was reported to be the original enfant terrible. Very tough on people and
For his smallish stature, Amazon Boss Jeff Bezos has a booming, uproarious laugh. Unleashed during workdays, its sonic burst
Many corporations have been merely walking the talk on climate change for a while now.
Whether you\u2019re new on the job or you\u2019ve been employed at your company for while, everyone can use a lesson in improving how
I know you\u2019re silently laughing at that headline. Stop it, already. There are still a few good companies left that care more
Bad bosses contaminate the workplace. Some do so obliviously, while others smugly manipulate their employees, using them
Saint Louis Art Museum Location
The actual technology to build a Hyperloop Hotel does not currently exist. But that's not to say it couldn't happen sometime
To put it mildly, Uber is the midst of an identity crisis right now. To name a few of its problems, CEO Travis Kalanick recently
Make sure you\u2019re really paying your tax debt and not lining the pocket of a scam artist.
It is the biggest bankruptcy of a Japanese manufacturer.
\There aren't enough workers, and everyone is fighting for everybody else's workers,\ says one vineyard owner.
NEW YORK \u2013 Lifestyles involve having convenience stores within reach -- if you go to work daily, don\u2019t drive around the city
Why do so many people find smartphone use during meetings inappropriate?
Self-awareness is a critical skill in the workplace.
When they slip up, they simply forgive themselves and move on.
More than 600 workers will lose their jobs in the coming months.
At the core of this, Verizon NY is still the state-based telecommunications utility serving the majority of New York State
When President Trump introduced us to the \u201cBuy American, Hire American\u201d executive order in April, his electoral base applauded
After reaching Elite status, I ceased Yelping and later deleted my account.
All of the obvious choices also happen to be some of Kalanick's closest advisers.
Here's what experts say the new CEO will have to tackle first.
Kalanick\u2019s exit came after a shareholder revolt reportedly made it untenable for him to stay.
A deeper look at the value of one man (and why Uber is still moving on).
Pay has been a big issue for drivers.
Toyko will be left with a skyline full of innovative new buildings.
It's not your imagination. Your consumer rights are vanishing. Not a day seems to go by that you don't see news of another
The more aware you are of how you interact impacts others, the more likely you can lead them.
We had been trying to get Whole Foods to open a store in Nashville for about 15 years, so imagine our joy when they finally
CEO Travis Kalanick's resignation is only the latest departure from the ride-hailing company
One cost of freedom is steel. To remain independent, America must maintain its own vibrant steel industry. Steel is essential
If further weakening of IRS funding doesn\u2019t do enough damage to the federal government\u2019s ability to collect revenue, an even more worrisome possibility looms.
The company commissioned a probe after a former engineer wrote a blog post alleging rampant sexual harassment.
The executive's mother died in a boating accident last month.
Dads, is the workplace ready for your daughter? Most men today never make the connection that if we as men, as fathers of
We often talk about the role of the \u201cbusiness community\u201d in building a better society. Here's how we start
When it comes to getting advice \u2015 especially financial advice \u2015 truth can be such a relative thing. If you\u2019re an individual
In the public-private partnership, the private entity rakes it in \u2013 and the public is thrown into crisis.
The recommendations included imposing new controls on company spending, human resources and other areas where executives had wide discretion.
This tip for improving your performance is the most simple and straightforward method I\u2019ve provided thus far. For many people
By Ruben Cantu Over the past five years, the landscape of the Austin tech startup scene has changed. Some would argue the
A company's culture starts at the top and Kalanick's track record of condoning and encouraging harassment and discrimination are now clear.
The firings come after an investigation into 215 HR claims.
Prices soared as people scrambled to flee the London Bridge attack.
While everyone wants to appear confident and capable, odd verbal tics and off-putting body language can jeopardize your chances
My last post, How Successful People Stay Calm, really struck a nerve. The trick is that managing your emotions is as much
Let\u2019s go to Denmark. The tiny little fairytale country in calm and quite Scandinavia. When a small country like that suddenly
The ability to manage your emotions and remain calm under pressure has a direct link to your performance.
We have collectively chosen to make work pay more rather than be more interesting.
The amount is nearly three times a proposed settlement that the company announced in October.
Who has experienced a moment in their lives where something happened that forever changed the course of their career? Like
Cue the back-to-school savings.
There\u2019s a reason you have a smartphone.
Meanwhile, President Donald Trump reportedly plans to pull the U.S. out of the historic Paris climate pact.
Some things can\u2019t quite be measured by a sterling resum\u00e9 and perfect answers to standard job interview questions. More and
I come in peace. I have been hard on you in the past. At times, I was insensitive to the fact that you are husbands, wives
Meetings can be effective tools for entrepreneurs, but only if you use them effectively. Meetings are designed to gather
Ridesharers\u2019 success today and possible misfortune tomorrow has a proximate cause
A large percentage of companies, including most of the Fortune 500, have corporate mission statements. According to Randell
As the weather gets warmer, mosquitos and ticks re-enter our lives, and along with them comes their larger cousin, the scam
While the spectre of Brexit continues to impact on the UK, there are some national industries that are continuing to thrive
Major corporations get a bad rap, in the media and online. It's not hard to understand why - as in so many other things, the
America is known as a land of not just opportunity, but also as a center of entrepreneurial innovation and a magnet for talent
By
The company says it miscalculated its commission for several years.
Luxury exists in most human societies throughout the world but in different forms.\u00a0Gratisography/Pexels \u00a0L\u00e9a Barreau
Based on my years of experience as a new business advisor, I always find leadership to be more important to business success
What should you leave at home when you go shopping this summer? Jennifer Boaro prefers this strategy
The news that Fiat-Chrysler is the latest auto-maker caught having massively \u2013 and probably illegally \u2013 exceeded allowable
If you want to be a leader whom people follow with absolute conviction, you have to be a likeable leader. Tyrants and curmudgeons
Joanne Mogavero suffered first- and second-degree burns after coffee spilled on her lap, her lawyers say.
They're grateful.
Stocks dropped 1.8 percent Wednesday.
States are considering banning noncompete agreements for certain groups of workers, such as low-wage workers, teenagers and
Waymo has accused Uber of stealing its work on self-driving vehicles.
Now go land that dream job.
Rarely will an employer rescind an offer due to you negotiating.
One of the most popular\u00a0Dilbert\u00a0comic strips in the cartoon\u2019s history begins with Dilbert\u2019s boss relaying senior leadership\u2019s
There are so many things that can get good, hard-working people fired. Honest mistakes often carry hard-hitting consequences
Influential people have a profound impact on everyone they encounter. Yet, they achieve this only because they exert so much
Uber had sought a private resolution by arbitration.
This is your marathon \u2015 not sprint \u2015 moment.
There is a generally-unspoken, but well-understood rule of the workplace
What\u2019s wrong? This two-word question can summarily improve a brand. Think about it
But will it ever help us forget Dandelion yellow?
Despite ample evidence, Waymo so far lacks a \smoking gun,\ the judge said.
The Schear family of Southern California says they were threatened with jail time and having their kids taken away.
I\u2019ve written extensively about the importance of building a credit portfolio. Credit equals buying power, which, when used
The future of the company's self-driving unit hangs on the judge's decision.
An additional 3,000 people will help filter content on the social network.
America needs a pay raise. Now. How we treat the least in society reflects our values. As a nation, we need to ask ourselves
The company has defended the employee, who it said was breaking up a fight.
By Mark Bartholomew, University at Buffalo, The State University of New York Ethics lawyers and historians have argued that
As an Atlanta resident, I LOVE Delta Airlines. As a corporate trainer however, I cringe at some of their recent leadership
Chances are that as children, Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, and Barack Obama watched and admired a parent or another close
Anthony Levandowski moves to a different job at the company as a lawsuit filed by rival Waymo heads for trial.
\Fake news\ = propaganda
It's protected, but only in certain cases.
Uber says the vehicles will be quiet and have zero operational emissions.
While Uber was talking, the Google spin-off was rolling.
The yogurt company says the falsified reports led to customers' calls to boycott their products.
While Uber\u2019s impact on the taxi industry is clearly not a joke, the market valuation of the company may well be.
We all want to get ahead. Still, even when it seems you\u2019re doing everything right\u2014you\u2019re never late to work, rarely take
A version of this post was originally posted on Forbes. Sign up for Caroline\u2019s newsletter to get her articles sent straight
Video shows the employee challenging a passenger to \c\u2019mon, hit me.\
But both are pretty unpopular right now.
Officials said an incident at a San Francisco substation caused the outage.
The company also missed a deadline to explain why a passenger was violently removed from a flight.
Leave it to our friends in Washington to take a bad situation and make it worse.
\It\u2019s just not possible to make it on straight UberX rates.\
How many \u201cexperts\u201d does it take to offer commentary and advice on a customer service catastrophe? The apparent answer is
Use of the drugs in the planned seven executions \runs counter to manufacturers' mission to save lives,\ the firms say.
At this point, it would be hard to find someone who has not seen the horrifying video footage of police officers forcibly
\Being part of big, transformative moments like this are rare,\ the company says.
\Are we gonna continue being treated like cattle?\ attorney Thomas Demetrio said Thursday.
Under Trump\u2019s plan, tax-dodging banks would pay even less.
In America, when a source of authority says it randomly singles you out, you should always be wary.
Is it possible for a company to be too good? Can a business outperform its competitors, spoil its customers, dominate the
The U.S. Construction industry is a $1.73 trillion industry. Its more than 700,000 companies account for over 7 million American
Airlines are required to have \fair boarding\ procedures, a Department of Transportation statement says.
The company has been accused of booking jobs for immigrants without obtaining proper work visas.
\Our agents were left with no choice.\
There needs to be much more education of state legislators and the public at large.
Imagine being submerged inside a downed aircraft in icy water, knowing that to reach air and safety you have to work with
As a freelancer, you must have a solid system in place for communicating with clients. Without this, you\u2019ll find it difficult
The airline's tone-deaf public relations response to its most recent controversy demonstrates disregard for customers.
The bank is set to take back over $180 million in forfeitures, clawbacks and compensation adjustments.
Unfortunately, I was one of those frustrated passengers caught in the midst of the recent spring break travel nightmare that
The self-checkout machines that permeate grocery, home improvement and big box stores are a customer and worker\u2019s worst nightmare
Company discrimination is \quite extreme, even in this industry.\
Choosing to leave a job can be a gut-wrenching decision. You need to know that you\u2019re making the right choice.
Job growth slowed sharply in March amid continued layoffs in the retail sector.
If you want your best people to stay, you need to think carefully about how you treat them.
Uber\u2019s San Francisco program is currently in development mode. It has two cars registered with the California Department of Motor Vehicles, but is not transporting passengers.
In essence, the concern is that buyers will have a false sense of security.
We remain grossly underrepresented in nearly every industry.
No one was injured when an SUV flipped on its side in Tempe.
The young passengers had to follow a dress code because they were traveling as guests of employees, the company said.
Companies need to have rules\u2014that\u2019s a given\u2014but they don\u2019t have to be shortsighted and lazy attempts at creating order. I
Much of the announcement was not new
Despite an unending string of controversy, Travis Kalanick's job is secure, a board member told reporters on a conference call.
\u201cRepublicans should have prioritized tax reform ahead of healthcare reform.\
If the recent news from Washington isn\u2019t a little unsettling, maybe you should look again. A new administration has brought
The company's No. 2 executive resigned after just six months on the job.
It's Uber versus Google in a tale of corporate intrigue.
We all make terrible Twitter mistakes. But these are egregious.
Another reason there aren't enough women at the top.
What matters is whether the objectives of regulation are being achieved.
One of the most empowering things a woman can do for another woman is inspire her to come into herself and take charge of
We can't keep taking the easy way out.
Loose money and financial deregulation are not a good combination.
\VW AG is pleading guilty to all three counts because it is guilty on all three counts.\u201d
The approvals underline the complexities and potential concerns over conflicts of interest facing the president.
RadioShack will close approximately 200 stores and will evaluate options on the remaining 1,300.
It's ugly.
\I'm not sure there's anything illegal about it,\ a law professor told HuffPost.
\God's looking out for us,\ a former president of the Catholic high school said.
\u201cWith the Snap investment, we have invested over $1.5 billion in promising digital businesses in the last eighteen months.\u201d
The owner of the popular disappearing-message app has a market value of roughly $24 billion.
About 500 million Yahoo users' accounts may have been compromised in the 2014 hacking.
And much of it has proved to be true.
Snap Inc holds the richest valuation in a U.S. tech IPO since Facebook in 2012.
More than 800,000 users are affected.
President Trump\u2019s path to the White House was paved in part by his hardline approach to immigration. For Trump, \u201cMaking America
\u201cWhen trillions of dollars are managed by Wall Streeters charging high fees, it will usually be the managers who reap outsized profits, not the clients,\u201d the billionaire said.
Few things are as costly and disruptive as managers who kill morale.
We\u2019re just a few days away from the 89th Academy Awards, an evening in which years of hard work culminate in dreams coming
Uber poached several top minds from Google's self-driving project.
\Uber has had countless opportunities to do the right thing\u200a.\
In states that were carried by Donald Trump, the chances of dying at work are higher than in states that Hillary Clinton won.
The latest news about employment opportunities offers a comeuppance to those who enjoyed a bit of \u201cschadenfreude\ in the
The deal will combine Yahoo's search, email and messenger assets as well as advertising technology tools with Verizon's AOL unit.
A former employee blogged about her experience as an engineer for the company.
\What she describes is abhorrent and against everything Uber stands for and believes in,\ Uber's CEO said.
As a lawyer who spent 11 years settling large insurance claims and negotiating attorney\u2019s fees with some of the most contentious
Obama became a master of compartmentalizing his time and focus over the course of his presidency.
Economic pressure is real.
Asian immigrants are disappointed Asian Americans are not more welcoming even as they fear their own children will turn into Asian Americans.
You push the glass doors open for the first time. It's a beautiful office. One that only a huge multinational company like
There are some things you simply never want to say at work.
Like many of us, I thought that the Dow Jones industrial Average index (DJIA) is comprising thirty of the most important
Company yanks books from countries where they're illegal following investigation.




The proposal calls for limiting collaboration between BART police and federal agencies.
In the face of public criticism, the oil giant has chosen to shoot the messenger, says Sarah Labowitz, a human rights scholar at NYU.
The ruling derails an unprecedented effort to consolidate the country\u2019s health insurance industry.
All employees will now get 6-weeks paid family leave, on top of 4 months off available to moms and dads.
The announcement comes shortly after the coffee company's CEO pledged to hire 10,000 refugees.
So far, there are 127.
\American workers and the economy will suffer as a result\ of the executive order.
Telling a company\u2019s heroic \u201cheritage story\u201d has become a popular marketing tool.
Raise your hand if you have used a DIY contract template in your business. Raise your hand again if you think you are legally

No, America isn't running out of bacon.
Snap Inc could be valued at between $20 billion to $25 billion.
The company plans to employ Syrian refugees living in Jordan to produce a new line of handwoven rugs and textiles.
It's the currency's worst start to a year in more than a decade.
Pledge follows Mexicans' call to boycott American products.
Everyone fails in life, and failure can be a crushing experience. The only thing that separates successful people from the rest is how they respond after they fail.
Investors are banking on pro-growth policies and tax cuts from the new administration.
Everybody knows that you bury a bad news story by putting it out late on Friday afternoon. If it\u2019s really bad, you might
The suit claim that the bank charged African-American and Hispanic borrowers more than white borrowers with the same credit profile.
The deal will mark the return of BAT to the lucrative and highly regulated U.S. market after a 12-year absence.
The President-Elect said BMW should build its new car factory in the United States because this would be \u201cmuch better\u201d for the company.
All 110 stores, as well as the company's Los Angeles headquarters, are slated to close by the end of April.
Happy Friday the 13th, everyone.
Most of those positions will probably be in the retailer's growing number of fulfillment centers.
Prosecutors also charged six Volkswagen executives and employees, for their roles in the nearly 10-year conspiracy.
The guilty plea is part of the civil and criminal deal as the automaker looks to restore its tarnished brand.
Oliver Schmidt, who oversaw the automaker's regulatory compliance office, faces fraud charges.
Smart infrastructure decisions help everyone, including Uber.




This entry has been co-written with Dr. Heikki Koskenkyl\u00e4 and Dr. Peter Nyberg. The 1st of January 2017 marked the 18th anniversary

The participation rate remains near multi-decade lows.
A new poll shows why the fast-casual chain still might not be out of the woods.
The city's Taxi & Limo Commission doesn't have the best track record at keeping rider data private -- but neither does Uber.
Imposing taxes on streaming services like Netflix and Spotify angers consumers, but cities need the cash. By Elaine S. Povich


\I went through a period when I questioned things,\ he posts on Facebook.
Incentive makes a splash with Iowa cabinet company employees.





Amazon sold enough men's jeans to fill an Olympic-sized swimming pool.
An encrypted message was used to alert staff about customers, the lawsuit says.
If your New Year\u2019s resolution includes a financial tune-up, then you\u2019re probably about to pull your \u201cfree\u201d credit report




The incoming administration is signaling Trump\u2019s campaign promises to revisit trade deals and even impose a tax on all imports are very much alive.
Michael and I moved to Joshua Tree in the late summer, the morning after I tried to kill myself. The city was too expensive
The news came after Deutsche Bank agreed to a $7.2 billion settlement with the DOJ over its sale and pooling of toxic mortgage securities.
As part of the agreement, Deutsche Bank would pay a civil monetary penalty of $3.1 billion and provide $4.1 billion in consumer relief.
Android Wear 2.0 refreshes Google's smartwatch offerings.
Katherine Szczerbinski's Lenovo laptop is a lemon. Can she get the manufacturer -- or Best Buy -- to fix it? Question
In 2005, I was shopping for an acoustic piano. Back then, piano shopping worked like this
The Fraternal Order of Police has also complained to Amazon.
2. Casper, WY Employment change
The U.S. economy added nearly 2.5 million employed workers\u00a0in the last 12 months, a growth of 1.7%. Employment is expanding
Forget the season of giving -- it's the season of returns that could really hurt your bottom line. The hyper-busy gift return
By Beth Daley, Martha Bebinger and Colby Burdick This story was produced in collaboration with WBUR Public Radio and The



Some dos and don'ts. Click for AUDIO version. December is here, along with the company Christmas party.\u00a0 For newbies experiencing
Uber blames it on human error and suspends the driver. State demands tests stop.
On the eve of the Tech Summit in NYC tomorrow, we\u2019re still learning just how much is at stake for the technology industry
The InsideClimate News investigation comes amid news that President-elect Donald Trump has chosen Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson as secretary of state.
I know how it feels to be falsely accused. I know how it feels to be pursued for seven years by an overzealous government
Tim Ryan got a giant accounting firm to really start listening.
Think of Green Monday as a 2nd helping of Cyber Monday. It\u2019s a second change for users to get some fantastic deals while
Since the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau\u2019s creation six years ago, some Republicans in Congress have wanted to kill
When it comes to success as a leader, radically tough leadership styles are exceptions to the rule, not the rule.
After Julie Thomason wrecked her rental car, she expected a repair bill. But she didn't anticipate a $1,000 invoice for something
A software update will disable the smartphones later this month.
The progressive city is ramping up its fight against income inequality while increasing annual revenue by as much as $3.5 million.
I still find it surprising when people make assumptions about me. What new colleagues and clients first see is that I\u2019m a
In one call, a young employee was told
\u201cOur founders are convinced climate change is a real, immediate threat, so we have to do our part.\u201d
You'd be hard-pressed to find a plan this generous elsewhere in retail. At least in America.
The term \holiday creep\ is a punchline for every other story you'll read about shopping. As in, \They're starting their
Why is everyone so confused? Because, well, it's confusing.

Whether you listen to it or not, your intuition is healthy and functioning. If you want to make better decisions in life, you'd do well to brush up on your intuition skills. You can start by emulating some of the habits of highly intuitive people.
Let\u2019s be honest. As much as we\u2019d like, cars don\u2019t show up on the shopping lists of most consumers over the holidays. Still
The unemployment rate dropped to 4.6 percent and nonfarm payrolls increased by 178,000 jobs last month, the Labor Department said.
Have you ever attempted to check references before hiring, and run into a brick wall with the former employer giving you
From audits to award shows \ud83d\udc60
Chief operating officer Kevin Johnson will take Schultz's position.
Six Leadership Lessons from an Historic Presidential Election As half the U.S. struggles with feelings of numbness and despair
Dozens of arrests for civil disobedience mark the campaign's 4th anniversary.
We just saw the largest online shopping day in U.S. history.
CEO says all the passengers on the flight were given refunds.
We live in the age of the \u201cNext Big Thing.\u201d The latest and greatest smartphones are released every twelve months, rendering
What happens after you click \buy.\
The most complained-about financial institutions aren't banks or credit card companies. They're credit reporting agencies
When Mike Barco's new steering unit needs to be replaced, he turns to the manufacturer for help. Why can\u2019t he get an answer
The winner, who has yet to come forward, purchased the ticket in Tennessee.


Wells Fargo has asked a court to order dozens of customers who are suing the bank to resolve their disputes in private arbitrations, according to legal documents.
Shoppers are just keeping calm and carrying on.






It's the 9th largest jackpot in the game's history, officials said.

\Environmental values are something we all embrace,\u201d the company said.
\Expect to see lots of privatization and a general shift from transparent to murky ...\
\It was just a toy for our grandson. Who would have known?\ the toy's buyer said.
The voluntary recall affects some hummus and spread products made before Nov. 8.


The American food industry is infested by poor working conditions, below average wages, and rampant discriminatory, abusive labor practices.

By Richard D. Harroch Being a first-time entrepreneur can be challenging and nerve-wracking but also very exciting and rewarding
People tend to pile into markets just as they are nearing their peaks, and panic out of them only after prices have fallen.
\u201cWhat we\u2019re looking at is a broad shift of investment back to the U.S.\u201d
Most of the cuts will be in corporate units.
Failure to do so \u201cputs American prosperity at risk,\u201d more than 300 U.S. companies say in an open letter to the president-elect.
Get ready, shoppers.
\The only reason to leave my dream job was to go and fight a nightmare.\
This year saw a surge in trolling on the site.
\It\u2019s not only that diversity and inclusion are good for our business. It\u2019s more fundamental than that \u2014 it\u2019s simply right.\
The clothing retailer is weighed down by intense competitive pressures and a rocky relationship with its founder.
When the UPS store slaps the wrong label on Susan Baker's package, it threatens to ruin her daughter's special day. What
Once it became clear Tuesday night that Donald Trump was on track to when the electoral votes necessary to clinch the presidency

The company's \ethnic affinity\ tool enabled highly specific and potentially illegal targeting of ads.
He called for those with \hateful attitudes\ to resign.
\Apple\u2019s North Star hasn\u2019t changed,\ the company's CEO wrote to U.S. employees Wednesday.
Knocked down by friendly fire.
It's been a rough 13 months for the one-time Silicon Valley darling.
(Reuters) - A six-day-old bus and rail strike in Philadelphia is set to end with a deal reached by the Southeastern Pennsylvania


The oil giant says its request is \focused on groups or individuals directly involved in a campaign to discredit our company.\
Tens of millions of animals will be spared from suffering. \ud83d\udc14
Beware the driver who's \flirting to a captive audience.\
Even though three Comcast technicians have visited Sheldon Masel's house, they still can't install a working phone. What
While analysts and regulators weigh the pros and cons of AT&T's recently proposed $85.4 billion merger with Time Warner, customers


Uber will appeal the decision.
The social network has been struggling to sign up new users amid competition from nimbler rivals such as Instagram and Snapchat.
Details of the so-called Tesla Network will be released sometime next year.
The report is a big boost for Tesla, which has struggled to merge bold innovation with the reality of markets.
The World Economic Forum said that it might take another 170 years for women and men to be paid the same.
AMERICA!
The burrito chain saw sales fall 15.2 percent in the last quarter.
The fall continues.
\He did die where he said he wanted to die, so we\u2019re trying to get a little bit of solace in that.\
Katie McLaughlin accuses the company of being \u201cdriven by sales rather than the safety of kids.\u201d
A new law would penalize anyone who advertises renting out their home for less than 30 days.
Hello Peter, whats happening? Ummm, I\u2019m gonna need you to go ahead come in tomorrow. So if you could be here around 9 that
The colossal merger could reshape the media ecosystem -- if regulators let it happen.
Chances are, if you working in one of today\u2019s organizations, you find yourself surrounded by millennials. According to the
Make these giant, tax-dodging, multinational corporations pay what they owe. Don't reward them for tax-dodging. And restore the 52% corporate tax rate instead of cutting it even further.

At least 16 deaths are now linked to the defect that prompted a recall of nearly 100 million air bag inflators.
Time Warner rejected an $80 billion offer from a different company in 2014.
The move would bring together Newport, Kent and Pall Mall cigarettes in the world\u2019s biggest listed tobacco company.
Ew.
The company has long faced criticism over its approach to harassment.
The bank is accused of opening millions of unauthorized customer accounts and credit cards.
The oil giant is doing everything it can to distract and delay, says the office of New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman.
It's supposed to be so well-made that it'll last 30 years -- or the designer will replace it for you.
The streaming giant's third-quarter earnings were nothing like the Upside Down.
Millions of animals will no longer spend their lives in minuscule cages.  \ud83d\udc14

Today we live in a world where technology continues to simplify our lives, making it easier to get things done \u2013 from shopping
Donald Trump wants to dramatically cut taxes for the already-wealthy and their giant corporations. This would starve local communities of resources like teachers and infrastructure, while stacking the deck further against smaller, local businesses.

The massive data breach may impact the $4.83 billion deal.
Verizon has hinted that the hack could affect the $4.8 billion deal.
He hasn't even had the job for a week yet.
\u201cThis is an egregious example of corporate abuse \u2013 among the worst we have witnessed during the six years of this administration.\
If they told us more, would we listen?
Tesla, SolarCity and SpaceX face a bevy of problems -- but now isn't the time to bet against Musk.
Wells Fargo & Co\u2019s veteran chairman and chief executive officer, John Stumpf abruptly departed on Wednesday bowing to pressure
This \u201cmight incentivize people to do more, to make it tougher on Wells Fargo.\
The expansion comes less than a year after the online retailer opened a chain of brick-and-mortar bookstores.
The phone has caused major safety issues for customers.
When Hillary Clinton and\u00a0Donald Trump met for their first debate at Hofstra University last month, it\u00a0took less than 20 minutes
The two companies will face off again next week at the Supreme Court.
As part of the settlement, Mylan won't have to acknowledge any wrongdoing.
The U.S. economy added 156,000 jobs last month.
This is a fine worthy of Dr. Evil.
The move impacts workers in Arizona, California, and Pennsylvania.
The company's value has soared in the last five years and it has more users than Twitter.
This mobile aquaponic farm could be a game changer.
The case is sending shockwaves through the industry.
Man, woman; gay, straight; blue-collar, white-collar.
Lofty sales incentives drove that bank's workers to majorly rip off consumers.
I am making a documentary. In India. And I have zero money. And I mean really zero -- I work at a small NGO in one of the


We ain't saying he's a gold digger, but...
Generous maternity leave literally makes companies more valuable.
Lawmakers called for the CEO to resign, and for the bank to be broken up.
Yikes.
It's a heartening sign of change in the notoriously low-paying restaurant industry.
The Department of Justice\u2019s decision to phase out privatized prisons is eating away at the CCA's profits.
The surprise deal will boost the energy industry, and likely cost consumers at the pump.
The announcement comes after Wells Fargo was hit $185 million in fines over a fake-account scandal.
The auto giant says it's not sending jobs to Mexico.
GM and VW now rival each other for diesel, two-letter acronyms and the two biggest auto industry scandals in years.
When the phone company can't get Cheryl Roy's phone line right, is she owed anything for the hours of wasted time? Question
The recent passage of the Consumer Review Fairness Act of 2016 in the House of Representatives raises a new question about





Making money on the internet may be a suspicious topic, but the values online are the same as that offline. The key is to


The struggling social network is looking for a buyer.
Watch out, Wall Street.
This could be the latest sign Apple is getting into the car business.
The investigation has been called a \moment of reckoning\ for the corporation.
Consumer ads struggle to be light and topical in a year of terrible politics.
It plans to give over half a million to nonprofits campaigning for this change.
The bank is backing the company building the controversial Dakota Access Pipeline.







5,300 employees were fired after it was revealed that the bank opened millions of accounts without customers' knowledge.
\We are truly sorry and regret the pain we have caused. We ask for forgiveness.\
Deductibles keep getting bigger, and costs are still growing faster than paychecks.
Work-related dissatisfaction in your 20s and 30s can lead to health issues in your 40s, a study suggests.
Many think taking sick days is a sign of weakness.
The new system will rely on foremost on radar to detect obstacles, rather than primarily on cameras.

The bank was scamming customers for years, until the CFPB put an end to it.
Wells Fargo will pay $185 million in penalties and $5 million to customers that regulators say were pushed into fee-generating accounts that they never requested.
This could upset a lot of people.
Dear Mr. President
Some U.S. corporate giants fail to put their money where their mouths are.
The closure leaves 35,000 students without an educational path forward.
For the past quarter century, capitalism in the advanced economies has moved forward in an impressive but not inclusive fashion. The winners are clear. First, it is industries that trade outside of their own local area, such as pharmaceuticals or software.
Mother Teresa has this week become a saint. A saint of Selflessness. At the same time, in the US, we have the Saint of Selfishness, Donald Trump with his red ties and bellicose divisive style. In echoes of Gordon Gekko, Donald once proudly declared; \You can never be too greedy\
Powerful people are never satisfied with the status quo. They're the ones who constantly ask, \What if?\ and \Why not?\ They're not afraid to challenge conventional wisdom, and they don't disrupt things for the sake of being disruptive; they do so to make things better.
Successful people come from all walks of life, yet they all have one thing in common
Labor Day is a time to pay tribute to the contributions workers have made to the prosperity of our country. But you probably don't think about workplace safety much. Most of us show up to work each day and we take it for granted that we will return home safely.
This comes after two straight months of robust gains.
Are things about to get ugly in the ride-hailing business?
Is Apple avoiding paying its share of taxes? \u00a0And why should I care?\u00a0 In light of this week\u2019s news that the EU wants Apple
The donation came as Florida's attorney general was considering joining a lawsuit against Trump's for-profit school.
She's taking advantage of a policy her father wants to end.
The swimmer posted a Twitter ad for a personal safety device.
It's the Baby Boomers' world. We're just living in it.
EpiPens have had their price increased by over 500%, sparking outrage from consumers and political figures alike. Senator



The coffee chain says its employees called for more food donations -- but that's not all they're asking for.
Whether you\u2019re already a millionaire or working on making your first million, nearly all millionaires have habits that keep
\u201cYou\u2019re just going to have to do that, it\u2019s too important,\ Congressman Jason Chaffetz said.
Are investors in for a bumpy ride?
... For now.
They may be the greatest thing since sliced bread.
A new battery upgrade extends the range of the car, too.
You\u2019ve been studying Chinese for a few years, and you want to take your China-savvy to the next level
This week, Instagram released its newest product feature into the cosmos--Instagram Stories. Right off the bat, the Internet flooded with criticism of the Facebook subsidiary's latest move, calling it a blatant rip-off of Snapchat, another less popular social sharing network.
The vehicles will see regular public use.
Montana hotel workers reach a whopping $4 million settlement.
Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff has tried to keep quiet, but this week may have been too much.
\u201cI never gave my father information so he could trade on it.\
A right-wing think tank offers up a surprising new proposal.
The change comes after a HuffPost report in July.
Don't bet against Musk.
A new six-country survey finds many consumers want tech companies to be responsible for helping them recycle.
Tim Cook inadvertently schools Trump on the art of the apology.
The automaker already agreed to pay $15.3 billion over its emissions scandal.
Walmart and Whole Foods are already doing this.
A rare look behind the curtain at Southwest\u2019s meltdown offers several important customer-service lessons.
If you really want to be taken more seriously at work, you should start by looking in the mirror and doing what you can to increase your influence.




Make America glean again.

She may be the first U.S. president to truly understand working mothers.
It definitely does not, though it does have some perks for the kids of hotel guests.
\u201cA once thriving city will turn into a hollowed out museum,\u201d attorney Kate Downing wrote.
More than 70 percent of medically important antibiotics in the United States are sold for use on livestock and poultry.
Do restaurants need to waste a ton of food to keep customers from falling ill?
His attempt to reinvigorate the campaign after a horrible week flopped.

We all know that living under stressful conditions has serious emotional, even physical, consequences. So why do we have so much trouble taking action to reduce our stress levels and improve our lives?
Conviction in a leader is an incredibly valuable yet increasingly rare trait. It's in short supply because our brains are wired to overreact to uncertainty with fear. As uncertainty increases, the brain shifts control over to the limbic system, the place where emotions, such as anxiety and panic, are generated.


This marks the second straight month of strong growth.
As sales growth slows, Walmart is seeking to improve customer service.
Besides Exxon, the agreement says other entities could be targeted if states felt they were delaying action to fight climate change.
The billionaire wants to marry Tesla and SolarCity. But he says SpaceX should remain a bachelor.
It fosters pay discrimination and it\u2019s over.
The casino, once owned by Donald Trump, is the latest casualty in the financially struggling area.
\I think it\u2019s just inappropriate to pay senior executives a bonus when all the employees are losing their jobs,\ the judge said.
And take time to sleep and think.
Walmart is going shopping.
She's right.
Warren Buffett might be the only super-rich person Americans actually listen to.
Elon Musk's empire is consolidating.
Forget all those other job benefits
It's a sign of a changing global economy.
It's a $35 billion megamerger.
The battle for China is over. And Uber lost.
\These cherries are beautiful! But we have to dump 14 percent.\




Economists had forecast GDP growth rising at a 2.6 percent rate in the last quarter.
No one expects this guy to bake cookies or host teas. And that's good news for America.
The case will proceed in Massachusetts.
For Erin Callan, it was a nightmare.
\u201cThis is about bringing better accuracy and accountability to a market that desperately needs it.\u201d
Get ready to iDrive.
But they're not for Facebook employees.
Can 'The Late Late Show with James Corden' save a struggling Apple?
Many of the women who spoke to The New York Times hinted at a broader problem in the workplace.
With little left to lose, Yahoo's CEO gets real.
Buying Yahoo\u2019s operations will boost Verizon\u2019s AOL internet business by giving it access to Yahoo\u2019s advertising technology tools as well as other assets such as search, mail and messenger.
Yet another business leader can't get on board with the real estate mogul.
She couldn't rescue the company, but she'll walk away with millions.



Governments around the world are investing heavily into building tech ecosystems and altering entire tax systems to attract startup entrepreneurs. Stakeholders must focus on fostering big disruptive ideas with global potential and serious bankability.

Roger Ailes is being paid quite handsomely to leave Fox News.
A deal could be coming soon.
Burn calories while sitting in rush hour traffic.
Mohamed Ahmed Radwan said a flight attendant told him \I'll be watching you\ before getting him kicked off a flight.
Don't mess with us.
A big day for the men's grooming company.
A judge refused to extend protections shielding Nick Denton from liabilities.
The pay gap is a complicated cultural stew.
With smarter designs, it could help you get healthier.
It didn't go as planned.
Has the Nintendo stock Pika-peaked?
Take that, establishment!
Daimler and Paccar are among those penalized for the practice that spanned 14 years.
In a relatively quiet court filing on July 15th, 5 women who sued Wal-Mart 15 years ago for sex discrimination in employment

It can be downright exhausting.
Have you ever had these challenges when thanking an employer? Have you ever had challenges when you go to a job interview

In order to reduce your potential of contributing to the penalty-based revenue businesses generate for the US government, the following are legal mistakes you should avoid at all costs.

Twelve progressive senators are demanding action against \universities\ that really aren't.
The conservative billionaire once wrote that giving women the right to vote was bad for democracy.
A $10 million lawsuit has revealed a confidentiality agreement between the campaign and a former staffer.
Sukhinder Singh Cassidy came up with the perfect solution to one of the lamest excuses in the tech industry.
Dalian Wanda Group, which bought production company Legendary Entertainment in January, has been trying to expand its U.S. movie business.
\Wages for many Americans have gone nowhere for too long,\ JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon says.
Whole Foods, Viacom and Anheuser-Busch all pitched in.
The company is facing another federal probe.
Working 24/7 shouldn\u2019t be an automatic badge of honor.

We're turning to female leaders, but don't break out the champagne and Beyonce playlist just yet.



Nine months after a devastating expos\u00e9, things worsen for Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes.
The company says it has been unable to speak with survivors or retrieve crash data.
\u201cWe must hold each other to account on #ParisAgreement.\u201d
IMF chief Christine Lagarde said the Republican candidate's antitrade policies could be \disastrous.\
Grocery stores throw out a stunning amount of food. But they can change.
Besides not getting paid.
Unbelievable.
This crash occurred a day after Tesla revealed the first autopilot fatality.
There was a slight bump in the S&P 500 as the FBI director announced the findings of an investigation into Hillary Clinton's personal email use.
Legislators have proposed a \tech tax.\
The problem isn't just men vs. women.
It's unclear whether that matters to voters who lost their jobs to Chinese exporters, though.
This time it's a financial journalist who asked about the deadly \Autopilot\ crash.

The average person has 70,000 thoughts each day, and if you don't learn to organize them, they have the potential to wreak havoc on your productivity.
One can only hope that, over this Fourth of July holiday, potential patrons of the Taj Mahal choose to honor the union's picket lines, and take their business to another casino. Having been part of a picket line myself, I can't tell you how gratifying it is to see people voluntarily acknowledge a union's attempt to get a fair contract.
The Model S maker failed to meet its delivery projections. Again.
Problem is, coal mining jobs aren't coming back -- even under President Trump.

The jackpot is the seventh largest in U.S. history.
I'm sure you've been asked many times whether you're an introvert or an extrovert. For some people, it's an easy choice, but for most of us, it's difficult to choose one way or the other.
Get your pitchforks.
That's hardly the company's only problem right now, though.
The Never Trump movement is still going strong.
Rents have gone up faster than incomes for decades. Way, way faster.
Having children often makes it harder to advance in your career, according to a new poll.
And then they cut employee benefits.
There are some reasons to think so.
What a metaphor.
British and European banking stocks, which had suffered the worst of the market rout, climbed back up.
That represents a $13.5 trillion market, according to a new report.
But there's still a long way to go.
This is what Etsy's *actual* offices look like. Glorious.
He started off sounding like Bernie Sanders. Then he sounded like Donald Trump.
The settlement would be the largest ever automotive buyback offer in U.S. history and most expensive auto industry scandal.
Yikes.
What if the U.K.'s vote to leave the EU is not an isolated incident, but part of a populist trend that warns of more to come?
The retailer hopes in-store restaurants will \create a better bookstore\ and keep customers there longer.
Lisa Selle has $600 sucked out of her debit card in Las Vegas. Why won't American Express cover her loss? Question








Oof.

Surge pricing is dead. Long live surge pricing!
The lingering effects of the economic crisis are creating obstacles for most families who want to buy homes.
\Grieve for Europe ... worry about Britain.\
Britain's vote to leave the EU roiled markets on Friday.
It's best to take a long-term view.
\ud83c\udf55
The British pound had collapsed no less than 15 U.S. cents, easily the biggest fall in living memory.
The vote to leave the EU has sparked a panic among investors around the world.
Or it should anyway.
\The participants were caught off guard and it showed a touch of complacency in terms of the vote.\
Eventually, someone's pet project becomes a corporation-wide commitment.
The key is a modular design, where pieces can be reused.
This week's episode of \By The Numbers\ focuses on the presumptive GOP nominee.
Apparently, \The Apprentice\ didn't sell them on Donald Trump's management skills.
Taking the high road.
He is far from generous when it comes to giving away his money.
Go ahead, make sandwiches wherever you want in the Empire State.
\u201cI think we can solve the problem with the giant fusion reactor in the sky called the sun.\u201d
Though Marc Benioff fought for LGBT rights, he's mum on the presumptive GOP nominee.
Trump is trying to erase the huge financial disadvantage he faces against Hillary Clinton.
\The wheels on the gig-economy go 'round and 'round...\
Airbnb's Brian Chesky is not a fan.
A loophole in the World Bank's policy protecting indigenous communities could allow governments around the world to displace locals in the path of agricultural development without restoring their livelihoods.
His proposals would cause a recession and maybe worse.
Try as hard as she might, Michelle Blanchard can't get off Petco's email list. What will it take to get the company to stop


A built-in delay would protect investors from traders who use tactics depicted in Michael Lewis' 2014 book \Flash Boys
The plaintiff sued in 2014 for more than $50 million, claiming that he was defamed in the film.

The shooting in Orlando on Sunday, which claimed the lives of 49 people, has reignited the debate over gun control in the
Give them a break at the office. Seriously.
That whole \rapists\ thing doesn't leave much to debate.
Welcome to the megacities of the future.
\The astonishing thing about Mr Trump\u2019s business career \u2014 given what he received \u2014 is not how much he has achieved but how little.\
At least in seven states, you can forget the cash and cards.
It\u2019s one of just nine major companies that have at least 40 percent women in leadership.
The risk of a Brexit contributed to the Fed's decision.
For now, the service is relatively affordable.
Well, this is awkward.
Scientist Roy Spencer is one of dozens of creditors named in Peabody Energy's bankruptcy documents.
A new report says the directors of the largest companies in the world are overwhelmingly male -- and things aren't likely to change much anytime soon.
(Reuters) - Microsoft Corp  agreed to buy LinkedIn Corp  for $26.2 billion in cash, the companies said in
It's been a rough month for the blood testing startup so far.
\Business as usual\ is a dangerous place to be. \Business as usual\ is stagnation -- a plateau, a zone of zero growth, no momentum, and no velocity.
The most important part of getting a great deal is feeling as though you got one. However, getting a great deal is not as complicated as it seems. There are lots of tools available for you to use. All it takes is a little persistence and an unwillingness to say no.
Put down your tablet--unless you're flying a gyrocopter or a \drone\, or you're sailing on a fan or jet-powered hovercraft, or a two wheeled hoverboard... And look up in the sky for new high-flying tech (HFT) or down the street to see a pack of kids coming, each on some one-wheeled thing--something new is upon us.



As I head back to WaterAid's office in New York, I do so full of energy and new ideas. Sustainable Brands has given me a lot to process, think about and share with others. Most unusual of all, on the last afternoon of a four-day conference, I found myself excited and already looking forward to the next one. See you in Detroit.
Unemployment in the United States has steadily improved over the past six and a half years. The unemployment rate today is
It had a lot to do with structure -- corporate structure.
\There is no safety defect with the suspensions in either the Model S or Model X,\ the company wrote.
The House votes on Friday.
Because math.
A new report ranks popular companies based on their promotion of cotton sustainability -- and the results are pretty dismal.
We've got a long way to go.
McClendon's Chevy Tahoe slammed into a concrete bridge one day after he was indicted for violating anti-trust laws.
An Uber driver has been removed from the rideshare service after he was recorded hurling homophobic comments at an Australian
While many of the big predatory colleges quit APSCU after the group failed in its lobbying mission, some honest owners of better-performing, often smaller, career colleges have told me they had already left in disgust because the group had become so dominated by arrogant, misbehaving schools and owners.
Show this to your boss.
This doesn't look good.
Urban centers often have at their perimeters small towns with well-educated, wealthy residents. States without such large
Last decade\u2019s financial crisis left many losers in banking. One winner is the jumbo.
It will get harder to trap people in unaffordable debt.
The city is moving to limit the number of consecutive hours taxi and limo drivers can work.
You know who you are.
Women in Saudi Arabia -- Uber's biggest investor -- are essentially a captive market.
As the North American chief executive of a major tech firm, Julie Sweet clearly knows what it takes to be an effective leader
Less than a year into his return as C.E.O., one thing is clear
Peter Thiel's seat on Facebook's board is not in jeopardy, despite the tech entrepreneur's secret legal campaign against
\A future dominated by shared, driverless cars linked via ride-hailing apps may sound like a world without traditional forms of mass transit. But we don't believe it will be.\
That's just ridic.
Why a salary calculator upset an awful lot of women.
More evidence the corporate world can't stomach Trump.
Days ago Redstone suggested ousting Viacom Chief Executive and the board of directors.
A credit card buys people more time for the job hunt.
Walmart's Board of Directors has been wired against shareholder-driven change since the 1960s. The Walton family controls sufficient shares to bottle up any grassroots initiatives.
Some of these habits may seem minor, but they add up. Most amount to a personal choice between immediate pleasures and lasting ones. After all, the worst habit is losing track of what really matters to you.
Rather than a slew of tasks on paper, which have no context as to complexity or time-requirements, set aside time blocks on your calendar to complete those tasks.

Now is the time for leadership, change, improvement, growth and the acceptance of new challenges as they continue to emerge.  The differentiator is whether you, your workforce and your constituents are prepared with the skills and mindset to meet these challenges.

Coming from the Financial Times, that's a sobering wake-up call.
For people earning the minimum wage, the answer is \u201cway more than you make.\u201d

The largest strike in five years may soon be over.
This week, California lifted some \u2014 but not all \u2014 of its statewide restrictions on urban water use. This comes as Lake Mead\u2019s
This article was originally published on 24/7 Wall St. Once introduced, cars quickly became part of America\u2019s culture \u2014 but
A new IMF paper questions the value of harsh measures, but it's not going to result in any major changes.
Our American culture of overworking is contributing to our diet-related problems. But that could be changing.
When an old food giant buys a hip, healthy startup, who changes whom?
John McLaughlin, the man behind the beloved rollercoaster voyage into Regal Cinema's feature presentations, has died at the
While a dollar bill looks and feels the same all over the United States, its value is often very different depending on where
A CNN investigation found more  drivers who may be fighting fatigue.
Well done.
People don't pair off and move in together in their 20s anymore because they don't feel forced into marriage.
The sporting goods retailer has to sell everything by the end of August.
Monsanto, which said last week it had a received an approach from Bayer but gave no details, has yet to comment on the offer.
How rich is he?


\It's the feeling that everyone brings to the workplace that will bring out their best. They'll work harder,\ the Seahawks coach says.
Alcohol poisoning and alcohol-related liver diseases are major contributors to the recently identified spike in mortality
This article was originally published on 24/7 Wall St.\u00a0 When thinking of relocation, Americans consider an area\u2019s job prospects
Any deal could raise U.S. antitrust concerns because of the overlap in the seeds business.
BRUSSELS - EU state aid regulators aim to rule on Amazon's (AMZN.O) tax deal with Luxembourg by July, two people familiar
Company led by Elizabeth Holmes withdraws all Edison results from 2014 and 2015, issues tens of thousands of corrected blood
The golfer isn't facing any criminal charges.
An African-American man who claims he was subjected to race-based discrimination while using Airbnb slapped the company with
Disruption is changing some industries, but she said it's time for worker protections to be disrupted too.
The agricultural giant seems like it \forgot to sacrifice a goat to the gods.\
Winston & Strawn will give its associates 20 weeks of gender-neutral parental leave.
Claire Underwood would be proud.
Be open to the unexpected.
Women earn less than men in 439 of 446 major U.S. occupations, a Wall Street Journal examination of the gender pay gap found
The CEO-to-worker pay ratio is 335-to-1, says a new AFL-CIO report.
The pay gap is alive and well.
But it has nothing to do with bathrooms.
Debra Lee will also be the third woman named to the board.
Tesla relied on cheap foreign labor to build a hi-tech paint shop in California, paying workers as little as $5 an hour, according
It's not pretty.
We've all got those dreaded \things\ we need to work on inside our heads.  They're those things that seem to hold us back from charging our worth, feeling like we're enough and unapologetically announcing to the world who we are.  It keeps us from attracting clients.
Starting a company is a crazy thing. The very hubris it takes to set out on your own and believe you can create something from nothing should equally qualify and disqualify you as an entrepreneur.
Whether it's driving a clunker, or couch surfing instead of renting your own place, the necessities of making the entrepreneur lifestyle work can look like failure from the outside. But the bridge to success is built with sacrifice; personal and financial.
A lot of people make the mistake of thinking that they can only damage their careers by making one huge misstep, but the reality is that it's usually not that dramatic.

\u201cYou got your justice right here,\u201d the convicted child-killer Pablo Vasquez said as the lethal injection took effect.
Hundreds of cities and town across the nation are losing money protecting Wal-Mart's merchandise. It's just another example of public welfare for America's richest family.
If managers want their best people to stay, they need to think carefully about how they treat them. While good employees are as tough as nails, their talent gives them an abundance of options. Managers need to make people want to work for them.

The pharmaceutical giant Pfizer announced on Friday that it has imposed sweeping controls on the distribution of its products
The move shuts off the last remaining open market source of drugs used in executions.
People just aren't earning as much as they used to.
Female leadership at the bank is below the national average.
Walmart is the most popular store in America. More than half of all shoppers in the country visit a Walmart location in a
The coffee giant is asking investors to fund its environmental efforts for the first time.
The #SleepRevolution has arrived at your desk.
Don\u2019t dwell on the past. Today\u2019s leaders have to think, act, and adapt more quickly than ever to stay ahead of the competition
Shareholders think the company isn't saying enough about the risks it faces.
It'll cost you $49 annually, compared to Amazon's $99.
Left behind at school, at home and at work
Turns out that people don't mind tipping as an incentive for better service.
The world's biggest sportswear company gives a big boost to new parents.
It's about much more than just recycling.
But the benefits still aren't standard.
The move is part of the chain's  effort to rebound from a spate of disease outbreaks that crushed sales, repulsed customers and slashed $6 billion off its market valuation.
It's about to get a little harder to find a loan with 1,000 percent interest.
Number 2
Uber announced an agreement on Tuesday with a prominent union to create an association for drivers in New York that would
Subtle.
\This deal is going to end up looking either very smart or very stupid.\
Uber and smaller rival Lyft are attempting to settle legal actions by drivers who contend they should be classified as employees.
German firm JAB is going into the doughnut business.
This could all be part of the secret sauce known as the \Musk Doctrine.\
If you thought comparison shopping was hard with traditional travel companies, just try the sharing economy. Lightly regulated

Most people aren't great listeners. While someone is talking to them, they are more than likely thinking about what it is they are going to say when it is their turn. Sometimes, there is a game involved like

Food is a basic need that many people take for granted. Yet, 48 million Americans face limited access to adequate amounts
It's below the first-quarter average of 200,000.
Of course, he needs Congress to help.
The nation's consumer watchdog wants to help you sue financial companies for wrongdoing.
New technology offers a glimpse into what 21st-century urban life should look like.
Sorry, kids, but your allowance doesn't grow on trees.
A batch of cars could be ready to test within a year, according to one Lyft exec.
The Federal Reserve is essential. But which tools it should use is up for debate.
Hello, from the other side. Please hire me.
If this is you, here's why you need to change that.
\u201cIt simply isn\u2019t professional for the funds to do nothing.\u201d
Holy baggage fees.
Think your job is tough?
Don't confuse maternity leave with me-time.
The company insists drivers are independent contractors.
Stacy Pincus accuses the coffee chain of fraud, negligent misrepresentation and unjust enrichment.



Billionaire says it's wrong to blame calories alone for rising obesity levels.
The real fight is over union jobs, period.
National brands haven't taken a stance on weed yet, but they've been forced to acknowledge it.

Last week Chobani yogurt founder Hamdi Ulukaya gave his workers a taste of capitalism by granting them a share in the value of the company.
U.S. corporate profits, weighed down by the energy slump and slowing global growth, are set to decline for the third straight
We\u2019re still waiting for the app that stops real incomes from falling.
The studio behind \Shrek,\ \Madagascar,\ and \Kung Fu Panda\ has a new home.
Brokers are allowed to give you bad advice. The House wants to keep it that way.
High prices can weed out those who aren't committed, making a better experience for you.
It's not just small change.
The backstory on why the soup giant is making major changes.
Comcast Corp. is in talks to buy DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. for more than $3 billion, according to people familiar with
The city is so worried it is looking to insure against civil rights violations.
Japan's sixth-largest automaker has lost half of its market value since it admitted last week that it overstated the fuel economy of four domestic minivehicle models.
Low oil prices strike again.
Millennials in New York are more educated than the previous generation, but they're stuck in bad jobs with paltry pay.
Not yet, at least.
If it does, the association could be on shaky legal ground.
But the company's generous offer to employees is hinged on something that might not happen anytime soon.
Student protesters are trying a new strategy to convince their schools to dump investments in companies tied to climate change.
The deal, which still needs FCC approval, would create the second-largest broadband provider.
We live in an age of technology, where many tasks can be easily and efficiently completed through a computer. Companies and
I happen to believe government budgets are a moral issue because they reflect priorities. My moral barometer for measuring societies includes how it treats its young, elderly and those on its margin -- economically and socially.

Investors predict a fee hike.
The nation\u2019s middle class has been shrinking at what some call an alarming rate, and even as the nation\u2019s job market is expected
The outcome of similar, pending lawsuits could upend the company's whole business model.
There's too much pollution and too little economic growth. A green revolution could fix both.
A big step in the fight against climate change.
They want to take back bonuses if traders take too much risk.
When Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders called for General Electric to remove all of the chemicals it had pumped
This is one of the largest bankruptcies involving a non-financial company.
Worker dissatisfaction is soooooo 2005.
After two employees were killed, the hospital where they worked decided to tackle the issue head-on.
Governments could be receiving an extra $167 billion annually if corporations paid Reagan-era tax rates.
The wage gap starts here.
Making America make stuff again?
$$$
The U.S. welcomed one new female chief executive last year.
The cars used sophisticated software to evade U.S. emission rules.
For decades, oil companies have tried to ignore the truth about climate change.
\I'm not trying to knock Donald Trump, but...\
Europe's antitrust chief is expected to hit Google on Wednesday with anti-competitive charges concerning its Android mobile
Maybe it's \crass political calculation.\
When government agencies analyze energy projects, they don't consider the long-term costs of pollution.
The retailer came under pressure from a competitive job market and labor groups.
Federal prosecutors are investigating whether the blood-testing company misled investors about the state of its technology
The strength of organized labor in the United States depends largely on political and economic forces. Because these factors
The private space race, led in large part by Elon Musk's SpaceX, is a sign of things to come.
The Texan senator's gold standard policy is a terrible idea with a long history.

Ashton Kutcher, one of the world\u2019s highest-paid TV actors, can obviously afford that most essential of Los Angeles celebrity
You will either love or hate this place.
The government spends about $1 on healthcare of every $4 that Americans pay in federal income taxes.
Protests were also held overseas, including at a McDonald's at Disneyland Paris and outside the headquarters for the South Korea division of the fast-food giant.
North Carolina gets a big \no\ from the big top.
US corporate giants such as Apple, Walmart and General Electric have stashed $1.4tn (\u00a3980bn) in tax havens, despite receiving
Employees have been battling with the company over healthcare, temporary job relocations, pensions and offshoring call center jobs.
\Let them sell their summer homes and jets, and return those fees to their investors.\
Despite financial reforms, Wall Street behemoths remain big enough to jeopardize the economy if they fail, regulators said.
American Eagle, Payless, Disney and Forever 21 are some of the stores involved in the probe.
And you should feel fine.
It can go from 0 to 60 in less than 2.4 seconds.
Verizon customers with copper-line phones who call twice in 18 months for repairs - or live near someone who does - are likely
Federal health regulators have proposed banning Theranos Inc. founder Elizabeth Holmes from the blood-testing business for
Peabody's Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing ranks among the largest in the commodities sector since energy and metals prices began to fall in the middle of 2014.
None of the eight systemically important banks, which the U.S. government considers \too big to fail,\ fared well in the evaluations.
And now hospital workers are joining the cause.
The industry's value has dropped two-thirds in just five years.
They've been working without a contract since August.
It will keep the 900 jobs already in the state, but won't add the 250 more it had planned on.
It's just simple economics.
Mark Bertolini is an \unconventional boss\ who is \mindful of morality.\ And that's great for business.
Other regulators are stepping up while the SEC ignores climate change.
The automotive giant is giving its Michigan headquarters a Google-style makeover.
It would be the biggest U.S. strike since 2011.
And just a few days ago, he flubbed the history of the financial crisis.
Let's start talking.
Many people are inundated with great offers promising huge discounts on a product or service. Then, the recipient of the offer begins reading the fine print. Yes, the offer is valid, but it also requires too much work to collect.
If you want to create a successful, hyper-growth company, you've got to focus on creating the right culture and learning how to rapidly experiment. In this blog, I continue my discussion on these two key subjects with Jeff Holden, a brilliant entrepreneur and executive.
It's \unconscionable\ that landlords are violating the law, Letitia James says.
The long wait shows just how weak our labor laws are.
The bank admitted to deceiving the government with \years of reckless underwriting.\
The first half of the book had me laughing out loud, again and again. The second half had me worrying about current dangers to rational business culture, and our overall economy.
Marriott's acquisition will create the biggest hotel company in the world.
Losses from these scams totaled more than $2.3 billion from October 2013 through February of this year.
The brother of the victim says his family never received a recall notice from Honda.
This Krug man.
It started as a homework assignment for a college class, but the biodegradable, algae-based container 32-year-old product
Verizon Communications Inc. plans to make a first-round bid for Yahoo Inc.\u2019s Web business next week, and is willing to acquire
In a statement, Adelson said Las Vegas Sands was pleased to settle, and is committed to a \world class\ compliance program.
America is a haven for the world's tax cheats. Obama has done little to fix that.
According to some pages from the \u201cbook\u201d that Yahoo bankers have given out to prospective buyers, the financial situation
Eight corporate leaders signed a letter condemning Mississippi's anti-gay law.
Don Blankenship was sentenced to just one year in prison on Wednesday, but any punishment at all for mine safety violations is unusual.
The announcement followed the unveiling of new U.S. Treasury rules on Monday aimed at curbing such deals.
It turns out being sustainable can also be profitable.
The company had previously announced it would build a 400-employee global operations center in Charlotte.
It could be bigger than the tech revolution.
First Georgia. Then North Carolina. Now this?
Christine Lagarde reckons that higher minimum wages and more family-friendly policies would improve the economy.
Whenever minimum wage increases are proposed on the state or federal level, business groups tend to fight them tooth and
\That legitimately surprised us.\
All month long, we'll be here to demystify your financial life.
The move will expand Alaska Air's presence on the U.S. West Coast.
LOS ANGELES \u2014 Thomas O. Staggs, the favored contender to lead Disney after Robert A. Iger\u2019s retirement, is making a surprise
Over a year ago, an anonymous source contacted the S\u00fcddeutsche Zeitung (SZ) and submitted encrypted internal documents from
I was hired to help an organization that did manufacturing consulting get more business. It was just after the recession of the early 90's, and many of the consultants had lost their jobs with aerospace companies.
Earlier this year, the Brazilian TAM airlines came up with an ingenious way to improve passenger engagement levels with its inflight magazine. It had discovered that people on its flights spent less than 3% of their time in the air flicking through the magazine and less than 11% could even remember what they\u2019d read.
One of the biggest enigmas in business may just have been cracked. After conducting an extensive study into how the world\u2019s leading companies drive growth, Brand Learning has uncovered the new Growth Code for future success. The code reveals what it takes in practice to create a growth-ready organisation, energised by involved employees and fuelled by momentum-driving leaders.
Home equity loans and lines of credit are once again being pushed by banks hungry for profitable business, according to a recent Wall Street Journal article.   Here we go again.  It's as if the lessons learned from the housing crisis have been wiped away.
Alaska Air is expected to pay upwards of $2 billion for Virgin America, which currently has a market value of about $1.5 billion.
Millions of Americans are struggling unnecessarily to repay their student loans. The federal government offers a solution.
At the end of the day, John Ratzenberger says that his passion in life is simple, it's America. He wants to bring back improvisation, real fame, creators, and those who are willing to fall and get back up, because these are the roots upon which America was built.
Unemployment rate rose to 5 percent from 4.9 percent
The national women's team is paid 40 percent less than the men's.
Four corporate titans filed a court brief in support of the Clean Power Plan.
This is the 73rd straight month of job growth.
A formidable group, led by billionaire Michael Bloomberg, is pushing for more transparency.
Will life in North Brooklyn be Hell without the L?
Financial firms are used to \saying whatever they want,\ but Warren claims they went too far this time.
It\u2019s time to stop feeling anxious about your finances.
One evening in the late summer of 2015, Lisa Schwartz was watching television at her Vermont home when an ad for a sleeping
Lead paint is making New York City\u2019s children sick -- and some landlords see it as the cost of doing business.
Officials issued more than 10,000 violations since November 2013 for dangerous lead paint conditions in multi-unit residential buildings across the city. Find out if you live in one.
Tesla shows off its $35,000 sedan for the masses.
Because it went \u200bso well\u200b the last time we let our too-big-to-fail institutions make their own rules.
When California\u2019s aid-in-dying law takes effect this June, terminally ill patients who decide to end their lives could be
James Howard, 25, was wanted for an assault at Ohio University when deputies say he tried to purchase a rifle with a falsified background check.
\I STRUGGLE to put clothes on my daughter's back and food in our bellies because of THIS.\
We're actually pretty screwed, new study finds.
Blame the \hyper-growth\ strategy.
\We found ourselves, as history developed, at the center of the world.\
Andrew Caspersen is allegedly guilty of a cartoonish Wall Street fraud scheme.
The proposal would give California the highest statewide minimum wage.
\The faster the world gets, the more you need to step back and appreciate everything that's old and slow.\
We're entering the \age of entanglement.\
\It\u2019s true that robots are taking away some jobs, but at the same time they\u2019re creating lots of new jobs,\ one economist says.
Simple, honest and to-the-point.
Since it only takes seconds for someone to decide if you're trustworthy and competent, and research shows that first impressions are very difficult to change, the pressure that comes with meeting new people is justifiably intense.

\ud83d\ude20
America is meant to be a temple of free enterprise. It isn\u2019t.
More has gone right for Bezos lately than perhaps at any other time during his two-decade run in the public eye.
The U.S. is the world's hottest new tax haven.
One result of all this social connection is that many of us rarely have any time alone. While we're told that this connectivity is a good thing and that being around other people is necessary for a fulfilled life, you can certainly have too much of a good thing.
Companies work hard to adapt to changing market conditions yet most achieve only incremental change. Worse, people become burnt out by one change initiative after another and are left wondering, \What was the purpose?\
I am going to die. And I need to start living like it.
Insurance can provide a safety net for individuals who worry about their property or purchases. However, most insurance policies come with a long list of exclusions that can leave policyholders out in the cold when the unforeseen happens.
Energy companies that issued new share offerings this year have done better than average.
\You\u2019re not only increasing women\u2019s economic security\u201d by raising the minimum wage, says one researcher. \u201cYou\u2019re also increasing equality.\u201d
Surprise! White, male journalists make more than their female coworkers or colleagues of color.
The Rockefeller Family Fund announced it is divesting from fossil fuels and threw shade on Exxon Mobil in the process.
Elon Musk has tweaked his vision for storing clean energy in your home.
In 2010, 550 million eggs were recalled after thousands of people were sickened with salmonella in an outbreak tied to farms
Not much less, Amazon claims.
This is madness.
Coal-fired power consumes 7 percent of the world's freshwater, Greenpeace says.
The company is sharing its water-saving strategies with rivals.
With so many cashing in on the meditation craze, it\u2019s hard not to wonder whether something essential is being lost.
February's decline weighed on investor sentiment, with the S&P 500 stock index falling after the data was released.
Chelsea Lane was a freshman at Reed, the esteemed liberal-arts college in Portland, Oregon, when she first became \u00adinterested
The country is expecting an explosion in tourist activity after improved diplomatic and business relations with the U.S.
Low prices are making oil tanker heists off Africa's western coast not worth the risk.
Calling all doctors.
A new paper argues it would be a big mistake to declare them anything but traditional workers.
Here's a challenge. Take what you love and put it in your work.
No one cares as much about your money as you do! That's a simple fact, and to believe otherwise is to also believe in the tooth fairy. While you may like or respect an investment professional's advice , the ultimate responsibility for handling your money belongs to you.
We\u2019ve seen a lot of Chipotle co-CEO Steve Ells since last fall, when the first in a series of food-borne outbreaks were tied
And he's got the arena to prove he's serious.
Leases on federal land ignore coal's real cost, Greenpeace says.
Wall Street legend Sallie Krawcheck explains.
Good news for consumers -- and possibly for Hillary Clinton.
Despite higher unemployment, they keep voting for Hillary Clinton.
Six months paid time off for all new parents sounds like a dream.
The agricultural sector is often vilified. We know there's more to the story.
El Centro, California, is No. 1.
Tobacco sales are slowly turning to ash.
Louis Gagnon journeyed to India to share the power of mindful leadership.
Josh, a banker at a hedge fund in Manhattan, loves his Pax vaporizer.

For many of us, 2016 began with a promise -- a promise that this year we will accomplish that which has eluded us. Often it's the everyday things that prove most difficult -- managing your schedule, treating people the way you ought to, and keeping things in perspective when chaos is at hand.
Our biases nearly always get the best of us.
This story originally appeared in The Guardian, and is republished here as part of the Climate Desk collaboration. The US
Across the country, millions of Americans served by private wells drink, bathe and cook with water containing potentially dangerous amounts of lead.
Americans still love their cars.
Bonuses on Wall Street could be put to better use.
You heard that right
Digital media is far from the only way that people slip up and lose their jobs. People get fired all the time for seemingly innocent mistakes. While we snicker behind our coffee cups at the more egregious examples, there are still plenty of other ways to get fired that may surprise you.

When Daniel Nadler woke on Nov. 6, he had just enough time to pour himself a glass of orange juice and open his laptop before
Take notice of what's not mentioned
This is the first probe to consider whether regulators are \captured\ by banks they monitor.
And what companies are doing to stop it.
America's economy is chugging along.
\I want the employees to be rewarded by the guests and I want them to feel good about it.\
\The Oscar controversy was a wakeup call,\ Star Wars director says.
About one in three dollars donated to Republican hopefuls from mega-rich individuals came from people who owe their fortunes to fossil fuels.
Their experience shows that cutting carbon emissions enough to make a difference in preventing global warming remains a difficult
\Bank black, bank small and bank local.\
Dealing with difficult people is frustrating and exhausting for most. Exceptional employees control their interactions with toxic people by keeping their feelings in check.
From Enron to Volkswagen, we've watched in horror as leaders who lack integrity have destroyed businesses time and again. But the real tragedy happens when regular leaders, who are otherwise great, sabotage themselves day after day with mistakes that they can't see
No one wants to think about the prospects for threats or calamities. But when they happen--as they inevitably will--you will be very glad you thought through how to react, before that reaction was needed.
India's solar subsidies have been ruled illegal under international trade law.
Last year, it was all about poultry
Salesforce employees will soon have access to a mindfulness room on every floor.
They\u2019re boring. They\u2019re useless. Everyone hates\nthem. So why can\u2019t we stop having meetings?
For a long time, the way philanthropy worked was simple
The company is rolling out a new security feature which will allow cardholders to use a selfie or a fingerprint to verify their identity.
Zenefits\u2019s new chief executive, David Sacks, last week banned alcohol in the office of the health-insurance brokerage startup
And yet T-Mobile has risen more rapidly than ever.
Melinda Gates drives home a very important message about unpaid labor.
The technology for energy storage isn't the problem -- it's the way we price electricity.
The typical white household is almost 13 times richer than the typical black family.
\Here I am, 25-years old, balancing all sorts of debt and trying to pave a life for myself that doesn\u2019t involve crying in the bathtub every week.\u201d
When it comes to success, it's easy to think that people blessed with brains are inevitably going to leave the rest of us in the dust. But new research from Stanford University will change your mind (and your attitude).
Robots will likely terminate at least one aspect of male privilege in business.
\u201cWe know that people are irrational.\
More employers are offering food workers better pay and benefits than perhaps ever before, but there's still a long way to go.
The U.K. has a plan to bring executives into the mental health conversation. Can the U.S. do the same?
There's really no way to make moving money faster.
Panasonic's refusal to discriminate could help advance LGBT rights in Japan.
Vermont joins the growing list of places making this happen.
Earlier during the day said it would shut down its digital magazines.
They say a new analysis of the plan makes \u201cclaims that cannot be supported by the economic evidence.\
Employee wellness firms and insurers are working with companies to mine data about the prescription drugs workers use, how
The bank had a pretty bad year, but apparently the buck stops nowhere.
Banks aren't the only \too big to fail\ companies that put taxpayers at risk.
Neel Kashkari is on Sanders' side when it comes to big banks. Hillary Clinton and Obama are on the other.
2015 was a great year for female writers.
Seriously, cut it out.
The economist says Sanders is the only candidate who's willing to tax the rich.
This is \old-school\ at its worst.
Maybe your company is going through some internal shuffling and you're expecting your dream job to open up. Or, maybe you've been disappointed a few too many times by other people getting promoted ahead of you. Whatever the reason, you want to make certain now that you're ready to move up.
The struggles in Flint, Michigan, go far beyond the water crisis.
Great leadership can be a difficult thing to pin down and understand. You know a great leader when you're working for one, but even they can have a hard time articulating what it is that makes their leadership so effective.
Traders said that investors feared Japanese exporters' hopes of earnings growth will suffer if the yen strengthens further.
Horrible person still horrible.
It ain't pretty.
HACKENSACK, N.J. (AP) \u2014 Two lawsuits accuse Dunkin\u2019 Donuts franchises in New Jersey and New York City of charging sales tax
It would push gas prices up, but the planet will thank us.
Much has been said about the dangers of oil trains following several high-profile accidents, including a fiery 2013 crash
For the first time, Accenture on Monday released a detailed breakdown of the gender and ethnicity of its U.S. workforce.
In recent weeks, speculation has mounted that Amazon.com Inc. plans to launch a global shipping and logistics operation that
\$750 for a pill, Martin? That's not right, Martin.\
An Alabama hospital realized it needed to turn workers' health around. Here's its first step.
*stomach growls*
The administration's \aggressive action\ to root out wrongdoing may be little more than a branding effort.
As far as I was concerned, students that graduated from Ivy League schools were leaps and bounds more prepared for their careers than students who graduated from second-tier schools. But is that really true?
Too bad Congress is going to kill it.
The Education Department has the power to put dodgy accreditors out of business, but won't use it.
Sometimes a nudge isn't enough.
The IRS anticipates some of the systems will remain unavailable until Thursday.
The proposed fee would raise prices by about 24 cents a gallon.
Sumner Redstone has resigned as executive chairman of CBS, with Leslie Moonves stepping in the role, the company said Wednesday
The Federal Trade Commission's lawsuit suggests as many as 300,000 students were defrauded. The FTC's chairwoman said the figure is much smaller.
The question is whether anyone will pay for the struggling Internet giant.
The company is touting its redesign as drivers strike over fare cuts.
They force investors -- and in turn, CEOs -- to focus too much on the short-term, Larry Fink says.
It's committed to creating social good.
People are getting tired of junk food, and companies are taking notice.
Elon Musk's solar panel company should be competing with other solar producers, not fossil fuel firms.

While any sports shoe and apparel manufacturer can sign star athletes, Under Armour and Nike's other rivals have yet to master its use of the news media for promotional leverage. Nike pioneered this strategy during the 1984 Olympics.
It's not brown-nosing if you really mean it.
Grit is as rare as it is important. The good news is any of us can get grittier with a little extra focus and effort.
Some argue that the role of a COO conflicts with the authority of the CEO and creates an unnecessary layer of management. While this argument may have some merit, the CEO is ultimately responsible for ensuring the success of the business. Recent research shows that there is a direct correlation between increased organizational performance and the presence of a COO.
CLEVELAND \u2014 In the operating room at the Cleveland Clinic, Dr. Brian Fitzsimons has long relied on a decades-old drug to
The growth pace was in line with economists' expectations and followed a 2 percent rate in the third quarter.
Dirty energy stocks are tumbling.
In a 3-to-2 decision, California's Public Utilities Commission just barely voted to uphold the policy.
Here's why one CEO thinks we need to \teach children, and frankly, adults, how to learn.\
Moving money out of the usual offshore secrecy havens and into the U.S. is a brisk new business.
It stars with cultivating values like kindness and respect as office norms.
Bikram Choudhury was ordered to pay $924,500 on Monday to a former legal adviser.
The real lesson behind one woman's horrifying tale of sexism and shame on Wall Street.
Without hierarchy, there is chaos.
It may be an offer employees simply can no longer refuse.
I was terrified for my first real job interview.
Oh what a fool I was!
The celebrated author of \The Fault In Our Stars\ explains what motivates him to keep writing.
The odds are stacked against women over 50 who want to return to work. This program tries to help them.
There are proven strategies that you can use to improve the quality of your decisions when your emotions are clouding your judgment. What follows are eleven of the best strategies that successful people use in these moments.
\You've got a glorification of folks who say, 'Oh, I only sleep three to four hours a night' -- which is dead wrong.\
Beth Brooke-Marciniak, EY's global head of public policy, says diversity takes some serious introspection first.
Social media is not just about promoting your content directly, but also getting to know the movers and shakers in your industry. If you like to connect with people and companies online, it pays to mention them in your blogs, posts, and other content.
It's not easy being in charge.
How getting away from cutthroat corporate practices can \mobilize talent, drive innovation and drive transformation.\
To be included in the global financial system, women need digital identities, MasterCard executive says.
A businessman and author shares the importance of empathy in leadership.
Habitat for Humanity's CEO has an idea for how to do this.
More companies are realizing that refreshed, well-rested workers are better workers.
Tupperware CEO Rick Goings said the problem -- and the solution -- begins at the top.
\I don\u2019t think you can win politically by clinging to these ideas that simply don\u2019t add up.\
In a perfect world, we'd all sleep like Roger Federer.
The traditional route of college and career has become risky in a tech-driven economy.
Lally Weymouth said the Amazon CEO has done a \fantastic job\ with the paper.
Watching employees' every move has huge implications for the quality of life of workers, and their families.
\It's just about recognizing human potential,\ says Caroline Anstey.
But banks do have to find a way to get mid-career women back into the workforce, according to Anne Finucane.
\We're trying to change the culture,\ a bank spokeswoman said.
Make money, do good.
It's still a great move, though.
I'm not saying it's easy...
Officials aren't too confident in the product's overall ability to not ignite.
\We have to keep stepping up these challenges.\
Disneyland 60th anniversary bodysuits also affected
Gender equality is good business.
Queasy investors sent global markets plunging again Wednesday, stomping out recent meager gains and spotlighting fresh worries
Now comes the real work.
The deal will help Merck wrap up clinical trials.
So why aren't more companies doing it?
How will evolving technology shape the workplace of tomorrow?
\The future is bright.\
A relief well that the company began drilling in early December should reach the bottom of the 8,500-foot-deep well by late February or sooner, at which time it will be permanently taken out of service.
Turns out, going outside can do wonders.
A major survey of CEOs shows they're finally taking climate change seriously.
The chain also plans to host a company-wide meeting on new food-safety measures.
Just please don't run out and buy a Hummer.
\u201cWe think, mistakenly, that success is the result of the amount of time we put in at work instead of the quality of time we put in.\

Whether you've been in business for 10 days or 10 years, whether you've got $10,000 in revenue or $10 billion in revenue, there will be competition in whatever pond you're in. As the pond starts to fill up, even if you're at the top, someone or something is gaining on you to knock you from your perch.
HOUSTON \u2014 The world is awash in crude oil, with enough extra produced last year to fuel all of Britain or Thailand. And the
Take a blood test or lose your health coverage.
You'll have to find somewhere else to eat lunch on Feb. 8.
About $2.4 billion of the settlement is in the form of a government penalty that represents about 10 percent of investors\u2019 losses.
RIP, L train. Hello, gondolas!
Its troubles began after an E. coli outbreak came to light at the end of October, with additional cases being reported over the next several weeks.
He wants to end a conflict of interest in how debt is rated.
Having a monitored desk could be worse than having no desk at all.
There is no way to happiness; happiness is the way.
The Tesla chief said it's an \open secret\ that Apple is making its own electric vehicle.
Unfortunately, oil still pays better.
The world\u2019s 400 richest people lost almost $194 billion this week as world stock markets began the year with a shudder on
He's the latest celebrity chef to take a stand against tipping.
Walmart caskets come with free shipping, and other facts you might not know about the business of funerals.
It could be you!
Mental health in the workplace is neglected and rarely, if ever, addressed, according to an expert.
The odds of a winner are climbing, too.
Mr. Munoz\u2019s surprise surgery on Wednesday shocked some employees and investors in light of his statement, distributed by
Chipotle's sales and stock price have been battered by the outbreaks of foodborne illnesses linked to the company's restaurants.
You can waste this $2 without feeling bad.
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 American employers added a strong 292,000 jobs in December, suggesting that the U.S. economy is so far
Investors flee Navient Corp. as concerns mount.
Trading has been halted for the day, the second daylong suspension this week.
The estimated prize for Saturday's drawing is $675 million!
Netflix announced it will expand to 130 more countries.
The presidential hopeful says the industry has a major conflict of interest. He's not wrong.
If you've never summoned the will to ask for a raise, you're definitely not alone.
A lack dispensaries and participating doctors will likely cripple the pot program.
The retailer had a terrible holiday season.
Finally, in 2016, crying is not a sign of weakness.
It's tied to an outbreak at a restaurant in California.
Diane Bucci and her fellow retired Rhode Island schoolteachers were angry about a deal last year to cut their promised retirement
Why paid family leave is an essential part of lifting workers out of poverty.
We asked Americans how they feel about their jobs. The results weren't pretty.
The government has vowed to punish executives for corporate wrongdoing. Will it follow through?
U.S. car sales hit an annual record, clearing a previous peak reached in 2000 as lower gas prices and interest rates spurred
Some toy blocks are outshining gold.
But they're still only getting half the money they were supposed to.
Losses in China were bad enough to close stock markets for the day.
The auto giant invested $500 million into Uber's main U.S. rival.
The washing machine Laurie Beane just bought from Sears is suddenly on sale. Why does the company want to return it in order to honor the new price?
Here are five things to ask your agent about your policy right now -- while you still can adjust your premiums to make up for the rising costs.
Communicating value isn't about a list of things you do or products you offer. It isn't even enough to share stories about people who have used your product or service or become involved in your cause.
My January article offers sixteen ways to elevate your leadership, with the emphasis on who you need to \BE\ in order to achieve these simple but often neglected \to-dos.\
If you define your self-worth as an entrepreneur by how busy you are, it's time to find another lifestyle. For survival, entrepreneurs need to be all about accomplishing results that matter for themselves, their team, and their customers. That's productivity.
The Internet has delivered on its promise of social and economic progress. Unfortunately, it has also delivered unprecedented opportunities for scaling global conflict, terrorism, criminal activity, state and industrial espionage and vandalism. These risks continue to expand.
Investors are fleeing Navient Corp. as traders increasingly bet that the company will default on its debt.
The bill requires contracts for projects and payment within 30 days of completion.
While everyone was going wild over two-wheeled, hands-free scooters, an aerospace company made a real freakin' hoverboard.
The troubled pharmaceutical company will be led by a group of executives until CEO Michael Pearson is well.
The company is controlled by Warren Buffett, one of the world\u2019s richest men, but its methods hardly match Buffett\u2019s honest
What a year.
Whether you need your website, or an important document such as a marriage license, transcript, contract or other official document translated into another language, it helps to understand what kinds of features you should be looking for.

Influential people aren't buffeted by the latest trend or by public opinion. They form their opinions carefully based on the facts. They're more than willing to change their mind when the facts support it, but they aren't influenced by what other people think, only by what they know.
Similar to the point above, just because you have a C-level title, doesn't automatically make you a \leader.\ I often stress the fact that you don't need a title to lead. You can be a leader in your workplace, your neighborhood, or your family, all without having a title.
There are a host of reasons why a non-focused startup business is more likely to struggle for survival, lose market and investor attention, and miss out on the opportunity to capitalize on their scope.
For Sean Conway, entrepreneurship was in his blood. Growing up in a household where his parents were both entrepreneurs, Sean knew from an early age that he wanted to be an entrepreneur as well. So at the age of 15, he started reading all the business books he could.
The most expensive problems are those that customers or interested third parties discover. If companies try to sweep them \under the rug,\ or invest resources to deliberately deceive the public, there is likely to be a big explosion as the pressure builds under that rug. This is what has happened to VW.
Effective personal branding can even help you land your dream job. An often overlooked way to showcase what you bring to the table lies in your email signature.
But some heroic employees have volunteered to work on the holiday.
Chuck Cohn founded Varsity Tutors in 2007 at Washington University in St. Louis. Varsity Tutors is a live learning platform that connects students with personalized instruction to accelerate academic achievement.
I have something I can give you for the holidays -- a way to help insure some future prosperity with a few inflation-fighting stock picks that can brighten up your portfolio, which also can be used to help balance your home budget against unexpected cost increases.
Predominantly African American congregations make up one-fifth of U.S. religious congregations but three-fifths of church
Developing countries face pressure to use renewable energy, but maybe we should unplug our decorations.
It's not yet known if the attackers succeeded in stealing payment card numbers.
\When you're given a project like this, you look at the universe of hazards,\ said Mansour Samadpour, CEO of IEH Laboratories, which was hired by Chipotle to tighten its procedures.
Shannon White is thrilled to have a place to come home to. Now she wants her daughters to join her there.
The successor to Martin Shkreli, the flamboyant former executive at the center of the drug industry\u2019s price-gouging scandals
These employers aren't waiting for America to change its policy on parental leave.
A small change could mean a big improvement for Americans with federal student loans.
According to some of the world's biggest companies, future disasters could also present lucrative business opportunities.
New measures follow ICIJ and HuffPost investigation that revealed bank wasn't enforcing its own rules
2015 was a tipping point for paid leave in the U.S.
The central bank doesn't think interest rates will rise -- unless Wall Street misses the message.
Where do things go from here? Nobody really knows.
It's another bad day for the reviled pharma executive.
Becoming a more likable leader is completely under your control, and it's a matter of emotional intelligence (EQ). Unlike innate, fixed characteristics, such as your intelligence (IQ), EQ is a flexible skill that you can improve with effort.
Many leaders fall into the trap of thinking that leadership begins on day one of a new job. But everything new leaders do and say, and don't do and don't say, sends powerful signals, starting well before they even walk in the door on day one.
He's being replaced on an interim basis by Ron Tilles.
This is a huge win for women in particular.
The bank pushed customers into its own expensive funds when cheaper options were available.
TRENTON, N.J. (AP) \u2014 The pharmaceutical executive reviled for price-gouging resigned Friday as head of the drugmaker Turing
It's not about the money, folks.
Everyone knows we need to change how people get benefits in America. But no one is really sure how.
The e-payment company is the latest tech giant to enhance its benefit programs for U.S. employees.
A boyish drug company entrepreneur, who rocketed to infamy by jacking up the price of a life-saving pill from $13.50 to $750
A top advisor to big investors says the U.S. needs to tax carbon emissions.
Broader unemployment is high, and inflation is low. So why is the Fed moving now?
Banks appear to be among the biggest beneficiaries of the Federal Reserve's decision to increase the cost to borrow.
Women earn 77 cents for every dollar a guy makes at these new companies.
The Nation magazine, to be clear. The U.S. still offers no paid leave to parents.
WHEN GAIL MCGOVERN WAS PICKED to head the American Red Cross in 2008, the organization was reeling. Her predecessor had been
One of his companies is trying to upend the auto industry. Another of his companies is trying to put people on Mars. Yet
The health insurance provider Aetna wants you to know the difference a good night's rest makes.
Day jobs provide more than the much-needed financial security to create freely. They also add structure to your day that can make your creative time a wonderful release. The list of successful, creative minds who kept their day jobs is a long one.
Knowing your strengths and motivations will help you better create career options that are a true fit for your skills, will allow you to better position yourself in interviews (sell before you buy), and will help you thoroughly assess and effectively mitigate risks.

Why you should ditch your unaffordable apartment and move to Des Moines.
Companies need to have rules--that's a given--but they don't have to be shortsighted and lazy attempts at creating order. If companies can rethink their policies and remove or alter those that are unnecessary or demoralizing, we'll all have a more enjoyable and productive time at work.
Don't set resolutions. Get clear on your values. Set dreams. Follow them and never give up. Fail once. Fail again. Fail some more. It's scary. But extraordinary is called extraordinary because it's a life outside of the ordinary. It requires going that \extra\ mile that most people don't bother taking because of reasons I won't go into here.
Lumoid CEO Aarthi Ramamurthy discusses the company's try-before-you-buy service. She speaks on \Bloomberg \u2039GO\u203a.\
This is a new era of work! Maybe. Possibly? \u00af\\_(\u30c4)_/\u00af
Though not well known in the U.S., he was one of its greatest conservationists.
Chipotle\u2019s going viral for all the wrong reasons -- again.
Bank lobbyists won\u2019t support a rule to help stop brokers from ripping off would-be retirees, but they did hand out free pizza.
Health officials are investigating whether 30 students were affected by E.coli.
The measure is part of an effort to block teenagers and adolescents from getting addicted to tobacco.
$13.9 billion in financing between 2009 and 2014.
Unfortunately, personal reputation often gets in the way of philanthropy.
Hillary Clinton attended a protest to support the workers in October.
An AP investigation found that major grocers overwhelmingly avoid building stores in America's food deserts.
The company will use excess heat from an Internet data center.
There are already more guns in America than Americans.
But there\u2019s a problem with all those scenarios
This post argues two basic points.  First, and contrary to conventional \digital eco-system\ thinking, both traditional and new media are useful at each stage.   And, second, the decision making process -- and media needed to stimulate behavior change -- depends on category type.

Those interested in insider trading should pay close attention to trading in non-securities. Especially in recent years, some of the most important enforcement events have far from public equity exchanges.
With a reputation for providing practical and actionable networking guidance, Kelly empowers with frameworks to take opportunities to the next level of growth. \Stop committing random acts of networking\ is her frequent (and favorite) advice.
Before your holiday to-do list gets too overwhelming, take the time to review your investments -- both winners and losers -- to see if balancing capital gains and losses could lower your tax bill. It's not a difficult process, but it does take some careful calculations.
The economy added 211,000 jobs in November.
Those promises likely won't cost them their billions of dollars in lending business.
It was not a \protest against Obamacare,\ the restaurant's co-owner said. But guests weren't happy about it.
The fate of troubled Internet portal Yahoo Inc. may be decided in a marathon series of board meetings this week.
The H-2 guest worker program, which brought in 150,000 legal foreign workers last year, isn\u2019t supposed to deprive any American of a job.
Bringing up its financial ties to the school was a bad move, experts say.
Low-income workers with odd hours don't get enough help with childcare.
Prime Air drones can carry packages weighing up to 5 pounds.
The chief executives of Apple, Walmart, Amazon and Coca-Cola get called out.
Shopping online means we rarely encounter any of the workers who make it possible.
Credit Suisse offers 20 weeks of paid leave, citing competition from technology companies.
It'll be available to employees regardless of gender or location.
The trick to advancing your career and getting paid more is to add value by making certain your contributions are worth more than you're paid. You want to go above and beyond so that you're seen as someone highly valuable--someone the organization can't live without.
Homeowners sell their homes and buy other homes for a variety of reasons including a need to live closer to a place of employment, to be closer to family, to enjoy a better climate, or simply to upgrade. This article is about finding the best sequence of steps in the process.
It's possible to have a flexible economy and also provide workers some minimal level of security. A decent society requires no less.
U.S. e-commerce sales surged on Thanksgiving, raising questions about how many shoppers will show up for brick-and-mortar
Videos of the brawls that broke out in local stores this year.
A labor union schism has given Walmart a lot less to worry about on the big day.
The company is closing its retail stores for the day.
Crowds were thin at U.S. stores and shopping malls in the early hours of Friday, initial spot checks showed, as shoppers

Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade isn't a festive event; it's a prolonged commercial\u00a0that manipulates families into buying products they don't need. t's time Americans really see this event for what it really is, snap out of the shopping spirit and focus on real values.
Nearly a quarter say they or someone in their family will be heading into work on the holiday.
A new study finds that groups funded by the energy industry heavyweights use similar messages.
Simple economics -- not employer benevolence -- may eventually keep stores closed on the holiday.
Walmart considered\u00a0the Organization United for Respect at Walmart, a group that asked for more full-time jobs with higher
Don't forget to check traditional brick and mortar stores for deals too.
Hey, if you're going to spend five days waiting in line...
Shop according to deal rather than according to store.
It will be the biggest deal ever in the healthcare sector.
You've heard that old saying
The answer to the question should be relevant for the role. What not to ask
More Volkswagen, Audi and Porsche owners could face recalls of their cars.
Parents need a real solution to the lack of affordable day care for kids.
Tesla's CEO says hiring self-driving engineers is \a super high priority.\
Since investors led by Martin Shkreli swooped in, the price of KaloBios has skyrocketed.
The program, while commendable, doesn't change the fact that Chevy's business is harmful to the planet.
\It's just not enough to only be 'less bad,' but it is essential to be 'actively good.'\
Not the best endorsement for the Subway diet.
This is a first.
There's one woman for every seven men in the top roles at California's biggest companies.
The tech giant released new research on Tuesday about building productive and cohesive teams.
Nearly half of American workers are women, yet they still face discrimination and inequality in the workplace, especially
The struggling retail chain just bought a group of Italian restaurants. The move isn't all that weird, if you really think about it.
No, we're not \bad negotiators.\
The deal will secure Marriott's position as the world's largest hotelier.
Airbnb asked Paris hosts to offer free housing to those in need, and Facebook enabled its Safety Check tool.
The winning numbers were 17-18-31-35-59. The mega ball number was 9.


Women hold nearly 19 percent of seats on corporate boards. That's considered progress.
But bargain-hunters will rejoice.
After defeating a proposal to clamp down on short-term rentals in San Francisco, the company wants to play nice.
Jeff Bezos has edged past Carlos Slim to become the world\u2019s fourth-richest person, buoyed by a 113 percent rally this year
Women deserve more credit than we give them.
The Where Opportunity Knox initiative is connecting Army veterans to jobs and community life in the greater Louisville, Kentucky, area.
People are asking for a livable wage.
The campaign says workers earning less than $15 per hour are \u201ca voting bloc that can no longer be ignored.\u201d
The Sony hack was a corporate nightmare that reverberated through Hollywood, the U.S. State Department, the American workplace
There is a world in which consumers swiftly punish Volkswagen where it counts \u2014 the coffers \u2014 for its massive, systematic
Houston voters rejected the ballot measure last week.
It just takes a bit of prioritization and time management.
Military families can now earn bachelor's degrees at Arizona State University for free.
Relying on the secrecy of limited liability companies, white-collar thieves are targeting pockets of New York City for fraudulent


FRANKFURT \u2014 Volkswagen is expected to offer cash to the owners of diesel cars this coming week as it steps up an effort to
Salesforce has spent $3 million adjusting salaries so that women and men are paid equally.
Facebook now has 8 billion video views each day, up from 4 billion in April.
Salesforce.com said Tuesday that it made $3 million in adjustments to employee salaries this year to make sure women and
The worker was also reprimanded for discussing wages with his colleagues, which is a federal right.
New animal welfare commitments scrap confinement crates for pregnant pigs and promise cage-free eggs by 2020.
Not your typical start to a new job.
This will be the first time the industry emits fewer than 2 billion metric tons since 1995.
The auto giant admitted to a cheating on a CO2 emissions test, too.
The recent news about an outbreak of food poisoning at Washington state Chipotle restaurants may have you wondering if it's
The multimillion dollar trial started Tuesday.
\Literally having some experience in politics is probably an important criteria,\ Meg Whitman says.
The online retail giant offers paternity leave for the first time.
At least 37 people have been infected by an E. coli outbreak linked to the fast-casual restaurant.
Another day, another merger. Telephone companies, drug companies, drugstores, airlines, hospitals, retail stores and beer. Why?
Perceived as a land of opportunity, the United States has always attracted migrants from around the world who settled together in a nation now commonly referred to as the Great Melting Pot.
Not a victimless crime.
Coffee snobs are worried, but they shouldn't be.
The advice is based on research and results.
The Black Friday creep continues.
It'll take a decade, but it's still good news.
Jerry Stritzke tells HuffPost Live the choice is \central to the brand.\
CEO
The announcement came Thursday as the bank reported a net loss of 6 billion euros.
Uber\u2019s surge pricing doesn\u2019t necessarily increase the availability of rides. It just makes them more expensive.
We got to test out a new game that's supposed to be better at teaching strategy than a professor is. Here's what we found.
Adobe proves that if you give great maternity leave bennies you'll earn women's loyalty. Because, duh.
The Federal Reserve is acting cautiously. If they're concerned, chances are you should be, too.
The retirement savings accumulated by just 100 chief executives are equal to the entire retirement accounts of 41 percent of U.S. families -- or more than 116 million people, a new study finds.
Trying to put the \Government Sachs\ label to rest.
Who's paying for the delivery service? \Down-on-their-luck low-wage workers,\ says the drivers' lawyer.
Domo gives its employees $2,000 to buy maternity clothes for work.
Jeffrey Katzenberg is really grateful for his Tesla Model S.
D'Arcee Neal had to crawl half the length of the plane to reach his wheelchair.
The retailer wants to test drones for its grocery pickup service, which it has recently expanded to 23 markets.
Passenger D'Arcee Neal called the experience \humiliating.\
If you are over 40 or it has been more than three years since your last job hunt, you are probably unaware of how much recruiting and hiring practices have changed recently, particularly with the growth of social media and also with the tough job market we have been experiencing.
Just three months after raising an enormous sum of money from investors, Uber is at it again.
Marketing agencies make it a priority to identify the nation\u2019s regional brand tastes \u2014 why people choose Coca-Cola over Pepsi
Deals that favor rehabilitation over prison can be a big break for defendants, but the government increasingly gives them to companies.
Victoria's Secret, Abercrombie & Fitch, Gap Inc and other retailers already agreed to end the practice.
\Lumber Liquidators' race to profit resulted in the plundering of forests and wildlife habitat that, if continued, could spell the end of the Siberian tiger.\
The blood-testing company says the Journal isn't telling the truth.
Men and women who graduate business school earn roughly the same at first, but over time the pay gap grows -- and grows and grows.
Signs and billboards told public agencies how to spend tax money.
Nevermind the hypocrisy, the man is on to something about work-life balance.
In 2013, an Amazon warehouse temp collapsed on the job and died. This is his story.
After a class-action lawsuit, the company is going to make sure its subs are as long as advertised.
Soon three women will serve on Microsoft's board -- meeting the real threshold for gender diversity.
The full switch won't be complete until 2025, the company says.
This is pretty darn cute.
* VW changed cheat software for new engine types - sources * VW used different defeat devices in Europe, United States * VW
But it's not as bad as people feared.
Oct 19 (Reuters) - United Continental Holdings Inc said late Monday that its general counsel Brett Hart would take over as
Jay Carney offers detailed response to front-page story -- two months later.
Workplace wellness often does not extend to the executives.
If China fails to turbocharge its capacity to innovate, the country will experience a hard economic landing and social stability will be threatened. But can China evolve into an innovation powerhouse? The jury is out.
Omid Kordestani joined Twitter from Google earlier this week. His base salary at Google was $237,500, almost 5 times as much.
\I want my baby back...\
Many franchisees say that the new meal option is losing them money.
Theranos has struggled behind the scenes to turn the excitement over its technology into reality. At the end of 2014, the
U.S. median household income increased in 2014 to $53,657, an increase of roughly $600 from the previous year. Still, U.S
Because your 401(k) really might not be enough, a new report finds.
The company hopes Omid Kordestani can ally concerns over CEO Jack Dorsey running two companies at once.
The startup, founded and run by Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey, will list on the New York Stock Exchange.
AB InBev has been trying for nearly a month to get its hands on SABMiller.
Michael Dell, founder of what once was the leading PC maker, stepped out of the limelight when he took Dell Inc. private
One employee was injured when a journalist reportedly struck him with a Jeep.
A new study says breastfeeding moms don't get the accommodation they need at work -- but there's something they can do about it.
Your flight to Europe could one day be completely powered by rechargeable batteries. Elon Musk is convinced that some of
Back in 1990, as the debate over climate change was heating up, a dissident shareholder petitioned the board of Exxon, one
An interactive map created by media artist Brooke Singer shows the 1,300-plus toxic sites scattered across the U.S.
WASHINGTON \u2014 Federal and California regulators have begun an investigation into a second computer program in Volkswagen\u2019s
The Coastal Commission said it approves SeaWorld San Diego's plans to expand its killer whale tank -- but \with conditions.\
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 Volkswagen plans to withdraw applications seeking U.S. emissions certifications for its 2016 model Jettas
That deal included pay raises, the potential for increased profit sharing and a $3,000 signing bonus.
The apparel giant is giving its workers more flexibility, after a helpful nudge from the New York attorney general.
It's time to set the record straight.
Let's take a depressing walk down memory lane, shall we?
The company helped fund a preschool program that's working for the kids and paying off for the investors.
\How do you prepare for that? How does anybody prepare for that? You can\u2019t.\
Many of the boys in the boys club seem OK with the status quo.
The Gates Foundation steps up and takes its own advice.
The site is axing its $50 membership fee.
BRUSSELS/LUXEMBOURG, Oct 6 (Reuters) - A deal that allows thousands of companies to transfer data from Europe to the United
\I will be very open
\It's a sunny day here. It's the first time I've seen sun in many days.\
Some of the biggest offenders? Apple, GE and Microsoft.
We like this announcement a latte.
Abandon all hope, ye who debit!
The company's stores will continue to operate during restructuring.
These mindfulness tips apply as much to people working minimum-wage jobs as they do to a chief executive.
Lessons from four years of learning about joyful, meaningful work.
It's all so magical!
\It certainly does end up being a lot. I wake up and I'm like, where am I?\
Seven years after the outbreak of the global financial crisis, there are growing indications that the temporary solutions that were imposed through monetary policy by central banks are becoming ineffective. In all likelihood, a new global downturn in economic growth is in the cards.
It seems that the less people really know about marketing the more they think they know. While this is true of many other subjects too, it is particularly true of marketing.
Over 400 violent crimes per 100,000 residents were reported in the United States in 2010. The rate has fallen every year
(Updates with labor market figures) * Nonfarm payrolls increase 142,000 in September * Unemployment rate steady at 5.1 percent
\We can no longer operate at this scale and act as planetary stewards.\
The next 20 minutes could change your life
The deal will value the company around $2 billion, people who have seen the deal documents say.
The answer is almost certainly yes -- but that's not the point.
Diesel cars made by Renault, Nissan, Hyundai, Citroen, Fiat and Volvo among others emitted far more NOx in more rigorous tests, research shows.
About 440,000 people die in the United States each year as a result of a preventable hospital error. Despite the precautions
\We should think of this not as a women's problem, but as a care problem.\
So what's to stop this from happening all over again?
They have a lot of work to do.
Vroom vroom. Tesla's all-electric SUV debuts today.
\That moment seemed like a big surprise to the jury.\
The cars were outfitted with software that let them cheat on U.S. emissions tests.
BERLIN, Sept 28 (Reuters) - German prosecutors launched an investigation on Monday into fraud allegations against former
\This is a very difficult decision,\ the company said in a statement.
\I get that moment when my head clears.\
An exploratory well drilled to 6,800 feet found oil and gas but not in sufficient quantities.
Thanks a lot, technology.
Without government action, they say, private investment won't be enough.
Aside from Gorsky\u2019s deposition, Johnson & Johnson had still not had, or taken, the opportunity to offer its side of the story
Johnson & Johnson was fighting back.
Markets are some of the few remaining places where people of different economic classes still interact.
The United States added 3.2 million jobs in 2014, a greater addition to the workforce than in 2013, when 2.3 million jobs
After the feds hand down a massive fine, J&J's stock price surges.
The American Museum of Tort Law will open on Sunday in Nader's hometown of Winsted, Connecticut.
She wants a high-powered job. Why don't more women share her goal?
A magazine reported that its diesel cars had high emissions levels.
That's \companies,\ plural. Not just Volkswagen.
He led the controversial Risperdal sales unit. Should he have been promoted to CEO?
After struggling to complete a speech, she walked off stage.
In April of 2015, Volkswagen of America, Inc. (VOWG_p.DE) sent letters to California owners of diesel-powered Audis and Volkswagens
This isn't progress.
In January of last year, Adam Goldenberg reached one of the largest-ever deceptive advertising settlements with the Federal
Starbucks, Walmart and others are setting tough new goals for themselves.
\If VW gets its reputation back, it will be clawing up the side of a very high mountain.\
\I don't want to be attached to that person.\
A mother finally discovers what a prescription drug did to her son.
CEO Martin Shkreli didn't say how much he'd cut the cost of Daraprim.
Stewart Parnell is the first modern U.S. food executive imprisoned for poisoning customers.
A junior personal injury lawyer stumbles on the most explosive piece of evidence yet.
As Pope Francis tours the United States, we should take a step back and consider this thought.
Enjoy!
Carmaker plans to set aside $7.3 billion to deal with service costs.
The rumor mill keeps on churning.
With the average student loan bill totaling over $35,000, the offer looks pretty attractive.
Since he had begun taking Risperdal, Austin Pledger was having fewer tantrums. The reports Benita Pledger read from her son\u2019s
\You pay a million dollars in taxes, you get a million votes,\ businessman Tom Perkins proposed.
Some \luxury\ items have gotten cheaper -- but basic needs like health care and education are still expensive.
For nearly a decade, Vicki Starr led a double life.
Recalls can take as long as years, but many automakers offer loaner vehicles while you wait.
A week after promising to crack down on corporate crime, the Obama administration may have gotten its chance with Volkswagen.
There are times throughout a leader's tenure that they must look behind them and see if anyone is following. We've probably all known \leaders\ who were leaders in name only. Losing your influence often does not happen quickly but, rather, happens over a period of time.
One of the biggest challenges for any employee is learning how to work well with a manager. A good working relationship can increase productivity and engagement. When dealing with a difficult boss, understanding personality is key to identifying the best course of action to take.
While many of us have aspirations we want to reach, few of us actually get to the final destination.\nThe main reason behind this is consistency. The true way to hit our goals is by working on them every damn day.
The state appeals court said the casino's personal appearance standards are allowed.
A new survey finds that the people who hire minimum-wage workers support giving them a raise.
Arlan Hamilton is investing in the brilliant startups traditional backers overlook.
In July, the Fed chair sparked controversy by suggesting the central bank couldn't address high rates of African-American unemployment.
The move is part of Altice's aggressive expansion in the U.S. market.
In 1961, newspapers around the world ran stories (accompanied by horrific images) of deformed babies whose mothers had taken
Important parts of the economy appeared to be totally stuck in neutral last year.
Hewlett-Packard plans to lay off the equivalent of three Facebooks.
It's all part of a plan to reduce traffic deaths and reduce congestion and emissions.
To raise rates now would be an unfortunate signal from the Fed that the current job market is as good as it gets.
Former technician Katherine Moussouris was told supervisors did not like her \manner or style.\
The rags-to-riches sandwich magnate turned a small sub shop into the world's largest fast-food empire.
Travis Kalanick wants to see a day when every car in the city is an Uber.
Because your office doesn't have to suck the life out of you.
This is just the latest huge culling.
UAW officials could direct members to stop work at any time if talks hit an impasse.
It has a lot to do with choice of major. Oh, and sexism.
FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) \u2014 BMW\u00a0CEO Harald Krueger collapsed Tuesday during a news conference at the Frankfurt Auto Show and
It's starting to look less like Google and more like its own company.
The video game company's previous president, Satoru Iwata, died in July.
Symphony Communications Services will retain a copy of banks' chat messages for seven years.
The company says it regrets that the complaint was not properly handled.
The secret to effectiveness is being right, right? Wrong. The secret to effectiveness is being right together.
Productive inquiry is a way to learn about your colleague's reasoning. It helps him express what he's thinking, but more importantly, it allows him to share why he's thinking what he's thinking, and what he would like to do about it.
No matter how skillfully you express your view, if your counterpart disagrees he may oppose it immediately. This can start a conflict in which both of you harden your positions. At best, this will detract from mutual learning; at worst, it will produce a stalemate.
In all fairness, if you feel you can't breathe when cold calling and your mind gets numb, you are one of us. The regular people. Folks who are normal. With that now made clear, you can take a deep breath and relax.
Giving negative feedback to a valuable team member is one of the conversations managers most dread.
It is precisely when listening is most important, that you want to listen the least.
The effects appear to linger even after the economy is back on its feet.
\Is that how we should be treating each other?\
And, hey, maybe you'll get distracted by some healthy food along the way.
The long debate over the Affordable Care Act (ACA) has, if nothing else, put the spotlight on the poor state of the country\u2019s
A new survey shows that it's on their minds.
The settlement includes an $825,000 fund to boost homeownership in the neglected areas.
Human rights campaigners say the bank's response borders on \complete apathy.\
The stock was down nearly 2 percent.
CEO Travis Kalanick has bad history with taxis.
A government-controlled industry group targeted popular food bloggers, major publications and a celebrity chef as part of
\u201cCompanies are going to start offering this just because their competitors are doing it and their workers will expect it.\u201d
Where is the leadership? Is it tainted or toppled by hubris, narcissism, megalomania or some other tragic human frailty?
Leadership still is viewed as central to an organization's success because it is what motivates and inspires the rest of the team to be accountable and productive.
Angela Lee is an educator and entrepreneur who inspires in both the classroom and the investment arena.  As Assistant Dean at Columbia Business School, Angela is a highly rated instructor of leadership and innovation.
It's a very choppy market and we've gone mainly to cash, but that doesn't mean we won't be agreeing to take other people's money in exchange for our promise to buy their stock if it gets 20% cheaper than it is now.
Be honest
Instead of picnicking, Steelworkers in six states will spend this Labor Day picketing the gates of a dozen Allegheny Technologies Inc. (ATI) specialty mills. These 2,200 Steelworkers are not on strike. They never even took a strike vote to threaten a walkout. ATI locked them out of their jobs.
This article summarizes the dysfunctional features of the existing non-kosher market, and describes the major features of the kosher version.
The stand-out national problem we have today is that in recent decades, profit sharing examples in industry have declined and fallen out of media attention. Profit sharing was commonplace in the first half of the 20th century, but several decades of strong post-World War II growth persuaded many American managers that regular wage and benefit increases could effectively share the wealth with the workforces.


He had a nice year off.
Some occupations are better positioned to capitalize on economic, demographic, and workplace trends than others. From 2005
The unemployment rate just hit a 7-year low.
... Well, it's been a while.
Arby's apologized and promised free combo meals to Miami-area police.
Could this be the key to making health care more like every other service?
This is the new, official taxi cab of NYC.
The U.S. presidential election is by far the most expensive political race in the world, especially when compared with countries
(Reuters) - Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc's new GMO-free menu claims have lured diners and boosted the burrito chain's stock
Subway sticks to its claims in a tightly worded way.

Union leaders see the potential impact of the ruling as being a \game changer.\
Misleading pharmaceutical marketing can be far more insidious than Kim Kardashian's recent social media flub with Diclegis, and it is with these more serious transgressions that the FDA must keep a careful eye.
She says the company directed her to a global marketing exec, who didn't want to hear about it.
The company wants to increase the number of women and minorities on its tech and leadership teams.
Some analysts argue that low interest rates leave the central bank ill-prepared for the next recession.
Countering global warming is not just a moral imperative. It also makes good business sense.
If the percentage of young adults who are living at home with their parents is still so high, how can the number of new households be growing?
The graphic video has prompted McDonald's to cut ties with one of its chicken suppliers. A criminal investigation has also been launched.
NEW YORK, Aug 27 (Reuters) - Wall Street rallied in a volatile session on Thursday, fueled by optimism after strong U.S. economic
They're calling climate change \one of America\u2019s greatest economic opportunities of the 21st century.\
Walmart says it will stop selling AR-15s and other sporting rifles, a spokesman confirmed to The Huffington Post on Wednesday
Dow surges more than 600 points, biggest daily point gain since 2008; S&P 500 rises 3.9%, biggest rally since 2011.
The downsides of not being in the old boys' club.
The changes will make it easier for employees to plan their lives outside of work.
Pay increases hit a new record, but there's a huge catch, a new study shows.
If history is any indication, sales are going to skyrocket soon.
NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 The latest on the global financial market turmoil (all times local)
The company is replenishing the water it used to make ... water.
As the economy improves, a good burrito maker is increasingly hard to find.
U.S.\u00a0stocks\u00a0slumped again Monday, with the Dow Jones industrial average plunging more than 1,000 points at one point in a
The company says it has no record of \an alleged complaint.\
The crescendo of complex, interconnected social, political, economic, financial, and ecological crises now upon us may be the direct result of our hyper-competitive, \winners and losers\ driven narrative.
The steep selloff that pushed down the benchmark Standard & Poor's 500 index five percent over three days may say more about the outlook for emerging markets than U.S. companies.
The company is testing out four-day workweeks in Japan.
The high-tech highways just might change the game for EV road trips.
\I hope I'm inspiring other people to not just sit down and take what's coming to you, but actually go after what you want.\
\u201cThe attorneys are unavailable because there are so many people calling right now.\u201d
Today, we're featuring Tina Cheng from Cherubic Ventures. Tina had worked in Silicon Valley tech giants Yahoo and CISCO before deciding to return to her home country Taiwan to become an entrepreneur.
SEATTLE \u2014 On Monday mornings, fresh recruits line up for an orientation intended to catapult them into Amazon\u2019s singular
Easy for us, as advisors/\thought leaders\/speakers, to say I guess... so in my eyes the true value add opportunity here is working with companies to enable this to happen sooner rather than later.
Marijuana prohibition is entering its 78th year. Colorado\u2019s marijuana law went into effect at the beginning of last year
The U.S. labor market has improved considerably since the depths of the recession in 2009. However, traditional measures
We expect this idea to get extremely pup-ular.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) \u2014 The ceiling of a landmark Minneapolis concert venue partially collapsed during a show late Wednesday
Dear tech companies, you can do this.
Big companies have been doing this for years, and now startups are too.
Or just develop a guilt complex.
Clamming up could make things worse.
Sundar Pichai's humility is the new hotness in the C-suite.
The recent debate between Uber and New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio over whether the ride-for-hire company was exacerbating
Whether it is fuel savings, safer commutes or freed-up time behind the wheel, motorists have many reasons to embrace self
She's taking a hard look at racism.
The interim CEO purchased 31,000 shares Monday.
By Sagarika Jaisinghani and Sweta Singh Aug 10 (Reuters) - Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc said it would buy aerospace
Adobe is the latest company to improve parental benefits.
\This was the scariest 10 minutes of my life.\
The admission adds to a growing list of woes for the company.
In this digital age, marketing is progressing with leaps and bounds. The advent of social networks has further opened up new avenues for marketers to promote their products and increase their reach. Probably, one of the best social networks for advertising right now is Facebook.
Wages barely budged in July's jobs report -- but the Fed still seems poised to raise interest rates.
He could be the full-time CEO of two companies.
\Does seem kinda wrong :)\
Not bad.
The people who cleaned the company\u2019s shared New York City office spaces, home to dozens of small and startup businesses, were
It's now offering 12 paid weeks off for new moms and dads.
Borrowers were unable to see how much they still owed, the suit says.
DVD workers will be left out, the company confirms.
Tesla's Musk has claimed demand for the new energy storage systems has been overwhelming.
Square footage is growing faster now than it did during the housing boom, but the culture of the McMansion may be changing.
Uber, Silicon Valley\u2019s prized amoral unicorn, is presumed to be a financial titan and a sure-thing IPO in the near future
The company just named a second woman to its board.
Consumer agency goes after NDG Enterprise for illegal practices.
He helped America switch from the percolator to the automatic drip coffeemaker.
And it's offering big bonus checks to employees who help.
While touting his hardline on immigration on the campaign trail for the GOP presidential nomination, Trump's companies have been recruiting foreign workers.
Every company in the United States claims to care more about its customers than the competition does. Yet polls show that
\Our public money must not be invested in companies that fundamentally undermine our public safety.\
Treating patients with diabetes, hypertension or obesity may get easier.
Challengers to Silicon Valley include New York, L.A., Boston, Tel Aviv, and London.
Reduce urban sprawl, for one thing.
The site is hoping to take things to the next level.
He says he's focused on simplifying the service.
Millions of vehicles from the automaker are to be recalled.


Another dent in the Fed's reputation for keeping secrets, secret.
The tontine is an investment scheme where each of a group of participants pays a specified sum into a fund and receives a pro rata share of the income generated by the fund, but when a participant dies their share is divided among those remaining. As the number of participants dwindles, those remaining receive increasingly large distributions.
NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 Anthem is buying rival Cigna for $48 billion in a deal that would create the nation's largest health insurer
Ask for what you want.
Don't waste money policing public urinators\u2014invest in public restrooms instead
Refusing to build new housing won\u2019t save the Mission. It\u2019s a strategy that has already failed the city
On the heels of a days-long publicity war, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio has tabled his plan to limit the number of
Grab the popcorn.
Better security could also make it easier for banks to hide information.
Company joins the ranks of several other big-name firms that have similarly overhauled employee review systems in recent years.
The $48.5 billion deal would create the country's largest provider of cable or satellite TV.
On a sizzling June morning in Las Vegas, 10 Zappos.com employees sat in an air-conditioned conference room decorated with
There are only two women CEOs out of 84 major startups. That's apparently progress.
Humility is the new hotness in the C-suite.
Vladislav \Sam\ Samsonov had been collecting tolls at the Gasparilla Island Bridge in Boca Grande for nearly three decades.
Self-driving vehicles now have a neighborhood all their own -- where researchers can study them in new ways.
What if computers did your hiring? Think of the cost savings! Ridiculous? Or is that where we're headed if we forget about humanizing hiring?
Liza Donnelly is a cartoonist and writer with The New Yorker Magazine, where she has been drawing cartoons about culture and politics for over thirty years.
Becoming a highly successful person is not a reactive series of events. There is a purposeful strategy. There is a broader vision or a dream that you must be obsessed with and work towards every day.
Cab companies claim Uber was lying in ads touting its safety.
Shares hit a record high after the tech behemoth trumpeted gains for Youtube.
The former central banker speaks out against austerity.
A startup is about daring market and technology positioning followed by exquisite execution. Since even a bat can position itself, the part of the game one can control becomes all about the execution. Founders agree that design is the key to successful execution, and they proclaim that design contributed more than 70 percent to their success.
Lorrana Scarpioni is the CEO and co-founder of Bliive, the world's largest network of time exchange.
An oil train derailed Thursday in rural northeastern Montana, prompting the evacuation of some homes and leaving at least two of the cars leaking crude.
Personal incomes grew by 0.8% across the nation in 2013. While some metropolitan areas were among the largest contributors
She highlighted a huge market that the company could tap into.
Uber refused to turn over info to California regulators, and now has to pay the price.
Authorities say a freight train was struck from behind by a second train traveling in the same direction in Virginia, causing one locomotive and five empty cars to derail.
\This is not how one rebounds from a three-year recession.\
Uber, which has run into regulatory roadblocks in numerous U.S. cities, has emerged as a polarizing symbol of the sharing economy.
White Castle may have survived in the fast food industry for nearly 100 years, but the nation\u2019s original burger chain was never even supposed to be.
That's bittersweet.
As diversity increases, both at the city and the workplace level, so does productivity.
Nintendo president Satoru Iwata has\u00a0died of bile duct cancer, the video game company\u00a0said in a statement issued on Monday
Every entrepreneur I know is short on resources, including time, money, and skills. The last thing they can afford is to waste any of these, but in my mentoring and coaching activities, I see it happening all too often.
Doug Brown, is Chief Marketing Officer for the IBM Systems Group, part of IBM Systems and Technology, which generates annual revenue of $20 billion.
Few Americans save enough for retirement. Whether due to financial issues or a lack of foresight, a lot of people either don't give much thought to retirement or are unable to save up enough to help them fund their elder years.
As if the $70,000 price tag wasn't enough.
Disney has removed a version of the Confederate flag from the Epcot theme park\u00a0at Walt Disney World in Florida, according
At least with Germany's credit rating, alles ist gut.
And you thought the latest iPhone update was a hassle.

Every company has a website, right? It's almost as common as having a phone number these days. It's the Yellow Pages ad of the 21st century. However, most of these sites are just words and pictures on a page - a glorified brochure.
There's a powerful agenda behind the opposition to the rule proposed by the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL) requiring that advisors to retirement plans be fiduciaries
When you commit to a dream, your life is forced to change. Your growth forces the egg you're in to crack. You've outgrown it. You're ready to fly.
As entrepreneurs, we need energy to pursue opportunities every day. But when you burn the candle at both ends, as many entrepreneurs do, you run the risk of burning out -- both physically and mentally.
With the 2016 Election season underway, the swirl of candidates and campaigns is drawing us into a discussion. Behind the talking points and slogans, what's on display is not just leaders or leadership styles, but underlying worldviews.
Go to college, study hard, get good grades, land a job, and rake in the money. Sounds pretty simple, right? Not so fast.
CEOs contended their corporations are too poor to pay overtime, but on their next quarterly call with shareholders, they'll brag about record profits. In 2013, corporate profits were at their highest level in 85 years. That same year, employee compensation was at its lowest level in 65 years.
Running a business costs money, it's a clear and indisputable reality of being a business owner. As a mom, I am always looking for great ways to save money at home, from ways to save on food, household supplies, clothing, and so much more, it only makes sense that I would apply the same strategies to my business.
Investing five minutes into reading this [pst may end up being your equivalent to investing in Apple in 1980. I recently sat down with Kevin O'Leary, the entrepreneur, investor, journalist, author, and financial commentator best known as Mr. Wonderful.
By now everyone who has regularly paid attention to what might optimistically be called the \American labor movement\ is aware that the Supreme Court now holds in its hands the power to ruinously damage U.S. public sector unions.  Indeed, it holds in its hands the power to eviscerate them, destroy them.
On July 21, 2010, President Obama signed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (hereafter, DF), the most sweeping financial regulatory reform in the United States since the 1930s. Let's have a look at the most noteworthy accomplishments and the biggest failings so far.
Today, let's talk a bit more as to where content marketing is headed, what sort of background a content marketer should have to be able to better understand how it works and some tips to move forward.
All freelancers are looking for ways to save money. Instead of picking up more jobs or working extended weeks to pocket some cash, there may be a simple solution that can help you save each month.
Duffy emphasizes the often overlooked personal side of entrepreneurship, including balancing finances, relationships and your health. I am paraphrasing here, based on his book, ten of the top failures we both see in the early stages of entrepreneurship.
The American public's trust in big banks is nearing all-time lows. An increasing number of investors are tired of receiving zero to negligible\u00a0net returns from their local banks. As a result, a higher percentage of investors are seeking new avenues for efficient and transparent investing.
The Pope's call to action on climate change has generated much press coverage and applause from environmental supporters across the political and economic spectrums. I too am grateful that the leader of 1.2 billion faithful chose to make such a strong argument for action.
Some places are more likely to be a ground for opportunities than others. Big cities have more workplaces and more networking events going on than smaller towns. Golf courses might have more business people than your local caf\u00e9, and so on.

As on-demand labor starts to increase, organizations of all shapes and sizes \u2500 especially large organizations \u2500 are going to have to think differently about the way they service, compete and innovate when thinking about the future of work.
You're going to be successful at some things and you'll fail at others. One of the best things you can do through it all is to own it. People will respect you for that. Why? Because you're willing to show them that you'll own it through both the good and the bad.



500 Startups Mobile Collective Fund Partner Edith Yeung explained 'MO-AARRR', the mobile framework she uses when evaluating mobile app startups, at the Echelon Asia Summit 2015 held last June 23 and 24.
Over the past few weeks, there's been much written about Zappos' recent adoption of Holacracy--with most observers questioning the wisdom of CEO Tony Hsieh's bold move to transform the innovative retailer into a bossless company.
Not much gets past the Internet.\u00a0 Donald Trump is currently embroiled in a steaming pot of controversy after making derogatory
Sheeping is mindlessly following the others when you actually know the right actions and behaviors but don't want to assume responsibility for them.
The bottom line is that the old adage \If it ain't broke, don't fix it\ has no place in business today. There are many factors that come into play in order to ensure a successful business venture
You're in your budding days as an entrepreneur. You wake up and stare at the blank slate of a day that lies before you. When you think about all that you have to do, the blank slate becomes a tangle of items that you don't know how to prioritize.
There are some inspiring tales of self-made men within their midst. So as we celebrate the 239th anniversary of the adoption of the Declaration of Independence on July 4, here's a breakdown of some of their stories.
If you've ever searched for a specific credit card online, you've most likely come across dozens of reviews and breakdowns. The more you delve into the topic, you can begin to see certain consistent trends emerge among the way analysts examine credit cards.
They are doing almost everything right and studying them offers more lessons in how to launch a stellar brand than shelves of marketing theory and brand guides.
I was reminded, while working with a client in her home office recently, why I feel honored to do this work.  During the second day I provide an extended time to actually work without interruption in completing next actions.
I remember how powerful it was when Dr. Lois Frankel came and presented to the Sydney Business Chicks community. Her workshop was jam-packed with tips and advice. I'd love to share some of Dr. Frankel's ideas with you.
Jeffrey DeLage is Chief Operating Officer of Nationwide Debt Direct. They start the process of caring for consumers with the hiring process.
Burn-out is completely normal--but that doesn't make it pleasant. We all experience burn-out at some point.
I have a confession to make. As hard as I have tried to unplug, the last thing I do before I go to sleep is check my phone. The first thing I do when I wake up is -- you guessed it -- check my phone.
I used to look at people like that with a mixture of admiration and annoyance. Then one day I asked myself, what are they doing that is different?

Earlier this month, the Federal Communications Commission hit AT&T with a $100 million fine, accusing the company of throttling speeds for customers who thought they had unlimited data plans.
In some ways, business to business marketing, or B2B marketing, is very similar to selling direct to customers. In other ways, it's incredibly different.
Look to any local high street at the moment and you will see an economy on the rise. After years of high street collapses, financial crises and economic downfalls, local businesses are finally on the up and it's all thanks to one thing in particular.
In a follow up to last year's post, here is a fresh selection of quotes to close out the 2015 festival of creativity. I'm sure I missed other brilliant sound bites, so feel free to add to the list below. These are my personal selections, not those of Ogilvy.
Marketing can be one of those disciplines when tactics and strategies vary greatly based on the industry your business is in. Some businesses prefer traditional media, direct mail and face-to-face personal selling.
How many times have we allowed the demands of our businesses to shut out the needs of our families? Do that enough and we're left lacking meaningful connections and relationships with the most important people in our lives.
No Fourth of July celebration would be complete without the following
Banks in Greece will not open their doors Monday morning. Greece has been moving towards this dramatic final act ever since it was allowed to enter the Eurozone with cooked fiscal accounts in January 2001 -- two years after the euro was launched.
You may assume that a recruiter is just looking to match the minimum needed to get you in the door. While that might happen at sub-par companies, that should not happen at companies with fair, principled compensation.

As a leader, you must harness this incredible power. Not only will giving enrich the lives of those around you, but you'll also be rewarded with a sense of fulfillment, charisma and high-performing employees.
As an entrepreneur, you need to be aware that the notions of work are changing just as fast as the technology for products. It's an opportunity for innovation that cannot be ignored as a success and competitor differentiator.
Primary caretakers who work at Nestle will get 14 weeks of paid leave.
These leaders are attuned to the suffering of the powerless, and seek to repair that damage by treating or attempting to cure diseases that plague the poor, enhancing the viability of local communities or fighting poverty. And the impacts of their work will matter far into the future.
Okay, let me state upfront that I am completely biased when it comes to running a compelling business
Steve Jobs had very limited furniture in his first home. Yet he hung a portrait of the great scientist. Albert Einstein. He studied Albert through and through.
Do you work for a boss or with a leader? Are you a boss or a leader? This is an extremely important question where the answer is probably indicative of the climate in which you work and the success (or lack thereof) of change initiatives.
To be perceived as \responsible,\ a business must be authentic and have values that influence everything it does -- from how it treats employees and uses natural resources to how it operates within the community and down their supply chain.
Choosing an ERP solution for your business will take time. To avoid ending up with an inadequate system that just won't stand up to what you need, be sure to involve stakeholders in the decision-making process.
It can hurt your business, if the money is coming in late, or not coming in at all. The last thing that a business owner wants is for her bills to pile up, while the money floats in slowly or not at all, it is frustrating and can be detrimental to the business.
I'm sure you've heard of the Miranda Warning. Television crime dramas like Law and Order have told us
Once you have the right people in the room, it appears the secret to an effective meeting may lie in creating the right mood. Yes you heard me; it's all about the mood.
Onboarding is a crucible of leadership. Done right, it accelerates progress. Done wrong, there's pain for all involved. This is true for onboarding new people and for onboarding new rounds of funding.
Business sees its role as making money, not advocacy. But that is a false fear. Solving climate change isn't all that controversial anymore, and fixing the problem is directly tied to future corporate profits.
The journey to becoming a successful entrepreneur is never clear. In all honesty, the journey is more of an expedition, where failure, not success is the only guarantee. You must approach entrepreneurship with a few basic assumptions.
Uber is pulling out all the stops.
To foster a good and harmonious work environment that champions collaboration and is free of discord, here are three important things that will improve the way all your team members react to conflicts.
About 20 years ago, our union began giving free Thanksgiving turkeys to its members. Even though neither the Local nor the Fortune 500 company we worked for had ever done such a thing before, I and another executive board member decided the time had come to make history.
As the global financial situation continues to deteriorate - a slowdown in China, loan default by Greece, disarray in the European Union, and weak energy prices - people are becoming increasingly concerned about how they will protect their money in the event of another financial meltdown.
I'm always so surprised when I meet someone, we have a great connection, they tell me they'll be in touch, and then wham -- nothing. It surprises me because the hardest part of networking is actually starting. It's the getting to the event, or organizing the get together.
What if instead of constantly calling on prospects to drum up business, you got prospects to come right to you? Even better, what if they already understood and liked your product or service so well by the time they arrived that they were essentially ready to buy?
Make no mistake -- pitching your startup to investors is tough. You may think your company is the next big thing, but so do a lot of other founders. And just like you, they're keen to get their hands on venture capital.

I've been fighting this thing for 32 years. \Overnight\ success doesn't happen overnight for most people. The media delivers this bad news and perpetuates lies making you believe that you are a failure because you didn't see the same results from your efforts.
The website called it a \symbol of divisiveness and racism.\
I was in northeast Portland over the weekend and decided to stop in at a brewery that Yelp users said not only had good beer but \it's a nonprofit too!\ I assumed they just misinterpreted the brewpub's joke about its inadequate revenue. But no.
Where do you go from launching a business website, to acquiring potential customers? It would clearly be a more popular choice to start an online business if the task was as easy as that.
And donations are pouring in from local businesses.
\u201cAOL and Verizon\u2019s combined assets create an ability for us to blaze a new trail in a newly mobile and connected world.\u201d
In Pixar's newest movie Inside Out we're brought into the mind of an 11-year-old girl, Riley, to meet the five characters depicting her emotions


iBridges, a non-profit organization incubated at the University of California, Berkeley, and powered by leading Iranian-American technology entrepreneurs, investors, and academicians, reached another milestone this month.
When possible, before going to events, learn about who will be in attendance. This way, you can determine if it even makes sense to register. Depending on the size of the event, one competitor shouldn't make a difference.
There are many serious issues raised by the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), but the one that may have the greatest long-term impact is its provisions on drug patents. The explicit purpose is to make patent protection stronger and longer. While these provisions are likely to lead to higher drug prices in the United States, they will have their greatest impact in the developing world. In most developing countries, drugs are far cheaper than in the United States. This is especially the case in India. The country has a world-class generic industry that produces high-quality drugs that typically sell for a small fraction of the price in the United States. The U.S. drug industry desperately wants to eliminate this sort of price gap, which can exceed a ratio of one hundred to one. This should have everyone very worried.
This is an image of a \male parking station\ in a mall in Turkey. A group of men recline on the sofa in various states of tedium while (presumably) their female partners are off merrily flexing their credit cards.
When real people plead guilty to felonies, they go to jail. But big banks aren't people despite what the five Republican appointees to the Supreme Court say.
I suspect that there are really a lot of \grown-up closet freaks\ out there who could be great entrepreneurs. We should really be enticing them to overcome their fears of thinking differently.


There are a few easy ways to improve a typical sales meeting. By following these simple rules that I've found work well over the years, you can help ensure the success of your business meetings -- both the ones you hold with your staff and the ones where you make the actual sales.
Your customers are inundated with messages every day from friends and family, work colleagues, and a slew of marketers trying to cut through the clutter. Bank notifications, news updates, and fitness tracking also land on the mobile phone.
Your loans were made at the height of the housing bubble, and looked like a great deal at the time. By using a HELOC as a \piggyback\ second mortgage, you were not required to make a down payment or to purchase mortgage insurance.
BFFs in the making.
It's too late for Goldman Sachs and the Cardinals get ahead of their brand and reputation issues but it's not too late to your organization to take control of your brand and reputation by crossing the bridge to strategic integration.
Being resourceful in business will allow the female entrepreneur on a budget to thrive despite the financial limitations. With an abundance of tools on the market that allow businesses to be able to run on a budget, money does not have to be the reason that you refuse to chase your dreams.
I'm a big fan of the Irish goodbye. You know, where you slip out the back door before anyone knows you're gone? It's easy, efficient, painless and saves you from long goodbyes and agonizing \don't go's.\
For a long time I was only \half in\ my business. I had a good idea. It was sort of working. But life kept getting in the way. I always had a reason why today wasn't a good day to get really focused and productive.
A day does not pass without my receiving multiple emails announcing webinars, publications, and workshops focused on talent analytics. Talent analytics has become an important area in both consulting firms and corporations.
This month, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) published the article A closer look at reverse mortgage advertisements and consumer risks, which examines its study of advertisements for this product to older homeowners.
From an employer standpoint, having employees ever at the ready sounds like an ideal situation; problems can get resolved with the \send\ of a text or email.
Instead of looking at social advocacy from a \win-win\ standpoint, brands would be much better served to adopt \learn-learn,\ as their social philosophy.
Women are powerful participants in the economy, whether they are consumers, workers or entrepreneurs. The more we empower them, the more we boost communities, economies and countries. Yet the current landscape for women who want to participate in the economy is not exactly empowering.

Changing the way your therapists deliver customer service at your spa through training is no easy task. Game of Thrones shows us that the road to success may be rife with drama but in the end for your customers, brand and team, it will be worth the journey.
The message that employees should hear and pass along is \yes.\  Yes, we want to hear from you.  Yes, your opinion matters. Yes, you are valued. This message should be repeated throughout the organization, not only to employees, but customers as well.
Here are the Top 10 Game Changing Tech Trends that I think deserve special mention. Every business must embrace mobility as a new business model. Mobile transactions, content, offerings, business processes, customer engagement and security will create a more agile mobile enterprise.
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there! Whether you are crawling on the floor with your new baby or walking into the real world with your college graduate, here are a few pointers on how to save some money come tax time.

In its relentless hunt for innovation, Google is a voracious acquirer of innovative companies. In the two years prior to 2014, it outspent its five closest rivals combined on acquisitions. Here, too, it has failed in dramatic ways.
Women make up the majority of college graduates in the US and many other developed countries, accounting for more than 40 percent of the workforce worldwide. Despite these numbers, they comprise only a small fraction of c-suite executives and high-level managerial positions.
Owning a business is both a demanding task and taxing endeavor. It doesn't matter if you're a one-person show or a C-Suite executive
Investors should understand that some in the financial media are little more than shills for the securities industry. They dispense advice that will benefit their advertisers, at your expense. Don't be fooled.
Summer is an excellent time to get out and about and promote your business. The sun is shining, people are enjoying themselves and everyone is more receptive to marketing campaigns. You'd be a fool to miss out at this time of year so here are nine tips to help get you started.
Employees are just as important to a business as the products and services being sold. This is why it's so vital to carry out effective recruitment tactics.
It has been over three years since Kraft spilt into two companies. The grocery group retained the Kraft brand identity -- calling itself Kraft Foods Group and kept the stock symbol KRFT. The snack foods group held a company contest to create a new name.
I still remember sitting right at the back of the Palladium at Crown Casino in Melbourne, Australia for the ICMI Women in Leadership Event hosted by Ann Peacock earlier this year.
Two of my favorite words, work and human, had been joined at the hip, pulling me into its orb, inviting me to see what unexplored online world lay behind the ad.
Last fall in Denver, Kyle, a friend of mine from college named grabbed a Lyft ride. Kyle, looked down at the app on his phone, his driver was a guy named Devin. Like most Lyft rides, the driver/passenger relationship is similar to the airplane friend experience.
I keep my father's bat to remind me of two of my father's most important lessons -- one good, one bad and I'm not sure he intended to teach either one. He certainly wasn't conscious of it if he did.  It doesn't matter, though, I learned them just the same.

There's a common belief that people who don't have jobs somehow just aren't trying hard enough, and this belief is therefore based on the idea that there are enough jobs for everyone. To get a job, all one really needs to do is just go get one. But what's it really like out there?
Glints, a career discovery platform, has gotten a lot of buzz in the last few months because of its three young and entrepreneurial founders Oswald Yeo, Ying Cong Seah and Looi Qin En.
While the dangers of trying to do your own electrical work are more evident, do-it-yourself (DIY) investing also carries risks for those who aren't careful.
Candidate Clinton and other advocates will claim taxing carried interest improves the economy. Unfortunately, it won't. A key principle of taxation is efficiency. Taxing capital differently across sectors and business forms means that taxes are driving business decisions.
The world is peppered with insanely large problems. And while many try to address those problems with conventional remedies, the entrepreneur will reframe the problem.
There is absolutely no doubt that this country faces serious issues of income inequality. But killing a trade deal when it offers at least the hope of a better future for the American economy is not the way to fix those pressing problems.
Isn't it true that often times the best things come in small packages?  So it is true with empires too.  I recently had the opportunity to meet with a powerhouse entrepreneur who has built a massive employment staffing empire by keeping it small.
Don't worry too much about whether people are opportunistic or not. It matters, but not as much as you think. What really matters is to know that only way you can open new possibilities for you is if you keep growing.
America at a trade meeting is like some backwoods buyer walking onto a used car lot full of smarmy salesmen with his checkbook out while loudly shouting, \I'm not leaving here without a car!\
As technology, human mobility, skills gap, resource scarcity and social issues transform the direction of global business, we cannot continue CSR as a \do good\ quotient; we must now pursue and invest in impactful education as untapped possibilities.
\If it works here, it'll work everywhere.\ And that includes putting entrepreneurship in every classroom starting here in Test City, U.S.A. Our hope is to generate more entrepreneurs who will break out of the cycle of poverty and then work to use those resources to help their communities.
Tuna is critical to island economies, where it's an important source of protein and income for locals. And while the health of some tuna stocks has improved, long-term sustainability remains a challenge.
I have written many articles on regulatory prohibitions and mandatory disclosures in the mortgage market, most of it critical, but this is my first look at mandatory counseling. Except for reverse mortgages, it has not been much used until recently.
We caught up with Akshay on what he learned from his Tip'd Off journey, from the day he started it to the day it got acquired. While admittedly, it was a very hard decision for Akshay and his cofounders to sell Tip'd Off. They just couldn't let go of this opportunity of a successful exit, with their investors and employees in mind as well.
Fortunately (and unfortunately) many people that start and run a business often don't know the problems and difficulties they are likely to face. Why do I say fortunately? If they knew about all these problems, they probably would not start the business in the first place.
Now we are about to experience another leap forward -- in the next five years almost every human will be connected by a device to the net. Only those under one may escape being connected, although many of them will no doubt be playing with their parents' devices.
The INDEX
At the end of the day, how much of that time was purely, and truly productive? I've found through my years as a small business owner, that it's not about how much time you put in (how \hard\ you work), it's about the quality of work you're producing.
Though it's likely the younger Murdoch will consult his father, who still owns the majority of the company and will continue as executive chairman, on key decisions, the patriarch's departure from day-to-day management could be good news for proponents of climate change science.
From mobile advertising and mobile wallets to mobile sales mechanisms and reward-based mobile advertising, executives are realizing the current benefits and planning for the future opportunities mobile has in store.
When the chips are down and your business isn't moving inventory, it can be incredibly frustrating and confusing.
Ed Young is the Senior Pastor of Fellowship Church, which is headquartered in Grapevine, Texas but has rapidly expanded across Texas, to Florida, London (UK) and online.
There is still time for Greece to snatch victory from the jaws of a looming defeat. The Summer has arrived and throngs of tourists will descent upon some of the most beautiful islands in the world, providing a much needed lift to the economy.
It was a little past 1:00 a.m, and I sat alone at the dining room table. If only I had listened to my tired body and gone to sleep, I might have saved a friendship and a business partnership.

Buffett said, \A rich person should leave his kids enough to do anything but not enough to do nothing.\ Many of our clients and prospective clients reference this famous quote.
As a member of the National Women's Business Council, I've had the opportunity to engage with hundreds of female entrepreneurs. During our talks, I couldn't help but happen upon an interesting, yet frustrating discovery. 9 out of every 10 women I spoke with would rather stall their growth than ask for capital.
The tax starts in 2018, but many employers are making changes to their health care plans now to avoid the tax in the future.

Some millennials who would be excellent candidates for financial planning services never take advantage because they don't understand what it entails, the benefits of hiring a financial professional or even what type of professional they need.
The Humane Society of the United States issued a report that initially made me a bit skeptical regarding Costco and hens -- so I quizzed Paul Shapiro, VP of Farm Animal Protection at HSUS about their expose of Costco, and here is how it went.
I've spent years as a Techstars mentor to over ten programs. I spend my days fostering invention, and I've created a national practice group representing emerging companies. I have wonderful mentors who are entrepreneurs, and I live, breathe, and write about startups, execution, legacy and impact.
Employers of National Service is a new federal initiative that connects AmeriCorps and Peace Corps alumni with employers from the private, public and nonprofit sectors.
Debbie owned a $12 million/year marketing firm that worked with fortune 500 clients. She had so much opportunity to grow, but because she was totally overwhelmed he left each day feeling drained and disempowered to continue to scale.
Texting behind the wheel can be deadly, but experts think people probably won't stop doing it on their own. So car companies are stepping up to help.
There's a moment on every airplane when you make a decision. It's not a life changing decision, but it's a decision nonetheless. It's the moment when you decide -- Am I going to speak to the person next to me? Or am I going to ignore them?
Marketing utilizing inbound strategies, such as those utilized by digital marketing, has some amazing advantages and there's tons of studies to back it up. Not only can investing in digital marketing create more leads for your business, it can help you scale at a much faster rate by allowing you to automate many of the strategies.
Ask people what they feel is the most important leadership quality and you'll get as many answers as you've asked people. There's so many relevant traits to leadership that it's near impossible to list them.

It's no secret that when employees can take their whole selves to work, performance exceeds far beyond companies relying on the 'tell-sell' and if that doesn't work, then 'yell' approach.
There's something funny about The Cheesecake Factory. It seems no matter what time you go and no matter which location you visit, there's a wait to get in.
The model is simple - you serve the needs of your core customers for free or almost for free. The core customer's activity creates a side-effect that can be harnessed to create value for another set of customers that are willing to pay.
To create an innovative culture and climate, managers need to make sure that all employees know that innovation is a job requirement. It should be woven into the fabric of the business and given a prominent place in job descriptions, procedures and performance evaluations.
Ms. Owades is a serial entrepreneur, CEO and Corporate Director. Two of the companies she founded are subjects of Harvard Business School case studies which are taught around the world.\nBusiness Week hailed Ms. Owades as a \Best Entrepreneur,\ honoring her for \changing the way we buy flowers.\
Most office furniture is as uncomfortable as sitting on a rock. If you're going to spend so much time in the office, wouldn't you want your work environment to be more comfortable?
Will TPP enable the privatizers to declare things like our beloved U.S. Postal Service, schools and roads to be \commercial activity\ that competes with private companies? How about our parks, libraries, public pensions and other public services?
Osterwalder's mission is to help companies innovate with the best tools using sound business models and value propositions. In order to better understand his vision and mission, I asked Osterwalder to provide a high-level overview of business model innovation.
With the Boomer audience in particular, our guiding principle needs to be \Make NO Assumptions!\  Even if you are a Boomer, genuine relationship-based marketing requires that you make no assumptions.
The good people of Dusseldorf, Germany, and specifically the IKB Bank, which specializes in loans to small and medium-size businesses, has kindly endowed Harvard University's engineering school with a gift of $400m.  Strangely, though, the Harvard Engineering School was renamed after hedge-fund manager John A. Paulson, not IKB, and thereby hangs a tale.
I admit I stole this title. Part of being productive is to piggyback on the shoulders of greatness. So I decided to write down what six things I do every day that help me with productivity. They make work for you. Or not. They work for me although I always need to improve.
While simple tools such as spreadsheets may have been enough to get your business rolling in the beginning, it fails in manipulating information that allows small businesses to see the \big picture.\ Implementing a proper BI tool can help small businesses analyze high volumes of data across multiple sources, and more easily identify how they're all connected.

Whether it is on the basketball court or in the venture capital industry's efforts to advance the progress and impact of tech-based entrepreneurs, leaders from Silicon Valley and Cleveland have much to learn from each other.
So why do you build a product? Do you do it for money? Fame? Bragging rights? In the case of Mike McDerment, CEO of FreshBooks, you do it because you see there is a problem with the current convention.
Adam was anxious about a pivotal strategic decision. \Why does my gut tell me that I should go in the opposite direction of what my most trusted Board member advises? This adviser has been a mega-successful, serial entrepreneur and insists on this direction.
Like with anything, there's good and bad. Not all firms do a great job at inspiring and setting their producers up for success. Does yours?
When you're buying a used vehicle, you're taking a chance buying somebody's problems. But having said that, cars are made so much better today than they were a generation ago. Here are three things to do before you purchase a used vehicle.
When someone tells you \good job\, what can you actually do with that? Sure, it's nice to hear, but don't you want to know more information? For instance, what exactly was good? What should you continue doing? What might you need to do differently next time?
Let's be honest -- his business is basically is baby, a younger sibling for you!
Without even knowing you I'd be willing to bet that the New Year's resolutions you made at the beginning of the year didn't materialize. There's no point agonizing over that -- it's what happens to most people.
We can talk about the business case, strategies and talent initiatives and even tying compensation to gender goals, but without a personal connection men will never feel the true need to be committed.
Smart clean energy policies like Colorado's percent renewable energy portfolio standard and the now-expired federal production tax credit for wind have created tens of thousands of jobs, attracted billions in new investment and generated serious economic growth in the state.

In the view of Margaret Heffernan, author of A Bigger Prize
I'm fortunate
Cruel leaders inspire hatred, not love, precisely because they are completely focused on themselves and use others to get what they want. They take what could be a great opportunity to inspire others to be great, and they squander it by being ruthless.
Ten years ago, I had an 'aha' that helped me become happier, and more effective at work. It happened when I was in Chicago to run a seminar. From the moment I came up on stage, I could tell that the attendees didn't want to be there.
While the idea of working for yourself is hotter than ever, the story of the entrepreneurial whiz kid who drops out of college and hits it big is largely a myth.
For the past 8 years, I have been advising entrepreneurs on their growth and funding strategy. I've seen the worst and I've seen the best.
The incentives to act quickly are there, but is hiring a replacement to fulfill that vacant position really the right move? It's hard to see what you need when you're in recovery mode.
Regardless of how fast your company is today, the marketplace expects and rewards being faster and more nimble. Current success proves that correct choices were made yesterday.
One of our greatest concerns today is how technology will alter our lives in the decades to come. Part of the Science & Democracy lecture series at Harvard, Peter Thiel, co-founder of Paypal and Palantir, offered new ways to propel the masses forward during this revolution of information technology.
David Goldberg was a power connector in the best sense of the word. Not just because he moved in some very powerful circles. It's not everybody who has Bono sing at their memorial service, or the top CEOs of all of Silicon Valley drop everything to attend.
Challenges to growth are nothing new. But these challenges are now changing with shifts in culture.
Consistency doesn't count for everything, but it sure counts for a whole lot. With the many land mines out there, ready to derail even the most talented of people, \showing up\ regularly offers undeniable benefits.
Here's what you need to know to look smarter and more hirable.
A manager in one of my leadership workshops recounted the sad story of how one of her team members reacted to the heartfelt speech she had made recognizing his contributions on his last day with the company. Unfortunately, this scenario of \too little to late\ is far from uncommon.
Money, just the mention of it can stir strong emotions. Whether we have little or a lot, we all have a connection to its use and acquisition. There are people who brazenly grab and grasp for all they can and others who vilify its unequal distribution.


On balance management will always have more information about the organization than volunteer board members. As a result, directors must be proactive in seeking information from management and a variety of other sources, even if they must involve employees other than senior management.
The success of the economies of these countries is not only important for their own people, but for the millions of expatriates who work there, sometimes under difficult circumstances, and who annually send $50 billion to their home countries -- making this region the largest source of remittances in the world.

Here are some tips I've shared with hundreds of indepreneurs that have proven useful when they \step out on their own,\ and face the world with nothing behind them, other than what they're offering and their network of family, friends and associates.
Mobile service providers are doing it. Banks are doing it. Just about every company, run by people without marketing brains, is rewarding brand switchers at the expense of their loyal customers. That is what is happening under the guise of attracting new business.
I was recently on an amazing cruise with my wife in the Caribbean. During this time, I was forced to work on\u00a0cruise Wi-Fi as well as internet hotspots. I was able to live the life I wanted while traveling the world... all while marketing my company\u00a0online. It actually grew ten percent while I was gone.


Enlightened, successful organizations understand that people are at the core of their success. Decades of experiments have proven that happy employees are better at creative problem solving, which drives engagement and financial results.
As all great managers know, these three steps alone will not make you an effective leader, but what they will do is help you build a solid foundation on which to build a robust and profitable company.
\This is what I do for a living and a loving,\ I said as I introduced myself as the workshop facilitator.  I paused as if a bird had stopped mid-flight to consider the miracle of its defiance of gravity.  The words had flowed without conscious thought from somewhere deep within me.
When we interpret failure as a lack of success or an inability, we're doing it wrong. Many of the world's most successful people have failed handfuls of times, and they're greater innovators for it, not the opposite.
Big companies typically aren't more nimble than small ones. But there's one area in particular where the behemoths are speedier. It is in reaching the large and growing number of consumers who use digital resources
Four hundred years. And scientists are still at it. Chasing odd questions. Trying things that might not work. Driven by curiosity, not short-term profit. Plenty they can teach us entrepreneurs about innovation.
You've got a blog set up and you're writing furiously, posting every week to get more attention for your brand. Everything you've read tells you that content marketing is both cost-efficient and effective for building a brand reputation and getting more customers, but there's no immediate gauge to tell you whether or not your content is working the way you want it to.
Maybe you have a good idea. Maybe you have a handful of potential partners. Maybe you keep finding yourself daydreaming about the potential of owning your own business. Whatever the case, entrepreneurship is calling you, and you aren't sure whether you should keep plugging away in your safer, more stable lifestyle, or risk it all for a chance at something great.
Email marketing is the process of emailing to a database of customers or potential customers for the purpose of soliciting business, brand awareness or building loyalty and trust.
Venture capital investing has a tendency to be boring. Unless you're a passive investor, it can give you a massive amount of work for a lot of risk with a diminished return. Of course as a passive investor, you merely just invest and sit back.
Time is a limited resource and getting the most out of it is a goal for most people. We all want to make the most of our time, finding more to spend with family, more time to exercise, more time to read, more time to sleep, and more time to dedicate toward our career endeavors.


While the extent of the criminal charges are eye-opening, the fact FIFA has shady areas within their realm should not come as a shock. FIFA's dance partners -- marketers, media and governments -- have plenty of cause to be concerned as the storm clouds hovered for years.
The first cardinal sin of profile pictures is the smirk. Why is this so bad? The smirk is the universal facial expression for contempt, hatred and disdain. So if this is in your profile you are basically telling the world you don't want people to connect with you!
Excellent advice from two ladies continuing massive growth of their now successful business, a business we're sure to see a lot of in the years to come, and proof that anything is possible.
Acing the interview begins with your mindset. The most successful interviewees are not passive outsiders to the process; they are active participants in creating the kind of situation most likely to serve them.
The best examples of things that motivate others over the short-term almost always involve surprise and delight. A million years ago I heard this story from Mike Vance about his boss at the time, Walt Disney.
We seem to be in the midst of an epidemic of product recalls, especially the recall of Takata airbags, which may be the biggest consumer product recall in history. But is it an epidemic? Are we really living in a minefield of killer products?
I was hosting my radio show, Scale Your Business, when the subject of the lifecycle of a successful business came up, and what the predictable needs were at each stage to scale it were.
My name is Mark Wayman, and for the last eleven years I have owned an Executive Recruiting firm focused on gaming and high tech. My model - only represent executives I know personally, or executives that are referred to me through my network.
The baby boomers are coming, and smart investors are checking out real estate investment opportunities. Current estimates are that 10,000 boomers are turning 65 every day.
Just as there are now seemingly infinite education \pedagogies\, the same is happening to business. There is no longer one way to structure enterprise output. And as replicating success gives way to navigating it, what do we really need to be paying attention to as we build the most effective paths forward?
Most central banks do one thing well
Venezuela's bolivar is collapsing. And as night follows day, Venezuela's annual implied inflation rate is soaring. Last week, the annual inflation rate broke through the 500% level. It now stands at 510%.
We have all heard of the customer experience, which is defined as the resulting product when a customer interacts with your brand. We're all familiar with both good and bad customer experiences, and we go through one or the other on a near daily basis.

Established companies do not easily reinvent themselves. History shows us that Innovation is often the strategy of startups - but not only is it important in getting to the top, innovation is necessary in order to stay on top.
As part of the Catholic Speakers Series at the Harvard Business School, Peter Lynch, legendary American businessman and investor, shared his insights, in a conversation moderated by Clarisse Siu, President of the HBS Catholic Student Association, on faith, life and markets.
Amazing new business models are rare ... even in this time of great 'disruption.' Many start-ups position themselves as disrupting because they feel they have to or die. So they reach.
Psychics aren't the only people asked to predict the future. When it comes to succession planning, lawyers ask their business clients to do it all the time. My discussions about succession planning often start out somewhat reminiscent of Alice's chat with the Cheshire Cat in Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland.
Well here's an employee perk you don't see every day.
These lessons learned from Elliott Walden can serve as new strategies to implement, reminders to review, or even turning points for the c-suite. We're all in the business of making money, but we can't make money on our own.

As a reminder, you have  6 months after graduation to set up a loan repayment plan.  Grads, the clock starts now.  This is not the time for procrastination, which can be very costly.  Here are five tips about repaying student loans.
This is an open and shut case. Compare these 3 AT&T statements about broadband coverage in the company's 21-state territory.
To him I may be a dork who doesn't know how to dress, but I am his dad and I count myself very lucky to have a 16 year old son who lets me, hug, love and teach him.
Done right, networking can be the silver bullet for building your profile, gaining new business opportunities and building your career. But what happens when you show up to an event and just can't find ways to engage with others?
Ursula Morgenstern is CEO for Atos UK and Ireland and Global Executive Vice President, Cloud and Enterprise Software. Atos is an international leader in digital services with annual revenues of \u20ac10 billion and 86,000 employees in 66 countries.
Madison Nicole Robinson is a 17-year-old designer best known as the creator of FishFlops\u00ae, a popular line of footwear for kids and young adults. Madison was born on Galveston Island, Texas and spent many days on Galveston beaches with her family.
Every year, around this time, as the United States approaches its national day of commemoration aptly called Memorial Day. I am struck by the nature, the very essence of memory and what it really means, what it can achieve and the flip side -- the deep harm it can catalyze.
When it comes to your business, how do you figure out what your brand will be? Businesses should always know how people would recognize their business by developing a clear brand. Is it really just about your logo? No!
Professor Scott works with multinational companies, NGOs, and governments on programs designed to help women economically. She also curates Power Shift
Here are a few things you can do right from the start that will help you avoid the ax and give you a firm foothold in the workplace. If you're in the position to hire, honing these attributes will also help you spot the same qualities in winners who will come work for you.
Spencer Stuart, an international placement firm, recently asked 500 directors who serve on for-profit boards to name the top factors that would reasonably improve their board experience.  Their answers also resonate in the nonprofit arena.








It is estimated that 80 to 85 percent of the energy consumed in the U.S. is from fossil fuels. One of the main reasons given for continuing to use this energy source is that it is much less expensive than alternatives. The true cost, however, depends on what you include in the calculation, and there are so many costs not figured in the bills we pay for energy.

Attending graduate school can often increase your long-term earning potential, but also leave you with tens of thousands in graduate school loans. The cost of going back to school, however, often intimidates candidates even before starting the application process.

Building a mobile community is the same as building any community... engage, interact, add value and show support for the group and what is important to them.
Eileen and Fabian were the Malaysian representatives for the Global Student Entrepreneurship Awards held last April in Washington D.C. Their business Left and Right Artisan Handcraft connects people, and captures moments through the form of handmade jewelry pieces that can be bought in their physical store in Malaysia.
Dr. Thorp holds a PhD in pharmaceutical chemistry and a Master's degree in chemical engineering. Daria has over 20 years of experience in marketing, sales, business development and management.
Ms. King serves as a mentor for the Boston Product Management Association and is an executive member of the working mothers group in her town. She loves to travel and enjoys rock climbing and yoga.
In her early career, she was an elementary school educator and a television personality, reporting news and weather. A graduate of John Marshall University, her advanced degrees are in Education, and she attended the Harvard Business School Strategic Leadership Forum representing Finance Sector Marketing for IBM.

Now, Upstart acts more as a lender and issues personal loans that can be used by the borrower to pay off outstanding debt, help fund your education or pay of your student loans.
By rebooting your marketing strategy with a fresh infusion of modern thinking and renewed focus on the customer's digital experience, marketers will be well positioned for the long haul.

As the General Manager (GM) of Symantec's Trust Services, Roxane Divol is responsible for the end-to-end optimization and growth of the Trust Services business. This business offers industry leading SSL certificates, code signing, and certificate management offerings.
Heather Gordon Friedland is Vice President of Local and Seller Experience at eBay. She is the shopkeeper responsible for building products that help individuals and businesses sell and connect with buyers in eBay's global marketplace.
Journalist and talk show host Bankole Thompson interviewed me about the Trans-Pacific Partnership (aka Obamatrade), a trade bill being fast-tracked through the U.S. Senate. To listen to our conversation, please click on the audio player here.
In order to succeed in foreign countries a startup needs to know the language and the culture of the country they operate in or they're doomed to failure. This week I'm going to tell you how I failed my way to success in Brazil.
If you cannot properly express your expertise in writing, no one will know how good you are at your job.  And the fact is, whether it is fair or accurate or not, people tend to judge overall intelligence by writing ability.
It's not everyday you meet someone with the luxury of running a multiple 6-figure online business, while being able to explore the world at the same time. This is why I'm excited to be sharing this interview with Natalie Sisson, who is a best-selling author of The Suitcase Entrepreneur -- a title that she calls herself.
Sharene Wood is a pioneer in couture urban fashion. If Jacob the Jeweler is the first stop for hip hop artists to show their arrival, then 5001 FLAVORS is the shop for a custom wardrobe MTV red carpet worthy. I recently sat down with Sharene talk about how she balances it all.
It used to be that bad guys, called bank robbers, robbed banks. Now the banks are robbing us. Authorities just fined five of the world's largest global banks $5.7 billion for rigging benchmark interest rates. This brings the tally of fines assessed seven top banks in Europe and the US to roughly $10 billion.
The largest online delivery site having a system in place so archaic it makes it impossible for its human representatives to choose a different third-party vendor if something goes wrong, is a bit mystifying.
Online ad fraud is costing millions. Every year advertising pounds are wasted because of fraudulent traffic, and if the industry continues on its current course this amount is only set to grow.
After the sub-prime mortgage crisis, it was necessary to find a villain. For the left, it was greedy bankers foisting inappropriate loans on unsophisticated and inexperienced borrowers.

I was in a coffee shop, having breakfast with my daughter, Angela Luhys, on a week when my weight loss had reached the 90 pound mark since November. While sharing this great milestone with Angela, the guy in the booth behind me was trying to sell an annuity.
No baseball player bats 1.000. No salesman closes every sale. No forecaster gets it right every time. The best coaches know that if they inspire and enable others to do their absolute best together, they will win far more than they lose over time.
The last time I spoke to Emily she was on the verge of tears -- she's tired and overwhelmed. If you can relate, try these tricks to fight off burnout at the office.
I know what you are thinking

If you could take a vacation to anywhere in the world, where would you go? This is how Kirt Martin, VP of Design and Marketing for Landscape Forms, starts every conversation. Not surprisingly, nearly everyone answers somewhere outdoors.
While technical debt is an understood problem, it turns out startups also accrue another kind of debt -- one that can kill the company even quicker -- organizational debt. Organizational debt is all the people/culture compromises made to \just get it done\ in the early stages of a startup.
With the student loan refinancing market expanding, there are many lenders willing to refinance and consolidate your student loans. Lenders come in all sizes, from big banks to newly emerged peer-to-peer lenders. Wells Fargo is the most notable of big banks that will consolidate your student loans. Here is a deeper look into a consolidation with Wells Fargo.
We can take a page from the men's playbook and embrace being more masculine instead of complaining about how it's not fair. If men can \woman\ up in the house in growing numbers, then women can certainly \man\ up in the workplace at a faster pace. We would love to see women win this race to the finish line that is true \balance.\
Pressure does different things to different people -- for some, it helps them to focus and perform, while others simply fall apart.
When the Wall Street bubble burst in 2008 because of excessive risk-taking, millions of working Americans lost their jobs, health insurance, savings, and homes. But The Street is back to many of its old tricks. And its lobbyists are busily rolling back the Dodd-Frank Act, intended to prevent another crash.
If you look at the Secret timeline, it's demise started last August, 2014. This inverted hockey stick trajectory came just days after it raised $25m in July. An investor's nightmare, no doubt.
Why was the economics profession caught unaware by the financial crisis of 2008?  Why did their models fail to predict a recession that very nearly became a worldwide depression?
At the heart of the patient-centered care movement is dignity and respect -- for a patient to feel heard, safe, and informed. We can't do it with pillow mints alone.
Marketing is an essential part of doing business. Unless you increase your brand's visibility and raise customer awareness, you'll never gain enough momentum to build a recurring stream of revenue. But in order to be successful in marketing, you need to yield a positive ROI, and all too often these seven fatal mistakes get in the way
Jeffrey Hayzlett is the host of Executive Perspectives and the C-Suite with Jeffrey Hayzlett on C-Suite TV where he uncovers the secrets that entrepreneurs and C-Suite executives use to build their own empires.
We check our phones many, many times per day, whether it be to look at the time or a text message. Keep your attention fully on the person you're talking to by resisting the urge to check your phone.
That should have been the headline rather than
There are five parts of communication -- what's said, what's not said, words, tone of voice, and body language. Active listening is the process of fully attending to all parts of someone's communication.
One of the struggles of running a business is the need to make decisions around your time. I made a bad decision the other day -- although I don't know how it could have turned out differently.
A German national, Doris Greif was appointed Regional Vice President Europe as well as General Manager of Jumeirah Frankfurt in October 2014. Previously General Manager of Jumeirah at Etihad Towers in Abu Dhabi, Grief has extensive experience working in the hospitality sector.
Katie Shattuck Markov is co-founder and CEO of MoveMeFit, which aims to transform your fitness experience by optimizing workouts for you. Prior to starting MoveMeFit, Katie worked in product management at SCIenergy, an energy efficiency Software-as-a-Service solution for building systems.
As an Executive Creative Director at BBH, Laura Fegley has helped build a uniquely gender-balanced creative department. Laura oversees the Global Vaseline business and various brands under the Newell-Rubbermaid account, including Graco and Calphalon, as well as The Guardian in North America.
Nonprofits board interests vary widely. Because many directors are not deeply knowledgeable about the mission field, the management and staff take responsibility for the plan's development and implementation.

While there are those who care about editorial issues and what will happen to Huff Po, Techcrunch and Engadget if Verizon takes over, as a telecom analyst, I have different concerns.
It is an unfortunate coincidence that this year's graduates must experience both elation and trepidation. While they rightfully deserve to bask in their academic accomplishments and celebrate, these young men and women must also confront one of our biggest fears as they prepare to interview for jobs or graduate school.
As senior vice president of customer experience, Catherine Courage is responsible for championing exceptional design to drive innovation at Citrix. Her team is responsible for company-wide brand, advertising, social, web, product design, information experience, and business process reinvention.
After a short teaching career, Judy Walker worked for Windows on the World and the World Trade Center Restaurants in New York City, where she eventually was promoted to Assistant Director of Sales & Marketing.
Mollie Spilman is Chief Revenue Office at Criteo, which she joined in 2014, and leads all commercial operations globally. She has spent 24 years in the media business, with 16 of those years in the digital ad space.
Today, Eileen Fisher, Inc. employs over 1,100 people, has over 60 retail stores, and will likely generate over $300 million dollars in revenue in 2015. Between then and now, despite her success, Fisher never lost her \I don't know\ approach.
With the advances in technology over the past decade, the opportunity to attract and keep young talent has been more competitive than ever.
It's been over a year and a half since I joined HopeLab, and I'm still wistfully thinking about my onboarding experience. Who does that? Well, apparently I do. It's one of my idiosyncrasies, but we'll get to those in a moment.
Foreign cultures can often seem impenetrable, particularly in Asia. As an American who has frequently traveled to the East, I find that not to be be true. Particularly, in Hong Kong.
The for-profit behemoth Corinthian Colleges is experiencing a spectacular fall. A $30 million fine by the Department of Education for falsifying placement data, numerous on-going state probes, a massive sell-off of schools and an abrupt bankruptcy filing that left some 16,000 students in the lurch.
If there are two things that we don't have in abundance but we wish we did, they would be time and money. Naturally, if people have been using them in conjunction with each other for so long, there must be a reason why. So what is it that so intimately connects these two things?
Hong Kong may be small, but it has big ambitions to serve as a gateway to Asia, home to some of the most vibrant economies in the globe. Fortunately, Hong Kong also holds great potential
Dissatisfaction, unchecked, is contagious. Like watered weeds, it grows until it overtakes a marriage, a workplace, or an organization. Perspective paves the way for gratitude, negotiation, and ultimately happiness.
This workplace gender policing is hurting everyone -- men, women, children and the businesses themselves.  Across the country, men are joining with women to rise up against the backward policies, laws and stigmas that are damaging us and preventing us from achieving gender equality.
Corporate social responsibility (CSR), corporate citizenship, philanthropy, engagement, shared value - regardless of the name you use, this aspect of doing business is here to stay.   And like all core business attributes, communicating about it effectively is critical.
We were helping our client Sandra spring clean her meeting calendar last week paying particular attention to her recurring meetings -- those time sucking (and often soul sucking) meetings that once calendared, never seem to go away.
At their core, Boards of Directors make strategic decisions and provide oversight, while Management makes recommendations and manages implementation. The best do these together, complementing and supporting the other's roles and strengths. So easy to say.
We all recognize the need for courage to start a business, play competitive sports, incur risks in investments, lead a diverse team in competitive markets, or take on an outback adventure. But do we really need courage to have a conversation?
SMEs are often seen as sitting in a slightly isolationist position within the general business environment.
It has been two years since billionaire Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett launched his Twitter account with, \Warren is in the house.\ In just six total tweets and with more than one million followers, the Oracle of Omaha demonstrates the importance of personal branding and traditional media relations.
We are often asked what sources of VoC insights should be used to improve the company's customer experience. And often, these insights are right in front of you--from your own customers and employees.

As one CEO recently asked me

It is already conventional to name the former party leaders Ed Miliband, Nick Clegg and Nigel Farage as the biggest losers of the British general election. But this is to understate the abject defeat suffered by some Keynesian economists, and in particular the Nobel prize winning former Princeton professor Paul Krugman.
I once worked in a Fortune 500 paper mill that manufactured toilet paper. The mill produced tons of it. Literally tons of it per day, 24/7, 360 days a year. The only \down days\ were  Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, Labor Day, the day after Labor Day, and the Fourth of July. Civilians were surprisingly curious about the operation. Here are the answers to five common questions.
Today I want to write about who I believe is beyond a shadow of a doubt, the greatest (ordinary) retail trader who ever lived. Now by ordinary, what I am talking about is an individual who did not go on to create an Investment Fund as a result of his initial institutional trading.
I was researching about student startup incubators when I came across Posmetrics Founder and CEO Merrill Lutsky while browsing through the list of student partners at Rough Draft Ventures, an investment fund that invests in student startups in the Boston area.
Passion and creativity were the driving forces that brought Stephanie Wynne Lalin and Jenny Klatt together to launch Jemma Wynne in 2008.  Guided by their uniquely sophisticated and chic sensibility, the design duo combines classic polish with relaxed femininity to create their fine jewelry collection.
Asha Dahya is a host and content creator. She was born in the UK, raised in Australia where she studied a BA with a double major in Film & Journalism, is Indian by ethnicity, and now resides in Los Angeles.
With Mother's Day in mind, here are three generations of women -- grandmother, mother, daughter --  who have all worked in radio over the last century.
Reputation matters in the nonprofit world. Few nonprofit boards exist today that don't worry about how they are perceived in the communities or associations they serve. And to make sure their images remain pristine, many turn to crisis consultants and other forms of expert assistance.
If you have been tending to your career lovingly for many years, you will be able to visit your career map in light of this new discovery, decide what on the map still resonates with you and what doesn't (even massive changes will carry some elements of your \old life\ into the new), and chart a new course.
Top talent -- at all levels -- remains the scarcest resource in corporate America. Over the next 10 years, we will see leaders invest far more thought and effort into developing their human capital.
Successful managers have the maturity to recognize that good employees may do things that look bad to others, but they may do them for important reasons. Here is why a manager might decide to give a raise to a \bad\ employee.
As National Small Business Week draws to a close, there is no time like the present to reflect on the advice I've collected, from life experiences and an incredibly supportive mentor base, in my years as the founder and president of a digital marketing agency.
\u201cI realized there had to be something more. This emptiness and lack of fulfillment I was feeling -- there had to be something more.\u201d
Without a doubt there's an abundance of entrepreneurial advice published about how to start a business, how to rapidly scale it and of course, how to exit it successfully . . . but there's almost no advice for those who've been there, done it and exited.
The call center industry has not adapted quickly enough to a profound change in consumers over the past several years. Today's consumers are spoiled by breathtakingly simple user experiences on their mobile devices.
On Monday night we celebrated HuffPost's 10-year anniversary with a party at the Gramercy Park Hotel in New York City. And since HuffPost and Goldman Sachs have partnered for nearly three years to spotlight solutions around the world, we had a conversation about what we've learned and what's in store for the next 10 years. Here is a lightly edited transcription of our conversation.
In the next 10 years, the middle class's share of the total economic pie will continue to shrink, while the share going to the very top will continue to grow. But the current trend is not preordained to last, and only the most rigid technological determinist would assume this to be our inevitable fate.
You're determined. So what? You haven't been racing naked through shark-infested waters yet.
Since I agree with the vast majority of what Bernstein has to say, let me pick on three areas where I have some disagreement. The first is the discussion of the initial financial crisis that Bernstein stepped into at the start of 2009 as one of Obama's advisers.
One interesting, and counter-intuitive, way to get what you want is the Door-In-The-Face (DITF) technique. The idea is to intentionally get rejected, then retreat, and ask for something smaller.
We should demand balance. Trade partners should agree to actually \trade\ with us, not just sell to us. We should also balance the interests of working people, the environment and other stakeholders with the interests of businesses in our trade negotiations.
It is not at all clear that Shell will, in fact, move forward with drilling, even if it can obtain a city permit in time. It still needs to receive the necessary approvals from the U.S. Department of Interior for its drilling plans in the Chukchi Sea.
Programmatic television is the future of advertising. By purchasing TV inventory programmatically, brands can pair the full-screen sight, sound and motion experience of television with the advanced audience segmentation that has for years made online advertising so attractive.
Over the last decade, in unprecedented terms, the dramatic escalation and expansion of risk has complicated the global business environment. Both the speed of this transformation and the new categories of risk that have emerged threaten the durability of most global companies as well as their license to operate.
Being an Out-Of-The-Box woman myself for as long as I can remember (which is a kinder, gentler, more modern way of calling someone the Black Sheep of the Family), I love it when I find people accomplishing the ordinary by extraordinary means.
I can say from experience that starting a new business can be as terrifying as it is exciting. This is because, at any given time, a young company can find itself facing a number of obstacles.

Social anthropologist Janine Wedel, author, most lately, of Unaccountable

My daughter is about to graduate from college and was fortunate enough to receive a job offer from a great company. While I'm thrilled for her, I'm simultaneously terrified -- this gives me only a few short weeks to eradicate what we're calling, around my house, a bad case of College Mouth.
Walt Disney knew the power of vision. He created Walt Disney World in his mind and then led others to imagine and support his idea for a revolutionary theme-park experience. This is the essence of visionary thought leadership and the heart of what it takes to create a dream in this world.
With the demand for Computer Science (CS) graduates rising, a lot of CS students have a choice, whether to work for a big and established tech company or take the plunge in a startup or build your own startup.
If you want to achieve more in your life, business, and relationships, and set a vision for your life that gets you ecstatic to wake up each morning - meet Jairek Robbins.
By focusing on what matters to you, you benefit and connect with others, who then feed that energy back to you. A virtuous cycle. THAT is how you profit from your passion.



The absence of a strategic planning process endangers a nonprofit's future growth and stability. Making that process a priority in nonprofit board operations involves selecting and training board members to appreciate its importance to the ongoing success of the organization.
Dealing with these trends and issues requires forward thinking by investors, power companies, legislatures and regulators. That is difficult because we do not have a consensus national energy plan to provide reasonable certainty about which investments will pay off.
The bottom line
We spoke with Michael Kassan, CEO of the powerhouse media consultancy MediaLink, at the Monday morning kick-off event for the Digital Content NewFronts, hosted by MediaLink and sponsored by Videology.
Basically, everyone still loves Apple, Amazon and Costco. The report also backs up the trend of people abandoning their cable television provider (many of which had ratings) in favor of online video service Netflix, which had the second highest raise in an NPS score after BlackBerry.
At its NewFront event on Tuesday, AOL and NBCUniversal  announced a content development and distribution arrangement.  For an overview on the arrangement, we interviewed  Bob Lord, President of AOL Inc.

Stacy Simpson is the Chief Communications Officer for SapientNitro, part of Publicis Sapient. In this capacity, she oversees global communications, strategic and brand marketing strategies for SapientNitro, as well as the global corporate communications strategy for Sapient.
An interview with Marilyn Johnson, CEO of the International Women's Forum.
Dr. Lee has more than ten years of experience as a senior analyst covering Biotechnology, with expertise in fundamental research and pipeline assessments across therapeutic areas. She holds a Ph.D. in Genetics and conducted her research at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory through Stony Brook University and holds a B.A. in Molecular and Cell Biology with a double-major in Rhetoric from U.C. Berkeley.
Kitchens by Alexandra Knight opened their showroom in the New York Design Center in midtown Manhattan.  Head Designer, Alexi Knight, was literally born to work in the Kitchen & Bath Industry. Her parents, brother, cousin and uncle have all owned high-end, custom cabinet showrooms. Growing up in this professional environment equipped Alexi with the \tools-of-the-trade\ necessary for entering the high-fashion world of Kitchens.
But it is ALEC that should cease operations and everyone reading this must ask -- why is the Department of Justice (DOJ) not investigating ALEC and its corporate communications members and funders -- AT&T, Verizon, Centurylink, Comcast & Time Warner Cable?
Stale networks happen when people stay employed in one industry and haven't been in touch with contacts from their prior industry.

Everywhere you look these days everyone's talking branding. It's in every magazine, it's everywhere you look online. It's taught in a zillion online webinars, seminars and programs, addressed in numerous boardrooms and spoken about in deep reverential tones over business luncheons and after work cocktails.
What motivates us?  What are the key drivers to motivating others?  There are so many that resonate -- to deliver a message, to make a difference, to make an impact, to foster change, to create something new.
Some can't relax unless they know there are no fires burning at work, so they check email surreptitiously while their travel companions are planning the day's excursion. Not me, not anymore.
If you're a recent MBA grad and realizing your present role isn't all it was cracked up to be, you're not alone. The good news is that you have quite a few resources to help you change course.
Stereotypical salespeople are always selling. They're aggressive; they never take no for an answer; they are always supposed to be closing. But your best salespeople know when to stop selling.

If asked, most executives will say that clear, compelling communication is essential to the success of their enterprise. The reality is that this is an area where so many organizations fall short.
Today's women have little in common with the figure of the typical housewife who dominated the 80s. Yet, marketers seem to be struggling to adapt their discourse to these changes and translate this evolution into relevant and engaging communication that really speaks to women.
How can I outsmart everyone else? The answer lies in being able to present a profile of yourself as a candidate who 'checks all of the boxes' off your prospective employer's candidate wish list.  So, where do you find this wish list? It's right in the job description.
This evening, Elon Musk announces details of Tesla's new products
B Corps are a new type of company that uses the power of business to solve social and environmental problems. They have passed a rigorous assessment using criteria including governance, workers, community and environment.
Stephen Curry, like Google and Harvard, provide great examples on the significance of a wow-factor for budding entrepreneurs. As evidenced, a wow-factor enables a start-up to gain momentum and traction.
Everything communicates -- everything a new leader says and does and doesn't say and doesn't do. Most new leaders get that. But many miss the unintended consequences of what they do and say and don't do and don't say on people they think are not directly affected.
Recent trends have shown that Americans, particularly millennials, are weary of using credit cards. The problem largely stems from the way credit cards are viewed today. They are typically perceived as a \last resort\ for consumers who can't afford to pay for their purchases.
New Yorkers are fighting for higher wages, with increasing intensity over the past several months. In early April, between 10,000 and 15,000 laborers and students marched on New York. The genesis of the protest seems to be from the fast food industry as well as activist students.
I want to write today about the one topic that perhaps interests me above all others... billionaires. The reason that this topic interests me above all others is that I find it fascinating how these people got to where they are.
When social media first emerged marketers raced to be the first to master the new channel. We piled on in droves looking for ways to monetize and optimize before knowing exactly what social media really was. In the years since, marketers have learned that social is really just another way to communicate with your customers and prospects.
To plan amazing training sessions that yield significant impact, you will need to understand the work your teams are doing in theory and in practice, and create an appropriate array of courses covering what is required, desired and inspired.
Achieving success can be a lonely journey, driven by many personal sacrifices, and an unrelenting quest toward the pursuit of a dream.
President Obama must be having trouble getting the votes for fast-track authority since the administration is now pulling out all the stops to push the deal. Obama insisted the deal is not secret, but googling \TPP\ will not get you a copy of the text.
To help businesses understand and adapt to the new, emerging multicultural reality, Carlos de Le\u00f3n, CEO of dlR USA, recently shared with me his insights on this interesting yet controversial topic.
\u201cIt\u2019s not only that they\u2019re really big, highly intelligent and social animals so that the capture and confinement in itself is cruel.\
As much as we'd like to be starting our own businesses, finishing our novels, selling our albums, or getting out to those casting calls, we feel chained to our chairs, shackled to our spreadsheets, drowned in our dead-end day jobs.
Men, women and teens are not waiting at home, in an office, or in a place of business, waiting for gold to come to them. They go out and look for it.
Since many are focusing on the elegant design and capabilities of this new product, I would not add much value to do the same. I prefer to discuss the Apple Watch as another step in Apple's game plan to turn itself into a bank.
While some companies view service as nothing more than an expense, the data show that providing great experiences is just as rewarding for customers as it is for your bottom line.
McKinsey recently extolled the virtues of their alumni network, announcing that approximately 450 ex-McKinsey consultants are CEOs of companies with more than $1 billion in annual revenues. This is an impressive statistic underscoring how companies should manage staff departures.
To give voice to 35 workers killed on the job over the past 35 years at a massive refinery in Texas City, hundreds of surviving family members, co-workers and friends gathered there last month to erect white crosses marked with their names.

If a nonprofit, like the one described, is attacked, not only will records be compromised, but also the reputation of the agency will be destroyed, probably along with the nonprofit organization itself.
Culture follows performance and behavior, not the other way around. The difference between you and the competitor who is beating you is the discipline to make these choices more often and effectively.
On paper, he looked like the ideal hire. Ivy League education. Top-notch work experience. Strong referrals. Rationally, all signs suggested I should hire him. And yet, I felt what can only be described as a \tap on the shoulder\ -- an intuitive, but impossible-to-pinpoint feeling that something was off.
Bridget is a project manager for a tech company called Qstream. Her role is essentially to create a strategy to implement technology that has already been purchased in a way that best meets the business needs of the client. She is not in a sales role.
The new revelations surrounding the Flash Crash of May 6, 2010, once again brought to light an undeniable fact
The most common question I get from my network is how to grow a reputation in an industry, while also attending to the responsibilities of a full-time job.
Too many businesses are concerned with making money, and not about creating value. Moving into the new era of startups, we are discovering business models that are making not only a financial impact on our economies, but an environmental impact.
I recently made the leap from the relative comfort and security of the corporate world to running my own business. Oh, the expectations I had for my new life! I knew that when I was finally running my own show, I would be free to work in a way that reflected my true values of kindness, balance and peace - values that often seemed at odds with a successful corporate career.

This crisis of representation is not an aberration. It is a structural feature of the system of lawyer professionalism we have built, and it will not go away until we build a different way to deliver the benefits of law to people in need of them.
Commenting on the state of innovativeness, Peter Thiel, founder of PayPal and legendary Silicon Valley investor, remarked, \We asked for flying cars. Instead, we got a hundred and forty characters.\ Really, Peter? Who asked for flying cars?
What's really terrific is the pressure is gone - my job right now is to be a great market connector, and my next career is unfolding as a result. Whether for me that means a portfolio of roles or a full-time assignment remains to be seen.
Nadia is a Multi-Media Producer turned Executive Coach who dramatically improved her own focus and relationship with food through micronutrition, and wanted to help others do the same
Kate has lived and breathed the therapeutic application of sound for nearly two decades.  She has managed numerous centers over the years, trained thousands of therapists on the application of listening therapy, developed guidelines and protocols for listening equipment, and in the process developed a rare level of experience in clinic management.
This is the second part of the 3 Myths of Leadership Development series. Myth #1 - \leadership is knowledge\ considered how truly effective leadership development models go beyond knowledge transfer and focus on putting that knowledge into practice. In part 2 of the 3 part series, the myth about who should engage in leadership development is explored.
Entrepreneurs come in all shapes and sizes. This one is chiseled as finely as a Michelangelo. As well he should be, his business is bodies. He is the founder and CEO of Chi Bang Bodies, an elite fitness training company from Boston.
Last weekend, one of my favorite organizations, the Patriot Boot Camp, swung through the Big Apple to throw a three day shindig of startupy goodness. I popped by to check out the action.
At the end of the day, if you wish to be successful, you have no choice but to make peace with yourself, learn a thing or two, and move on, continually growing and embracing the process.
\My job is to make sure that women are treated 100 percent equally at Salesforce in pay, opportunity and advancement.\
In taking these steps, leaders demonstrate a genuine interest in and respect for their people and their new environment. While this may not fully assuage the fears of those who worry about their new boss and her agenda, it should help put the majority of folks at ease as they settle into their new reality.
You're not going to satisfy everyone, and on some occasions, the customer isn't right, but you should certainly do your darndest to try and find common ground, and head off problems at the pass, without compromising your basic business needs.
Sustainability is top of mind as this week we mark Earth Day and Arbor Day, tributes aimed at raising respect for the environment. That makes this the perfect moment to note a new Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC) report that says, \Brands that place packaging\ into commerce must take more responsibility for its life cycle impact.
Do you remember Henry Higgins? He was a character, played by the actor Rex Harrison, in a 1964 movie called \My Fair Lady.\ During the movie, Henry Higgins sings a song called, \Why Can't a Woman Be More Like a Man?\ and the last line of the song is, \Why can't a woman be more like me?\
When we think about the bottom line in business, whether in the corporate arena or the entrepreneurial space, the immediate jump in processing is fiscal -- how much value do we have in terms of cold hard cash?


It's comforting to think that we have control over our surroundings and environment, but this does not make it so. Humans can have control over our actions and influence our environment, but we are still always subject to the whims of a universe we cannot understand.
The core problem with this obsession with stock value is that it diverts money away from long-term investments in capital expansion and research and development. The result is a steady decline of productivity which is the key determinant of our economic vigor.
There are always situations where you can influence a manager. Launching a new project. Brainstorming a product or service. Taking the business to the next level. But many people fail to see their power in these situations.
True story
Something I see over and over again in people who want to make a major career change is a fear of \losing it all\. They get 5, 10, 20 years into a career path, find themselves desperately wanting to try something new, but assume that if their new venture doesn't succeed they will lose everything.
Have you ever thought about how the act of networking is actually quite unnatural? Think about it. A person needs to attend an event, with or without knowing other attendees, and act like it is normal to walk up to complete strangers, shake hands with them, and then begin conversing.
In this episode of The Future in 5, I wanted to talk to you about a really cool report that PwC put out not too long ago.

By making the choice to outsource some or all of the marketing your company needs, you can make sure that experienced, talented professionals are working with your business to get it the attention it deserves on social media, on the Internet, at trade shows, and much, much more.
We need a federal law requiring employers to pay for scheduled work. Alternatively, if American workers can't get more regular and predictable hours, they at least need stronger safety nets.
Once again Apple has confounded the digibabblists, perplexed their competitors, baffled the analysts, and in general annoyed and irritated all the self-proclaimed digital-first... or is it mobile-first?... or perhaps our proclamation of the day should be wearable-first... experts, pundits and gurus.
Make no mistake

Yes, the millennials are coming! The research shows that their values relate well to missions of many nonprofit organizations. To interest the best and the brightest, nonprofit workplaces, as experienced by older generations, will need to change in strange ways!
I bought my first camera, a Soviet made Zenit-E SLR, in 1970. I still have the first roll of black and white 35mm film that I developed. The smell of developer and fixer from the countless hours I have spent in darkrooms is still imprinted in my brain. To this day I always carry a camera.
As you do your job, and do it well, gather everything shiny and useful and bring it back to your nest -- like a magpie. I'm not talking about stealing office supplies. I'm talking about gathering skills, learning how an industry works, and figuring out what kind of team you'll need around you when the time comes to go out on your own.

Jennifer Fitchen is a partner in Sidley Austin LLP's Palo Alto office. The views expressed in this article are exclusively those of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Sidley Austin LLP and its partners.
Kimberly Leach Johnson presides over the firm's executive committee and is Firm Chair of Quarles & Brady. As an attorney, she has been practicing trusts & estates law for more than 30 years.
Reading blogs, watching videos on YouTube, or reading a book unrelated to your work are all things that really career-focused people sometimes see as wasting time. But actually, these activities can help us discover new things, make new connections, come up with innovative solutions, and challenge our current thinking.
We've all heard motivational speakers tout the fact that there is no \I\ in team.  The clever wordplay suggests that for teams to be effective, they must shun individual egos in favor of advancing the mission of the team.
A business entails many types of relationships, all of which are crucial to its success
Character development is a lifelong pursuit.  There must be a willingness to admit to mistakes, take a step back, and make a conscience decision to work toward self-improvement.
When emotional intelligence first appeared to the masses, it served as the missing link in a peculiar finding
These findings are relevant to everyone in their career roles, but perhaps have greatest significance for those in high-impact decision making positions, whose judgment and decisions affect the organization's success.
When done properly, the best lighting design is completely unnoticeable. Yet, when poorly done, lighting can completely compromise the design of a space.
Networking is by far the highest return on investment for your business. Networking is not only fun, but also essential for building your brand.
Ken Dunn is an entrepreneur. Before starting Next Century Publishing, he made millions of dollars through his entrepreneurial efforts. He started Next Century to help authors avoid bad publishing experiences. In this interview, you'll get a glimpse into the life of a busy CEO.
Communication. A word that has so much meaning and importance, yet often is misunderstood. It's a word that can be the difference between success and failure, and a word that can lead to our own unraveling as professionals and as an organization.
Entrepreneurs are the people who reinvent and revigorate our society in large and small ways and we know them by their actions. However, how do entrepreneurs with a business or a design background differ from one another and what are their personal traits?



When we have complicated trade agreements that could put thousands of U.S. workers on the unemployment line and hamper this nation's economy, shouldn't our elected officials have a chance to review and make changes to them? After all, lawmakers have certainly spent significant time considering more frivolous matters in recent years.
The world needs three types of leaders
While growth hacking is attracting a tremendous amount of attention today, it is frequently misunderstood. Often associated with the acquisition of users through viral means, \going viral\ is really only one aspect of a comprehensive growth hacking strategy.
This is going to be a two-part post. In this first part, I want to share research that I have come across around why smaller teams are better than larger ones.
If McDonald's can no longer differentiate itself on price or quality, it needs a bold strategy -- or it will go out of business. McDonald's smart move will be to compete on profits -- not by cutting prices, but by raising wages.

Behind the numbers lies an unusually complex set of forces shaping the world economy.  Some, such as the decline in the price of oil and the evolution of exchange rates, are highly visible.  Some, from crisis legacies to lower potential growth, play more of behind-the-scenes role but are important nevertheless.  Let me briefly review them.
Puerto Rico, though it is not a state, has the privilege of issuing municipal bonds. Interest on those bonds is free from U.S. taxes. Typical municipal bonds pay 3 percent returns these days. But Puerto Rico's municipal bonds pay 8 percent or more.

Whether we wake up in the mornings loving what we do or not, it is important to remember the people we come in contact with during our day-to-day activities are trying to make a living for themselves and their families as well.
In this episode of the Future in 5, I talk about why Uber is not really in the transportation business. I'm a very frequent Uber user. Every time I go to a conference or speak at an event -- which is fairly often -- I take the UberBlack car.


If you run a small-business or a small marketing team you can't market like McDonalds or probably even your largest competitor. So why bother trying?
With over 350M subscribers and growing fast, it would be hard to question LinkedIn's growth. When you compare this number to any of the LinkedIn's traditional competitors, they are doing just fine.
Contrary to the lingering popular myth, vocational education is anything but a dead end -- particularly in a world where rapid technological changes demand the continual acquisition of new skills.
Raises would, of course, cost these billion-dollar corporations something. More costly, though, is the price paid by minimum-wage workers who have not received a raise in six years.  Even more dear is what these workers have paid for their campaign to get raises. Managers have harassed, threatened and fired them.


Inclusive business, or business that pursues opportunities in traditionally unattractive market segments, ought to be a strategic imperative for corporations and investors.
Hasbro Inc, maker of old standbys like Monopoly and  Risk, says that revenue for its line of games increased 10  percent between 2012 and 2013, and would have grown 7 percent in  2014 if not for unfavorable foreign currency conversions.

\Don't only look at big companies. They might have big numbers, but you'll have more fun, will learn more and grow faster in startups.\


Beatrice Witzgall, CEO and founder of LumiFi, is an accomplished, award-winning lighting designer with more than 20 years of global experience. She has worked on countless lighting design projects alongside renowned architects including Frank Gehry and Steven Holl.
I've personally been very fortunate to work with some amazing, influential, brilliant people over the course of my career. Some of these colleagues carried titles and others did not, however all possessed many of the qualities I deem to be that of a remarkable leader.

Most of the thousands of investors and entrepreneurs descending on New Delhi this week for the Sankalp Global Summit are looking to beat out their competitors. Dave Richards and Will Poole, managing directors of Unitus Seed Fund, are looking to create more competition for themselves, by seeding additional funds like their own.
Electronic cigarettes and vaporizing devices became available less than a decade ago, and have since grown into a multi-billion dollar industry despite a lack of data demonstrating their safety for consumers.
In this episode of the Future in 5, I discuss what is the biggest barrier to change for organizations? In other words, why are some organizations not changing?
My commitment to making art is helping me broaden my perspective and view problems through a different lens -- and with a much wider aperture.
Recently I flexed my mental muscles during a three-day leadership course called \Team Empowerment Training.\ I thought I'd pick up a few conflict-resolution techniques, learn how to be a better influencer, and empower others through interpersonal skills and guidance.
This past year, I experienced my first Do Over moment. I was suddenly laid off from a startup and left scrambling to rebuild my career. It worked out for the better when I found an exciting new job, but for a few months there, the future got scary.
Human beings are social animals. Like packs of wolves, prides of lions, pods of dolphins, herds of elephants, troops of baboons, and flocks of birds, we humans are designed to live and work together in groups.
As the music industry continues to grow and the record industry slowly starts to become a nostalgic reference artists are looking for interesting ways to expand their audience and share their art through strategic partnerships and 360 deals.
More importantly, what are the most common mistakes that most founders commit especially during the early stages of the business? Imran Ali Khan, Founder and Co-CEO at Zameen.com, shares his advice on how to avoid those pitfalls.
Elon Musk would probably agree.
Emotional intelligence (EQ) is our ability and capacity to manage emotions well in ourselves and in our relationships. What does this have to do with running a family business? Everything.
The oil field, home to the huge hydrocarbon reservoir that inspired construction of the trans-Alaska oil pipeline and kicked off an economic boom that transformed the state, now ranks third in the nation for remaining oil reserves.

Better listen up!
Even if you are not a fan of America's game, this time of year undoubtedly marks the beginning of something new. But what if the business world took a queue from baseball and companies had an opening day? Here are six-and-a-half reasons why they should.

The hardest and most important work within the future of work centers on one thing
What subject do you give the most airtime to? If someone asked your team what you care about, what would they say? How about your family? I regularly get a similar email from different people, in different jobs around the world that speaks to the issue of airtime.

Wouldn't it be grand if you could trade in the tedious predictability of the 9-to-5 grind for 100 percent control of your efforts and the resulting profits, plus the authority to give yourself as much vacation time as you need?
Crowd sourcing and crowd funding are demonstrating the wisdom of crowds by allowing individuals essentially to vote by solving with their wallets and pocketbooks.  Why not allow the crowd's wisdom to inform a team in the managerial process as well?
As a country, and a world, we must understand that our destinies are linked. As business owners and integral employees within organizations, we can make a difference. We can offer our unique ideas and contributions that might help close the growing gap between the rich and the poor. We can examine ourselves for prejudices founded on fashionable beliefs rather than solid values.
It's okay to be unsure of where you're going. As long as you remain true to yourself and go with your heart, you won't look back. Just remember, even the darkest of times will lead you to the direction or path you're meant to follow.
The trip reminded me of my upbringing and the unique insights and lessons that our differences, and cross-border perspectives bring.
The expected removal of Western sanctions, particularly the targeted measures against Iran's oil and financial sector, could pave the way for a huge and much-needed inflow of foreign investors and recovery of Iran's oil sector and heavily-battered currency.
So, you just walked out of a meeting with the C-suite and you've been tasked to implement a new program across the organization. You get back into your office and reality sets in as you mumble to yourself, \How do I start this?\
Our current wellbeing paradigm is stuck measuring the cost of various degrees of illness rather than calculating the value of higher levels of wellness and proactively enabling us to thrive.
It's not clear where all this plays out, but meeting many across the music industry this past year, I saw a clear picture of an industry trying to reinvent itself.  And while labels still have an important role, the new equilibrium brings a healthy competitive balance to the market.
Clearly, Easterbrook had heard the wake-up call, taking serious note of the recent troubles, the escalating push for salary increases and the increasing competition from other burger quick-serve restaurants.
Why do so many business fail, despite having the right stuff?  Here's why.  Their marketing and business development strategies are out of order and out of sync with the organization's goals and objectives.
Real estate is not for the faint-hearted. I wake up in the morning to a host of worries
It's hard to find a restaurant that doesn't now place a little card at your table inquiring if the establishment was
Becoming an expert in something so focused allows someone to take advantage of what mega-companies cannot. It allows someone to first become a big fish in a small pond.
Many things today rely on credit scores -- anything from getting approved for a credit card to landing an apartment. With enough patience and financial prudence, you can turn yourself into a lean-mean-credit-mastering machine.
A car doesn't have to be dull and plodding to be green. One wouldn't know that from the proficient, but uninspiring, plug-in hybrids and electric vehicles that crawled off the drawing boards of the major auto companies. But that seems about to change.
Having experienced competing in various marketing programs prior to his graduation, Ritchie Goenawan knew where he wants his career path to lead him. Now, working as Regional Brand Manager, Foods, South East Asia for Unilever Asia, he shares some of the most important and fulfilling moments of his career.

Cyndie Spiegelis a Brooklyn-based Small Business Consultant, Coach, and Speaker specializing in strategy for creative entrepreneurs. Her motivational coaching and strategy sessions have inspired creative start-ups, independent entrepreneurs, and renowned luxury designers alike, helping them to develop extraordinary businesses and lives.
Naama Bloom is the Founder and CEO of HelloFlo, an everyday health and wellness resource for women and girls with sponsorships in place with Tampax, Always, LUNA Bar, and others. You may recognize the company from its viral ad campaigns, Camp Gyno and First Moon Party.
Based on the outcome of the Lemington Homes case precedent cited above, not being rigorous about their due care evaluation responsibilities can be very costly to nonprofit and possibly for-profit directors.
\Know how good you are and what you are capable of. Also, always develop personal relationships with colleagues and business partners -- face-to-face matters and is still very important as technology has not yet replaced everything!\
Advertisers are tapping into the world of big data to get a much better understanding of who their audience is, what they like and buy and all their psychographic and purchase preferences.
My parents always stressed education and hard work. I grew up the third of four children. My older brother was only two years older and growing up as the middle kids, we were always very competitive with each other.
Netflix sounds like a great place to work.

There are dozens of other bad marketing models, but the crown jewel goes to \Deceptive Marketing\ where you conveniently hold back truth to make the recipient believe that you are trying to help them.

Since my business is networking, I am either attending events, scheduling networking phone calls or having one on one meetings constantly. But a lot of my clients don't.  So how do you make sure you stay consistent with your networking and happy at the same time? Here are five tips:

A digital policy for the new century, tailored not just to the moment but for the future, is vital if we are to unleash economic growth, shared prosperity, and the full potential of technology for citizens and consumers. But such a policy architecture requires a new consensus\u200a--\u200aon privacy, on security, on customer protections, on growth and mobility.



The healthcare industry is a longstanding anchor in many urban centers. Poised to add nearly 5 million jobs to the economy over the next decade, this industry is uniquely positioned to expand job creation and wealth-building opportunities to some of our country's most economically vulnerable communities.


Customers love the freshness of its products. But that's not all...
Lufthansa may yet, as it has signaled, release all the relevant documents, admit it's own responsibility, and pay generous compensation to the families of the victims. But if history is any guide this will not happen without a fight for full disclosure of the facts surrounding this horrific event.
And former customers are stepping up to help.
Tom's an articulate physician, totally able to speak his mind and express a strong point of view. But when he repeatedly says \between you and I,\ that grammatical error has the same effect as a big splotch of mustard on the front of his suit and tie.
This April, a company of twelve Duke undergraduate actors will act out Lucy Prebble's award-winning play, ENRON on campus. Through their involvement, the students have gained valuable insights into the decisions they will make in their own careers, and how they will judge the values of companies and corporate leaders.
Experienced content marketers know it's more of a \tip of the iceberg\ game. What the audience sees is only a small fraction of the effort expended by a content marketer.
Here we are in 2015 in a truly consumer-centered world. Gone are the days of street peddlers and door-to-door sellers and yet among all the change one thing is constant
A comprehensive modernization of the U.S. corporate tax system can be enacted in a fiscally responsive, revenue-neutral way.
What is this \it\ thing that some people just seem to have? It's easy to say looks and talent, but \it\ is more than that.
By ourselves we can make a ripple in the pond and a difference in the world, but as TEDx legend Simon Sinek noted in his inspiring keynote at #Ulticonnect, \together we are remarkable.\

A court approved a plan to salvage RadioShack by co-branding most of its 1,740 surviving stores with cell phone provider Sprint.
What can we learn from this week's vote in the Seattle City Council, to oppose Fast Track trade legislation and express concerns about the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP)?


How can we forecast our environment so that we are aware of its influence over us and how we can use what we learn to our success? There are three interconnected stages of importance here
If you're an executive or a middle-level manager and you're frustrated with your leaders and managers not working together, you've probably entertained the idea of bringing someone like me, a leadership trainer or consultant, into your organization to help.
The most effective leaders think outside in
Forward-thinking executives and companies understand that for an employee to be fully engaged, they need to feel things are secure at home just as they know that for an employee to feel things are secure at home, they need to feel secure at work. The two are inextricably linked.
Truth be known, I really don't care about anyone's story. I care about how they might help me with a problem I need solved!
Both Piketty and Clark say that politics, not economics, will determine the future. However, the economy will certainly be a major focus of upcoming election debates in both countries. The real question is, will the electorates in the U.S. and the UK stage a revolt?
Sucker punched by massive, illegally subsidized imports, American steel producers laid off thousands of workers in bedrock communities from Ohio and Illinois to Texas and Alabama. That's in just the past three months.
While there is much to learn from this remarkable statesman and the transformative experience of Singapore that could fill many volumes, I would like to focus in the short space here on a few key lessons that entrepreneurs and companies can take from the founding and rapid growth of Singapore.
Many marketers seem lost, and one of the reasons is that they have not learned how these new tools fit into the marketing strategy hierarchy. Those that have achieved considerable success have recognized that the Internet and its \offspring\ are really forms of Direct Marketing. Why?
As entrepreneurs, leaders, business owners of organizations small and large to succeed in the new world we need a new operating system; one that sees us move from a 'competitive' way of doing business to that of a 'collaborative' workspace.
It's not going to be easy to overcome the scourge of vacation deprivation. It requires employers as well as individual men and women like you and me to find the courage to come forward.
Positivity has its limits. And, taken in excess, optimism can become dangerous

Brainstorming continues to be used because it feels intuitively right to do so. As such, it is one more placebo in the talent management cabinet, believed to work in spite of the clear absence of evidence. So go ahead, schedule that brainstorming meeting -- just don't expect it to accomplish much.
With snow barely a memory, they're wearing shorts, drinking iced coffee, and using the vaguely soggy grass to nap, study, and toss Frisbees.
The \Grow Your Value\ bonus competition drives home the message that it is important for women to both learn their value and communicate it effectively.

Ready for the hurdles?
In 1989 Teresa Scott launched Kennedy Scott Training & Development, as a subsidiary of the Principals marketing and Design group, acquiring the company outright in 1991, where she remains as sole-owner manager.
Theresa Roemer is the CEO of Theresa Roemer, LLC and a small business owner who specializes in business philanthropy.  She owns several home goods companies in Houston, Texas and is a partner in Roemer Oil.


Contrary to what most career coaches may advise, Andrew Pickup, Senior Director for Communications at Microsoft Asia, encourages us to actually change environment and seek for greater responsibilities especially during the early stages of our careers.
As one of the stars of ABC's high-stakes reality show \Shark Tank,\ Corcoran goes head-to-head with four other self-made multi-millionaire tycoons, bidding on the business ideas of budding entrepreneurs hoping to make their dreams a reality.
This episode continues my interview with Bob Chapman, CEO of Barry-Wehmiller Companies, Inc., a manufacturing company with over 8,000 employees.
A key section of the secret Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade agreement has been leaked to the public. The New York Times has a major story on the contents of the leaked chapter, and it's as bad as many of us feared. Now we know why the corporations and the Obama administration want the TPP kept secret from the public until it's too late to stop it.
As the saying goes, \Either you disrupt or get disrupted,\ and this is what we're starting to see. Listen in as I expand on this topic, and let me know what are you seeing?
It now falls to Europe's politicians to act resolutely to stop the union drifting apart. Their present approach of endless negotiations and compromise formulas risks losing the last vestige of popular support.
Reality
To deal with toxic people effectively, you need an approach that enables you, across the board, to control what you can and eliminate what you can't. The important thing to remember is that you are in control of far more than you realize.
In an increasingly frantic effort to derail new protections for retirement savers, SIFMA, the self-described \voice of the U.S. securities industry,\ has purchased yet another study that purports to show why a pending Department of Labor (DOL) proposal to require all financial advisors to put their customers first is unnecessary and inappropriate.


The reality is that the \smart money\ is dumb, and what is currently viewed as \dumb money\ is smart. As Luntz properly noted, don't underestimate the power of language. No one understands this better than the securities industry.
Everyone has a \dream job\ lying dormant in their hearts. Unfortunately, it's usually plagued by one negative thought
Here are five important tips to help take the mystery out of tax preparation. These recommendations and resources show how a little preparation and organization can help ease the worry at tax time.
I don't think we should call them consumers anymore. Sure, they consume our products, but they are so much more important that to us than just that. They participate in our brand, keeping it vital and relevant in their lives. They make our brand, well, our brand.
Internet of Things, big data, social media, analytics, the cloud and mobile, combined with the millennial workforce, is powerful, indeed. Job opportunities are plentiful for those who can help bring it all together.
While these accounts were deleted by Facebook, the actual account creation process has not changed very much, if at all. Programs pass updates to the people who have purchased them, and \likes\ sellers simply create more accounts at the click of a button.
\They first should find a business that fits their personality, something they will be passionate about, and that passion becomes their strength and confidence to be a strong and successful business owner.\
When presenting the outcome of your assignment, it is important to choose the right elements of the way you handled the assignment. If you don't, you face the risk of being taken for granted, not getting enough credit for the assignment OR just simply taken advantage of your work.
Megan Driscoll is the founder and president of  PharmaLogics. She has been recruiting in the bio-pharmaceutical industry for well over 17 years.
Here are some qualifications for unusual board members that want to become change agents and lead boards and/or organizations to making substantial positive changes.
For those who say, well, the new net neutrality order will fix everything, (assuming it makes it through various, expected court battles), I'll detail a few of the good things about the order as it relates to these charges, then give you the reality -- it doesn't fix most things.
It is hard to believe, but most of prospective presidential candidate Walker's antipathy seems to be towards teachers unions and higher education, in particular. He has even proposed to cut the University of Wisconsin budget.
I applaud Schultz for wanting to be socially conscious but that shouldn't include potentially forcing me to engage in a conversation of Starbucks' choosing.  By doing so, the company is limiting my freedom of choice to discuss race when I want to, where I want to, and with whom I want to.
Compassion isn't something you hear a lot about in business but when you let go of the need to crush the competition and tune into what is actually needed it can yield amazing results. My commitment to my clients is always to listen first and then use all the tools at my disposal to deliver the desired result.


Most companies these days seem to be in relentless pursuit of my opinion and attitude, yet the questions they ask really don't encourage conversation. Sometimes they just ask me to log on and \complete a survey.\ Neither approach encourages any deepening of a relationship.


Most of us can only dream of being in a position where we could make new rules the way that Schireson, Wong, El-Erian, and Pichette might have done instead of opting out. Let's hope that instead of these types of resignation letters becoming the norm in the name of work-life balance, we start hearing more about leaders who stay put and change the status quo.
In the birthplace of Rock and Roll, a radio station has signed on the air with an unusual format that aims to take radio forward and backward at the same time.


The increasing influence of women is challenging us all to adapt and realign ourselves to the needs of a new society. Engaging women in the workplace, especially at the leadership level, is an essential part of the new collaborative economy.
When you think about starting a technology company the first thing that comes to mind might not be hip-hop. To some though, they are one in the same. Teja Yenamandra is the CEO Gun.io. They are a technology company that connects high quality freelance developers to well paying projects.

It's not too late for LLNS (Bechtel and The Regents) to do the right thing by these dedicated workers. But whether or not they do, one thing's for sure. As one op -ed put it, \If ever there were a poster boy for privatization gone bad, this is it.\



In many cases, companies that previously built their businesses on promises not to collect or share personal data then were absorbed by companies without such commitments, betraying the trust users had placed in the original companies.
Obamacare was supposed to make birth control free for all women. But that reality is still far off.

Comcast and Time Warner Cable want the American People's permission to merge. The only answer for federal, state and local governments and regulators is to make a goal-line stand for sports fans and say no.
We know the animal rights groups will not miss the elephants in the circus, but our family will miss them. Perhaps a trip to a certain elephant conservation center in Florida is in our future.
When you set out to raise money, you think you're doing it based on the strength of your ideas, but most investors are looking equally if not mostly at the team.
The evolution of crowdfunding as a new investment vehicle in the US real estate industry has been remarkable in the past few years. Since the JOBS Act was passed into law in 2012, platforms specializing in crowdfunding real estate projects have mushroomed across the country.
They say time heals all wounds. I've been around a long time in the marketing world, and I'm still licking a few old wounds. Like when I forgot to put wedding rings on a couple we were featuring in a print ad.


Feeling overworked? Moving to a different city could help.
Adding customer discussions to the Board agenda is an important part of a broader customer engagement strategy with the board, including the regular review of customer survey results, engagement metrics, segmentation reviews.
I had dinner with my brother and his family the other day. At the restaurant, his son the kindergartner, is coloring with crayons. He is trying like crazy to color inside the lines, his tongue is sticking out with maximum concentration.
A market in transition can mean only one thing in our current environment. A potential top and the beginning of a bear market or longer-term correction.
My dad was a loyal Cadillac driver and consumer of the iconic and classic brand. I remember climbing into the soft, plush leather seats with plenty of room to sit back, relax and enjoy the ride.
During his keynote, Vik Sahney, REI DVP of Strategy and Sustainability, shared that \CSR is not about doing less bad, it's about changing the way you do everything.\
This Patient Safety Awareness Week, let's be more than aware -- let's be vocal about the change we'd like to see. Consumers entrust their lives to the health care industry. The stakes couldn't be higher for our families, and we are entitled to know how the system really works.
Perhaps the most important subject you can study and learn is sales. Yet many of the smartest students avoid learning it, and some of the best colleges shun teaching it.
But how do you know if you're bringing someone on board ready to make lightning strike twice? One way to get you closer to finding out is asking these three questions during the interview.
The ways we use a smart watch (or other wearable device) will gradually begin to evolve to better suit the device, and those changes will have a significant effect on the scope of social media and how businesses use it to interact with their consumers.
The other day I was tired. Not just yawn tried, but so tired my head hurt, my feet hurt and everything in between hurt.
What would happen at your organization, if there were no managers? Would everything fall apart and go into chaos or would you see a more engaged workforce and a more successful organization?
Loyal customers are great. Implementing little hacks to guarantee them into loyal-for-life customers like Starwood has done for me this morning? Priceless.
Everyone has the ability to build mental strength and develop increased resilience. It's all about the choices we make and the desire to become better. With hard work, we can learn to use setbacks as opportunities to grow stronger.
What the Philippines needs more than ever is a true economic revolution, one that ensures the Philippines is not only a democracy in formal-political terms, but instead founded upon the principle of \u00e9ga-libert\u00e9

Having served as a volunteer director, board chair and consultant, I am often tempted to call it the nonprofit \mistake.\ It is, in some instances, a perception that may blindside the director and stunt the growth potential of the organization.
The United Steelworkers Thursday reached a possible four-year pact with Shell Oil in a seven-state strike that spread to 12 refineries and three other plants. Three weeks ago, most of the USW's more than 700 combined members joined the walkout.
The art of deflection is practiced by smart marketers all the time. It is your responsibility to be aware and look out for the underlying motivation in an offer and how it is packaged. It's not easy to spot it as the crowd starts talking about what the marketer wants them to talk about.
Gloria Pitagorsky on if she maintains a work/life balance
\Take all those tapes playing in your head of people telling you what you can and cannot do -- and burn them, along with the subtle fears and insecurities you didn't even know you had absorbed over the years.\
How many of us can relate to the movie Office Space and the infamous boss Bill Lumbergh? Most people would say that they can easily point to a boss that they currently have or have had who could have served as a role model for the movie character.
I am lucky to have different mentors and advisors in different stages of my career, from design to business. The most inspirational one for me is when someone told me not to think about business when I am not a marketer. His saying actually prompted me to register a master degree in marketing.
But once a human being is at the office, productivity does not automatically happen. There are numerous distractions, even obligations, that can keep a person from performing their job duties to the best of their ability. This, in turn, can prevent salary raises and promotions.
At SXSW Interactive, it's all about community and innovation. It undoubtedly stands up to the self-proclamation as \the place to preview the technology of tomorrow today.\
I don't think it is overt, but high achievers have a sixth sense of who is worthy of their most precious commodity, time, and who is looking for instant gratification.
Having started his career in accountancy and law, Froilan de Dios, shares his professional journey that allowed him to work in Philippines' neigboring countries such as Malaysia, Indonesia, Vietnam.

The important thing is to remember what you have learned from a failure of the past and apply it to your life today, as well as passing along to others your new-found knowledge acquired as a result of a past mistake or failure.  Failing doesn't mean that you are a bad person who needs to be punished.


The executive team is not just a group of people. It is a highly skilled, trained, and experienced collection of individuals that TOGETHER create a powerful force for the company. Make sure you utilize this power for the greater good.
Harassment training needs to be comprehensive. Long gone are the days of the narrow focus of sexual harassment. Racial, ethnic and harassment based on disability are too common today. Training and policies need to reflect that harassment of any kind is unlawful and inexcusable.

There is nothing wrong with making a mistake. It's what you say to yourself after you mess up that matters. Your self-talk (the thoughts you have about your feelings) can either magnify the negativity or help you turn that misstep into something productive.
If you intend to influence others, consider the backstory as the context -- and the gateway -- for your communication and connection.
Environmental innovations are much more than nice; they are also fiscally sound practices that add value and provide a tremendous boost to the bottom line. And eventually, they have a domino effect
It turns out, taking a Mulligan, doing it over, is the key to survival in today's convoluted, fast changing economy. If you have chosen to give reinventing yourself a try, make sure you do it correctly.
This weekend \Weird Al\ Yankovic performed his classic song Yoda as a duet with Jodi DiPiazza, a 13-year-old autistic girl, at Comedy Central's \Night of Too Many Stars.\
The effects of social media are never more than a click away and everything you do can potentially be captured for the entire world to see.
The question is no longer
Many years ago, a woman emailed to ask if I could build her new website. She had heard about my work through a friend, saw my name listed on other websites, and gushed about my portfolio.
My symbiotic mentor/mentee relationship taught me the value of forming inter-generational bonds. As I continue to grow in age and experience, I'll never forget the priceless lessons I'm learning from seasoned vets in the game.

Much has changed for women. The fact that we have International Women's Day, or that many organizations host Women in Leadership events to empower women, or women feel they can mobilize to effect positive change is testimony to progress.
Instant messaging is probably the type of workplace communication that we put the least amount of thought into. But approaching it more mindfully will help improve the productivity of both you and your colleagues and ease the frustrations that come from mismatched communications.
Only a tiny percentage of active fund managers demonstrate evidence of skill. Identifying them prospectively is exceedingly difficult and, even if you could do so, it's unlikely their stellar performance will persist.
Long overlooked, or at least given a lower priority in many companies, internal communications has seen a surge in perceived value in recent years. Names may change, but it is clear there are two significant and desired action items for employees to embrace.
Empathy, often incorrectly used as a synonym for sympathy, may be the better response in corporate life, which increasingly calls for more authenticity. In fact, empathy is considered to be one of the most valuable things taught at acclaimed Harvard Business School these days.
If everyone treated executive onboarding the way McDonald's brings its franchisees into the fold, the failure rates for new leaders would plummet. In particular, increase your investment in the screening process, two-way qualification and onboarding executives across time, locations and media.
Dog foods are more than the sum of their parts. Think of it this way
Business and dancing seem like two pretty different animals, don't they? But, they really have more in common than you realize. It can not only help you transform your happiness in the workplace, but focus your mind to recognize patterns and then identify and pursue relevant opportunities.

In the end, it turns out that imagining and day dreaming are not a waste of time -- as some people still tend to think.
Tessie Topol is Vice President of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) at Time Warner Cable. In this role, she is responsible for developing and implementing the company's corporate philanthropy and overall CSR strategy and programs.
If Arby's themselves tweeted with self-deprecating, dark humor, I'm not sure if they'd get the same following. People who follow and respond to Nihilist Arby's aren't necessarily Arby's food fans.
The next round of TPP negotiations begin in Hawaii on Monday and it is highly probable that this meeting could be one of the last before the pact is finalized. As we reach the potential end point, effective IP protections cannot be overlooked.


For nearly 20 years, Dr. Diana L. Burley has acted as a consultant to corporations and government agencies in navigating issues related to IT-enabled change, cybersecurity workforce development and knowledge management.
Combined, Jaysie, Jianna and Jodi have an immense business background in sales, marketing, business development and operations. Their intricate involvement in the school systems allows the local moms to really make a difference with their new venture.
In our attempt to be better at our jobs, to be more accessible and more open to new opportunities which could be your next big break, you may actually be engaging in habits that are hindering you.
Many nonprofit boards, managers and staff figuratively stand ten feet tall for what they accomplish. They deserve to have the appropriate tools used by business boards and business managers to do their jobs.
If your business card has the words \Sales\ or \Marketing\ anywhere in the title, you need to get this book. It will teach you how to stop wasting your time chasing people who will never ever be your customers.
Smart people overestimate the importance of being a smart person. To be the best lawyer, or the best collection of lawyers, is not enough; it doesn't even guarantee you stay in the game.
Every entrepreneur realizes that change is now the norm, and they have to adapt their business quickly to survive and prosper. In fact, the best entrepreneurs seem to see breakthrough changes coming even before they really happen, and are able to turn them into huge new opportunities.

Do you feel like there is an unlimited supply of stress in this world? No, not the kind of stress that comes with growth. Unfortunately, it is the kind of stress that comes with being stuck. Common sense says that your growth is hugely influenced by the right investments you make in yourself.
There is no question about it
Rude, abrasive and downright hostile people are a fact of life. We have no choice in that. The choice we do have is how we handle them -- by not letting their problems feed our own.
You no longer become eager to see what others do and want to change their attitudes and actions. This significantly reduces your burnout and frustration. You become refueled from within.
Marketers and small business owners rarely think about the terms, \Marketing Plan\ and \Exit Strategy\ and use them in the same sentence.
Toni Cusumano is the Principal and Technology Sector Human Capital Leader at PwC, and she and her team have been spending a lot of time exploring what the future of work is going to look like.
If you can navigate a leadership model that keeps the founder involved and engaged in the business as it scales, it meaningfully improves your odds that startup magic will happen.
How do we tell the story about women today? A portrait, more like a contemporary mosaic, if you will, emerged, of disruptive, brilliant, super femmes from diverse backgrounds around the globe, as I interviewed five women to celebrate International Women's Day.
So what could paleo eating and success in your business and career possibly have in common? Actually -- pretty much everything.

With the announcement that Obama vetoed the Keystone Pipeline XL, there was a great deal of moaning in the energy industry. However, when you look at the simple economics, it is obvious there was also a collective sigh of relief.
Why should employees use collaboration tools at work? A lot of organizations state that one of the biggest challenges they face is employee push-back. Employees don't want to use the tools and technologies.
You can count on the semi-annual Geneva auto show to bring out the most outrageous pieces of automotive design. In the heart of Europe, the show is a magnet for high-end manufacturers and well-heeled car enthusiasts looking for their next conspicuous ride.
Our behaviors are a lot like viruses in that they are infectious and easily copied by others. It's human nature for people to unconsciously copy examples that are modeled for them, good or bad.
And be willing to play nice with others. Many of our clients have a range of marketing agencies they work with. These clients are most successful when their marketing programs work in concert and this means the agencies being willing to work together vs. engaging in a land grab for more budget.
It's a different job market now. Joining the long-term unemployed and those left lost and given up in the wake of the Great Recession are now people who have found work. Valuable Talent now looking for what's next. Talent that could mean the difference between the success and failure of your company.
Video game makers are constantly forced to reinvent their products, services and even core value propositions on a regular basis. Consumer products makers, manufacturers, retailers and businesses in virtually any category would do well to follow their lead.
More than understanding the current guise of the IoT, is the importance for women entrepreneurs to understand long-term impact of using technology for business.  It is more than just setting up a website and using all the bells and whistles to bring in new customers.
If it seems like there's an app for everything these days, you're right. What's the perfect or right tool?

I'm sympathetic to the notion that since we already have lower tariffs than our trading partners, there are gains to be made on this front. But if the negotiators are truly saying we simply cannot have a trade deal that blocks currency managers, then maybe we shouldn't have a trade deal.
It's been easy to buy into the myth that young people dislike cars because they're young and poor. But for the approximately 80 million millennials in the U.S., there's a long way to go before they give up car ownership in favor of ride sharing and bikes alone.
Truth be told, though we live and die by our to-do lists, when we started our agency we didn't have a business plan. What we did have was an identified need, a good idea and a bottle of wine to fuel our courage to take the plunge.
I'll be the first to admit that I didn't give much thought to the idea of Kevin Jonas as a businessman. He's a musician. An actor. But a business mogul?
It's getting crowded in the investment crowdfunding space, and that's excellent news. Almost any asset can benefit from investment crowdfunding and, as more types succeed, that will cause still more niche platforms to launch.
Every new business quickly realizes that revenue coming in every period on a committed basis is the Holy Grail to survival and growth. According to many experts, getting new customers is five to ten times harder than getting additional revenue from existing customers.
As SVP/General Manager of Karlitz & Company, Carole Coleman's responsibilities include providing strategic direction, managing client and partner relationships, supervising staff, and new business development.
Strange to say, a nonprofit organization and Board can become too dedicated to its mission! Such overzealousness can cause them to overlook opportunities for strategic change.
I suggest we need to step back and consider leadership as a phenomenon, and ask what we mean when we use the term. For example, it is almost impossible to imagine a leader as a solitary entity -- there are always others to follow. If this is so, then perhaps leadership is more of a social phenomena than the product of an individual's vision or some set of competencies.


I recently gave a talk on audience growth, and while I don't have all the answers, I do know a few things. I've learned both from my own experience and that of the people I work with (some of whom have much larger audiences than mine).

Michelle Forsythe is the Co-Founder and the Chief Executive Officer of NoteStream
If so, here are 10 actions you can take to dislodge your organization from its conventional thinking rut.
Mary is the founder and creator of Pearson Farm's Retail Division. When Mary Pearson married Al Pearson of Pearson farm, she not only gained the love of her life, but grew to have a great love for the beautiful large trees on the Peach farm.
While in most advanced economies, housing prices contracted for a prolonged period both during and after the crisis, in emerging markets, housing prices suffered brief declines, recovered quickly and have kept rising since.




Employer branding may seem like the latest buzzword whispered around town, but those of us in the talent management game have been executing these tactics for several years and attracting the best talent to our organizations in the process.
When visitors come into our new office in Midtown Manhattan, one of the first questions we often get is, \Can I have my own desk here?\
A cataclysmic shift is occurring in BtoB and BtoC marketing. Customers are ignoring generic messaging and demanding personalized and relevant communications based on their individual preferences.
At some companies an on-site clinic is already a reality.
Do you invest in the organization you join, by bringing your best efforts to the table and having the right attitude for a long-term commitment, or are you simply doing the bare minimum and collecting a pay check?
Why would someone choose to do business with you? Because you have taken the time, and put in the effort to give them your best self.
The investor who wants to invest in rental property without searching out homes, doing rehab, finding tenants and handling management find this an attractive option. There are advantages to this approach.
Vision, attitudes, and personality generally come through loud and clear in your writing.  Your challenge

For this edition of The #ExceptionalCareers Series, I asked Deb Henretta to reflect on her career and share insights on mentors, taking on challenges, and what it takes to be a leader.
What if the nature of the employee's job is to be creative and innovative? This requires that an employee be willing to take risks and make mistakes. Should you still manage that employee closely? Should you still tell him what to do and how to do it? Should you still monitor, measure and document?
His collaborative approach requires self-awareness that many leaders lack. Jon defines it as having the capacity to accurately perceive and adapt to the emotions of his subordinates, while using his own emotions to guide his thinking and overcome challenges.
I was in debt. Serious debt. The \how-will-I-ever-pay-this-back?\ kind of debt. The kind that haunts you in those moments right before you fall asleep.
Health conscious consumers who have proven their value to insurers over the course of twelve months deserve to receive financial reimbursement for their efforts.  Even a year's worth of successful compliance by those patients facing on-going conditions such as diabetes would prove beneficial to patient and insurer.

The power of the multinational corporations operating below the notice of the mainstream media has been clarified by two recent proposals.
Whether you are looking for a new career challenge, growing your business or starting a new company, becoming a person of influence in your industry can be very rewarding -- both personally and professionally.
This paradigm shift demands that leaders evolve along with their organizations. To be successful, leaders must learn the skills to connect, empower, motivate, mentor, train, and inspire their valuable human capital.
Here, finally, is the great black-ice pileup between so-called \IT\ and \marketing.\  And banks suck it up to avoid revealing their vulnerability and lack of internal controls to regulatory watchdogs, customers -- and thieves.
Julie Yoo is a Co-Founder of Kyruus and serves as the company's Chief Product Officer. She was previously the VP of Clinical Product Strategy at Generation Health, where she oversaw the development of the company's clinical programs and data analytics platform.
Nicole Noonan, Esq., CEO of Novitas US, is a nationally recognized divorce expert.  Crowned the \Fairy Godmother of Divorce\ by the New York Post's Julia Marsh, Nicole is an advocate for the protection of women and their rights.



Focus on the rewards of being an entrepreneur. Feel the gratitude for the success you have. By keeping the fires of passion for what you do in your conscious awareness, you can prime the pump for success every day
Kelly Roberts graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Southern California and additionally earned a degree in law.  She is an entrepreneur who invests in Real Estate, apartments and other interesting businesses. Kelly is an equestrian and her hobbies include mixed martial arts and Pilates.
Maria Perez is the co-founder and Product Manager of Glassful. She earned her BFA at London College of Communication, UK. Her experience has included corporate Web Development Manager positions with several successful internet ventures.
It's up to you to be willing to connect with others that are aligned and supportive of your dream; those that are willing to ideate collectively to make the magic happen and enable your dream to come alive.
First, disco bit the dust. Then, punk rock keeled over. Now, peer-to-peer lending has been annihilated. Who murdered P2P? Wall Street.
Your customer service department is the most important. Here are four ways you can leverage your customer service team to effectively manage customer loyalty, build relationships and turn customers into fans.
That a famous young CEO is encouraging people of all ages to engage with books--any kind of books--is good thing. It demonstrates that even a busy executive with a household name recognizes the benefits of taking time out of his day to enjoy literature that provides a bit of reflection. It would be even more encouraging if he would add some classics to his list.
There's a new trend in the tech field and it involves entrepreneurs enjoying early retirement. While the idea certainly sounds appealing, it's not something that happens by chance. It takes careful strategizing and you'll need to make a plan.
These small, invitation-only congresses bring together Wealth, Politics, Business, and Government as well as Education and Disruptive Innovation and are a winning formula for stimulating growth, forging new partnerships, and in this case, the reinvention of industrial power.
The government is working on multiple fronts to build a better future by empowering their citizens to succeed in the new economy
The first person I featured in this series was Penn Alumnus Jon Youshaei, a Google Associate Product Marketing Manager, writer and intrapreneur (you can find the feature article here).



Your office d\u00e9cor has a direct bearing on your creativity at work. A dull office can mean dull performance; a bright office can bring out brighter ideas and motivation. You might have to start out your career in a \boiler room\ setting, but as you progress in your field there's no reason you have to be stuck inside a tedious office.

Decisions individuals make cannot be necessarily managed by external factors; although, if ethical training helps individuals to understand and prepare for the internal factors that might be experienced while dealing with ethical dilemmas.
Hugging and touching someone, especially in a business setting, can oftentimes be misconstrued and lead to controversy or confusion. Before you go in for the big hug, consider the following seven tips.
Conventional wisdom has it that the knowledge worker will reign supreme well into the 21st century. The thing is, many aspects of \knowledge work\ are being replaced by technology, most notably artificial intelligence.

In this interview, let's see how his decision led into some of the most interesting experiences of his career including working for one of the most respected people in the advertising industry  - Sir Martin Sorrell.
Remember your customers are humans just like you. They want the most and the best for what they are paying. Within the bounds of your bottom line -- give it to them.
Pull up a list of your competitors' social media accounts and show your boss how large their social followings are compared to yours, and show them examples of how they are engaging with their fans and followers.
Your company may use social media but if the usage is neither strategic nor integrated, you may not really be hearing what your customers want. Therefore, you run the risk of failing to fulfill their value expectations.

While it is hard to imagine Apple making better cars and Coca Cola making better milk, anything is possible if the branding is done right. Both companies have big wallets and successful corporate brands.



Every December 31st, I quit my job. The next day I decide if I want to take the job again for the New Year. It helps me clear the noise and make sure I am 150 percent behind what I am doing and that it is how I want to spend the majority of my waking hours.
It's Friday as I write and brutally cold out there. As usual, I had so many, too many meetings and my brain is on overload trying to connect the dots of all the learning.
When I started to work with the sales team, I had a pre-training conference call to help them prepare for our work together. I gave them an assignment
The federal agency that investigates refinery catastrophes released its final report late last month on the massive fire, volatile vapor release and toxic smoke plume at Chevron's Richmond, Calif., refinery in 2012 that imperiled 19 workers and sickened 15,000 residents of surrounding communities.
Gene Simmons is a legend. There's no better way to put it. And in a recent interview on All Business with Jeffrey Hayzlett, I had the opportunity to sit down with the legend himself to learn more about his business.
With every important innovation comes resistance. The more meaningful the innovation, the more resistance you'll meet. And if you don't encounter any resistance, then you're likely doing it wrong
We live in a corporate environment that often places great importance on the \First In, Last Out\ philosophy. We hinder ourselves by getting sucked into inefficient work-wormholes and placing competitive pressure on our peers and ourselves. This danger is self-fabricated, our professional Achilles heel.
Inna Marzan is the definition of the american dream. Born in Russia during very trying times, her family moved a few times and ultimately ended up in the U.S., where her parents hoped to provide a better more stable life for their daughters.
Donna Moyer is the CEO and co-founder of Preferred HealthStaff, an in home care franchise that goes beyond the traditional services. Moyer has decades of experience in the health care industry.

Directors need to have passion for the organization's mission. However, they also need to have the prudence to help the nonprofit board perform with professionalism.
Heinz and Tabasco launched their own versions of the hot sauce.
Hard times are here for many hard working Americans. Today we must adapt to the industrious ethic and shrewd decision-making it takes to get by. But adaptivity takes knowledge, skill and practice. Most of us get stuck in our chronic ways of responding to challenges at work and therefore miss opportunities to get things done and build stronger relations.
Jayna Cooke, CEO and Partner at EVENTup is distinguished as being one of the most successful sales and business development professionals in technology startups over the past decade. Growth hacking and \just getting it done\ are her specialties.
Jenny Q. Ta is the founder and CEO of Sqeeqee, the first-of-its-kind social networthing\u2122 site.  Launched in 2014, the site gives individuals, businesses, celebrities, politicians, and non-profit organizations the ability to monetize their profiles in unprecedented ways.
There are opportunities found in every mishap, especially when it cost you big bucks. Get creative by trying to solve your problem without expending a lot of cash. In the beginning, I spent thousands, upon thousands of dollars doing it the wrong way.



Although home prices are rising faster in urban neighborhoods, population is growing faster in suburban neighborhoods. Consumer preferences and the aging of the population are tailwinds for suburban growth; so are falling oil prices if they stay low long-term.

Good marketing follows certain universal truths. To succeed in an increasingly skeptical and fragmented marketplace, therefore, it behooves marketers to learn and apply these universal truths to marketing their products. One of the most important \truths\ is the \power of three.\
Hard as it may be for its legion of economic, political and media critics (and even some of its own members) to accept, the most recent bullish jobs report from the Labor Department looks like a ringing endorsement of Federal Reserve policies and perspectives on the economy.
Sometimes we are so focused on our own beliefs that we forget that the only reason we are in business is because of other people. This is a humble reminder to take the time to get to know the people who are your customers and employees.
Don't get too used to it. Unless I'm terribly wrong -- and oil prices have a way of making prognosticators pay -- we're going to see the end of this price slide very soon.
The Bank of Canada would be wise to consider the future we're heading towards. For a petro-economy such as Canada's, where the energy industry and the country's economic well-being are closely linked, the financial risks associated with the pending battle against climate change are much greater than any cyclical downturn in oil prices.
For years people have been running around Washington yelling that the United States was at risk of becoming Greece. There may actually be a basis for such concerns, but not for the reason usually given.
The future of work calls for an overhaul of business and work design. Each company's needs are different, but the overall trend is moving away from 20th-century hierarchies to a wirearchy -- leveraging the power of networks and communities to organize work and responsibilities.

In light of the recent debates on tiered access to broadband service and whether telecommunication companies have the right to charge both content providers and home users (as well as the federal government's evolving stance on the issue) I sat down with Eric Brach.
When you trade, do you place market orders, limit orders or a combination of both?  Do you or should you care?  The answer is yes, you should care, particularly in today's volatile markets, and this article explains why.
The Boomers are being considered the most valuable generation in the history of marketing, and as they age, smart brands will find a way to deliver now-stalgia 
Sports consumption is inherently personal, and ESPN has leveraged this to provide greater relevance for their user and a greater audience for their own content.
\Seat of the pants\ decision-making accounts for 90 percent of an organization's frontline actions, while 10 percent reflects their stated strategic intent. Therefore, those in the organizational frontline trenches might be forgiven for wondering
When just starting out as a new or even inexperienced leader, it is smart to accept that you probably will make some mistakes. Even though it's difficult, dare to show your vulnerability and be open towards your team that this might happen.
Good news
If you're focused on the profit of your work, things are only good when there's a profit. But, if you're passionate about the purpose of your work, you can always look in the mirror and be proud of your day.
When crude oil prices sank this winter, companies scaled back their fracking plans in the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale deposit, running from central and southeast Louisiana into Mississippi. Exploration and drilling is mostly on hiatus there until crude rebounds, industry members said last week.
Boardmember.com in its October 11, 2012 issue carries an op-ed item by Nathan Bennett and Stephen Miles titled, \Is your Board About to Pick the Wrong CEO.\ Although targeted to for-profit boards, all of the five items listed can be applied to nonprofit boards. Following are my applications to nonprofit boards.
Sarah DaVanzo is a cultural strategist, trendspotter and futurist to the world's leading brands and advertising agencies. She is trail-blazing the development of a new marketing specialty called \cultural strategy\, where she is researching, designing and piloting cultural insights and cultural strategy methodologies. She has three patents.
We Tie The Knots co-founder Christyn Wilkins thrives on the rewarding feeling of \creating something out of nothing.\ The desire to be a pioneer--the first to do something and break traditional boundaries--were early indicators that this Georgia-raised entrepreneur with a knack for entertaining, would one day launch a business of her own.
When I started out, an author friend warned me that publishing was a crazy business, and he was right.  Ever since my first book was published in 1990, I've been seeing news items about one scary trend or another.
Most successful bloggers are not only great storytellers. They know the best and most effective tools of the trade too.
In pricing loans used to purchase a home, lenders distinguish three possible uses of the property. Mortgages used to purchase a house that the purchasers intend to occupy as their primary residence get the best price.
Fortunately, bounce rates can be reduced. There are several common content problems that turn users away, and understanding them can help you improve your content to retain the greatest possible audience.
Every business is different, so keep your head in the game, and make sure what is best for your business isn't only a factor of your perceived bottom line.
I have been examining the CFPB tool to see how well it meets this challenge, and will report on it next week. This article lays the groundwork by looking at the different sources of rate differences.
Asha Sharma is the Chief Operating Officer of Porch.com. In this role Asha is responsible for building a truly great company that employees and customers love and achieves the company's mission.

Betsy Myers is the founding director of The Center for Women and Business at Bentley University. Prior to her appointment, Myers was a senior adviser to Barack Obama's presidential campaign, as COO and as chair of Women for Obama.
The re-shuffle of the last U.S. election that put austerity-minded Republicans in power has ironically resulted in a new anti-austerity economist being hired by Senator Bernie Sanders in the Senate Budget Committee.

The sharing economy is on the rise. We've seen a big shift in the markets of public transportation and accommodation because of the likes of Uber and Airbnb respectively.
Thinking like the janitor can have a profound impact on how you are viewed as a leader. This shift in perception can simultaneously increase morale and overall productivity, which leads to an increase in profits.
Women are still most definitely outsiders in places that matter, not least in finance. And we saw last fall what a Wall Street outsider can uncover, just the latest woman in finance to blow the whistle.
Here are several potential referral systems to spark you to think about how you can design a formalized referral system (or systems) to help you grow your business.  The key is that these are systematic, automatic, reliably run processes that you use to generate referral business versus \one off\ individual efforts.
The idea of a philanthropic landlord is a mind-bending oxymoron. But the man who turned commercial real estate into a tool for philanthropy says the basic concept is simple.
Experts provide these eight tips for making sure your workplace inbox doesn't get you shoved out the door -- or at least doesn't make your colleagues want to immediately delete your emails.
To engage employees and inspire them to become ambassadors for your brand, approach them as you would your most valued consumers.
Social media engagement is, still, often not the default approach for many companies, organisations and governments, but by having robust processes and networks in place early and the social-by-default instincts ready, they can maintain their place in the conversations that otherwise go on around them.
New technology that lets us pay for things with our phones sounds pretty amazing, right? It's convenient. It's easy to use. It could revolutionize the way we pay for things, making cash and credit cards obsolete. So now that the technology is here, everyone should be clamoring to use it, right?
Frustrated that the only opportunity you have to travel is during your daily commute to work? Bored of your monotonous 9-to-5? There's a new wave of female entrepreneurs proving that it is possible to combine a successful career with full time travel.
Are you cluttered or creative if your desk looks like an F5 tornado rumbled through? HR managers in the U.S. are split on their attitudes toward messy desks at the office.
On Sunday, when 3,800 members of the United Steelworkers (USW) walked off their jobs at nine oil refineries across the country (including two in my home state of California), it marked the first national oil refinery strike in more than three decades, going all the way back to 1980.  Congratulations, USW.  With this strike, organized labor is finally showing signs of life.
Let's face it, you don't typically get hired so you can be nice. You get hired to get things done. This is especially true as you climb higher up the corporate ladder.
Leslie Jones might have appreciated the comments of ESPN's Colin Cowherd in defense of Pete Carroll the day after the Super Bowl. He spoke movingly about the inability for anyone to be perfect at all times yet the ease and ability of so many others to expect it. He gave Carroll a pass.
Au revoir, RadioShack.
Big Business, you know who you are, you've really let us down. But, you haven't just let me down, I could handle that. Instead, you are letting down a whole bunch of people.
Three consumer brands helped dads and kids score a touchdown on Super Bowl Sunday. Nissan, Toyota, and Dove Men+Care focused their annual Super Bowl campaigns on celebrating dads.
Becoming more open, more free, is always a risk to a democracy. And by democracy, I don't mean simply giving residents of a fascist regime some voting mechanisms as we've seen in the Middle East and elsewhere, I mean creating the open pathways of expression that are the hallmarks of a truly free society.
Within a matter of minutes, GoDaddy went from having a carefully crafted Super Bowl spot to having a major PR disaster. By moving quickly, GoDaddy limited the damage. This is how brand managers need to approach marketing today.
The Public Interest has been tarnished, stained and harmed and it is time for a course correction of oversight, accurate data, investigations and enforcement of the laws. It is time to not only re-evaluate the public policies that govern communications services in America, but fix what's broken -- finally.
In the old days, every entrepreneur dreamed of easily taking their startup public, and making it big. Today the rate of startups going public (IPO -- Initial Public Offering) is up from the dead zone, but is still less than half the rate of 15 years ago. Smart entrepreneurs now avoid this option like the plague.
They say it is hard to repeat as Super Bowl champion but in the weight loss Super Bowl, I plan to rack up two in a row. Then a lifetime after that.
There's a \secret\ just for entrepreneurs that top financial consultants are eager to share
Process directors are well-intentioned, sincere individuals. However, the board has to be careful that these directors don't allow the board to continually examine one angle after another until they lose sight of the board's main job.
Jan Jones Blackhurst is Executive Vice President of Communications, Government Relations and Corporate Responsibility for Caesars Entertainment. In this capacity, she oversees all worldwide government affairs, corporate communications, community relations and corporate-social responsibility programs for the entire company.
Dawn Fotopulos is the associate professor of business at The King's College,  the founder of BestSmallBizHelp.com and author of Accounting for the Numberphobic
When we contrast Super Bowl ads with normal ads we learn a powerful business lesson
Stacy Doren joined the company in 1999 and currently serves as the Vice President of Marketing for Levi's Brand, Americas. Over the years she has gained a breadth of experiences working in all aspects of Marketing from Direct-to-Consumer to Wholesale to Brand, both Globally and Regionally.
La Mer was established in 2001 when Martine rummaged through her jewelry drawer and could not find a simple, stylish and feminine watch to wear. Combining her passion for design, love of quality materials and simple beauty, La Mer Collections was born.

Have you ever been frustrated that your staff has ignored the step-by-step systems you created to lead them through a defined process? Well maybe the problem isn't with your staff, but instead it lies with how you packaged the process you created.

Finally, just a few months ago, Tavenner said of the website that we should expect \visible improvement, but not perfection.\ That is the sort of humility we should have been hearing all along.

The year 2015 may yet produce solid returns for investors in US stocks.  However, it's looking more and more likely that TINA (\There Is No Alternative\), more than any other factor, will be responsible rather than strong earnings growth.




Here's more evidence that the economic recovery isn't benefitting the people who need it most
Live beats visual beats audio beats written. Move up the communication chain as much and as frequently as you can and leverage different tools across different senses to bridge the remaining gaps.
Every one of us has a strong bias to remember events in a light that is most favorable to us. This drill exposes that bias and makes us consider the possibility that someone else's perspective is closer to the truth.
Star Jones is President of Professional Diversity Network. A former Senior District Attorney for the City of New York, she previously served as an NBC News Legal Correspondent and Analyst over the last two decades. From 1997 to 2006, she was co-host of ABC's hit daytime show The View.
What is the billionaire media magnate trying to tell us?

On Jan. 28, 2015, the Senate Judiciary Committee opens two days of hearings to consider President Obama's nomination of Loretta Lynch to be Attorney General of the United States. Here are some questions that senators should ask to make sure that size no longer shields a company from the rule of law.

To click with customers in a way that sticks with them, think of every interaction as the ultimate first impression. If your brand was at a party, would people be drawn and completely engrossed in conversation, or would they be hiding behind the bean dip?

Not everyone is aware of the consequences that a quick up-or-down vote on the 12-nation Pacific Rim trade deal will bring. It will devastate not only wage earners, but their families as well.




Applicants with plenty of equity in their homes might find that the fully-funded Set-Aside imposes no burden on them at all, in which case the underwriting costs could be avoided. There is no reason why lenders and borrowers should not have that option.
The end of a months-long slide in gas prices may be near.
Jean Shafiroff, philanthropist, is actively involved as a volunteer fundraiser and leader of several charitable causes. Her managerial skills, compassion, generosity and enthusiastic dedication are among her strongest traits.
Perhaps it was destiny that Linda would come to be a creative director. Raised in an artistic collaboration between her parents, a French fashion designer and an Italian Pastry Chef, she was exposed to line, drama, precision and movement before she could hold a crayon.
What's the main formula for career growth and advancement? While there's no one-size-fits-all formula, Faizolhardi Zubairy, Head the Digital Media at PETRONAS Dagangan Berhad, shares his journey.
According to the IRS one in every four eligible taxpayers do not claim their Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC). This often overlooked tax credit is also one of the largest credits available to taxpayers. This year, the maximum EITC is $6,143 and that is a LOT of money to leave on the table.



Our world is ready for this. It might be easy to say \not now,\ but shouldn't we be looking for the moonshot idea that will make travel more secure and more accessible?

Kimberly Gordon is CEO & co-founder of Depict. An artist at heart with the grey matter of an economist, she started Depict to crack open the visual art world to people and provide increased economic value to artists. On a day-to-day basis, Kimberly is responsible for the development, execution and overall strategy and vision of the company.


Putting in place a new settlement on trust will not be easy. It will take time, commitment, hard work and investment.
Putting in place a new settlement on trust will not be easy. It will take time, commitment, hard work and investment.


Rather than fixate on recent history and extrapolate it into the future, you must abandon this natural tendency. And as I said earlier you also need to analyze the conditions that allowed for those returns to see whether they are still relevant to today's market.
Since America is not immune to the impact of global economic and political trends, it may not be the case that the current rosy growth projections will ultimately be realized.
When it comes to achieving your potential at work, are you making success harder than it needs to be? Researchers estimate that two-thirds of us have no idea what our strengths are, and yet a growing body of evidence suggests developing our strengths at work is key to unleashing our personal and professional success.
According to the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, it's illegal to robocall a mobile phone number without permission. The American Bankers Association wants to change that, arguing that robocalls will help fight identity theft and other kinds of fraud.
In today's connected world where kids may text each other even when they are walking side by side, the age old charm of conversations over coffee still hold its relevance.
There is a story of catatonic patients who briefly wake up after being injected with a trial drug, before returning to catatonia. The same awakening could be true for the gathering of elite business leaders every year in Davos at the World Economic Forum.


Nobody wants to be used. So your networks must benefit everyone involved. Service to others and sharing resources are the glue that holds networks together. My rule of thumb is to reach out to people in your network periodically.

Today, as a marketer, you're competing for customers' hearts and minds in the context of their newsfeeds, where they're getting the information that they care most about -- friend's messages and topics they've chosen to follow.
Remember to \Make It Visual\ if you want your audience to remember the information about your company's products or services. You don't have to be a professional designer either.
Don't just think of Russian troops in Ukraine. Think also of North Korean hackers pillaging the Sony computer systems. In 2015 conflict can take many forms.

A question that comes up frequently is, \What makes a great million dollar candidate?\ So here are three attributes that hiring companies and Executive Recruiters look for in \A\ (the best) candidates.
Much has been said about Omni-Channel being retail's most recent disruptive boost.  The approach, which leverages the power of technology and data to deliver consumers products and services across channels, has made retailers smarter and more nimble.
After competing in the 2014 Olympic Winter Games, Grete turned to another passion of hers -- the security space -- joining the Wickr team as head of marketing efforts for the company.

The start of another year -- a great time to check on the state of your mindful leadership practice! At the Institute we talk about three key practices we employ to develop our focus, clarity, creativity, and compassion.
The boutique approach presented here combines the advantages and attractiveness of an independent advisory boutique. The boutique benefits from the organization, strength, influence and reach of a major bank.

Business owners and top executives can also \watch their tapes\ and gain insight from their stats in order to increase sales and make more money. But a recent survey by Pepperdine University finds that a third or more of small businesses aren't doing basic financial analysis.
What if we are going about jump-starting our own economy the wrong way? I'm not talking about any political party. I'm talking about our modest sensibilities
You take yourself to the gym... so why not strengthen your leadership \muscles\ too? Coaching executives and aspiring leaders across many roles, industries and geographies over many years, I've prepped for you a quick-hit list of 15 exercises to help build your leadership muscles.



Across industries, across geographies, and across all demographics, companies are no longer winning consumer love against category competitors. Today the battle for consumer loyalty is against companies in any category that define excellent service, lightning fast responses, and bespoke experiences.
Elizabeth Scherle is the Co-Founder and President of Influenster, the free and unique digital community of consumers shaping the lifestyle marketplace through user-generated, expert social opinion and content.

Fundraising should be a joint responsibility between the CEO and board members who are comfortable with the process. At the very least, each board member should feel responsible to provide leads and introductions to potential funding sources.

\u201cOur focus is on creating a global communications system that would be larger than anything that has been talked about to date.\
Do you think we should throw tipping out the door? Or is it essential to keep your restaurant running? Here's what you need to know about the debate on tipping.
To be truly hated, a company must alienate a large number of people.
To be truly hated, a company must alienate a large number of people.
Cynics will point out that while Aetna may be a first mover in the health care industry, the total cost of Bertolini's announcement is chump change.  Aetna's profits weigh in at about $2 billion per year.
\u201cYou have Sears trying to swoop in and prey on the emotions of people who just lost their jobs.\u201d

Lauren Bigelow has served as the CEO of the Growth Capital Network (GCN) since 2010. With this platform, Lauren and her team have managed programs for the innovation and entrepreneurial community including the Accelerate Michigan Innovation Competition, the Midwest Greentech Entrepreneur Academy and the Midmarket Capital Survey.
A certified holistic nutritionist, health coach and entrepreneur, Ginny Simon founded ginnybakes in 2010 creating outrageously delicious fresh baked cookies, brownies, biscotti, bars and do-it-yourself bake mixes that are gluten-free, organic, non-GMO, vegan, paleo and kosher.
Successful entrepreneurs often start with a \random\ idea, but they quickly focus their efforts and follow a \system\ to organize their startup and maximize the clout of their activities. Too many entrepreneur \wannabes\ never get past the idea stage, or strike out randomly in many directions.

There's a new crop of apps intensifying competition among brick-and-mortar retailers by giving consumers a faster means of comparison and more advanced personalization. What this means is that businesses have to deal with the linear change of ever-increasing consumer options.
The common justification of the control freak is they want to make sure everything is as good or as successful as possible. It's one thing to be concerned and make sure things go well.
The hottest fast food chain in the country has been out of a key menu item for four days at hundreds of its restaurants.
The market reaction was brutal, punishing the Euro and every foreign exchange and options trader on the wrong side of this trade. Some forex trading firms will go under. Foreign exchange trading desks within banks are, of course, part of ongoing unwilling taxpayer largesse.

Developing a marketing strategy for any small business is a difficult task. Each industry has its own requirements when it comes to reaching out to customers, and that is no different for home maintenance companies.
We are seeing an amazing evolution around how we work, how we lead and how we structure our companies.
Welcome to 2015 -- now is a good time to examine the financial changes that will impact you in the days ahead. And it's mostly good news -- some of these changes can put more money in your pocket in 2015.
When I look to align myself with the concept of success I see revealed in nature, a much different analogy comes to mind. It is that of the life of a rose. It seems to me that the rose has won its place in the Winner's Circle because it has so much to teach us.
\u201cWe would rather not serve pork at all, than serve pork from animals that are raised in this way.\u201d
Sales results are about two things
SEO. Social Media. Content marketing. They are all popular forms of marketing to drive traffic. Even so, if you think that you have all of your bases covered, if you are not yet leveraging the power of growth hacking, you are leaving a portion of your customer base untapped.
Microsoft's Dynamics product is a line of enterprise resource planning and customer relationship management software applications. Not exactly the type of content you'd search for on YouTube. But the product line's creative marketing team has been able to get viewers to do just that.
Focusing on where our humanity intersects with data is the future of work.  Bringing the human element back into work will inevitably pay off in the bottom line as well. Reclaiming that is what all companies and individuals need to focus on in our world today.
The complete elimination of email is highly unlikely, at least for the foreseeable future, however some companies are embarking on a journey to do just that, at least for internal communication and collaboration purposes.
Leaders think strategically, understand the critical link between focus and clarity, and appreciate the value of time. So fewer and fewer are inclined to let others waste their time. Brevity has become a basic communication skill for professionals. Here are six best practices as a leader:
When you've tried so hard to address team members' emotional hurdles to accepting change and walked them through how to apply the change to their work situation, your blood can start boiling when you still don't see the desired results.
The coffee you depend on to start your day is even more complex and nuanced than you realize.
Late last year I reached out to some folks from the world of marketing and advertising and asked them not just for their prediction for the coming year, but to also align said prediction with a pop culture reference in the form of a song title, song lyric, movie title or movie quote.
I believe crowdfunding can transform (and improve!) venture and other \private market\ investing in a number of ways.
Serve that burger with a side of cleavage, and the crowds come pouring in.
The human genius has come to the rescue and has practically put a nail in the coffin by creating technology that has Wall Street more frightened than ever.

Facebook-promoted posts helped Loessfest 2014 in Council Bluffs, Iowa beat attendance goals by driving website traffic, raising awareness and reinforcing messaging through traditional radio promotion.
Consider these investing facts, which may cause you to dump your \market-beating\ broker, fundamentally change the way you invest and increase the possibility of reaching your goal of retiring with dignity.
I guess someone hasn't been paying close attention to the uncommon customer lately. C'mon marketers, it's time to re-write the luxury brand manual - please.
As the New Year ushers in a time for us to reflect on our past, it also allows us to think about ways to refresh our minds with new, creative ideas.
Under American law, criminal prosecutions serve dual, mutually reinforcing purposes
When it comes to the issue of \minority rights,\ thoughts immediately wander to race, gender, age, or sexual preference.  In the state of Texas, there is a different type of minority rights battle at stake and the war over it went all the way to the Texas Supreme Court.

The successful convergence of context, content and targeting involves moving away from traditional segmentation, that forces people into static buckets, and towards technology that gets to know people better. This will seriously impact how marketers think about their customers and audiences.
The word magic takes me down memory lane, watching magic shows as a child was a roller coaster of delight, curiosity, wonderment, surprise and intrigue -- all rolled into one. For me, magic is a personal experience to cherish and the kid in me was overjoyed to observe its cross over to the professional side -- thanks to Steve Jobs.
Niki Acosta is the Director of Evangelism at Metacloud, a company that delivers private infrastructure as a service based on the popular and open source cloud platform, OpenStack. As an active OpenStack participant, tweeter, and blogger, she has become a recognized name in the cloud industry.
As the first employee and only female partner at 72andSunny, Evin is a pillar of the agency and has led its evolution since Day 1.

Christine Wheeler is the founder and CEO of Drazil Foods, which produces Drazil Kids Tea, the first ready-to-drink herbal tea & juice blend for kids.  Christine spent most of her career in Consumer Packaged Goods, mainly at Procter & Gamble.
As President of Rosetta Stone's Global E&E division since October 2011, Judy is responsible for all institutional business across all geographies.  Judy has extensive experience across business, government, education and consumer sectors in technology, education and communications industries.

Successful leaders need also to be excellent storytellers, for if they do not successfully tell their own story and control the narrative, then the press, their costumers or their competitors surely will.


A successful career is a difficult and time-consuming journey. My hope is that these principles will help you avoid a few bumps along the way.
CEOs and business owners often come to me for advice on doing a business makeover -- or, as it's called in the business world, a turnaround. One of the first things I do is show them the work of my wife.
Most people that start meditating do it for the materialistic versus spiritual reasons. I know I did. It astounds me to this day the amount of business success that is attributed to meditation, and more importantly, the lessons you can apply directly to the business world.
The Sony Hack was not even one of the ten largest hacks of 2014. Though large, it actually only ranks as the 33rd largest of the year in terms of number of records breached. EBay actually suffered the largest data breach of 2014 (and the second largest since 2005) with more than 150 million records compromised.
Do you ever find yourself wondering why you can't seem to uplevel your lifestyle and surrounds as fast as you wish you could?
In a time-tested CIO article, Stephanie Overby wrote, \When the first wheel was rolled out in 3000 B.C., just a handful of Mesopotamians had enough insight and risk tolerance to give it a whirl while others looked on from a safe distance.\ And today, the same phenomenon exists.
You can often adapt good ideas from the most surprising industries. For example, I have a friend who likes to read webcomics in his spare time, and he's always complaining because his favorite comics grind to a halt while the artists have to deal with life's unexpected curves.
In our digital world, there is something magical about getting a stamped letter with our name written on the front. The best part is that with the right supplies, the entire process takes less than five minutes.
As a telecom analyst for over 30+ years, I've been tracking the trend lines of communications services. And from the customer perspective -- your perspective -- 2015 will be like watching a train wreck in slow motion -- and continue over the next few years.
By following your passion, you'll be able to find yourself in a situation where you don't have to choose between your career and lifestyle but be able to enjoy both.
Whether it's a fear of putting yourself forward or not wanting to be seen as bragging, the idea that promoting yourself is a bad thing is at odds with the reality that people are looking for thought leaders and role models.
When unemployment, illness or a divorce force consumers to choose between paying the rent or a student loan, private loan servicers insist on full payment. So begins the chronic slide into bad credit, nasty collection calls, and eventual lawsuits.
In any country, but most of all China, anxiety is unproductive. Although the jury is still out on the Chinese government's incremental reform agenda, the people support their leader. And regard him as a force of stability.
I don't mean that work doesn't exist and that we should all just drop what we are doing and quit our jobs. In fact, far from it.
Pick an element of what it means to be successful and W. Brett Wilson has likely achieved it. He is one of Canada's most financially successful and well-known businessmen, he is an Order of Canada recipient, a best-selling author, and former television star of Dragon's Den, the Canadian hit series precursor to ABC's Shark Tank.
To truly lead in the world and create the results you want in all areas of your life, it will require you to create conscious shifts and become the leader of your future.
The silver lining in this is that the brands that have minor to tremendous success will double or triple down on content marketing. The overall content marketing economy will continue to grow, even though some laggard and late majority brands will bow out.
New year, new outlook. The flipping of the calendar from 2014 to 2015 gives us all a chance to reboot and rethink. So why not take a fresh look at your blog? Here are nine tips that'll put your blog on the right track in 2015 and beyond.
Without question, LinkedIn has forever altered the business landscape -- both digitally and in the physical world. Nowadays, so much of what we call business or career development is carried out regularly on this site.
Contractual \fine print,\ frequently called boilerplate, involves so-called standardized provisions that may surprise a party to the contract or are considered to unfairly favor a party. Based upon the specific facts, one or more of the following legal challenges to fine print may be successful.
Instead of spending more time and money on keeping pay information secret, how about administering pay correctly so that there is nothing that needs to be kept secret?
Whenever you read articles on becoming financially fit, you read about budgets, planning, monitoring and other boring crap. Worry not, I won't mention any of these terms.
Not long ago, a sale needed some sort of human interaction -- even with the web. Now, from fact-finding to brand-relationship building, your customers rely on the Internet to do it all.
By the time \trends\ get mentioned in new year forecast blog posts, they can be a little more \old\ than \news.\ Though forward motion is always worth celebrating, change usually happens more slowly.


Another plunge in the price of oil is driving stocks sharply lower in afternoon trading.
When it comes to all things related real estate, some real estate forecasters have labeled the housing market in 2015 to be nothing short of mysterious.
Lori sought a medical solution to help her lose weight and the solution caused her body to die. I've been fortunate that my weight loss surgery has been a success in its first month and that maybe the medical world has found a solution that works for people like me. The attempt with diet pills was definitely not the answer.
Looking to start or grow a small business and find some small measure of success? Be sure to keep the following five elements in mind as you go about drafting a game plan -- each essential to achieve your goals for the business.
The nonprofit's CEO, a baby boomer or genXer, is about to retire or leave for another position. The board has engaged a new CEO a millennial person born after 1980. * His/h age is probably late 30s or possibly early 40s. What changes can the board expect from this new professional?

\u201cHe told me, \u2018I love everything that\u2019s in your book, but I don\u2019t want to pay more tax.'\
As we dive into the new year with renewed vigor, stop for a moment and take stock of your habits.  Are you failing enough?  If all of your efforts are resulting in home runs, you might need to play a bigger game, a game based on your powerful identity.
Janell is the cofounder and managing director of Loxa Beauty. She began her career as \na project manager at Alt & Witzig Engineering in Indianapolis and after more than four years with the leading engineering firm in the Midwest, Shaffer took on the role as marketing manager of Vision Builders, LLC.

Class action lawyers have an incentive to win and to keep a case moving forward, but traditional law firms have done some first class work, too. Likewise, some class action law firms have mismanaged cases and floundered their way to a loss for their client.


Of all the buzzwords utilized in business today, innovation and disruption rank among the most popular. What you may be surprised to learn is that they also rank among the most widely misunderstood. Were you to look up either term's definition, you may be surprised what you'd find -- and the resulting implications.
When the bug bit her, Nawal Motawi's life changed forever. Armed with a BFA in Ceramics and Figure Sculpture from the School of Art & Design at the University of Michigan, she was glad to have a job with one of America's most renowned centers of its kind.
Growing up as the niece of Janis Joplin, Malyn Joplin accepted she had deep, significant roots in music history, but constantly struggled to find a deeper spiritual connection to her famous Aunt. A bold move out to California sparked a creative nerve in Malyn and drew her to fashion.
Channel your burst of New Year's enthusiasm by investing some time in building relationships with those you interact with on a daily basis. Your positive energy may have a ripple effect as your acts of kindness inspire others to do the same.
Aspiring leaders have a vision, which is divergent from the past. We certainly can extrapolate essential learnings from past leaders. Leaders though start movements, they change the status quo, they listen to consumers and they have a vision. Their vision requires followers.
By now, about 60 percent of the workforce is covered by minimum wages above the federal level. What with all these sub-national increases, do we even need a federal minimum wage anymore?
The new year is here. It is a point in time where many of us stop, reflect on the past year and see what changes could be made in the new year to make the next year better than the previous one. Here are three steps to consider if you want to create MAGIC in the new year.
In building successful businesses, I find that creating a new and innovative product or service is usually the easy part. The hard part is providing the leadership required to align and motivate all the constituents and players -- from engineers, to investors, vendors, and ultimately customers. Great entrepreneurs are not just idea people and then managers, they are extraordinary leaders.


What is the impact on American cultural and social relationships when we, as a nation, allow corporations to profit from incarcerating more and more of our very own citizens?
How has your life experience made you the leader you are today? \This is an ongoing process. I try hard to be 'always learning.'\
It's something of a disgrace to have to admit that things have been so bad for organized labor for such a long time, that unless something truly horrendous or headline-grabbing happens during a particular year, we tend not even to pay attention.
Many of you are saying to yourselves, -- \Hey, I am already there. I already have 500 connections.\ But let me be clear
We've all had New Year's resolutions that we've broken. One year, I resolved to learn how to touch-type instead of hunting and pecking for each key. How'd that turn out? I am hunting and pecking this right now. Another year, I vowed to take piano lessons; I didn't make it through January. Time and time again when I went for it alone, I'd get busy or just let it go. But the resolution I kept? Two years ago, I was with my childhood girlfriends for New Year's Eve and said I wanted to keep a journal of the milestones in my children's lives. One of them suggested that I share some of it with them every month. They held me accountable, cheering me on when I sent entries and reminding me when I fell behind. A year later, I was still going strong.
Unfortunately, if you are like many investors, your returns lagged the indexes. Here are some of the possible reasons. Knowing them can help you avoid making the same mistakes in the future.
Persistently sluggish economic growth in Europe and relentless recession in most of the continent's southern countries has stoked up dangerous political and social tensions within countries and between EU member states. Both developments are unsettling the European project.
As I've coached senior leaders in communication skills for the past three decades, I've had opportunity to observe 10 habits that set successful negotiators apart from their less-successful colleagues.
For social media to gain a foothold at a company, it needs a dedicated hub. That means a budget and individuals (whether internal or through vendors) who are accountable to social-specific goals.



Good financial journalism stands the test of time, and it is not a sprint; it's a marathon. Bloomberg News has broken story after story about global currency manipulation, bold collusion, and bank managers and crony regulators that continue to reap the rewards of unchecked malfeasance.
Leverage your strengths. Whether you are an executive onboarding into a new role, leading a turn around or just looking to accelerate value creation, the answer is almost always to focus on and leverage your existing strongest talents, knowledge, skills, capabilities.
The sudden dramatic collapse in the price of oil appears to be an act of geopolitical warfare against Russia. The result could be trillions of dollars in oil derivative losses; and the FDIC could be liable, following repeal of key portions of the Dodd-Frank Act last weekend.
Dear Mr. Schultz, I want to suggest a way you can improve your bottom line while giving your customers a chance to give.
How do you pick just one resolution for the new year? Exercise more? Save more money? Spend more time with family? The list of potential resolutions is quite overwhelming.
What resonates with any of us in the content we consume, is the same thing that attracts us to another human being when we are looking for love or companionship.
This year the term reputation was everywhere. It was no longer primarily reserved for corporations and the corporate domain.
This year, viewers were treated to memorable spots with all forms of wit and creativity, featuring everything from the Super Bowl, to the Olympics, to Mother's Day.
In 2014, we identified more questions than answers about the value of social media relationships. Let's hope this is the year that SEO thinking, reasonable data privacy expectations, and clear data and methods move us forward.
Louisa brings the skills of over 20 years in non-profit leadership, education, journalism and public relations to HDRF.  She has led the development efforts of several major non-profits including American Ballet Theatre, Theatre for a New Audience, and the American Associates of the Royal Academy Trust.
Anna Carroll, MSSW, through EverydayFeedback.com, specializes in workplace trends and training. In her recent book, The Feedback Imperative

In the last article about broadband I supplied a list of the \video dialtone\ deployments that were filed at the FCC by what are now AT&T, Verizon and Centurylink to upgrade the utility copper networks and replace these wires with fiber optics wires -- which never happened.
Is it true that companies trying to manufacture in America, workers, communities and environmentalists need the President to explain their interests to them, as if 25 years of lived experience with NAFTA-style trade deals haven't been sufficiently clear?
Shut down your laptop and listen to your staff member.  Leave your phone in the pocket of your coat when you hand it over to the host at your next social gathering.  See what it's like to be all the way present with people.


Jeni Garrett was only 21 years old when she opened the first Woodhouse Day Spa in Victoria, TX. Garrett developed an early affinity for business. Growing up on a ranch in southeastern Texas, she began buying and selling cattle when she was only 14.
Natalie Lehr is director of analytics at TSC Advantage. With more than 15 years of experience as an intelligence professional, Natalie's expertise spans both the government and commercial sectors.

Trying to be a business leader by instilling fear in your employees and partners is never a good approach, but it is particularly devastating in a startup. Yet I see this approach used all too often by new entrepreneurs, most of whom are not natural tyrants, but who are fighting to mask their own internal fears and insecurities about starting a business.

It's a common emerging theme -- unleashing products for a holiday in an accelerated non-sequential order (with so much Christmas stimuli in stores in November I often found myself wondering what happened to Thanksgiving) -- but who is causing and reinforcing this trend?

The president/CEO designation calls for a trusting relationship with the board based on mutual respect, drawing from the symbolism that he or she is the operating link between board and staff.
There is no limit to the amount of times you can reinvent yourself so be open to change and stay alert for the opportunity to do so. Write stuff down - inspiration never comes when it's convenient so capture it wherever you can.
If you're making contributions to retirement plans and you don't have these three things dealt with properly, then temporarily stopping those investments is an important part of getting your finances in order.
Retailers are expected to just meet industry sales forecasts.

It's not about changing your life, your job. It's about making space by un-cluttering your schedules; it's about accumulating less and focusing on the quality of your time and concentrating on doing a little more of the things you really enjoy; the things that matter.



The minimum wage is going up in 21 states.
Is it time for us to rethink how we perceive the global middle class? Currently, more than half of the world's middle class population can be found in the Western world. However, recent reports and studies have consistently shown that the global share of the middle class is shifting.
Research on employee engagement and productivity continues to return to the basic health of each employee as an indicator for how engaged they could be on the job. In this part we are going to take it a step further and look at how to find and hire the right people, and how to help them succeed.
Our world needs a new type of leader who is courageous, selfless, humble, innovative and remarkably effective. We desperately need leaders who have a vision and passion for creating new market opportunities and a better future not just for themselves but also for society at large.
When access to care and population health of a distressed community are on the line, urban hospitals like BMC can and should look outside of traditional negotiation tactics to fulfill their role in serving their community. If they do not, we may not have the ERs to meet the newly insured population.
Since many traditional Democratic constituencies strongly oppose these deals it is reasonable to ask why the Obama administration is so intent on pushing them. The answer is simple
Design improvements are usually implemented incrementally, even granularly. Over time, however, the look and feel of advertising can evolve significantly when based on data that fuel content optimization
People with disabilities can use more programs like PATF's that prepare them for life and the workforce Passage of the ABLE Act is a movement in the right direction, as could be adjustments to IDAs and other anti-poverty programs that permit people with disabilities to participate in them on their way to greater independence.

Oil prices have plunged recently, affecting everyone
How can you use what you learned in 2014 to help you end the year the right way and improve your business in the year ahead? Here's a checklist to help you boost profits, trim budgets and streamline your company for 2015.
You've got to start with your heart. Go deep and get to know yourself. Learn about your unique identity. See the labels the world has slapped on you and let them go. Organize your life so that it works for YOU.
Lois Liberman has extensive experience advising clients in all aspects of matrimonial law at Blank Rome. She is a seasoned litigator and trial attorney, and has been a frequent guest on television

Liliane Stransky is the President and Founder of the Step by Step Foundation, a Florida-based charity that helps communities and children in need around the world.
It is both unfair and inaccurate to place all of the blame for unemployment solely on job seekers. Employers are less than perfect, too. In the current job market, technology has changed many of the \standard\ practices. So it's a new ball game for both employers and job seekers.




Sure, we need people to handle the details and make sure the workflow process works smoothly. The problem emerges when they become interested in the process for its own sake, rather than as a productivity tool.
Success is your net-worth. Your net-worth not being your financial possessions, but your net-worth being the number of lives you've changed. So maybe even instead of calling it just being your \net-worth,\ it's also called your \network.\
With an economy that has basically stood still for more than half a century, it's often difficult to tell the difference between a present-day photo of Cuba and one that is decades old.
Unless you go into the new year with a new you resolution, you're going to keep doing the same thing and expecting different results -- and as Albert Einstein said, that's the definition of insanity. No wonder the vast majority fail.
I found myself glancing up at the register each time I heard it. When a smiling cashier asked if I like to donate, I felt like the small boy in The Polar Express, craving the sound of the ringing bell...and the claps, too.
When someone tells me they are too busy at work to attend my Christmas Party, I hear, \You are not important to me Mark. My job is far more important than our relationship.\ Let me give you five good reasons to value your family and friends over your job.

Slowing down and going deep trumps speeding up and going crazy. Immersion trumps diversion. It's possible. Yes, it is. I have proof. And so do you, if only you would pause long enough to remember those extraordinary times when you unplugged and tuned in.
If you're put on a college waitlist, do you view that as a polite \no\ or an invitation to launch a campaign? If your buyer raises objections to your sales pitch, do you view that as the beginning of the end or a request for more information?
Most of us fundamentally believe if we show the vulnerable side of ourselves, our clients, employees and partners won't want to work with us and our business will be seen as a failure. This is completely and utterly untrue.
For those hesitating to embrace social, I've gathered lessons from five of these top influencers. Here are their tips for using social to have meaningful discussions in the biotech space.
The world of human resources changes fast. If your small business isn't on top of the trends, you could not only experience significant turnover, but also legal ramifications. It's important to know the current trends and legal considerations.
A few weeks ago the crew and I from Behind the Brand made a road trip from LA and headed up North just past San Francisco to the little town of Petaluma in Sonoma County to visit the team from CamelBak.
Entrepreneurship is today's cool kid on the block. But, for me, the question is this
You, as corporate leaders, have been given an unprecedented advantage to show growth and results. Interest rates are historically low and corporate cash positions strong. The masses know it, and they are expecting fireworks.


Right now is the time to re-evaluate your marketing in terms of the new expectations your customers have developed in the past 6 months.

To empower your staff by putting policies in place to end workplace bullying will improve your company on every level, including profits. Don't waste one more minute.

The U.S. will never prohibit stores from opening on Sunday. But after this past Thanksgiving, it does feel that the scales have tipped away from holding anything sacred --- or even special.
Judging from the vast literature on dysfunctional nonprofit boards and organizations (my own posts included!) one might conclude that the majority of nonprofits are struggling, strategically incompetent and/or in crisis. I argue that this is not the case.
The person kicking ass in a negotiation might have ovaries, but that doesn't require her to smile sweetly and make sure everyone is okay with the outcome of the deal. She has an agenda, just like everyone else, and if her agenda wins, that does not make her a bitch, it makes her a success.
The explosion of digital platforms is causing many marketers to rethink how they engage with consumers. But sometimes in their hurry to embrace the digital world, companies often lose their way and forget the basic principles of good marketing and branding.
On Dec. 9, 2014, Verizon's CFO Francis Shammo was speaking at the UBS 42nd Annual Global Media & Communications Conference for investors and made a comment -- even if the networks were to be reclassified as \Title II\ in the Net Neutrality proceedings, it would not harm or influence investment.
Did you know that you could purchase Instagram followers for just a couple of bucks? Social networks are aware of this new phenomenon, and they are clamping down on this questionable practice because some believe it deceives fans.

However, just like any other marketing (digital or otherwise), success always boils down to relationships. Developing relationships with partner businesses... developing relationships with donors... and keeping those relationships going beyond the campaign.


Koren finds much of her design inspiration while exploring the rich cultural heritage of Americana.  Her motto, \cool is when vintage meets modern,\ permeates all of her hard work, positioning Hobo as America's foremost fun and funky accessories brand.
How do innovators transform new machines, molecules, and even melodies into multi-billion dollar value innovations - and break the rules of standard marketing in the process?
In a conversation about money, particularly when that conversation is geared towards the internal work you need to do to make money, it's very easy to ignore one big and REALLY important thing - if you want to make money you DO need to do the mother-freaking work!
if you don't want to actually find yourself SAYING \screw you and your opinion\ then you can keep at least SOME of your own opinions to yourself for now. Your partner is there to be your partner. If you need a coach, get a coach.
Please don't. Instead, let me offer you six ways to gain the relationship edge in business and life that don't require you to be a poser.  is what I recommend you do -- seek to help, give, assist, empower, and support.


Employing this many workers may make the company seem virtuous and altruistic, but the business model is not a model other companies should emulate.
Religion and politics are generally considered off-limits topics in business in America. So what do you talk about over lunch or dinner with your American counterparts?
NEVER keep clients in your community - even readers - whose energy you don't like. You don't have to be able to explain why, it's your business, your life.
One could see it as archaic. Maybe we no longer need trendspotters, when everything is changing all the time, and when everything else -- branding, marketing, behavior and lifestyle -- can adapt in real time. Trendspotting can be frustrating.
The holiday season is in full swing, and for many Americans that means just one thing
As we gain experience, our perspective matures, our insight into what is truly important, matures. But we can accelerate that; we should accelerate that. And it doesn't take shocks to the system to do that.
Maybe a day will come when \Where, Why and Who\ will be one and marketers will be able to apply one solution to solve their problems. However, that doesn't exist yet and we must be creative problem solvers to figure out the best way to open the floodgates.

People -- including your prospects and customers -- want to know that you care.  Show them you have an interest greater than the money they are exchanging for the service you're delivering.  It's about how you can positively impact their business, their customers and their lives.
In 2009, when the Great Recession really got rolling and layoffs were abundant, there was a silver lining. A lot of wannabe entrepreneurs got the kick in the pants they needed to start their business.
Home workers heed our warning. We've seen it happen ourselves.
Yes it's that time of year again, the season to be jolly.  So why might you be starting to feel a creeping sense of anxiety and even a little bit of dread? The truth is this time of year often finds most of us scrambling.  So what are the small changes you can make to help you flourish during this holiday season?


I'm not so na\u00efve or recalcitrant as to deny the fact that the surest way to wreck the American economy -- to take it from whatever point it sits at today and send it straight into the abyss -- is for us consumers to voluntarily go on a six-month austerity kick, a period during which we don't buy anything except stuff we actually \need.\
Too many businesses lunge toward the latest app or social media stunt without considering their identity as a brand, and how their media strategy works. In the process, consumers end up confused and detached.
Nonprofit board member interviewees were not included in the study. Obviously boards would need to approve the budgets to achieve these objectives. But boards have some major cultural restraints.
Recognizing her talent for matchmaking, Talia quit her full-time job and began hosting popular singles events and offering personalized matchmaking services. Three Day Rule was officially created in 2010, allowing Talia to turn her lifelong hobby of matchmaking into a business.
Katherine enjoys the creative vibe of the city as well as the expansive and endless vistas of the New Mexico landscape creating an inspiring and positive influence on her collection and one of a kind commissions
Want to innovate and know your competition? Launch a competitor within your own company. Yes, internally.
Businesses -- large and small -- are producing insanely one-sided contracts. In the past, you could find fair contracts. Most were short and simple, too. You do this and I do that. But now we've arrived at crazy. And these agreements are putting your business in jeopardy.
Whenever I ride adopting this body and soul approach, I forget about the rest of the things going on around me, and I experience a unique horse-rider performance and adventure. It is a mindful practice, in which the horse and I are in the present moment.
While any one month's results from these \high-frequency\ data should be taken with a grain of salt, I saw no obvious anomalies in the payroll data. Job growth was robust across industries, with almost 70 percent of private industries expanding.
Market Watch columnist Brett Arends wrote that China has surpassed America as the number one economy, a move he claims may lead to a collapse of U.S. political and military hegemony.  But does China truly have the strongest economy in the world?
Almost every large company understands that it needs to deal with ever-increasing external threats by continually innovating. To ensure their survival and growth, corporations need to keep inventing new business models. This challenge requires new organizational structures and skills.
It's almost impossible to stop yourself from procrastinating or wasting time if you are not engaging in activities that matter to you. And organizing your time around yourself is no easy task. You must take time, each and every day, to check in with yourself. Are you on track?


While asking for a raise may be a high-stress conversation, being on the receiving end isn't fun either.
Put another way
I have repeatedly sought comment from Caffee and his co-founder, Shaun Ritchie, including after reading Caffee's letter, and they have not responded.

After close to 30 years in consulting, we're proud to say we've worked with and for executives from some of the finest companies in the world. In many cases, these relationships have long outlasted the engagements that gave rise to them.

Many job seekers have told me how much they hate networking for their job search. They don't like meeting strangers, particularly when they (and the strangers) have \an agenda.\
Although I love this time of year for the time spent with family and friends around cozy fireplaces and dinner tables, I dread it for the post-holiday havoc it will play on the credit lives of many Americans.

Here is a summary of the conclusions we drew about the four barriers to scaling your company -- and how you can get through and past each one. You'll notice that each of these barriers is about your mindset first, and the business only second.
This is a development to watch - and one with many upside opportunities.  But right now it feels like a green rush, so be careful you don't get caught up in the weeds.
For the last five years or so, a tidal wave of inbound and content marketing adoption has roared through the marketing community. The digital ministry of propaganda (people like me) has helped fuel the adoption rush.

Understanding how the world of work is changing and what trends are shaping the future of work is only a part of what organizations need to focus on. Of course, to take this to the next level some kind of action needs to take place.

Happy employees lead to happy customers, and that is something no organization should take for granted. To foster your own culture of happiness, focus on these five key factors.
We may be at a place where the Great Recession can move from the forefront and into our rearview mirrors. It could be the year when Santa adds something extra to the bottom line of retailers everywhere. We shall see. Don't forget, today is Giving Tuesday.
The reality is that we are no longer preparing our children to work in factories; we are readying them for today's knowledge-based economy. This requires mastery of a wide assortment of technical skills, ability to work in groups, and continual learning.
By identifying what matters most to you, either from a personal experience or a cause that speaks to you, you can create a culture of good in your life.
On February 4, 2014 Mark Zuckerberg sent the world a Facebook status update marking his company's 10th anniversary. There are now more than 2 BILLION active social media users worldwide and over 75% of those are active mobile users.

\If you are feeling stuck in any way, whether it's financially, emotionally or intellectually, and you need to move forward -- that's actually a call for you to be innovative, be entrepreneurial or 'intrapreneurial.'\
Most people look at NASA as a space agency and at my childhood projects as natural activities. However, NASA is probably one of the most successful marketing agencies in the 20th century and my childhood is evidence of its enduring influence on society.
Only Sunday escapes without a retail handle. But you can bet your bottom dollar it won't be a day of rest for retailers. The relentless run continues towards Christmas and beyond, as merchants race to extract as many dollars from consumers as possible and keep their stakeholders happy.
Good marketers know that when a company \badmouths\ a competitor, it is (more often than not) a big mistake -- especially when the company being disparaged has Apple's track record of success.
Every nonprofit board has had the experience of having board positions open and being unable to fill them with highly qualified people. The usual response from qualified candidates is that they are too busy to be accept a board position.
So how does David, CEO of Elite Daily, and his team do it? In a recent interview with Arabov, gives some insight as to the secret sauce of Elite Daily.
We are hearing so much now about social media creating a shift from \the wisdom of crowds\ to \the wisdom of friends,\ but what does that really mean for brand advocacy? A lot. It's this \wisdom of friends\ that brings a new \social power\ to Brand Advocacy.
Always stay humble and learn from your mistakes. Having a big head and thinking you are the best stunts your growth and lowers your creativity as well as passion. Always aspire to outdo yourself.
With more than 15 years of experience in marketing, including marketing strategy, communications and lead generation, Loretta has grown marketing programs for both SMB and enterprise customers at Coveo, Adobe EchoSign and several other companies.


America's statutes, policies and regulations (Laws) are designed for a non-digital world -- a world where a taxi was something you hailed on the street, not by clicking a smartphone app. The world of Bricks (i.e., the older traditional economy) and Clicks (i.e, the newer tech-fueled economy) are merging.
On Thanksgiving, most of us reminisce about the good times. We say thanks for all the gifts we've been given. But it's extremely valuable to practice gratitude for the challenges in our lives.

It's a lot more productive and a lot less risky to start early in building your record of the positives on social, environmental, and people responsibility, rather than wait and hope never to be caught in an excessive profits scandal, child labor issue, or poor sustainability practice.

AT&T must be investigated for its previous failures to fulfill basic commitments in prior mergers, especially the AT&T-BellSouth merger and the FCC should audit the new proposed fiber optic plans, not just take AT&T's word for it.
The best way to have a successful weight loss surgery is to treat it like a business project. I have definite goals, measurements, objectives, benchmarks, time frames and a vision on where I want to be within a year.


At Silk we often create visualizations from data. Recently my colleague at Silk, Alice Corona, analyzed Black Friday mayhem data, then transformed it into some eye-opening visualizations.




This Black Friday is set to be bigger than ever, with pre-sales already up 19 percent year over year, according to IBM. But there is huge overlap on product offerings for many big box stores and if social media is any indicator, the core opportunity (and challenge) is differentiation on anything other than price.
This week campaigners against cluster munitions are pressing for answers on why any financial institution or bank would choose to be associated with the production of this banned weapon. PAX, a member of the international Cluster Munition Coalition, has released a report revealing the financial institutions backing companies involved in production of cluster munitions.

Ever wondered what it's like to jump-start your career in the Asia-Pacific (APAC) region? Mathew Ward, Managing Director for APAC at Lotame Solutions, recommends using your 20s to figure out your true passion and aspirations in life and then working hard toward achieving them.
Selene Chin, Managing Director of Dog Digital Asia, recommends that those of you who are just starting your career ground yourself with the right skills, avoid having a fixed mindset as an individual and as a team player, and focus on giving your best, as you represent the work of your whole team.
What always pulled at her heartstrings was being her own boss and providing a high-quality product that made a difference.  She prides herself in putting her stamp on \high-quality\ and also giving back to others in need.


Picture the metaphorical personification of chaos, accompanied by a figurative example of hell on Earth, and throw in some crazy old ladies, aggressive men, bitchy soccer moms, a-hole gamers, miserable husbands, and hundreds of young crying toddlers and babies that shouldn't be up at such ungodly hours.
As we read about the travails of General Motors and recent foreign-exchange scandals, it's difficult to explain the enduring and elusive challenge that companies and organizations seem to face
Bad bosses cost companies millions per year, and the worst part, like snakes (yuck), they're able to slither through their superiors and make it seem like they're doing an outstanding job; however, their good job is coming at the expense of other employees' happiness and well-being.
In making choices, a guidepost is to imagine yourself at the end of your days, reflecting back on your life.  And ask these questions -- What are the things that I will regret not doing?  What are the things that will cease to be meaningful in the long run? In which category does the choice fall.

Relationships built on connecting with others are the heart of leadership. Thus, to strengthen your leadership you must turn toward and accept bids for connection instead of turning away from them.
\Black Friday\ was organic back then.  Retailers didn't fabricate the day, shoppers turned it into a retail holiday and retailers embraced them.  It was driven by the shoppers, nothing else. Then somewhere along the say, it turned into a fiasco
I had an eye-opening experience the other day while I was interviewing a candidate to potentially join our agency. He happened to arrive at my office right while my assistant was trying to help me solve an IT issue that we just couldn't seem to crack.
Thanksgiving is certainly one of my favorite holidays. As an adult with many children, Christmas has lost some of its charm and there are few things more enjoyable than getting fat and watching holiday specials (especially those important football games).
By 2020 it's estimated that there will be one million open jobs for software developers in the U.S. alone. This number factors in the rapid growth of the IT field outside of pure software companies as data plays an increasingly critical role in traditional industries.
Until the adoption of SEC rules to implement the crowdfunding exemption, operators of crowdfunding platforms should tread with extreme caution to ensure compliance with U.S. securities laws. Eureeca discovered this the hard way.
It can appear as though you are stuck in a vicious cycle or attracting similar situations, over and over? Check out this list on how you create this dynamic and how to gain more control.
Financial journalists who drilled into the merits of the financial advice proffered by Mr. Robbins have skewered his investing recommendations. I share these concerns.





Following her recent blockbuster album launch (2 million in sales and counting), US musician Taylor Swift could perhaps lay claim to the crown of America's \Merchant Princess,\ and could teach many retailers and shopper marketers a thing or two about the science of \selling stuff.\



Kathrin Lausch serves as Executive Producer of visual studio Ntropic in the New York office.  Kathrin was born and raised in Europe, where she later studied marketing, advertising, and entertainment law and earned degrees from both the University of Munich and the University of Geneva.
April Valusek, multi-unit franchisee of Wayback Burgers, recognized as one of the most aggressive and ambitious better burger brands in the United States, has always had a particular liking to the restaurant industry.
With a little self-reflection, we can understand how we think... and when we know the \how\ of something, we can make efforts to improve upon it.




The \SupraSelf\is an extraordinary aspect of who we are and what it means to be a leader. This little known, yet very real part of our personality is capable of producing exponential results in all areas of our lives.
There are seven paradigm shifts; each has a clear implication for how brands need to change, and examples of brands that are getting it right.
Using inflation-adjusted numbers, we indexed each component of GDP to 4Q07 levels, beginning with a value of 100 for each.  We graphically display the results below, followed by some commentary.
There is a reason why it has taken so long to emerge from the Great Recession. And the Republican leaders of the House and Senate with their new majorities exemplify why we have barely emerged from it.
Often when I hear people talk about how to develop a culture of innovation, the keys proposed are passion, autonomy, collaboration and trust (PACT). Passion, in particular, has become the darling of hiring managers

The workers who help Walmart make unimaginable profits in turn receive poverty wages, unaffordable health care and irregular schedules, including hours kept at part-time as a way of denying access to paid sick days.
How do you set your brand apart in a tough, competitive marketplace? Mexican fast-casual chain Qdoba is finding that the concept \No charge\ can help.


You see, with a solid plan and a strong identity, your decisions are less difficult. When you know where you are going, it's easy to see the right path at each juncture.
The business environment of the future needs to trust people and technology and provide flexibility and choice for employees to connect with complementary skills across a network, to work together on challenges, to learn fast, unlock their passion and improve performance.
To succeed in today's business world, leaders must be proactive, skilled listeners. Leaders who make themselves accessible for conversation and listen regularly are well informed of the goings on in their workplaces.

Women entrepreneurs are biologically hardwired to harness time, and tend to care about the communal impact they have on others. That's why we choose our tools wisely, such as the use of social media, which has already changed the world.
Have you ever stood in line, waiting to pay for Christmas gifts only to be told your credit card has been declined? Or maybe you didn't have enough cash with you. It's embarrassing.
Asians have been fueling American high tech since the late 60's, and today the trend continues. The Asian mindset of humility and quietness puts many Asians into low paying jobs with long hours, which does a disservice to both their livelihoods and their respect.
By networking up, you're attempting to meet the top players in your industry. This not only drives your income but also fuels your all-around sense of happiness. Just think about the positivity that's generated by bouncing ideas around with a bunch of the top go-getters in your field.

The news keeps getting worse for active management.
I have often found parallels that I can draw upon when it comes to fitness, business and in life.   During times when I feel stressed, need inspiration or I'm just beaten down, I will always turn to a hard workout.
Whether in a small or mid-size entrepreneurial business or a major corporation, the CEO sets the vision and direction for the company. But is there real value in the vision? Is the entire company focused on creating that value? Does the company culture support adding value?
They laugh, they cry, they even exercise.
The pace of talent-scouting is unpredictable. But once you do assemble a diverse team of high-performers, the culture you establish will be sustainable into the future.

One of the many challenges small businesses face today is integrating and managing Millennial employees with other generations of their workforce.

As we think about a new idea we shouldn't dismiss existing markets. Often the biggest opportunities are right in front of our face -- whether it is developing a new retail concept or bringing clean water each day to the 2 billion that don't have it.
Having positive outlook and maintaining an attitude of constantly seeking to learn new skills help in increasing one's chances in getting their career to the next level.
Before Amazon Echo has even hit the virtual shelves, many tech journalists are predicting that Echo, and connected devices like it, are the future of computers.
This pervasive criminal conduct can no longer merely be the cost of doing business -- freedom of the guilty corporate executives must be the cost. Fines are what you pay for over-time parking -- not for major corporate criminal activity which kills, harms or steals from people.
Continuous recruitment and building a talent pipeline allow your company to take control of the recruitment process. Instead of starting from scratch and searching out applicants every time there's a vacancy, you will have your pick of qualified and relevant applicants readily available.
Richard Branson had it right when he complained about people who knew nothing about the crash of SpaceShipTwo diving in front of cameras to analyze what must have gone wrong in the Mojave Desert.

Recycling is critically important, but it's only one part of a larger, globally emergent environmental paradigm known as the Circular Economy. As we look forward to America Recycles Day, we are reminded that we have so much more to do.

Josie Cruz Natori is founder and CEO of the Natori Company. Exemplifying her own mantra, she crossed continents, navigated varying careers, and surmounted countless obstacles to create a global brand, Natori.
Lesley Bielby is Chief Strategy Officer at the independent advertising agency micro-network
Office gossip is alive, flowing freely and -- depending on your point of view -- either as natural as casual conversation or a pathogen infecting morale, productivity and even health. Adding to the darker view, gossip may be a special problem for women -- its most able practitioners and, perhaps, its most vulnerable targets.
Without question, this was the first time ever that I have driven an electric car that there was no worry to refuel.
He has spent a lot of time addressing the failings of big data systems and pushing for better infrastructure and security protocols across the board. He has even developed a consumer level data platform that mimics what the big guys should be doing.
If we were not taught to honor our own emotions, if we are unable to disengage from figuring out how we're supposed to feel based on the thoughts of others, we are always in a disempowered state.
\Be a really good person and be really good at your job. I have a sign that hangs in my home office

The fundamental question is one of fairness. Are artists being rightfully compensated for their contributions? And what about future artists? Will sufficient incentives exist for them to make music?
Leaving your daily grind to strike out on your own? Great! Freelance work can be one of the most rewarding, lucrative, and fantastic careers ever. But getting past the first six months is, hands down, the hardest part of freelance work.
Organizations are struggling to find a new way of working with employees. Employees in the meantime are thinking of ways they can develop their careers while always keeping an eye on \the next best opportunity\ to come their way.
Writing is a secret success weapon that's often overlooked. Becoming a consistent writer, recording your thoughts in a journal, can bring many benefits.
Whether you are a B2B or B2C business, the holidays are the most important times of year to make sure your website is performing as well as it can be so that you don't miss out on the estimated 72.4 billion dollars of sales that will be made this season.
TK TK
When people spend hours and hours playing with the red pen or the edit function in Word, it's often because they don't want to own a particular direction or point of view, one which may be posited by another person or group entirely.

It is important to seek harmony between the elements of your presentation to achieve the consistency of the whole and the perception that each of the points is connected and part of the same message.
In case you haven't noticed, there are a ton of people online talking about the same things. Building an online business isn't easy, and there are some hard realities you need to realize.
In-store sales, like coupons and other similar concepts, are a form of price discrimination which can allow a business to make substantially more money.
What can CMOs learn from the MLB's logo success? It may seem obvious, but it's simple
Interestingly (and fortunately), using social media has been key for finding the balance that lets me think, work and connect most productively.
While not a much-discussed topic during campaign season, federal policy on cyber-security will likely see some material changes as a result of a Republican-controlled Senate. Just how significant those changes will be have yet to be determined, but here are some thoughts on probably outcomes.
The tradeoff between hard and soft skills appear to be most at play in professional capacities such as accounting, finance and law, where people are trained and hired for their extreme analytical capabilities.
If you think that \You deserve a break today\ is a bit corny, realize that a McDonald's executive raised that same objection when the line was pitched.
I asked former Shark Tank contestants to share their biggest lessons, they generously agreed and candidly shared these 15 valuable business lessons learned from bravely putting their businesses in front of \the sharks.\
Lewis Howes is a former professional football player who turned a career-ending injury into a springboard into entrepreneurship. Starting with nothing but an obsession to learn about business and marketing, he has since built a multi-million dollar media empire.
The right decision by the DOL will help stop the rip-off of 401(k) participants by wolves in sheep's clothing, who misuse their privileged position as \adviser\ to 401(k) plans to make unconscionable profits at the expense of employees. It's long overdue.
During my time as a personal branding photographer I have seen some interesting corporate images. I have seen photos that have been taken in a bar, on street corners, in living rooms. Many are fuzzy, low res, grainy and too dark or too light.
Recognizing the power of the purse and the women who carry them should be a priority for companies if they are going to tap their respective market's full potential. Corporate America would be smart to follow the money.
As I walk through the factory with our host, Shamain, our conversation is marked by the sound of machinery with metal hitting against metal--only the presence of guide dogs and dark glasses on some of the workers belie the company mission.


In the end, it is Branson, propelled by an overarching sense of boyhood adventure, or desperate folly, and rocketing to establish himself in the pantheon of brave travel pioneers, who has become entangled in a Gordian knot of his own vainglorious making and from which he does not know how to untie himself.
Many of us feel like we are stuck on a path we can't change. Maybe it's the time already invested or fear that making a change could actually be a worse mistake. But the majority of successful entrepreneurs and professionals make a leap into uncharted territory.

In the end, Ernst concludes, both the U.S. and China have a strong interest in finding a compromise during the APEC Summit. From the U.S. perspective, a mini ITA-2 without China would be an oxymoron. Not only is China the world biggest smart-phone market, it is also by far the most important market for U.S. semiconductor firms.

I find myself thinking \it's about me\ when really whatever fill-in-the-blank scenario has nothing at all to do with me. Many jobseekers struggle in this area as well in ways that ultimately hold them back from moving forward, especially when it comes to reaching out to people.
Julie has over 23 years experience in TV, DVD and online productions. Before co-founding JA Digital, she was Head of Multi-Camera at Done & Dusted for a very successful 8 years.
The problem that confronts health care represents a lucrative business opportunity for the industry that does data transaction best
Behind the stardom of the explorers and producers who have put themselves on the revolutionary shale map and absorb most of the risk--are the service providers who make up a highly lucrative market segment.

Sometimes people get the \rebels\ and the \complainers\ mixed up, but there is a big difference between the two. When rebels criticize, they follow up their criticism with a suggestion for a solution. The complainers, however, they just love complaining.
Because so many job seekers slack off during the end of the year, for the holidays or just because they have more to do in their personal lives, fewer job seekers go after every job. Which means less competition for most jobs.
This means your appearance, your body language, and the way you carry yourself are identifiers of what you are about. Think of it like being the front cover of a book; the content could be extraordinary, but if it doesn't scream \pick me up!\ only a select few actually will.
Asia declares a new primacy on the list, particularly with Japanese firms and, perhaps most notable of all, the first China-based company to make the annual ranking. Concurrently, some traditional powers, including the United States and France, have ceded representation among the Top 100.
There are many examples of new subscription models upsetting the status quo. Spotify, with its membership-based streaming music service, flipped iTunes on its head and caused Apple to launch a radio service.
Branding is no longer an optional marketing extension that you can choose to employ or ignore.
It might be useful to look at some of the dynamics of the boardroom with a gendered lens (although I would quickly add, to focus on what is observed from the dominant group's members and those from the non-dominant group members).

Apple became the world's most valuable company for a number of complex reasons, including the design genius of its brilliant founder. But when you look under the surface, it is more open than you might think.
The hard truth is that leading a healthy lifestyle isn't about buying something, or wearing something, or consuming something. It's about doing something.

Some people say that millennials are littler narcissists and describe them as the \me, me, me generation.\ Others, are more optimistic and they realize the importance and opportunity that millennials can bring to the workforce.

Some people think aiming to lose 175 pounds is insane. For me, it is the only way to get there. When I've set \impossible\ goals in a business setting, I've always made them. I get excited and motivated. Small goals don't interest me at all.
By removing yourself from the pressure, following these steps, and embracing the potential and opportunity of your own \crystal ball,\ you can bring your vision to life.


Robin Goldberg is the Chief Marketing Officer of the Minerva Project, a groundbreaking venture to reinvent the university experience for the world's brightest and most motivated students.



When companies and products die, their brands often live on. From Napster and Pan Am to Woolworth and Mister Donut - zombie brands abound. They have been resuscitated, redefined, or kept alive by unusual means.
China reported its economy grew \only\ 7.3 percent in the third quarter, below the projected 7.5 percent. If China fails to meet its target for the year, it will be the first time since 1998. China's long-term growth prospects seem weaker still.
A generation ago, trade deals were about trade. They were really boring, with incomprehensible names. The WTO broadened those goals from boring tariffs to policies that are normally settled through democratic accountable political processes.
The administration had the opportunity, through a strong gainful employment rule, \u00a0to demand here and now that federal aid only go to career education programs that were truly helping their students. It\u00a0didn't seize the chance.
Employment -- and the income that comes with it -- marks the ability to move from dependence to independence, and when there are fewer opportunities to make this leap, development is stunted.



Americans think being a politician is scarier than being a mortician or an infectious disease doctor. In fact, there's no job in the U.S. that workers fear more than being an elected official, according to a nationwide survey by CareerBuilder.
The aftermath of the tapes will mean even deeper regulatory scrutiny and tougher regulators. Firms need to be prepared by better coordinating their Compliance Program throughout the firm, drafting better policies and procedures and continuing to develop credible relationships with regulators.
With the star power of rapper/actor Common and actor/entrepreneur Malik Yoba, iconic32's launch party demonstrated how simple it is to be a force for social good while also enjoying the privileges of being among the world's leading consumer classes.
Brittany Hodak is the co-founder of ZinePak, an entertainment startup that helps celebrities and brands better engage with their superfans.

If you spend most of your week in an office environment, you probably know that working closely with colleagues can be a productive, rewarding experience. You also know that their quirks, bad habits, and thoughtlessness can slowly drive you insane.



Raising the minimum wage is a polarizing issue. One side worries that raising it will lower employment. The other side downplays the impact on employment and plays up the positive impact on the living standards of the poor.


The housing sector today is not providing the economic stimulus we had come to expect during periods of economic recovery. A major reason is that the underwriting rules and practices are much stricter today than they were before the financial crisis.

After months of waiting, we just received the results of the assessment of the health of Eurozone banks by their new supervisory authority
Since the global economy imploded into systemic crisis in 2008, central banks and regulating authorities in major economies throughout North America and Europe have held periodic stress tests, apparently in an effort to reassure the public.
Article and studies from a Google search on \Dysfunctions in Nonprofit Boards & Organizations\ yields 445,000 items in .32 of a second.  These items show dysfunctions on charter school boards, church boards, health care boards, trade associations, etc.
White papers seem to be falling out of favor. Perhaps our preferred screens have become too small and our attention spans too short. Or maybe it's the perception that white papers are only for large, corporations selling complex technologies.
Why is it that despite new technologies and widespread innovation, today's financial sector provides such ill-fitting products and services to so many people and leaves so many more entirely unserved? We are missing a huge opportunity for business, policy and society alike - a missed opportunity with lasting negative effects



You see Sophia completely smashes the myth that advice based business has to be done face to face -- and in particular that financial advice has to be face to face -- and cannot be done online.
Yes, these items are actually being advertised for sale on the Internet.
Shares soared 16 percent on Thursday.


A bologna cake?




You can't fight the Internet and you can't bite the hand that feeds you. Instead, it's time to reinvent retail and embrace showrooming.
What is your most important (valuable/profitable) prospect group? What's your shock-and-awe package and campaign? Create one this week.
To boost bonding among others so they are more apt to work (or play) well together, ask them, when together, to do two powerfully simple things that can be done rather quickly.
Those not plunging into the brave new world on our doorstep risk being left behind because the disruptions that have gripped us so tightly will certainly keep coming. So, what does the new normal mean for traditional media?
It's important that all investors use their 'investment sense' with proper due diligence prior to involvement and before paying for any offered security. Otherwise, investors stand to lose it all.

While I believe small talk is BIG, non-verbal communication is small-talk's best friend. As the saying goes
In a speech October 20, New York Federal Reserve Bank President William Dudley proposed that a major chunk of pay for all senior executives at a particular bank be forfeited when the bank violates the law.
Leadership is not about the leader, but rather the leader's ability to inspire and enable others. Thus leadership Aha moments are not about the leader having the Aha, but enabling others to have their own Aha moments.
In executive coaching, I have clients hurtling themselves toward a goal. They want to get \there\ no matter what. Then there are the adrenaline junkies who enjoy the risk of chaos, taking pride in not needing methods and plans.

My advice to any new salesperson is to give Tinder a shot, experience firsthand how the practical sales process works in a social context, and most importantly don't be afraid to get creative. Vary your pitching style, take the prospect's temperature and prescribe your selling style accordingly.
Actually, social media is slowly morphing into Digital Media -- an umbrella that covers Social, Mobile, Web, Games, and Apps.
Cities, some would argue, are the world's greatest inventions, bringing productivity and opportunity to billions. But for many, cities are a hellhole of poverty and violence offering no visible way out.
Adapt, change, or die. No one knows this statement to be true more than the executive teams in the c-suite. They know that when companies stop adapting or changing - they die.


Stories convey information in a very unique way. Plus, they're so much more interesting and engaging than facts, bar graphs or pie charts.
Marketing must evolve, and comfort must be left in the rearview. The way things have always been done isn't the way they should be done going forward. Unless you believe the consumer landscape hasn't changed in the past 5-10 years. Oh, and in case you aren't sure...It has.
People think that being a leader means that you always have to be perfect.  The belief is that leaders are high up, and, therefore, unapproachable.  What if this weren't true?
You want those creative folks with innovation flowing through their veins in your company. If you want math and science in all your marketing campaigns and department, you're in the wrong business.
Recently, I was having a discussion with branding expert David Brier on the sometimes questionable state of brands today. He laughingly mentioned a client who recently asked, \How did you know? You must have time traveled to know what we'd need.\


ith 23 states plus the District of Columbia enacting marijuana programs we are now steam rolling. And what is going to take place next is the final step and watershed moment for the industry.
Being seen as an authority in your field is pretty much your ticket to building a successful business - it is most certainly a requirement to having long term relationships with your clients.

You can never, ever get the advertised price because it doesn't include many of the fixed costs, like the set top box, not to mention it is littered with pass-throughs of the company's taxes and fees, including the cable franchise fees.
The nonprofit leadership literature recommends that every nonprofit organization have a comprehensive crisis management plan, but it has little focus on risk. Perhaps nonprofit boards are too risk averse and are really unable to maximize their resources to assist clients?

Heather Andrus is the Senior Vice President of Product Development for Euro-Pro, since her appointment in September of 2013. On a daily basis she strives to create compelling products for consumers by understanding the world that they live in, as well as their needs, motivations and desires.

The company says the ice cream has nothing to do with hazing.

Business success is still more about the people than the technology or idea involved. As an angel investor and a mentor to entrepreneurs I still see this every day.
Yes, the customer is important and it is good business to deliver a great experience, but NOT at the sacrifice of you, your people, or your ability to serve other more appreciative customers.
A short, concise email is always more effective than a lengthy missive. Plus you're more likely to get issues addressed when you raise them individually rather than a laundry list of everything you want to see changed.
Plan out your dream and then damn well go and do the dream because I think we're both adult enough to accept that planning dreams does little to nothing to make them come true if you don't also take now action on those dreams, yeah?
We've all heard the same axiom time and time again... Never mix business and pleasure. So what do you do when you decide you want to launch a startup with your spouse?



Mark your calendars. October 19th is National Evaluate Your Life Day. Didn't know there was such a thing? Me neither, until a colleague forwarded a list of off-beat holidays you can celebrate in October.
What kind of leader are you? No matter what your job title says, each of us have the ability to consistently bring out the best -- or the worst -- in other people around us. So how does the way you show up, impact others around you?
\Raising the minimum wage is one simple and long-overdue step toward rebalancing the social contract so that the private and public sectors are more equal participants in improving living standards for American workers.\
It will be interesting to see whether the USA changes its policy on quotas because of a falloff in investment by these wealthy Chinese nationals -- and whether other nations try to take advantage of this falloff by changing their policies.

The architect of Germany's energy revolution, economist Jeremy Rifkin, argues that green energy critics have it backwards when it comes to the impact of renewable energy on economic growth.
The emergence of the online sharing economy is giving people still another costume option that a few years ago wasn't available.
The National Labor Relations Board's recent ruling labeling McDonald's as a joint employer of their franchisees struck a current of fear into most franchisors. In many ways, the ruling was an attempt to redefine the role of the franchise in employee disputes.
More and more people are seeking out brands with authentic stories. Brands with authentic stories should live and leverage those stories. Brand without those stories can't make them up. (In the information age truth will out.) Instead, they should build them -- not as marketing gimmicks, but as part of their brand essence and organizational culture.
Let's look at the most prevalent (often least true) claims and go over some ways that you can make them more truth than fiction.
Recently on a return flight from New Orleans to Houston I removed a copy of their in-flight magazine with a cover story (above) of this new brand graphics and message.
The largely unanticipated boom in oil production in the last five years has revived a debate over whether the United States should reverse the forty-year old ban on exports of crude oil.

Not surprisingly, the market's volatility and rapid decline brought out the worst in the financial media. The amount of misinformation currently out there is staggering. I can only deal with the tip of the iceberg here.
The growing effort to encourage women towards computer science careers could not be more exciting to see. I was among the early group of women to enter a university computer science program while in college years ago.
Not only is the deficit down sharply from its levels of 2009 and 2010, when it was near 10 percent of GDP, it is below the levels that even the deficit hawks had targeted back in those years. In other words, even if we had followed the lead of deficit crusaders like Erskine Bowles and Alan Simpson, the deficit would be no lower today.
Third-party settlement costs could be eliminated by implementation of one simple rule
Despite many organizations seeking an authentic workplace culture, behaviors of bullying causing lack of expression, is still evident at large.


Have you ever wondered what golf has to do with success? If, like for many of us, it has never crossed your mind, allow me to share the new insights I have gained about golf through the online Global Latino Summit.
Whether you're attempting to land your dream job or forge great relationships with colleagues or customers, feeling at home inside your own self matters most. And what matters most to others is knowing they can trust that you are who you say you are.
This is not to argue against minimum wage increases as much as to argue that this remedy must not be substituted for reforms at deeper levels.


Comparing the investment benefits derived from buying scattered single family homes and condominium units, versus multifamily rental properties is a no brainier.
Cynthia is also an inspiring speaker, entrepreneur, national columnist and contributing editor to Success Magazine, and was a featured guest on the Oprah Winfrey Show when Oprah launched the Angel Network.





I fell in love with technology when I met my first computer and learned to program. But my husband has no cause for jealousy because my love of technology is instrumental.

In their passion to succeed, too many entrepreneurs treat friends and family investments as \low-hanging\ fruit, only to find out later, after a stumble, that the pain of lost relationships is greater than the loss of their beloved startup.
Despite what the media might tell women, you don't have to choose one way of life over the other forever. You can, in fact, change your mind. You can choose and re-choose the direction of your own adventure.
Just like attorneys and medical professionals, commercial brokers have specialized knowledge that can prove invaluable during an office search.






With the pressures of leadership, you have a choice -- to get upset or to get a laugh. Getting upset boosts your blood pressure; laughing and a lighthearted culture can boost your productivity and your influence.


If the U.S. is to reap the maximum benefits from the development of this resource, whether in manufacturing or in the quality of life of its citizens, it needs coherent federal strategies and partnerships that will build public appreciation of the impacts in all dimensions, and at global, national and local scales.
Marketers targeting a female audience need to understand the critical difference between men and women. Namely, women cycle and men consummate.
I have asked a handful (pun intended) of adults why they fist-bump and most of the time the response is something along the lines of
Leaders know that making your products and customer spaces beautiful is essential to business.  But many organizations miss the mark because they don't carry the concept through to the employee's domain.


\Whatever you do, don't use your hands when you speak.\ Many female clients in my consulting practice have told me that other, uh, advisors, of the male variety, imparted this conventional \wisdom.\  Why?  Because \gestures will make you look aggressive or unprofessional!\  Huh?
I know there are tomes written and forests felled to provide the paper for all that has been written about vision and mission, but let me give you my tuppence worth to clarify how I define vision and mission.
Once you've consciously envisioned the life you desire, it's time to consciously design your ideal business. From my perspective, this begins by defining the powerful difference you are passionate to make through your life and business.
Your customers expect you to aim for the center of their lives and to immediately grasp the predicaments they face every day. That means you need to talk about them, not just to them.
In short, millennials don't like commitments, and jobs are no exception. The average millennial is expected to change between 15 and 20 jobs in the course of his or her working years; long gone is the lifelong loyalty to a corporation with steadfast servitude for years on end, waiting for the next promotion.
Don't jump to the conclusion that the better choice is the mortgage with the lower interest rate. FHAs carry a lower interest rate but largely because of their high insurance premiums, they usually (but not always) cost the borrower more.
One of the biggest mistakes made by clients is that they believe they know their customers very well already. They might see true fans of their product at a trade show but never take the time to experience the true context for the product.
In any organization, top management changes cause staff insecurity and unrest. Old comfortable patterns will be broken. Resistance to change will likely occur. Board members must provide strong support for changes that are needed.

As with all theoretical revolutions, supply-side economics revealed its shortcomings when put to use and its star has now faded. But it held sway in the halls of power in the early days of the talent revolution -- a decade whose seismic shift is still sending out aftershocks.

Functioning as the Publisher and Vice President of Content at Kraft Sports Productions, including the New England Patriots, Fred Kirsch is truly a technology innovator and someone who is focused on digital business transformation.
Becky Taylor has worked in the field of education more than 35 years.  She began her career, as a Special Education teacher, serving students identified with mental impairments, learning disabilities and behavior disabilities.

Progress is important to growing your business, and you must take daily action in order to make progress. The key is pacing yourself. Get a clear vision of where you want to go and then determine what you can do daily to get you closer to your goals.
Millennials are rewriting the rules of the workplace and, like the end of the dinosaur age, the corporate world is struggling to catch on.
Routines become habits and habits can define a person to the point they stop defining themselves. If the formation of a habit is the beginning of such a process, can it be that intentional self-awareness leads to different results?
Any successful thought leader will tell you sharing useful and interesting information can be powerful in building a positive reputation and solid credibility. But sometimes just sharing information is not enough and like the old marketing adage says, \You should show not tell.\
With this much change underfoot, you have to be on top of your game, learning and assessing how this manufacturing world is changing fast. If you don't keep up now, chances are good that you won't benefit from this new cycle of change.
I have learned a lot on my journey and people often ask me for tips on how to start a business. Here are three of my favorites if you are thinking about getting in line to ride the \encore career\ roller coaster.
One fear that some managers have in granting the request is that if they give it to one employee, they will have to give it to everyone.  Because of that fear, what may occur is the original flexibility request goes under the radar and is a negotiated \deal\ between that employee and their manager.
Today's column will look at two more companies that \did the right thing\ for their employees impacted by Cancer. I'll profile the two young women and how their diagnosis was treated.
Two weeks ago I attended WPP Stream Health in Orlando, the \unconference\ hosted by Grey Healthcare and ended in San Francisco at TEDMED 2014.  The theme of both gatherings was unleashing imagination and collaboration to redesign our approach to building a healthier world.
Trying out something new shouldn't be feared -- don't do it if it doesn't feel right, but perhaps you're going to surprise yourself by realizing that there are different types of people who consume different types of content.

Ever stumble across a great idea or a new way to show up and be more effective in your career, and promise yourself

If you truly want to become successful in your business, imagine yourself as you have already achieved your goal.
Three out of five Housing Barometer measures are getting close to normal. But the two measures that hitch housing to the broader economy are still struggling, so the job market and housing market aren't helping each other as they should.



The email ban included not only emails amongst ourselves but also with clients. We set up auto-responders to let people know we weren't checking email and encouraged them to call us instead.

While we may be past the worst of the Great Recession, many companies still feel the need to stretch the human resources they have as far as possible. It's no surprise, then, that we're still experimenting with ways to pump up productivity while deflating costs.

As I saw during my time in venture capital, it's the little things that reveal what a company is all about at its core.


A leader's primary role is to advance her team and to engage their collective talents towards the goals that they have set. How she performs individually is of little consequence if the process falls behind schedule or comes in over budget. When the team wins she wins.

Anger, like pain, can be instructive.  But, like pain, you can have too much of a bad thing.  Only a small proportion of anger is useful.  When it comes to anger, most of us really are our own worst enemies.



For inspiration on how to manage the flexibility that accompanies Phase 4 of the Four Phases of Startup Life -- the What's Next? stage that comes after a liquidity event -- look to Warren Hellman.




Nonprofits have always had to struggle to meet their client needs, even when economic conditions and social turmoil were much less constraining than today. How can mid-level nonprofits uncover growth opportunities in the present environment?
We could be forgiven for thinking this is a vaguely interesting gewgaw in a world benumbed by technological gadgetry.  The iPhone Six is out, for crying out loud...  But like those who scoffed at Karl Benz's strange \Motorwagen\ in 1900, we'd be overlooking a revolution.



Regardless of who becomes President in 2016, or what the composition of Congress may be, hard choices will continue to need to be made about a whole range of issues, such as how much funding should be allocated to subsidize mortgages or support affordable housing



This summer, LEGO launched a minor revolution. It introduced professional women -- scientists, no less -- into its latest toy line aimed at girls. The new figurines -- called \minifigs\ by Lego die-hards -- feature a female palaeontologist, an astronomer, and a chemist. They sold out on the first day.
In terms of online purchase intentions, China is clearly several steps ahead of the rest of the world.  But we believe what is happening in China will quickly happen elsewhere.
More than four million positions are vacant right now in the United States. Businesses are looking at a future where their need for qualified people is only growing. The problem is, we're thinking about qualifications in the wrong way.
My daughter called this afternoon after class and on her way to work at the library to tell me about how here teacher decided to dress down the class after they had all done small teaching sessions at a summer camp.

It may feel safer to rely on logic or the opinions of others, but your gut instinct isn't just a willy-nilly mush of emotions, it's the sum of the subtle information that your brain has collected, but hasn't yet fully processed. It's your own inner wisdom.

We need to be careful not to assume that individuals are guaranteed to repeat past behavior. Such assumptions can limit a person's ability to learn and grow. But, how can we know if an employee is going to repeat past behavior such as illicit drug use, theft, or bribery?
We have the central bank of the US acting deliberately to keep workers from getting pay increases. They justify their actions over concerns about inflation, but we need not take these seriously. Who knows what they believe, but the real-world risk of a dangerous inflationary spiral ranks alongside the risk of attacks by Martians.
As an entrepreneur or executive, you often get caught up in the \bigger picture\ and the intricacies of your leadership role. But by doing so, it is possible to become disconnected from your impact on employees, customers and suppliers.



When you think of a great leader who comes to your mind? Richard Branson, Arianna Huffington, Tony Hsieh, Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Nelson Mandela, or Martin Luther King, Jr.? What are some of the characteristics that we are able to witness from these wonderful leadership role models?
Last time, I wrote about how traveling the road between employment and entrepreneurship is just one way to grow and develop as a person; to connect with the essence of who you are.
Women frequently do not have the same level of support or development opportunities that men enjoy -- because they lack peers and mentors. Here are some tips I share with the female executives I coach, as they climb the corporate ladder.
In the seafood trade, you can reassert your civic right, whether chef or consumer, to know what you are buying, where it is from and how the fish you want was harvested, or raised. Still, your rights are only real if exercised.

In America, people with lots of money can easily avoid the consequences of bad bets and big losses by cashing out at the first sign of trouble. But workers who move to a place like Atlantic City for a job and invest in a home have no such protection.
Too many people, young and older, let their career and their lifestyle happen to them, rather than proactively making things happen based on their personal passions, skills, and interests.
One of the key components of transformation and innovation is the business model, and since the ability of companies to transform and reinvent themselves is crucial to their lifeline, I went straight to the source.


Several modest contrasts between the two entities reside in the relationship between board and staff. Many nonprofits are small organizations, with the staff being only one or two organizational levels below the board.
Venus Hurst is no stranger to entrepreneurship. In 2001, she created Venus Staffing, an agency specializing in promotional and event model staffing. More recently, Hurst has focused on her latest endeavor.


Don't leave it up to memory. Take a moment to reflect on the goals you made for the conference and decide if it is something that you want to repeat next year. If you really didn't get something awesome from it maybe your time and money would be better spent in another way.
Two tech billionaires and an entrepreneur walk into a bar.
In the past year and a half, I've given over 100 keynote speeches and hundreds of presentations, and things have changed dramatically. I still get nervous occasionally, but public speaking is now one of my favorite activities. Here are the five steps that have been most helpful in reducing my anxiety.
Leave your shield (and sword) at the office when attending events and you'll absolutely generate more prospects, more referrals, and more business. That is, if you're into that sort of thing.
Fair Issac Corp., the creator of the widely used FICO score, is switching up how it computes credit scores. The new score, known as FICO 9, will be rolled out to the three major credit bureaus this fall. But what does this mean for consumers?
All things being equal, Apple and other nominally American companies would be more efficient if they kept production closer to design and weren't shuffling $billions between Irish shell corporations and Caribbean banks.

What is a \mindset\? How are mindsets related to gender and other kinds of diversity (or its absence)? Do we all have mindsets? If so, does that make us bad? Are they easy to change?

We've all heard about the \power of positive thinking,\ but flick on the news, and you'll see the world seems to prefer tuning in to the negative most of the time.  Where's the good stuff? The answer

While some people's disabilities are so significant that they will never be able to work, many people with disabilities can, with some reasonable accommodations, earn more, keep more of what they earn and even build assets for the future. How to make that happen?
As an exercise in regret and jealousy, we've dug through thousands of feet of stock ticker tape (i.e. Yahoo and Google Finance) and picked out six food-based stocks that would've been very wise investments.

I continue to believe that this grand Keynesian experiment will end in tears. Furthermore, when it ends badly, future generations will not be able to believe our stupidity.
Much of what counts these days as \financial news\ is simply a parade of self-styled \pros\ peering into their crystal balls and telling the rest of us how to time the market, pick outperforming stocks or select \hot\ mutual fund managers.
There seem to be two primary blocks to engaging in loving leadership within our organizations. The first has to do with our beliefs and the second is based on our limited or limiting definitions.
The reasons to expand always sound strategically good. They might well be, but if the core is shaky, then you are building on a bad foundation. And that is a recipe for disaster.
The summer is coming to an end without much success at the movie box office, but one \sequel\ has emerged a winner this week although its ultimate fate awaits further developments.

It sounds counter-intuitive but new research suggests while many workplaces have started to advocate the use of your strengths, there is a real potential for what you do best to become a career-limiting weakness.
Why was a 22-year-old CEO so quick to disregard a billion dollar offer? To me, Zuckerberg's brash action makes no sense. But Peter Theil argues that, for an entrepreneur like Zuckerberg, it makes perfect sense.
For much of this decade, Tea Party-backed lawmakers have been at war with public sector employees across the country. They've tried, and in a few cases succeeded, in taking away public servants' ability to collectively bargain. But now the battle is going abroad.
Wall Street is in the midst of some pretty massive changes right now. And I'm talking about Wall Street as it relates to Main Street. I'm talking about how individual investors are being courted (hunted) and cared for (killed) by the new wolves of Wall Street.
You've been to this meeting. You and a bunch of peers are gathered to do some planning or training. Over lunch, a senior leader of the organization has been asked to come spend time with the gang. It's a great opportunity for both the leadership group and this senior leader to have exposure to each other.
It's not just entrepreneurs that can turn adversity into opportunity. All people face startup-like challenges. And we all benefit from learning and perseverance. I believe much hinges on how we exercise our free will to create a personal resiliency.
It's so easy to allow your business to overtake your life.  It's so easy to let your drive for success and your passion for what you are doing lead to 70-80 hour work weeks with no days off.  It's so easy to put your life on the back burner.
When leaders exhibit improvisational behaviors (such as flexibility, positivity and humor) people connect with them. Leaders build trust with their teams when they are positive, and those teams in turn, engage and want to perform.



In her role as operating partner, Heidi Roizen is on the backlines of the deals where she manages the younger deal team, evaluates entrepreneurs and gives advice. Her experience of having played both the part of entrepreneur and venture capitalist has given her tremendous insight into what makes for a successful relationship.
We are all familiar with the \chemistry\ factor in relationships and the chemical attraction metaphor; now we are learning that such insights are more than metaphor -- they are reality!

I've called myself other titles, masking that my income comes from the life insurance industry.  There are multiple reasons why my lifetime occupation became a semi-hidden secret. The industry itself went through the same kind of identity crisis.

Everyone has a responsibility to collectively work together to prevent workplace bullying to ensure that bullies don't win and targets don't unnecessarily have to deal with abuse or suffer alone.

Just because I have a disability -- my right leg was amputated when I was 5 -- doesn't make me an expert on issues relating to disability and employment.  Like everyone else, I have to work at educating myself on facts and realities for people with disabilities.
If you've been hard-at-work creating content, then you're probably aware at how powerful of video has become. If you weren't up-to-date on the popularity and influence that video content has, here are some mind-blowing stats courtesy of Digital Sherpa.
Seeking a real return on your social media relationships? Prove your business is customer obsessed by employing the Twitter strategies of companies that \get it.\
What is the company culture around Roger Goodell's NFL? It's profiting out of glamorizing lawbreakers.

From a marketing perspective, who will win out between the Millennials and Boomers? In many ways it comes down to cultural dominance, and in this sense Millennials are much more influential.




I am happiest -- and, I've found, I do my best writing -- when surrounded by greenery. As I type this now, my desk is fringed with a little Peruvian apple cactus, a spider plant, a milk cactus and a big, hardy jade plant.
While I may be helping with the statistics, I am still in a situation where the rest of the world hasn't caught up just yet. Through these experiences, I have learned a few key lessons in terms of being a woman in a work setting, usually with a lot of men.
It's a PR and moral nightmare, and the deepest fear of most handlers of a brand's social media presence. It's also one of the most easily avoided, and most difficult to fix
A recent collaboration between fashion house, Miu Miu, and artist, Miranda July was the perfect embodiment of how to execute a spectacular artist/brand partnership and why it's important to do so.
We are now on the cusp of a new revolution -- something we're dubbing
Markets for financial services often don't work well for consumers. The trial and error technique that consumers rely on in navigating many markets does not work well when transactions are large and infrequent.  Financial firms that expect to see a customer only once may have little incentive to provide good service.

Musical legend Sheila E. was literally born into the business, yet she paid more than her share of dues at the beginning of her career, playing to empty rooms and living from gig to gig.

Changes don't have to be drastic to be effective. So rather than flipping your entire work schedule upside down, it's easier to start small; block off 60 minutes at the start of your peak work times for whatever your day's priority might happen to be, and start there.
The 21st century organization requires bold leaders who understand they live in a world of opportunity to create and lead others around a shared purpose. Unfortunately, the system is still massively broke.

Studies are finding happier employees are more creative, more engaged, more productive and more likely to be promoted. They're also less likely to experience symptoms of fatigue.
Are big data and the all-important marketing persona really a perfect match? If you're in the marketing trench like I am every day looking for better ways to create targeted content that's delivered to targeted customers - Yep... It's a perfect match.
Ever feel like you are part of that scene from a movie where the seagulls are fighting over a crab only it's your money and you are trying to keep a scrap of it? Here are some strategies to help you keep what is yours and ensure what you have collected for others is handled properly.
Expansion is an important element for a startup. The question is, when? All too often, in my experience, the desire to expand begins to rear its head well in advance of traction and readiness.
This past month I became parent to a teenager. Among the obvious anxieties this rite prompted, I also had the pleasure of learning American teens have been deemed \mediocre\ when it comes to personal finance.
There's always been a double-standard for labor and management.  When an hourly worker proves to be too incompetent to remain on the payroll, he gets booted out the door.


Growing up rural, Angela Lee began in a one-room, eight-student school with a grandfather telling her to marry rich to be successful. Lee took this foundation to fight for her dream in fashion.
Significant change is not easy, however the possibilities of taking small steps with a sense of urgency and a planned orchestrated approach can mean the difference between executing on successful change and creating an utter failure.
Whether you use mind maps or short reports with lots of bullet points you want to be clear in your communication. The clearer you are, the easier it is for others to implement. After all, isn't that what it's all about? Having clear implementation with as little effort as possible.



While Richard Branson's new book, \The Virgin Way\ is \about listening, learning, laughing and leading,\ applying the BRAVE leadership framework to the book's ten summary ideas yields highly applicable insights.
Africa has the potential not only to feed its own people, but also to ensure food security around the world. A new era is unfolding in Africa's agricultural sector. Driving this change is innovation, led by Africans themselves.
What kind of duty to warn should auto repair owners, managers, and salespeople have? And what kind of responsibilities should they have when damages due to their failure to warn occur for clients who come to them for their expertise and advice?
Once acclimated to the unique challenges of the nonprofit culture, serving on the board can provide an exceptionally rewarding experience. Directors will have a chance to work with others who are dedicated to the work of serving people with significant personal needs.

Have you ever avoided a career or business opportunity because it required you to speak in public? Did you ever have a great idea you wanted to share in a group setting but didn't because of your fear of speaking in front of a group of people?
Every year we celebrate Labor Day to recognize the contributions American workers have made to the strength, prosperity and well-being of our country. And yet every year we fail to adequately recognize a vital segment of our workforce that has been a major part of that success story
\If you have family, make sure it is 100% behind you. Be prepared for a tremendous pressure, stress and financial risks associated with entrepreneurship and take the steps to assure you and your family is ready to deal with them.\
Just because you don't see a tip jar doesn't mean that tips aren't appropriate or welcome.
Without question, advanced academics are vital to our future and always will be. But the marketplace is shifting away from academics in favor of practical job skills.
Will your company be one that recognizes a diversity of stakeholders to whom some responsibility is owed? Or one whose shareholders can impose their will on employees and others affected no matter what?
Unless the employer is small, with fewer than 100 employees, the process of posting jobs and collecting resumes is automated. Succeeding in today's environment means learning new ways to succeed while ignoring old, out-of-date ideas.
Accelerators generally accept startups at a slightly later stage, and attempt to compress the timeline to commercialization into a few months, instead of a year or more.



Labor Day encourages a review of the legal status of labor. Worker status is important because numerous statutes such as minimum wage and overtime requirements apply to employees but not to independent contractors.
Entrepreneur Jaclyn Shanfeld has been immersed in the fashion and entertainment industries since launching her career a decade ago. Her expertise in all things style and luxury has helped pave the way for her latest business venture, the socially inspired designer online marketplace, Shop Hers.
Is there a correlation between the drop in unions and the drop in defined benefits plans? It certainly seems like it. As defined benefit plans are going away, so is the safety net for older Americans. Most bankruptcy filers are under age 54, but there is a steady rise in bankruptcies of people over age 55.
Labor Day isn't the most celebrated of holidays on our calendar. It was birthed out of a movement to honor and respect the hardworking Americans who laid the foundation of our nation in the late 19th Century.



The term 'reverse mentor' was coined and first implemented by GE's Jack Welch in 1999 to help executives enter the Internet age. But Tibergien believes this kind of two-way sharing goes beyond its original intent and makes a statement about where vital intelligence comes from in business.


So to win at retail in 2014, a great value offer is cost-of-entry. But having an edge in convenience can be a real differentiator. Call it leveraging laziness. And watch shoppers gravitate towards you.

The starting point for this is often posing the question \what is your family mission?\ And I would challenge all families to think in this way and ask themselves the same question.

When people decide to disregard their moral compass as the official business handbook, they begin to make up the rules as they go. Anything can happen, and the situation frequently proves to be a source of conflict.

Despite the growing investments made today towards external CSR communication, there has been relatively little progress made in evolving the mindset and behaviors beyond the niche to the masses.


Every single step to Burger King's success was backed and enabled up by our taxpayer-funded American system. Our government is the reason that Burger King is extremely profitable.

While a brand used to have to spend zillions of dollars to get its ad on TV or its logo on a billboard, now social media like Twitter make it possible to reach millions of people quickly, without spending millions of dollars.
I want to congratulate LeBron James, Germany and the San Antonio Spurs on their recent wins -- before they fade from our minds -- and for demonstrating to the world, and each other, how inspirational leadership works and what it takes to build a winning organization
As leaders we have to manage the boundaries. We have to feed the team's development but also need to develop the team. New learnings, new styles, new approaches are for teams, as with individuals, learning opportunities.

Proponents of evidence-based investing, myself included, doubted whether this day would ever come. Investors are now actually paying attention to the overwhelming data supporting evidence-based investing and are fleeing active management.
This blog post introduces three ways that people's brains are shaping their behaviors.  We suggest how organizations can take a revolutionary stance and focus on approaches that deal with the organ that delivers all the results.
The ability to sell proves your attitude, critical thinking and soft-skills.  Every other business discipline is just semantics.  You have no marketers, accountants, lawyers, managers or HR people on staff if you have no sales.  Businesses put a premium on people that can generate revenue.
You must understand the difference between being busy and being productive. Too many people are busy, but at the end of the day they have done NOTHING to move themselves forward to meet their business and life goals.
The business world loves metrics. And in an era where data has never been more valuable, many executives believe there is a direct correlation between employee productivity and a high Emotional Intelligence score.
Congratulations! You've discovered a valuable solution, developed a mission with purpose, implemented a business plan, and now you are running a successful startup.

The aftermath of this change could be felt in the banking industry, the real estate market and it could even force interest rates higher. And that's just for starters.

Not long ago, Malcolm Gladwell made a bold prediction
It was the end of a fourth day of packed programming at the Marriott Marquis in San Francisco where a series of talks, workshops and classes had left me exhausted but deeply inspired by this gathering of conscious business enthusiasts.

Going for an IPO isn't easy. It requires difficult, honest conversations and responding to tough questions. But nothing worthwhile is easy, right?

Nonprofit directors often become impatient with the slow pace of progress toward positive change. Here are some actions that may change the situation.
In June 2013, Sandra E. Rowland was named Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations. She leads the teams responsible for Corporate Strategy, Mergers and Acquisitions and Investor Relations. Sandra joined HARMAN in October 2012.
Studies applying design science research, open innovation and crowdsourcing offer possibilities for examining as yet unknown drivers, designers' values, beliefs and behaviors and how these factors influence their design performance.

A restraining order has been a traditional legal tool in domestic violence situations. However, the restraining order alone (printed on paper) will not physically protect an individual from a determined assailant.
This month, two different but powerful Wall Street bank lobbies launched self-serving attacks on the Consumer Financial Protections Bureau's most recent efforts to make banking markets more transparent. What do the banks have to hide?

Some people say it is a waste of water, while others say it's a publicity stunt. Some people have criticized the campaign by associating it with \slacktivism.\ Why throw a bucket of ice water over your head when you can simply donate the money straight to the organization?

The few days before a brainstorm session begins -- the \incubation time\ -- is often the difference between brilliance and boredom. Unfortunately, most companies don't get this.

The thing about growth is that it's not always easy, and making the transition from employment to entrepreneurship provides a unique set of experiences that can stretch and pull you in a variety of ways.
Value is what attracts and retains\u00a0customers and employees. It's also what attracts and maintains relationships with investors, suppliers, distributors and other stakeholders who\u00a0are critical to the firm's success over time.\u00a0A business that does not create value will eventually fail.
Many leaders are concerned about how to motivate their employees. They know that engaged workers produce better results, are more creative, and care more for their work. However, which factors that actually motivate and engage their teams have long been discussed.
Does innovation come from within, or is it driven by outside forces? We often think of innovation as a random stroke of genius, a spark of creativity ignited by a great mind.
The very phrase \employee engagement\ is nothing without the employee. We are all employees, and at times it's easier to blame the employer for our woes without taking a look in the mirror. I've worked with many employees who thought the grass was greener elsewhere.

When combined with multiple electronic communication systems an interruption-rich work environment is created. Evidence shows exhaustion, error rates, stress, anxiety and physical ailments increasing with frequent interruptions.
I will argue that life is difficult, even if you accept fully that it is difficult.  It is difficult not because it is difficult -- though it often is -- but because we humans have a genius for making it difficult.  And we have that genius because we are lost, strangers in a strange world.
Never before in the history of the world, has the playing field been so level for companies everywhere. The advent of social media and blogging has completely democratized the business world, and opened doors for even the smallest of business.
Everywhere I go, I hear people talk about disruption and innovation.  They desperately want to upend their business and be the champion!  But instead, they talk, they make changes and ideas get lost.
The purpose of this article is not to criticize Buffer, their team or their culture because it works for them and they are doing very well. The lesson to be learnt here is you need to really think about where you apply as a cultural fit.
Wondering how to improve your team's employee engagement and productivity at work? An engaged, productive workforce is the lifeblood of company success. But sometimes leaders take the wrong approach and end up harming their workforce culture instead of nurturing it.

I know, people tend to take the current state of a region and erroneously think it's been that way forever, or that it will stay that way forever. But the vitality of urban areas are fluid -- prone to decline and rebirth, just like everything else.
Assessing and managing talent is difficult. If it were easy there would be fewer managers, classes on management, and self-help books! Why is it so hard?


Board micromanagement is an appropriate approach when a nonprofit is in a start-up stage. Financial and human resources are modest, and the volunteer directors must assume some responsibilities normally executed by compensated staff.





The sharing economy sector - where people with average holdings use their homes, cars, skills, and tools to make a living and pay their bills - passed a major milestone in 2014

Leading a \perfect\ life -- very low-profile, never breaking any laws, never participating in any form of social media, never doing anything that might draw negative attention -- does not ensure a clean personal reputation in 2014 or beyond, unfortunately.
How can markets be made efficient when people aren't? Apparent market failures are often attributed to individuals making apparent 'irrational' decisions. However, I argue that markets can be made more efficient when creating environments for individuals that aid their decision-making.
Will Multi-Channel Networks ever disrupt the traditional broadcast TV model? The short answer is they already have...
One of our keynote speakers made the point that it's our authentic, human side -- the side we try to keep hidden from the world much of the time -- that makes all the difference to people.
With Globe University expanding into more states, it should be interesting to see if these attorneys general pay stricter attention to a school that keeps finding itself accused of fraud and deception.
Understanding how we're going to be measured and how success in one's job or department will be defined is important to everyone. And yet, selecting those critical measurements to drive performance and decision-making can be tougher than one might think.
When organizations work well, they allow ordinary people to do extraordinary things. That's because they can be powerful vehicles for combining our strengths in a way that makes the whole far greater than the sum of the parts.
While franchising isn't an easy task, the truth remains that when you combine a strong business model, a well thought out and strategically planned foundation and the patience to set up your franchise properly, the end product will be life-changing.
Author Jean Haner, an anglo-saxon, married into a Chinese family and her mother-in-law taught her everything she knew about the ancient art of face-reading.
Having come to a place in my career now that could be considered success, I've realized that success isn't for me. Now, before you write me off, let me explain.
If you are lost, if you feel overwhelmed by uncertainty, embrace the uncertainty. Uncertainty is another word for opportunity. Open your laptop -- or an old-fashioned pen and paper will do just fine -- and draw your own map.
The way people handle themselves behind the wheel of a car can say a lot about how they conduct themselves in business. Our driving behaviors often reflect not only how we approach life, but also how we deal with others on a day-to-day basis.
The ZMOT isn't a new discussion point. In fact it has been written about thousands of times with as many different perspectives, but for businesses that are slow to adopt or that still think digital and social are fads, the takeaways are becoming more and more important.
A broad-based recovery across a variety of sectors driven by the US should see market conditions continue to foster this trend -- making the next 6-12 months an ideal window of opportunity to do transformative deals.

After 22 years in the workforce, I recently set out on a quest for a greater sense of purpose in my job. What I found had a profound impact on my life both at work and at home. Enter
Where would we be today if leaders down through the ages had not risked ridicule, personal safety, health, and wealth for the common good?  But neither did these leaders make careless decisions about what, where, and when to take action.

It's tough to find any drivers who relish digging into their wallets to fill up at the pump. According to the International Monetary Fund, though, not only should fuel taxes jump by more than 50 percent, the increase should have Canadians whistling a happy tune. Now, here's the real kicker
One of the more iconic phrases in customer service is \give 'em the pickle,\ drawn from a story by Bob Farrell regarding an unhappy customer who couldn't get extra pickles for his hamburger.


Although the premise seems perfectly reasonable, attempting to solve our social and economic problems by copying the demonstrably successful techniques used by other countries probably isn't going to work.
In retrospect, shareholder capitalism wasn't all it was cracked up to be. Look at the flat or declining wages of most Americans, their growing economic insecurity, and the abandoned communities that litter the nation.

The first step that all seriously committed couples, same sex or heterosexual, should do is find a competent financial planner  to help them plot out a well thought out strategy.
Suzanne (Sue) Sears is Vice President of Global Diversity & Inclusion at Kimberly-Clark Corporation, where she is responsible for working with the global businesses to advance and embed the company's key diversity growth strategies and initiatives for business impact


Peter Rinn, Breakthrough Solutions Group, published a list of weak nonprofit board practice. Following are some of the items listed and my estimation of what can be done about them, based on my experiences as a nonprofit board director, board chair and consultant.
Michelle Zatlyn creates products people love. Growing up in Canada, she earned a degree in Chemistry and now applies the scientific method to improving businesses.
There has never been a better time to start a company since there is an abundance of capital, talent and growth rate. The rules of game have changed from a \make and sell\ mentality to \how fast can one turn ideas/knowledge.\
Learning to problem solve, deliver value and communicate effectively as a salesperson will greatly benefit me in any and every professional and personal pursuit in future.

As salespeople or sales leaders, do you follow the same process every time, or do you wing it? A recent exceptional dining experience provided a valuable lesson for how acting with intention and following a defined process separates the good from the great.



We have drifted very far from our understanding of the relationship that is supposed to exist between We the People, our government, and the businesses that our government allow to exist.


Big data is not a replacement for behavioral data, such as user and usage data, or psychographic data, which includes information on attitudes, values, opinions and lifestyle.
As conservatives have been telling us since the wave of inversions began, we can't expect corporations to be \moral\ or \patriotic.\ If we write the rules that let them get away with immoral and unpatriotic betrayal of U.S. taxpayers, they will do it.  So the next order of business is to get Congress to pass legislation.

Technology has enabled us to work anywhere and the locations of work have extended beyond the office building, into a variety of public spaces, fundamentally altering how space is used over time, by blurring the boundaries between corporate, retail, hospitality and residential uses.
At my very first \career\ job, my salary was $28,000 a year. After years of working low paying jobs to pay my college expenses and subsist, I thought I had it made. I was happy and ready to take on the world.
Egads. We've learned that it's closer to 40% of the wealth that lies in the hands of the top 1%. This growing disparity between the uber rich and the expanding poor isn't just an inconvenience for those slipping economically backward every month. The end of the middle class may mark the beginning of the revolution.




ust as Peter Drucker was \the father of management,\ Warren Bennis will be remembered as \the father of leadership.\ It was Warren who first said leadership is not a set of genetic characteristics, but rather the result of the lifelong process of self-discovery.




Making changes in the governance or operations of a nonprofit is difficult; culturally changes can only take place after a long tenured CEO leaves.

'I came to Energizer fourteen years ago because of the brands. Energizer Household Products has two strong, global brands -- Energizer and Eveready -- which I am more enthusiastic about today than ever.'

You and I know that there are literally hundreds of reasons to be grateful for. But, in your busy life, it is something that is easy to forget and move to the other end of the spectrum where you start taking things for granted.
Learning to solve problems and work with people can be the best way to exhibit class. Remember
Companies will maximize the success of their sustainability efforts by collaborating with NGOs. Companies bring valuable resources to bear in achieving social, environmental, and economic impacts.
While sitting in a coffee shop in Manhattan, I overheard a conversation between two women that I suspect happens, on average, every 3 seconds in the world.
Running effective group meetings isn't hard -- it just takes planning, practice and a healthy sense of urgency. Your reward for all this discipline will be less stress, more time for the work that matters most and a team that thinks you walk on water.



When experience and skills intersect with consistent values-based leadership style -- that is when the magic happens and greatness emerges.
Zipcar and Airbnb demonstrate the power of the sharing economy, which has taken off with the simple promise of liberating people from the hassles and costs of ownership and overpriced commercial services.


The excitement and energy buzzing around with other entrepreneurs and small business owners  is truly inspiring, not to mention, the opportunities for business and joint ventures that arise due to meeting and personally connecting.

Today we switch from the \sell\ side (candidates) to the \buy\ side (hiring companies). Ever wonder why certain companies get all the best management talent? Or why other companies can only attract mediocre talent, and in many cases, go out of business?
Communicating across cultures in the business world can often be confusing and uncertain, but it doesn't need to be.  With a little bit of homework and open-mindedness you can avoid some of the pitfalls.
Pick and choose with caution.

Forget about the guy at the grocery store using food stamps to buy lobster. Walmart, the world's largest retail company, is even more dependent on government welfare so it can make jaw-droppingly obscene profits.

Not only did my undercover work fail to provide a way of breaking into writing, it proved that my husband is right and that I shouldn't rely on online reviews if I'm looking for a new air conditioning unit or appliance to give as a wedding gift.

Over the last year I've subscribed to a number of YouTube channels that have consistently helped me identify new trends, understand best practices, and spot high-impact opportunities. Here is a list of my favorites.
Consumers looking to purchase a home within the near future face many decisions, including how large a down payment to make. The down payment is the sale price (confirmed by a appraisal) less the loan amount. In most cases, home purchasers must have financial assets at least as large as the down payment they make.

We are happy to share our must-have apps below. We have no affiliation to these companies, no kickbacks, just our pure honest opinion on what we pay for and use on a monthly basis.
Robert Moses had a bias to build things like parkways and bridges that enabled cars and their passengers in and around New York and especially on Long Island. This led to community-destroying urban sprawl. The better approach is to create higher density, better functioning city centers where people and communities can thrive.
You must keep in mind that a joint venture is particularly aimed at obtaining the respective commercial benefits, but does not include all business or economic activities of the participating members.
What if your point of difference was an acute ability to listen? What would that look like?
The financial media continues to stoke anxiety and fear -- and trading -- with \news\ about a coming market correction.
The charter of the Export-Import Bank (Ex-Im Bank or Bank) must be reauthorized by the end of September. Given the current heated debate it is likely that its fate will not be determined until the 11th hour.
Ever since Zack Brown raised over $50K for his potato salad recipe on Kickstarter, the world has tried to make heads or tails over what the winning formula for a successful crowd sourcing campaign should entail. Enter Dekker Dreyer.


Stress is like a violin. If the strings are too loose we get no music. If they are too tight the strings will break. We must all find the right balance between work and our personal life.
Authenticity is what turns a pretty picture into a priceless work of art. Likewise it is what people look for -- or should -- in their personal relationships. I believe this holds true for our relationships with businesses as well.
To paraphrase the Scottish poet Andrew Lang, don't use data as a drunken man uses a lamp post -- for support rather than illumination.
When 200 New York City fast-food workers walked off their jobs in November 2012, their demand of $15 an hour seemed like a fantasy. But over the weekend, as more than 1,000 fast-food workers from 50 cities gathered in Chicago for the first-ever nationwide fast-food workers convention, the workers' call for $15 looked prescient.
In this article I'll outline three great ways you can increase traffic to your blog and get more eyeballs reading your content.
As the quality of life continues to decline in America, I've been wracking my fevered brain for the single, perfect image to represent our downward spiraling dystopia. Like the \Grand Unification\ theory sought by physicists.
To assert that economists are having trouble figuring out the relationship between inflation and unemployment is like saying chefs can't figure out what to do with salt and pepper. It's that fundamental. Yet, we're befuddled, and that has powerful policy implications.
If you are a songwriter, an artist that draws cartoon images, a dance choreographer, or an independent film maker, you must educate yourself and obtain adequate knowledge of the basics of copyright ownership
A nonprofit director's duties may be much more difficult than those of a for-profit board member.
It wasn't so many years ago that starting a new e-commerce business on the Internet was a complex custom development project, usually costing a million dollars or more. Now you can do it for free.

This trend is changing the world, and I'm thrilled. At first, it tiptoes in quietly. On stilettos. Then suddenly and seemingly out of nowhere, comes its deafening blast. Women are rising. Never before have we so aggressively, efficiently, fearlessly and successfully pursued our goals.
Mr. Steven Rattner demonstrates that he lives in an oil industry induced fantasy whose preachments have seduced the public, our government, our press in the misguided belief that the price we are paying for oil is a market derived price reflective of actual supply and demand. Nothing could be further from the truth.
Stop gambling with your business and start challenging conventional thinking. Look for and develop new ideas of doing business. Ask \why not,\ instead of \why.\ This will help to pave the way for new ideas to emerge.
When long hours can't be avoided, here are five impactful tips that can make your employees feel valued and comfortable when putting in extra hours.
Last week, we polled 150 Millennials about their favorite and least favorite brands.  I was struck by a few common threads from within the data. There were patterns I found compelling, particularly given that this poll was unsolicited -- there were no dropdowns or menus to choose from.

The digital revolution has intensified the clash between the top-down and bottom-up brand-building models
Should I invest? This is the question for many in today's still somewhat unstable economic world.

Imagine a time in your career when the road ahead seems seems perfectly clear.  Free of obstacles, your goals are obvious, the plans predictable and the effort to achieve them almost, well effortless.

The recovery continues, but it remains weak, indeed a bit weaker than we forecast in April. We have revised our forecast for world growth in 2014 from 3.7 percent in April to 3.4 percent today. This headline number makes things look worse than they really are.
Are you sitting at your desk right now with your earphones in pretending to listen to music while secretly avoiding your annoying coworker? Well, you're not the only one.
Modern lead generation can still take a lot of time and energy to make it a successful venture, but you can quickly solve your lead generation needs with the right campaign. Now it's time to get to work!
Critics have torn into Piketty's model. In my view, Piketty's and Solow's models are both fundamentally flawed in that they rest on the same ahistorical, apolitical, two-factor neoclassical foundation.
The only constant is change. If you're not moving forward, you're falling behind. This is why you need to evolve your brand on a constant basis and even rebrand when warranted.
The United States today faces a retirement funds crisis
The single biggest challenge for an artist regarding the music business is the eye-opening truth they discover as they pursue their dream. The business side of music always reveals gut-wrenching realities.


Lyubomir Hristev, 24, works at a marketing agency in Sofia, Bulgaria, and sports a neatly cropped black goatee.  Tech savvy, creative, bursting with ideas, Hristev hails from a new generation of entrepreneurial Bulgarians.



As the outsider, you've got to figure out who's who on the team. You have a lot of new relationships to build.
The power of visuals in marketing and advertising is not the future, it is the present.  Ok, technically it's the present AND the future but my point is this is not something that's coming down the road nor is it a trend or a fad for that matter.
It's a solitary feeling, looking over that mountain of paperwork at the hipsters running to the bar, the kids running to the park and the moms running after their kids.



In a recent Wall Street Journal article, Bill Gates shares some of his convictions about what makes or breaks developing businesses. Based on his vast experience I suggest that many of his insights can serve as models as well as caveats in the nonprofit environment.
In the world of coordinated creation of social media stories, there's typically two kinds of success, or ROI, on social campaigns -- Cost Mitigation and Sales Increase.
Dr. Karin Hehenberger is the founder of Lyfebulb, an educational and social platform dedicated to helping those with chronic illnesses lead their optimal lifestyles.

Like being a dog owner, managing relationships with your customers is a huge responsibility. It takes a whole lot of time and effort.
If you're thinking of starting a restaurant, you need to sit down and ask yourself
As people, we've become accustomed to asking questions publicly, digging deeper and going past the advertising noise that bombards our senses every single waking minute.
The other day the German minister of justice, Heiko Maas, was asked in an interview how often he is using Google to crawl the Internet. His answer
If you haven't heard of Stephen Dubner and Steven Levitt, you might need to spend some time rethinking your...  well, thinking. Dubner and Levitt have a few essential tips on how to think like a freak, and I've pulled from these a couple of ways you can apply the same creative thinking to content marketing.
First of all, the authorization for the statute expired in 2003; since then attempts to reauthorize the legislation were undertaken in both the House and Senate which culminated in the act that was passed last month.
People are more empowered now than they've ever been. And they're having their say in ways they've never had before, heard by wider audiences and taken ever more seriously.
On July 21, 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act became law. As with human 4-year-olds, the party parents throw may be a little duller than on the first birthday, but the toddler now appreciates the present in the box more than the box itself. Let's look at what's in the box.
Contracts protect both parties. Just make sure you fully understand all details before signing on the dotted line.
We may think that the principles of self-management are newfangled and untested, simply because the majority of organizations we've experienced haven't used them.


After a recent public talk, I shocked the crowd by admitting that the Levi's jeans I was wearing that day \hadn't seen the inside of a washing machine.\ Now, everywhere I go, the first thing people say to me is \Oh, you're the guy who never washes his jeans!\
As the sophistication and creativity of marketing communications increases, a message of inclusion resonates with tremendous impact and deep emotional connection. And as it does, it creates a powerful loop.


Regardless of pipeline capacity, Permian Basin crude is shaping up to be the next big oil boom thanks to new technology.
Performance is so vital because it is the foundation for two higher-order goals of personal and organizational success in the business world
The growing Creative Economy and the democratization of production is fostering a large generation of lone wolf professionals, competing fiercely for a place in the sun and their fifteen minutes of fame.
Entrepreneurship is a path that very few people have the ability to pursue and stick with. The challenge of entrepreneurship goes beyond the simple day-to-day tasks or even the skills required to achieve success.
Walgreens becoming a \foreign\ company is a slap in the face to Americans for a number of reasons. As Sorkin noted, they received $16.7 billion from Medicare and Medicaid last year, which is about 25 percent of its corporate revenues.
Help, I'm under attack.  All of a sudden I can do no right.  How did I get into this situation?  More importantly, how do I get out?
After all these years ... do you actually know the head Keebler elf's real name?

Whether you are an occasional or chronic complainer, you can boost the productivity of your team by making fewer petty complaints in the workplace.




LeBron has shockingly decided to \head back home\ to Cleveland. And no matter your feelings on the situation, there are a lot of valuable lessons about setting your goals and knowing your worth that can be learned from Mr. James.

Business executives, there are ways to supplement your business process and strategy, and it's up to you to do it. Gaining momentum in today's digital world is so much easier than it used to be years ago. Or is it?
Even if you love your work, you might not always love your Mondays. Last week, when my own Monday dragged a little, I came up with this list to jump-start the day. It helped. May it now put a spark in your day.
When an opportunity in her hometown with Tough Mudder, as the Chief Strategy Officer presented itself, Cristina knew she had no choice but to pack up and head back across the country.



What leaders say is far less important than what they do. That's one of the clearest conclusions we drew from a study, in collaboration with HBR, of 19,000 employees around the world, focused on how they experience their lives at work.
Look back on the happiest times in your career or life, and the least happy times, and you will see your own pattern.
Like reading a map, we look for two things -- where we are now, and where we want to go. We then connect the two dots with a path that guides our direction. Once we get to where we're going, the map gets tossed back into the glove box. But in life, our destination doesn't define the end of a trip, only a stop over. What then?

The choice between saving lives and preserving our own careers may be clear enough. However, in many cases, the gap between competing values may not be as wide.

With these three keys in hand,the great entrepreneur inside of you can emerge and embrace the infectious obsession that has made so many men and women great.
Before a trademark application is filed, a thorough and professional search should be conducted to rule out the likelihood of a competing mark already in commerce.
While I applaud all of the incredible offerings within corporations to help their employees get healthy, I'm flabbergasted by how many people don't take advantage.
Too often, we embark on the journey like Alice in Wonderland, with only a vague destination in mind and no sense of the path it will take to get there. And then, because it feels like forward momentum, we schedule a bunch of meetings. We're moving now, aren't we?
White men could be the most important group to ensuring that diversity and inclusion truly works. By ensuring that they are engaged, interested and invested players in diversity and inclusion conversation America will forge a new normal.






From Chanel boutiques in Paris and Beverly Hills to Christian Dior stores in Shanghai and New York, Marino is an interior Design Hall of Fame member.
Although under-used by average LinkedIn members, LinkedIn Groups can be critical to a successful job search because they enable you to communicate directly with recruiters. And vice versa.
I never thought I would fit the mold of the \typical\ Millennial




It was a session of the Kentucky Bar Association, but it felt like a wake. A reasonably large crowd came to hear about the downbeat topic of attorney suicides. Two years ago, a number of Kentucky attorneys took their own lives.

Not having a written business succession plan is at the very least an underlying cause of business failure. The reality is that the business landscape is littered with leaders and owners who chose to imperil their legacy and family's security.

2014 has been the year when the discussion of well-being has migrated from health and wellness magazines to business magazines. Wellness, and how to integrate it into our work lives, has become the hottest topic in the business pages. And that should come as no surprise. Because, though it would be nice if this change were simply because of altruism, what's happening is that big business is finally realizing that the health of their employees and the health of their bottom line are inseparable. In other words, big business has learned that wellness is good business, even in the boiler room of burnout -- Wall Street and the financial sector.

Shelley has gone against the grain most of her career, starting in 2000 when she left the corporate world to pioneer online research. Shelley created OTX (Online Testing Exchange), which in just nine years became one of the largest and fastest growing research companies in the world





Another Independence Day is upon us. This year, however, I'm calling on all those who yearn to be free of the shackles that bind them to a job or career, which is safe and known yet limiting and unfulfilling, to create the career of their dreams.
Fargo is no L.A. or New York City, and it probably never will be. But it's certainly more successful in terms of unemployment and happiness of its residents.



As our economy exceeds the capacity of the planet to sustain us and future generations, we need to monitor the size of our economy more closely than ever. And there is no better measurement of the size of our economy than GDP.

What many online business owners do not realize is that there are legal requirements for having an online presence. The two most common documents needed are \Terms & Conditions\ and a \Privacy Policy.\
Before you start applying for jobs internationally, do the basic research on what kind of work visas or permits you'll need to have to accept the position.





I assumed that having a full calendar, sending emails late at night and getting five hours of sleep was the rite of passage to becoming not just an executive, but an important executive. But if being crazy busy is a mark of success, how come everybody seems to hate it?
Innovation orphans need to be adopted. Though they might not be invented here, or by you, they may be worthy of your support. Just be sure that you really love them.




When you become the head of a major company, you instantly join the ranks of the rich and famous. Ethical questions aside, new evidence shows that the perks of celebrity life are bad for companies. Here are six situations that CEOs might want to refuse.




Smarts are useful. But the character and heart of an organization will have a lot more to say about its long-term impact than its collective IQ.
LinkedIn works very well for the millions of people who make the effort to understand how to leverage it effectively. And those people are very likely not spending more than fifteen a minutes a day on LinkedIn, once they have a solid, complete Profile.
Given this 24/7 access to infinite information, why do most people still think success is all about being the smartest person in the room? You're meant for so much more.
Considering that 95 percent of beer consists of water, alcohol companies must play a major role in the mitigation of water waste and climate change.




Achieving financial stability will continue to require risk management skills, good governance, personal ethics, and, above all, courage to act to prevent further deterioration of finance.
Besides its high cost (an estimated 1.8 million victims paid more than $12 billion in related expenses in 2013), medical ID theft can have deadly consequences as well.



Clearly, there are some things about the way Canadians live their lives that would be helpful for us to emulate. Unfortunately, investing is not one of them.

A few weeks ago, I climbed Mt. Kilimanjaro. During the seven days' climb on the Rongai Route, I thought about the many lessons the mountain was teaching me, lessons that can be applied to implementing a sustainability program within an organization.

Restaurant workers and their pay have been making headlines for nearly a year now as fast-food employees protest for higher wages and the Obama Administration attempts to increase the minimum for all workers. Here's what you need to know about minimum wage.
Unplug and reconnect. Amazing how the message seems to resonate... or maybe not so amazing. I imagine that back in the day, some cave mom told her intense, wall-painting son to get out and hunt a mammoth or two and reconnect with what is real.

The story of a private equity firm, a missing pool fence, and the death of a two-year-old child raises troubling questions about how, as a nation, we define security in housing and why, in the midst of what's regularly termed a \recovery,\ many neighborhoods may actually be growing increasingly vulnerable.


Verizon doesn't say as there was no information supplied with the filing about how many customers would be impacted or even how many lines are in service that are based on copper.







With bargaining power shifting from home buyers to sellers in an increasing number of local markets, buyers in competition with other buyers are looking for any edge they can get. One possible edge is a pre-approval letter (henceforth PAL) from a lender.


If you've worked in corporate America you're likely familiar with some of the scams employers use to screw employees. This article isn't necessarily for you. This article is for recent college grads or anyone for that matter that is new to the workforce and getting their first \real job.\

As summer heats up, droughts across the nation are causing municipalities to restrict water usage. My town of Lubbock, Texas, is no exception.
Eliminating waste by adopting just in time marketing means to avoid portraying women in different roles \just in case\ she is in that role at the time you market to her. What this means is that instead of focusing on women as the object, focus on the subjects of her interest.




Why should entrepreneurs and business owners care about integrating search and social into a marketing plan? They can't afford not to. Let the statistics speak for themselves.
Employees are the largest non-financial drivers of success in a company, and that if leadership was attuned to their employee needs and the culture they have built, it would result in better performance. Bottom line, if they treated you better, they would be even more profitable.
When my father was alive, we would often discuss the progress the company was achieving. With each great success, he would tell me to stop patting myself on the back and would remind me of one of his favorite sayings, \Success is never final.\


Whether you're leading a Fortune 500 company, a mom-and-pop store, or an entrepreneurial start-up, realizing personal and organizational dreams can raise (instead of sacrifice) your whole person well-being.




I believe the American economy can do some crucial things to put itself on a much more robust path toward growth. First, though, we all have to get a clear picture of what's kept the recovery so frail since 2008 -- factors in place long before the near-collapse of the financial system.
There is simply no reason that 65 percent of marketers have no plans to offer a seamless shopping experience in the next year and a half, at the very least.


Do you really know who your customers are? What do they look like, and where do they live? To stay competitive and interesting, stores now need to give shoppers a good excuse to drop by.
The dirty little secret of corporate America and the practice of diversity is that 25 years after establishing \diversity\ offices, most companies have not developed a mature understanding of how diversity can contribute to their bottom lines.
At a time when the American automobile industry is changing yet again, JD, or Dave as he is known, shares his knowledge of market research and the wisdom years of measuring the market has taught him.
A uniquely recognizable logo is the mandatory badge today's brands wield in an effort to reinforce their perpetual supremacy. But really, do we actually need all those stinkin' badges? When is enough too much?
As humans we are peaceful and happy by nature, and mindfulness tools are proven techniques for us to learn to manage stress and bring more kindness and purpose into our lives, workplaces and the world around us.
Avoid litigation when you can. When you can't -- win. Is it worth it? Or, more importantly, when does it make sense to fight it out in court, and when should you do everything possible to avoid it?

A championship culture is different than a winning culture. If Derek Fisher can keep that and everything else Phil Jackson helped him learn in mind, he can build a championship culture in the New York Knicks basketball team. This is the key to long-term success.
Some of us were told to go to graduate school, taking on more debt, being advised that this would set us ahead of the competition. And after graduation we found -- and continue to find -- that the economy is still lagging.
My wife, my infant son, and I arrived at the boarding door, baby in arm and bags in hand. That's when we found ourselves caught in an example of one of the biggest workplace problems of our time.



One of the main reasons why there will be no sustained economic recovery is because the stimulus derived from the massive decline of interest rates has already accrued to the economy.





It's an Elon Musk world, and we're just living in it. Before we bow down to a seemingly fearless and altruistic pioneer of electric vehicles and libertarianism, it's important to point out the ongoing contradictions with Musk and markets.
Review some of the events that successful campaigns organized or participated in, and model their success. This is another way you can make reverse crowdfund-gineering work for you.
While you may think giving your staff a couple of extra hours of free time a week is feeding their souls, you're wrong. Time off is always welcomed, but employee happiness and productivity are driven by much more than free afternoons.

Tesla Motors is freeing up its 200 patents to electric car competitors, throwing automotive analysts into a frenzy. But CEO Elon Musk is just following the profitable open source road paved by Salesforce, Facebook and Apple.

Without integrity, nothing really, fully, works. The many costs of ignoring it, or taking it for granted.... are too steep and too persistent to continue.
When we open ourselves up to be more aware of our experiences, we create opportunities to tap into a much greater store of information outside the limits of our conscious conceptual awareness.
The business case is clear. Research has confirmed that companies with women in leadership roles -- on management teams and on corporate boards - on average, outperform other companies.

In a time where everyone has access to the same marketing and social technologies, and new open-source tech and startups pose a daily threat to industry incumbents, a company's values and social-purpose story will be a critical lasting differentiator.
If tooting your own horn is hard for you (a common thing among women), PRACTICE. Or ask a colleague or sponsor to \toot\ on your behalf (and do that for others).


Many multinational companies now ban children from working in their operations, but child labor is still a central issue for them. In the globalized economy, products have long and complex supply chains, often reaching down to a multitude of small, local producers.




Many leaders operate as if their meeting brand doesn't directly affect their professional brand. We're here to argue that they're one in the same. Most professionals spend the majority of their work day in meetings; their perceptions of one another are based on what they see during these.

Beginning with the Revolutionary War, America's capacity to care for our multitude of physically and mentally wounded warriors has proven woefully inadequate.



While social media platforms do create new opportunities for personal expression, communication, and engagement with the team, fans, accounts, potential customers and, let's not forget, media/bloggers, they also create new responsibilities.
We are amazingly brilliant and hard-working people. We manage family, work, friends, living spaces, school, exercise, cooking, coupon cutting, plant watering, voicemail listening, gas pumping and ALL of the other life things that we jam pack into each and every single day. That's a HUGE deal!

Leadership problems are one thing, but the culture a leader creates has the ability to either accomplish great things, or magnify incompetence. At whatever level you lead, do your best to create a great organizational culture.
According to a survey by the Deloitte Shift Index, 80 percent of employees report job dissatisfaction. Do you fit in this category? Here are eight signs that you've chosen the wrong job or career.
As more companies create inspired, innovative and hands-on environments, the demand for additional workplace benefits in the form of flexible hours, onsite daycare options and expanded healthcare provisions grows.

It's your money. Don't let anyone -- including family members -- scam you out of it.
Founders interested in taking their company public should try to do everything right from the beginning of their startup launch so that the company is ready when the time comes.

Justin Hartfield founded an Irvine, California-based company, Weedmaps, that I came to find out is considered the \Yelp of Cannabis.\

If you've never hired secret shoppers for yourself, here are some common messages they have to communicate to their clients. Are these same issues persuading your own customers to walk away without leaving clues?
Here's the sugar-coated version of what I'm about to say
If you describe yourself as accomplished, obviously adjectives are not enough. Include some details about achievements that help the prospective employer believe that those are not just empty terms.
Conscious awareness of the comfort principle is its cure. If I acknowledge that I am subject to this natural phenomenon, I can make conscious, deliberate choices.
On May 27, 2014, the New Jersey Division of Rate Counsel filed with the Superior Court, Appellate Division, a Notice of Appeal to halt a stipulation agreement between the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities (NJBPU) and Verizon New Jersey (VNJ) to erase a 20+ year plan called Opportunity New Jersey.



An uneven recovery. This is what economists are discussing, but more problematically, it's the reality that too many American families are facing every day.
Funny how everyone talks about how important workers are to companies, but no one seems to do anything about it.
Building a workforce where everyone \fits\ doesn't imply homogeneity, which breeds group think -- a fatal flaw in a competitive global economy.
With shows like \House of Cards,\ \Modern Family\ and \Game of Thrones,\ the massive influx of quality TV has ushered the now traditional medium into a second Golden Age.
The dreaded question of What should I do with my life? is a common one. From childhood to adulthood, we ask it of ourselves and others ask it of us. The decision can be tortuous.
\I think the overwhelmingly enthusiastic response to the High Line is a great example of the value of creative thinking in designing public spaces.  So many cities in the world now want to create their own High Lines and are thinking about abandoned spaces in a new way.\
One data breach could mean financial ruin for a SMB, so it is important to react quickly in case of a breach. If your business has been breached, here's what to do.




Independence is first and foremost in the American spirit. But, our society is at a crossroads. Within the next two decades 20 percent of the U.S. population will be over 65. This causes great debate when it comes to aging and driving.
Do any of us get too many emails to be rude, not respond, and not show respect to those who are sending us matters of substance? And who gets to define what is and isn't a \matter of substance?\
As more women advance in the workplace, it's becoming clear that corporations seeking to achieve a balanced leadership agenda are better off not trying to make women think and act like men.
Every day, our increasingly independent children and adolescents are faced with coolers full of beverage and energy drink options, and they must have innovative and attractive milk alternatives that make it easier to make the nutritionally smart choice.
The time has come to break through the cognitive dissonance and come up with a coherent plan. The Post is right -- doing nothing is simply not a viable option.


Large pet retail companies have announced that they've pulled the treats from their shelves, but products with \Made in China\ buried in lines of small print (or in one case) hidden on the bottom of a \pocket\ package are still available in supermarkets and large drugstore chains across the U.S.
The primary reason for U.S. structural unemployment, economic stagnation, adverse balance of trade, and shrinking revenues is the export of our industries, services, and R&D and reliance on the importation of low tech goods.
As the Canadian government pushes a new law rendering pipeline companies liable for all damages from leaks and spills, the only friend to both sides in this polarized world of dirty oil sands is leak prevention technology.

As innovation becomes a necessity for survival, so will immediacy and accuracy characteristics that make up the innovative process and the product.
The United States is behind the curve when it comes to the percentage of renewable energy resources on its national grid. And with domestic oil and natural gas production increasing, low-carbon solutions may fall even further by the wayside.

Yes, you may still need to work at a job you don't want for a while longer. But, it's better for your bank account and your resume to move smoothly from one job to another if you can.




Most aspiring entrepreneurs are convinced that the strength of their initial idea somehow defines them as a leader, as well as the success potential of their derivative business. In my experience, it's a lot more complicated than that.








Why do people keep going and even increase their schedule and to-do lists, despite the obvious decrease of their life quality?
Traveling back in time sounds fun and all. But there's one, er, reality that Hollywood forgets
We recently embarked on a project to elevate the awareness of the sharing economy and are proud to share a look into a Day in the Life of the Sharing Economy. This movement is not just a trend, it's a way of life.
In just one click and a nanosecond, social media have a lot to say about corporations, their behavior and, ultimately, their reputations.
As America becomes more multicultural, many corporations have begun taking a total market approach when trying to reach consumers, rather than looking at distinct cultural attributes of multicultural segments.  This, according to my guests, is leading to the decline of long-standing black agencies.

The evidence is beginning to pile up.  Evidence for eventual full recognition of Bitcoin as an alternative payment system.  Take a look at this list of recent events.
You may be resilient enough to absorb the shocks, but here are some roadside assistance to ensure you not only survive the trip but enjoy the ride:


Work and organizations are going to be changing more in the next decade than they have in any other thanks to the development of computing and other kinds of technology. When incorporating the new technologies that are being developed into how organizations are designed and operated it is critical that the quadruple bottom line be the criterion against which change is conceived, implemented, and evaluated.


It is time to start planning for the future and the future of your taxes is in about 240 days. That is when the IRS is expected to start processing 2014 tax returns (assuming no late tax legislation changes or other IRS delays) and you will be able to file your taxes and receive your refund.
If you look at all these questions, the underlying issue is talent. How to attract, recruit, hire, onboard, mentor, develop, coach and lead a team of people who fit the organizational culture and produce results for your organization.


Just when you think the way has cleared for a smooth ride, challenges come up just to keep life and business interesting. How do you find success in the face of setbacks? How do you keep a great attitude and set yourself up to win?
Learning to love technology, to embrace it and use it well, may involve early crashing into each other, but in the long run, it can be a great tool of connection.

I'd like to propose a digital currency that acts to balance the playing field. Start with bitcoin and let's make a few modifications.
MSNBC writes that a possible solution to Net Neutrality -- commonly known as an 'open Internet' is to reclassify broadband as a \Title II\ service, which was changed by the FCC to an 'information' service, commonly known as 'Title I\.

It can be nerve-wracking for others to watch from the outside, especially those who grew up in a generation that touted climbing up the ladder in one company.



Just as the supply of shale gas brought down North American gas prices, so too will the new supply of Russian gas lower prices in China.

After survival is assured, it's a natural human urge to find a higher calling, or purpose, to give self-satisfaction. Many people incorrectly pursue this as a destination, or cause, rather than a direction. Purpose isn't a cause; it is an approach to work and serving others.


Even if a bank had never officially employed Geithner, his attitudes and concerns clearly reflect those of the financial industry. This comes through in matters big and small.

Until now, buying and selling a car was the root canal of transactions.  Every step is usually fraught with ugh, including the painful, ritualistic negotiation process.
The integration of more women suppliers into the global value chains of multinational corporations is a powerful mechanism to help women grow their business, generate wealth, create jobs, and contribute to the vibrant prosperity and wellbeing of their communities.

Forget the salad wraps or apple slices -- McDonald's is now serving up an even more creative alternative, in an attempt to satisfy thousands of workers demanding fair wages and respect at the workplace.




The day after the lawsuit I was approached by a woman who said

While it is true that the long-term dynamics of unequal wealth distribution are indeed unsustainable and unconscionable, a reality much less obvious is buried in the data


My late great father, California Congressman Tom Lantos, would often remind me with a wry smile
Advertising, one of the oldest tools in the brand arsenal, has found new energy, expression and reach by leveraging the power of new media to develop long-format content and to extend their engagement with social media and PR.
There are some rules of life that we need to question, especially if we want to succeed in business and leadership. These are three that stand out for me.
Select advertisers and publishers are giving native advertising a bad rep. But neither party can entirely be blamed for this. Their needs are in constant conflict.
\Empty vessels favor the bold,\ I told my friend. A unique and potentially memorable name, when paired with a quality product that truly meets consumers' needs, can be the most powerful asset a brand can wish for.
Imagine for a moment that you were a computer. What sort of error messages would you have seen already today?
I've read articles knocking the teen sector for their lack of willingness to find a summer gig; but every young person I've encountered wants a summer job because they want money. The two sort of go hand-in-hand, yes?
This case poses a dilemma for senior citizens who seek to protect themselves from being scammed when they no longer have the cognitive ability to make decisions about their investments. If you can't trust members of your family, what should you do?




Iran is serious about achieving a position on the international stage that's reflective of its reserve potential, the country's oil minister, Bijan Zanganeh, told an international energy summit in Moscow.
It's no exaggeration to say that prospective bosses can know more about you than members of your immediate family know.  All they need do is purchase the information from one of the hundreds of databases available.





Our mission grounds us, but it isn't our strategy. You have to be willing to change or pivot from your original plans. We all assumed we'd be telling stories that spark hope and action by making feature films.
A balance owed to the IRS could result in large fines and put a ding on your credit report. So if you missed the tax deadline, be sure to follow these steps to hopefully avoid most of these consequences.




While the spring thaw is coming later than normal in both climate and housing this year, there are new signs that the market is picking up.

The era of digital marketing as an all-encompassing, multi-channel, multi-faceted, integrated approach is here


You've got your diploma and a killer new job, now all you need to do is find a place to live! Relocating and landing your first apartment can be stressful, but we're here to help.


We often benchmark companies to learn best practices, but in people management, we rarely benchmark our practices by looking at high-performing individuals.
Customer engagement is a term that is tossed around frequently in marketing circles. I am finding out that even though many of us are using it in daily conversation, there is an element of confusion. This phrase has become more buzz-term friendly than user friendly. Let's clear up the confusion, shall we?
Millennials are very different from generations before us. Where our grandparents valued hard work and grit and our parents education and job security, we were raised to believe that we could be whatever we wanted and to dream big.

I collapsed at work. Twice. Once was not enough for the perfectionist in me. But, thankfully that was several years ago. My body forced me to stop, whether I liked it or not. I finally listened and made what I thought at the time were difficult decisions.
You may never be able to afford paying $100 million or so for your home, but you will have the satisfaction of knowing you have not contributed to the ability of your \money manager\ to live a life of crazy excess off your back.
Let's face it, today's consumer (read

In order to avoid publishers blindly attempting to preempt the future,\u00a0it is worth critically asking:\u00a0What will (and should) happen in order for publishers to be successful, long-term?
One of the first critical steps in building your business is hiring employees. Yet interviewing job candidates is often ineffective and, worse, presents abundant potential for costly mistakes and missed opportunities. Interviewing itself is far from foolproof.

American hotel workers are not highly paid to begin with, and they deserve a lot better than a bunch of celebrity reactionaries preventing them from doing their jobs.
The convergence of human capital differences between men and women suggests that there must be another explanation for the remaining gender pay gap.


There are several ways to guarantee that your next business meeting is a success. Making a good impression is key. Here are fifteen tips on how to do just that.
If you are not building a strong, reliable email list, you are making a big mistake! How do you expect to generate sales for your products or services and achieve sustainable growth in your business?

Wahlburgers, while not targeting middle schoolers, shows that the best products are a multi-sensual experience for which the consumer isn't sure where the line between promotion and product lie.
The big news this week in the Chevron-Ecuador saga is the Patton Boggs settlement with the oil giant, which should not be shocking to anyone following the financial troubles of the law firm.
When you are passionate enough about something, you often don't need a lot in monetary compensation.
With the rare exception, however, we don't see much of an appetite from the wealthiest capitalists here in the U.S. to engage in a new form of capitalism that would \redistribute\ or change the manner in which income or wealth is presently being shared.
2. Know your audience
As marketing directors on the brand side, we were frustrated that we could never find an agency embracing both qualities and offering the whole package so we decided to start our own.


To boil things down, there are really only two roads we can follow in an environment of such as this. The economy will either muddle along at a sub-par rate of about 2 percent until balance is restored, or we go down the path of running up debt in an effort to produce higher growth rates in the near term.
From procurement to design, building, delivery, and service, there's considerable opportunity -- not to mention massive room for growth -- at some of the world's largest companies.

Thomas Piketty and friends have collected two centuries of economic data -- such as tax returns -- to verify what was suspected but not known.
One of the greatest benefits of an open innovation platform for a financial institution is that they can honestly say that they listen to what clients and potential clients want and, perhaps, more importantly what they need.
I highly admired them for the infinite efforts they put into \giving,\ and especially, into mentoring students and professionals.


Are you like me, always trying to carve out time from your day to read blogs, eBooks, whitepapers, attend webinars, watch videos and visit yet another website? Our challenge isn't finding the information, but finding time to read it.



Your bullying tactics are exactly what makes me embarrassed to be a consumer.



Acknowledging the national importance of entrepreneurship to America's economic growth, one of the attendees there asked an important question

That the board fired Chahal is not surprising. Media furor was only growing, and partners and customers were dropping the company in spades. The nuance of the question, however, is not so much why Chahal was fired, but how we define the threshold for firings of this type.
Native advertising dates further back than you think. Years ago, lots of big publishers and many even bigger brands were doing it, but no one called it native advertising. Bloggers, journalists and advertisers referred to it by a different name


If you are one of those highly accomplished, over-caffeinated, exhausted business leaders, you're in luck. It is now cool to admit it, and approach things in a healthier way.
The share of wealth controlled by the super-rich in the United States has actually increased about five percentage points (from 17 to 23 percent) since 2008. Is this the \free market\ at work?
Let's face it
This is a good time, therefore, for borrowers to make sure that their mortgage has not been converted into a SIM, and if it has, to develop a plan for protecting themselves. It isn't all that difficult once you know the drill.
What makes one country better prepared for change than another?





The House has already acted; the White House has said enough is enough. It's time for the Senate to do their part to reform the patent system so that it rewards innovation -- not trolls trying to manipulate the system.


Like many investors, Paul and Mary don't trust Wall Street. They believe the stock market is rigged against small investors. They wish they didn't have to invest at all. However, they have done their homework and understand the impact of inflation on their purchasing power.
It is possible to get great work done -- to be creative, strategic and still be productive. You just need a roadmap. You need strong habits and rituals so you can spend your energy on your creativity and strategic stuff, not just managing your day-to-day.
When he was 12-years-old, Robin was climbing up Lookout Mountain in Colorado on his first road bike at 12 miles an hour long after dark one night. He heard a siren, and a police officer stopped him; it was way past curfew.


The sources of work-related stress are pervasive, across many companies. Failure to build more positive management cultures in our organizations will lead to yet more surveys that will cite similar findings.
Today's blog has been written while in the midst of an emotional whirlwind. The culprit behind the chaos? An impending, temporary move overseas.
Below I have summarized the 10 most memorable Leadership Lessons I Learned From My Father so far...
An economy with nobody working is boring. The share of the population that is working simply has not recovered.
I am managing a team of 11. My main goal is for them to be happy and productive. How do I optimize that experience for them? By not micromanaging and allowing them to work where they work best.
In short, the workplace is changing and men experience many of the same work-life conflicts as women.
Southern California truck drivers at the Long Beach and San Pedro ports, will soon go on a limited two-day 'exhibition' strike to protest what they see as a gross misclassification.  Truckers as far away as Savannah, Georgia, are expected to join in the protest.
Although you may have a vision for a company or your body, you still have to embrace and live in the moment.
Recently the Hyundai Sonata Hybrid received an upgraded electric motor and more compact battery so gas mileage was even better than before at 38 miles per gallon combined.



Personally, I think the guests we have had on from Singularity University have been my favorites so far. People like Dr. Omri Avirav\u00adDrory and Austen Heinz have really stretched my thinking about what viable business models might come with the future of bio and nano tech.



Entrepreneurship is more about building a business than inventing a product. It's more about the quality of the execution, rather than the quality of the idea. Most importantly, it's more about being a proactive leader.




I'm a true believer that nothing is really new in the world; it's just a constant rehash of old or existing ideas. What's new is how those old ideas are put together, mixed, mashed and clashed, and that is what makes things entirely new and special.
Jamie Oliver is making an impact beyond what most TV celebrities do, from helping reform legislation removing unhealthy ingredients in fast food to community outreach at the local level by helping elementary schools rethink their lunch menus.

Your content marketing will attract customers seeking to solve the problems you are best at solving. When that happens, your sales efforts will be about determining if you can help, not convincing them of your talents.
As technology continues to evolve, so does the way users interact with it, making new and innovative user acquisition strategies necessary as well. Growth engineering requires equal parts marketing, technology and creativity, which is why the best toolboxes are as diverse as they are ever-changing.


Having spent six years in two different colleges (for both my Bachelor's as well as Master's), I have a clear idea of what business schools aim to do. However, I also found that there are several things that they don't teach even though they really should.

Startups are the juggernauts that discover new markets, which drive growth and wealth creation in our economy. It's in our interest to nurture the ecosystem that allows startups to thrive.
Lululemon's comments can and likely do cause negative social effects by creating a concept of the ideal fit female body as one that only can fit comfortably into its pants. It should begin to impose on itself an extra duty to be socially responsible.
Fiona McNeill\u00a0is Global Product Marketing Manager at\u00a0SAS, co-author of The Heuristics in Analytics








Leaders need to provide an opportunity for others to offer additional input and, in particular, dissenting views. Often, the final moments of discussions are the richest, as people will wait until that time to surface what is really important to them.




St. Louis is already a city that has lost so many good-paying blue-collar jobs. Lyft and Uber are part of the Walmartization of America






In her book, Schulte cites study after study showing that working extreme hours just for the sake of showing up is a habit
Several of the countries that dislike American leadership the most have also undergone recent political upheavals. Mass demonstrations
The clinic parking lot is jammed at 10:30 on a Monday morning. Inside a bustling waiting room, patients talk to staff members
There\u2019s no doubt that great strides have been made in Americans\u2019 health over the years. Americans smoke less, are more likely
When a person or firm makes too much money for too long, it turns heads. And so it was with Steven A. Cohen. Year after year, Cohen's firm, SAC Capital, beat the Street. Big bets, the theory went.
I had at least 25 scenarios and if I continued I could have got more. There were real problems with the current copy/paste and we had indeed 'reimagined' the whole problem without even thinking about it.
-- Those looking to contact Chili's can do so through its website. On April 7, the restaurant chain will be donating 10 percent
During the 2011 tax season, Americans paid 9.8% of their income in state and local taxes \u2014 on top of taxes collected by the
(Wall St Week Ahead runs every Friday. Questions or comment can be e-mailed to angela.moon(at)thomsonreuters.com) (Editing
These are the nine CEOs with the worst reputations. Some CEOs, however, are not popular with employees. At nine major companies
A tidal wave of valuable data is surging from the Internet and connected devices today, and the volume is growing exponentially each year. It's enough to drown any business which tries to fight it or ignore it, and it's an opportunity to ride higher and faster for those startups that use it.
10. Evansville, Ind.-Ky. > Well-Being Index score
WASHINGTON \u2014 America\u2019s health insurance marketplace closes on Monday night, the deadline for most people to obtain coverage
And Optimo Cigars, a bodega in Union Square, has been replaced by a boutique cupcake store (of course). Jade Mountain Restaurant
Conversely, in each of the 10 cities with the lowest well-being scores, incomes were lower than the typical American household
Based on the charts, we learn that some of history's icons had more eccentric habits than others. Consider Beethoven, who
Exceptional leaders systematically and pragmatically go against the status quo. They thrive in counter intuition. As technology commoditizes, the herd gets larger and larger, so go in the opposite direction.
3. The Floating Forest, Sydney, Australia What to do with a wrecked coal ship? That was the question Australians didn't want
The United States is still slowly recovering from the recession, and incomes across the nation have declined in recent years
For most job seekers, providing a list of references is an afterthought. The toughest part of the job search is over -- landing the interview and performing well enough to get to the \final four\ (or five or...). Whew -- it's almost over! Not so fast!
And getting businesses like Qualcomm on board makes this is a model to keep the idea of STEAM in the forefront of things
Anyone who really wants to understand what is happening with education in emerging economies should look to Sunny Varkey. Born to expat Indian teachers in Dubai, Varkey is now head of the largest operator of private K-12 schools in the world, GEMS Education.
The stuff we buy has been shrinking, shrinking, shrinking over the years.The more companies tell consumers they love us, the more they show us that they don't. Some say that modern retail is really a 'war to con consumers.'
Gourmet coffee is defined as espresso-based drinks as well as regular coffee made with beans that the drinker considers gourmet
Business Insider reached out to Mohamed for an update on the New Normal. Here is what he sent us in response. Read more on
These are the 15 highest-paying companies in America, according to 24/7 Wall St.
A better question than asking about the quality of an idea, is asking about the quality of your plan to cash in on the idea.
To determine the retailers closing the most stores, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed large retailers that have publicly announced store
Buffet and Munger, close partners for 54 years are sometimes described as 'being joined at the hip.' Two Stanford professors have developed an analysis of Munger's comments on good corporate governance.
Fairfax County, Va., and McDowell County, W.Va., are separated by 350 miles, about a half-day\u2019s drive. Traveling west from
Despite improving since the 1960s, the gender pay gap is still quite wide in the United States. Moreover, the gap seems to
You hate your job. You try to pretend like you don't but you do. You get in the car every morning, with your coffee in hand, and take a deep breath.
Global military spending was down in 2012 for the first time since 1998. And for the second year in a row, arms sales from
You can buy certain gold and silver bullion coins such as American Eagle or American Gold Buffalo coins (proof and non-proof
These are the worst product flops of all time. To identify some of the worst product flops of all time, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed
Counterproductive gender biases keep gender equality stagnating
Leaders realize it's about people, not things. When you work a lot with technology it can be easy to confuse priorities and become infatuated with the technology. Strong leaders put the people first and leverage technology to make them more efficient.
Customer satisfaction with retailers in the U.S. is at an all-time high, up for the third year in a row. While the industry
Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg's Lean In aimed to spark a conversation about women and the workplace. But with that positive message came some questions about whether Sandberg was in touch with the realities of the average American woman.
The verse started with Google proposing a settlement, then the European Commission market tested it, Google's competitors put pressure on the European Commission to reject it and the verse repeats. We are now on the third repeat of the chorus.
When traveling abroad, it's important to learn about the people and culture you are doing business with, so as not to be misunderstood or appear rude. Here are some tips for businesspeople and other visitors traveling in the UK.
For a few years I've been warning about the dangers inherent in the digital currency bitcoins. Not because of the virtues
The result is that poor people are forced to move out of neighborhoods where rents are rising, or leave the city. Outlining
These are the 10 states where income inequality has soared, according to 24/7 Wall St.
Apple CEO Tim Cook has not been known for taking a strong stand on, well, just about anything. Caution has been the watchword
\It's hypocritical for Hollywood, with its Screen Actors Guild and other unions, to contract out non-union security officers
The answer is voyeurism, plain and simple. I want to see which Big Kahuna took a gander at my profile page on the sly. I want to congratulate myself on being interesting enough that people want to hunt me down and learn more about me.
Other factors considered by 24/7 Wall St., in addition to data from the Well-Being Index, may also influence a state\u2019s score
Decision-making and its consequences are often divorced from one another in organizations. At concept presentation meetings
RS
A boost in the minimum wage to $10.10 would add $200 million -- or less than 1 percent -- to Wal-Mart\u2019s annual labor bill
CCSU ranked the cities based on six categories
Please mind the gap
Even as a young woman counting several early successes, Carrie's youth has brought her equal challenges in a world dominated by those her senior.
At a time when theatre concessions were anything but sophisticated or creative, it was Julie's vision to create an elegant food and beverage experience.
Although a little late this year, due largely to the federal government\u2019s 17-day shutdown in 2013, tax season is here. Read
\u201cToday\u2019s tax code allows a far larger share of the income of the rich to escape taxation than the poor or middle class,\u201d Summers
Creative Edge Nutrition, a Michigan-based nutritional supplements company, has come up with an interesting plan to legally
Instead of seeing this as a devastating, disastrous and crushing defeat, the UAW should be encouraged by its remarkable showing against staggering odds.
Last week\u2019s big business news was the announcement that Comcast, a gigantic provider of cable TV and high-speed Internet
Humans are horrible at understanding compound interest, and it's making our golden years much less so. Read more on The Atlantic
\u201cI am excited,\u201d auto worker Justin King told me as he put on his cowboy boots to get ready for the victory party planned
HAMBURG/BERLIN, Feb 16 (Reuters) - Volkswagen's works council said it would press on with efforts to set up labour representation
Apart from being eyecatching, they helped the Swedish supergroup exploit a Swedish law which meant clothes were tax deductible
The Kennedys were wealthy because of the financial empire built by Joseph Kennedy. Herbert Hoover made millions of dollars
Leadership does not mean having followers; it's about having an impact, or influence, on those around you. After I saw Joshua as a man like me -- not a stereotype of a homeless man --I couldn't stop thinking about how I could help him since he already helped me.
So that means no one is steering your career ship. You okay with that? No one is going to serve you a career on a silver
Similarly, the production of maple syrup relies heavily on weather patterns. With poor sugaring conditions in recent years
What impact does great design have on a startups' success, and how can they best apply design when on a shoestring budget? It is a mistake to think that plowing design resources into a visual identity, as usual, will do the job.
In a letter to employees, AOL CEO Tim Armstrong reversed the company\u2019s recent decision to change some 401(k) benefits. Read
AOLers - We began our journey together in 2009, and for the last four years have had an employee-first culture. As I have
Nearly 9 million pounds of beef produced by the Rancho Feeding Corporation in Petaluma, Calif., were recalled on Saturday
Questions are important. Actually, that's not right Questions are VERY important When the great master Peter Drucker passed away, several gurus remembered their interactions and experiences with Drucker in various media outlets. I had an opportunity to read many of them.
Unleashing your life's work is not about doing. It's about undoing all the beliefs that stand in your way. You already have an off-the-charts destiny for your life. You already have the hard-wiring to be the most exquisite version of yourself.
The incredible women changing the face of technology further this evolution as they impact our lives on a daily basis while demonstrating a new-found confidence, beauty, intellect and skill previously unexpected of women entering such fields.
For many Americans, there\u2019s no escaping the stressful rush hour drive \u2014 but not for everybody. Many choose not to own a car
It should have been a glorious week for AOL chief executive Tim Armstrong. His company\u2019s quarterly earnings, announced Thursday
U.S. employment-at-will law essentially allows an employer to fire at any time or an employee to quit at any time without legal consequences. Montana is the only state without employment-at-will after a probationary period.
January is always a good month for behavioral economics
Is America really the land of opportunity? According to data just released by Gallup, 80% of Americans believe children in
Part of China\u2019s growing appetite for red wine is the country\u2019s taste for certain French varietals. China is, for example
Why are there so many bad bosses? They're bad because everyone is afraid to tell them. And generally, as you climb the corporate ladder, fewer and fewer people tell you the truth. This is terribly unfair when you think about it. What's a horrible boss to do? I can give you three proven steps.
Fresh off our New Year's celebrations, many of us chart a course for our personal and professional improvement. We reflect on where we have been and where we want to go. Change is a part of the beginning of a new year.
Those who have the social fluency to succeed in face-to-face settings and who use rich stories to promote their brand emerge as the rising stars.
Recently I was talking to a new friend about sponsorship. In particular, I was talking about the need for women to sponsor younger women in their careers by championing them for internships, jobs, promotions, and fellowships with introductions and more.
In Metro areas where economic growth is strong, jobs frequently follow. Many of the nation\u2019s fastest growing metro areas
A top aide to a Republican congressman from Arizona helped promote a legislative plan to overhaul the nation\u2019s home mortgage
Reduced Fed bond buying will reverse the liquidity that has flooded into higher-yielding emerging markets assets. \Complacency
Government cutbacks are also the main reason for our soaring inequality and social immobility, as domestic austerity policies have endangered the social safety net while conservative state governments inhibit collective bargaining, voters' and women's rights.
But it was possible some U.S. officials suspected that Japan was \encouraging further depreciation of the yen by winking
U.S. vehicle sales reached a six-year high in 2013, with 15.6 million units sold, up from 14.5 million in 2012. Demand for
Each of these next-level strategies is engineered to get you unstuck and on-track. As you execute them, you will intuit other strategies that you can immediately apply, unearth new business opportunities, and begin cementing powerful new relationships.
The most important thing that HR should focus on in talent management is assessing the skills the organization needs to implement its strategy, and the plan for recruiting and managing that critical talent.
While many patients, anxious about their well-being, simply want the doctor to tell them what to do, that is, ultimately, a prescription for failure. Sustainable change only happens when people take full responsibility for their own condition.
Rich Lesser and Wendy Woods of the Boston Consulting Group sat down with HuffPost Live at Davos on Saturday and gave some
Collins also participated in a panel led by Arianna Saturday morning called \Health is Wealth.\ When comparing science and
\The struggle is not about saving the planet. The planet does not need saving,\ Naidoo said. \This fight is fundamentally
The 2014 World Economic Forum, also called the Davos Annual Meeting, comes to a close Saturday. Today's events include a
Ethical Capitalism is not some idealistic dream; it is a powerful engine that drives long-term value creation.
\I would call attention to the parallels of fascist Nazi Germany to its war on its 'one percent,' namely its Jews, to the
Target last month said hackers had stolen some 40 million payment card records and accessed 70 million customers' records
Right now, the states already bear a substantial burden. They pay for public pension plans, unemployment insurance, education
... and combs containing hidden daggers
Members of the panel included Dr. Francis Collins, director of the National Institutes of Health; Nestl\u00e9 CEO Paul Bulcke
See McDonough's interview above, and see more from Davos below
Polman said the political process has become \incredibly difficult\ and is riddled with \poor agreements.\ Polman said people
Smith said government needs to take steps to restore trust with citizens, and said President Barack Obama's recent speech
Arianna is moderating a Saturday panel at the 2014 World Economic Forum called \Health Is Wealth.\ Speakers on the panel
Jafar said he's concerned about a lack of corporate governance in the Middle East, saying the problem is \a time bomb on
\The fast-paced lifestyle is really... more and more disconnecting us,\ Scharmer said, noting people are looking for a way
See a video of Courtois' interview above, and see more from Davos below
\When you think about it, girls and women are the largest market in the world,\ Yoo said, asking what business leader or
I work in executive search. It's a relationship business. Period. Yet, to reinforce these relationships and truly thank someone for their time, whether a referral or even a search assignment, nothing comes close to a handwritten note.
Hint
\Now I do it a couple days at a time,\ Gates said. Watch Gates' interview above and see more from Davos below
Hawn, who deleted the tweet and apologized to a number of her Twitter followers, called Jonathan's anti-gay actions \very
The provisions in the agreement will overrule measures passed by national, state, and local legislative bodies, in effect stripping democratically elected officials of much of their authority. Since most of the text is still secret we can only speculate on what the final agreement will include.
Lifestyle entrepreneurs who are just building a business to make a profit and support their awesome lifestyle (Bend has a
How is your nursing experience helpful in your position at Marketron? Being a good nurse requires emotional stability, empathy
Despite performing important jobs, frontline workers in health care -- ranging from phlebotomists to medical assistants, certified nursing assistants to housekeeping staff -- typically earn less than $40,000 each year and may not be getting the support they need to advance in their careers.
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was a leader who, like Mahatma Gandhi before him, and Nelson Mandela after him, showed us the way from weakness and division to strength in unity.
If one is inclined to make notes of meetings, it is best to do so as a matter of routine on a regular basis. These notes should be stored in more than one secure and tamper-proof location and format.
As a forty-one year old man -- who has lost many things in life, including my hair -- I don't view this topic only in jest
It may be that necessity is the mother of invention, but surely that's not what spawned this meal-holder \condo\ idea floated by McDonald's in New Zealand. This makes KFC's new \Go Cup\ look like a shanty.
IN my last year on Wall Street my bonus was $3.6 million \u2014 and I was angry because it wasn\u2019t big enough. I was 30 years old
2. Look and Listen
In summary, companies must remember that authentic engagements, with positive intentions and solid content, will help develop
For years, American students have consistently ranked poorly compared to most developed nations. And according to a recently
While many of the top innovators consistently make the list, the shift to mobile devices could mean opportunities for new
Target has not disclosed how the attackers managed to breach its network or siphon off some of its most sensitive data. By
With much of the developed world hobbling under the burden of massive public debt, The Economist couldn't resist the opportunity to encourage a global, multi-trillion-dollar \new wave of privatizations, this time centered on property.\
Legal marijuana merchants like Mr. Kunkel \u2014 mainly medical marijuana outlets but also, starting this year, shops that sell
The U.S. has the highest corporate tax rate in the developed world. After Japan lowered its tax rate last year, the combined
Deflecting a compliment is not modest or unpretentious; it's actually a bit rude. After all, someone has taken the time to not only notice you and your efforts, but has gone a step further and actually acknowledged it.
DELAYED DISCLOSURE Most states have laws that require companies to contact customers when certain personal information is
Last week, as 52 passengers were rescued from a ship stuck in Antarctic ice for 10 days, I was reminded of an earlier expedition to the dangerous, seductive and, at the time, largely unchartered continent of Antarctica
Even if we put aside the moral argument for supporting direct care workers, it's in our national interest to better compensate and support these hardworking people who do so much to help the rest of us. The challenges confronting this workforce send shock waves throughout our economy.
Reeder declined to comment if the breach was related to the Target cyber attack. (Reuters) - Luxury department store chain
Many of the most-hated companies have millions of customers and hundreds of thousands of workers. With this kind of reach
Homeownership is a bit more democratic. Houses account for a larger chunk of the assets of the US middle-class compared to
Which companies -- and which metrics -- will survive is up to investors to decide. Institutional investors all the way down to individuals -- or even you -- can vote with your wallets.
I am not a full-time writer.\u00a0If I were blogger-in-chief of Acme Corporation, then I would rightfully be judged on my output
While consumers may have been shocked to learn of The Gap or Benetton's latest designs strewn amid the wreckage of \death trap\ factories, they might have missed another bit of debris
In order to determine the performance of the nation\u2019s largest cities, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed the 100 largest U.S. cities
David Brooks has a much-discussed, mostly maligned column in today\u2019s New York Times bemoaning the legalization of marijuana
3. Curated Content
Click here to see the worst-run cities in America
Ty Warner, the creator of the Beanie Baby In 1985, Warner launched Ty Inc. out of his condominium in Illinois and in the
It is time to explore new ways of working, and as we do, it is important to consider the foundation of culture and strategy in the organization. For all of these innovative, agile forms of management to be successful, two core elements must be in place.
Over the course of our lives, we only get a few thousand weekends. The most successful people know better than to squander
2. Every single task, job and role in a company is just as important as all the others. Success in one area absolutely flows
ONE MORE WEED LINE FOR GOOD MEASURE! LIKE WEED FATHER, LIKE WEED SON! Weed line in Colorado pic.twitter.com/XXRz7J3klN \u2014 CHRIS
Finding your niche is a great feeling. It is a privilege every day to be rewarded for work that combines your unique skills
Pollsters say Hollande's government runs the risk of a massive protest vote against it in European Parliament elections due
If you had to choose one and ONLY one resolution that would change the trajectory of your life, what would that be?
Like cats, brands clearly think of themselves as people. So it seemed only natural that at this time of the year, brands should look backwards at their failings, and forward to the clean slate of 2014, and set themselves some New Year's resolutions.
Leading organizations understand the value of human capital and increasingly social/human and environmental aspects are included
6. The Fisherman\u2019s Wharf Public Realm Plan The Fisherman\u2019s Wharf Public Realm Plan reimagines the popular tourist destination
If an entrepreneur doesn't find themselves in over their head at least 20 percent of the time, they are probably not pushing the limits, not taking enough risk, and probably not working on an idea that's worth doing. The challenge in to know when and how to ask for help, and not let bravado and ego mask anxieties.
At Audi City, Interested car buyers will go to a private room where they will work with an Audi salesperson to construct their dream car in detail.
Last week, after years of partisan fighting, Congress approved a two-year budget deal. Not included in the measure were any
Professor Todd Zywicki is vying to be the toughest critic of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the new agency set
I recently had the chance to talk to Nolan Bushnell about his career, as well as his relationship with his son and fellow entrepreneur Brent. Brent Bushnell runs a company called Two Bit Circus, a purveyor of novel out-of-home entertainment.
We have become individual broadcasters and marketeers, amplifying the voices of creators whose stories we deem worthy to be seen and heard (even those, like Mr. Burgundy's, that are blatant promotions!). Think about that.
Luck is as random as it can get but hard work will surely help to increase the odds of you getting lucky. As we both know
Signs of the energy business are inescapable in and around Houston \u2014 the pipelines, refineries and tankers that crowd the
The San Francisco-based bank's brokerage unit was ordered to pay at par value to investors including James Cohen and a family
These are the worst product flops of 2013, according to 24/7 Wall St.
Despite great strides made in 2013, there are a few things on the wish list for 2014
In a high volume business, you may be able to get by with historical percentages for win rate, but in many businesses, a few opportunities could make or break the year. How real are they? My 2014 challenge to you is to stop guessing.
While progressives have sought more Fed transparency , the left's preference has been to boost employment through Fed-fueled consumer demand. This could change.
Using hotel records, the cab company tracked down the passenger, who arrived at the company's office in sweats and a T-shirt
It's Christmas shopping crunch time, and you procrastinating present buyers aren't the only ones feeling it. Read more on
My package has been out for delivery since Friday. UPS delay is major holiday Fail. \u2014 John Peterson (@JackPeterson) December
McDonald's also received negative media coverage after it advised employees to get out of holiday debt by returning unopened
Early on in Martin Scorsese\u2019s The Wolf of Wall Street, a woman\u2019s bare bottom fills the screen. Read more on Businessweek
By Susan Cornwell The Affordable Care Act requires most Americans to be enrolled in coverage by March 31 or face penalties
On Monday, Santander - a unit of Spain's Banco Santander - followed suit, lowering the daily limits on cash withdrawals and
Integrate personalization. Let's be honest, we all like to see our name in lights. We also like to confess our secrets, though
I understand the appeal of having a guaranteed vacation home in an area you love and the flexibility many timeshares offer of being able to swap your unit. But I worry that many buyers don't consider all associated costs and mistakenly think timeshares are sound financial investments that will appreciate in value.
Congress and the president have decided to craft budgets that lead to tens of millions of people being unemployed or underemployed. High levels of unemployment put downward pressure on workers' wages, especially those in the bottom third of the labor force. This means we have a federal budget that limits growth and employment in a way that redistributes income upwards. So, inequality didn't just happen; it was the result of government policy. That is why people who actually want to see inequality reduced, and for poor and middle class to share in the benefits from growth, are not likely to be very happy about President Obama's speech on the topic. His comment about the government being a bystander ignores the real source of the problem. Therefore it is not likely that he will come up with much by way of real solutions.
Studies show that the more you toot your own horn, the more negatively you're evaluated
There's an oft-cited study out there that says money does buy you happiness\u2014but only up until a certain point. It says that
This is the time of year when the \pros\ come out in droves, full of themselves, and offer the rest of us their predictions for the coming year. It is counterintuitive to appreciate the fact that they are emperors with no clothes, pretending to have an expertise that doesn't exist.
Embracing failure, working at the edges -- these are strategies that would not work in other aspects of organizational culture. But in innovation, they are crucial. When we innovate, we don't do the same things we do in our everyday routines.
The key is to be authentic. Do not lie. I have heard too many stories of people saying they had to go call the babysitter only to be caught minutes later by the conversation dumpee yukking it up on the other side of the room.
AAA estimates that during this Christmas and New Year\u2019s season, nearly 95 million Americans will hit the road, traveling
Contrary to popular opinion, the Federal Reserve's approach to fiscal policy over the last year, specifically its third (or fourth by some accounts) round of quantitative easing nd its comments regarding unwinding the $85 billion in monthly fixed income purchases, has not been misleading or even confusing.
The Air Jordan 11 Retro Gamma Blue, the latest model in the iconic line of basketball shoes, was launched Saturday. Eager
Money also clearly plays a role in determining health. The healthiest states are often among the nation\u2019s wealthiest, and
Representatives for other major banks, including Bank of America Corp and Citigroup Inc, told Reuters on Saturday that their
As we say goodbye to 2013, the economy is still failing ordinary workers. However, there is hope for 2014. The policies that
Beer is not selling the way it used to. U.S. sales of the beverage declined in four of the past five years. Between 2007
\When you have somebody that's in need,\ Bowers asked the station, explaining his actions, \don't you help them?\ Then, reflecting
Whether you have an inkling or a pounding sensation that the boss is wrong, here are six strategies to help you win your boss' respect without losing your job
Sam Tomanelli, a 57-year-old chef at Barnard College, buying a ticket at a grocery store on Manhattan's Upper West Side, said
I'll debunk some of the myths of content marketing in order to help clarify what it is, how to execute it properly, and how to measure its effectiveness.
In addition to huge paychecks, the nation\u2019s biggest corporate heads are also often receiving special treatment and perks
The Fed has said it wouldn't begin to boost interest rates until sustainable economic growth was achieved. However, no one
During the global financial crisis, suffering increased globally. According to a survey recently published by Gallup, 14
Writing great blogs for your business is one of the most valuable marketing techniques you will find, yet it is often forgotten.
Expanding your business overseas is likely easier than you think, provided you think about the most important things when starting out.
The documents show that a JPMorgan program designed to prevent questionable hiring practices was ultimately viewed inside
Twitter has become an integral part of our lives, and the mindset that led to its creation is just as critical to those looking to market their organizations.
(Click here to read the eight states with the highest minimum wages) 24/7 Wall St.
LOOK
I've been fascinated by IBM for decades. They are one of the few companies who have been able to figure out how to reinvent themselves radically, from a product-centric company to a services-centric company.
Creative people all share five key cognitive processes that are consistent across culture, hierarchy and situational circumstance. Let's take a look at the primary aspects of this critical bent of mind.
If the word content is aligned with clutter, and we also can probably assume it's overused (more on that later); maybe it's time for a re-brand.
The Germen are perfectly able to disseminate their euphoria and enthusiasm on top of their rigor and discipline. A New Europe shall then be born. Perhaps the \Pigs\ can contribute with their creativity and improvisation which the Germen lack.
Next year, U.S. wages will increase by about 1.5% after adjusting for inflation, according to ECA International estimates
BERLIN, Dec 1 (Reuters) - An American who won this year's Nobel Prize for economics believes sharp rises in equity and property
The results of outsourcing include decreased patient frustration, a financially solid bottom line, predictable cash flow and increased net revenue without sacrificing precious time, money, and resources. That's a concept that hospitals and patients can certainly benefit from.
Nikhil Arora and Alejandro Velez of Back to the Roots have done just that -- twice. They perfected the art of mini mushroom farming, and then applied their technique to aquaponics.
You can also reverse engineer this formula. What are your unique AND joy-generating skills? How can you use them to befriend
Public health and patient protection should come before company profit. And this week the FDA has taken a welcome stand to protect public health by insisting that what is clearly a medical service be regulated as such.
Allowing employees to use their time off may result in happy, more productive employees who put forth more discretionary effort. And a final word on one of my personal pet peeves
It's someone who actually looks forward to the beginning of the month when the rent checks start coming in. It's someone who runs a tight ship with systems that can handle the big waves that are bound to come.
HARD TO ASSESS THE FIX \There won't be anything you can tell from the outside,\ said Jonathan Wu, an IT expert and co-founder
Dina Dwyer-Owens, CEO of The Dwyer Group, former Chairwoman of the International Franchise Association and author of Live
When borrowing money, carefully understand the contract. Ignore oral statements and set aside ideas of \fairness.\ Rights and duties are controlled by contractual language.
Walmart advertised low prices on TVs, laptops and kitchenware, but the store's best-selling item was ... towels. Ppl at Walmart
As far as the timing of all of this it will really depend on how quickly you get moving with this and what the Federal Direct
These are ten great American brands that are foreign-owned, according to 24/7 Wall St.
As a suggestion from my therapist, I rise early to sit with legs crossed and eyes closed to breathe in \Let\ and breathe out \Go\ and my mind races like the #BlackFriday shoppers -- dashing, jabbing, prancing on top of the faces of neighbors like reindeer to get a cheaper television.
Who waits in line over night to go shopping? Who gives up their Thanksgiving just to save 10 dollars on a toaster, or even a hundred on a tablet? Poor people, that's who. Those of us who say we wouldn't dream of entering a Walmart on Black Whateverday? We can afford to say things like that.
By Contently By creating a stream of content that stands out from the crowd, you can put your brand on the map, brand key
No words. This photo was taken at the Herald Square Macy's in New York City.
Michael Kors and Coach, right up front, fill up in a flash and the crowd begins to spread to every corner of the sales floor
Thankful for shopping \u2014 Kenzie Lind (@thekenzielind) November 28, 2013 Also for hot tamales \u2014 Kenzie Lind (@thekenzielind
Seen the first fight of the night \ud83d\ude02 only at Walmart \u2014 Sammantha (@Samm_Nani) November 29, 2013 Lol there was a fight at
\u201cI'm going to get arrested for civil disobedience,\u201d Hilgert told San Bernardino Sun.The retailer company also claims OUR
All product and deal information such as discount, price and availability are believed to be accurate as of the time of publication
(Corrects spelling of town's name to Haverford in 16th paragraph) By Suzanne Barlyn, Phil Wahba, Marina Lopes and Dhanya
\From coast to coast, we had the safest start to Black Friday ever. With millions of customers shopping our stores, we expect
Walmart, the nation's largest gun-seller, is featuring a Black Friday \Manager's Specials Sale\ that promises 20 percent
As 'Lawyer of the Year' for franchise law, what do you hope to achieve from this platform in terms of your hopes for the
If you are one of those \very busy\ people, you also know that some of it is your own making. Think about it -- You get busy
Today we aren't working. I plan to relax after I make the stuffing, mash potatoes, sweet potatoes, cranberry sauce, pumpkin pie, get the turkey in the oven, and clean the house. Maybe I should have worked today.
The decision to dismiss the general manager, Tony Rohr, from his job at the company\u2019s location in Elkhart, Ind., quickly
Nov 28 (Reuters) - Some early U.S. shoppers headed to stores on Thanksgiving Day in search of discounted holiday gifts on
Holiday shoppers are about to experience Black Friday and Cyber Monday. Shoppers who avoid these two days can actually learn some useful lessons about spending and borrowing behavior from those out buying.
There have been people who've had to work on Thanksgiving for as long as it's been a holiday. A lot of them perform essential
\Of course we are disappointed. But I also believe that we have an achievement nonetheless,\ JUSO President David Roth told
The worst-run states also tended to have weak fiscal management reflected in higher budget shortfalls and lower credit ratings
The treasures that are right here, right now -- a measure of health, a family, a pet, a friend, a warm meal, a strong faith, the sounds of a beautiful piece of music, or the warm glow of a candle. The list is endless.
The name-calling described Howard as a pretentious black man who rented high-end vehicles, such as BMWs, despite chides on
The NCST declined to provide a list of the participating nonprofits. Some participants that Reuters independently identified
The construction \is a bigger problem than people realize,\ said Robert Booz, a vice-president and healthcare specialist
Last but not the least, responsiveness without relevance or has no meaning for buyers. They don't need salespeople who don't
One year after the Tazreen factory fire in Bangladesh, many retailers that sold garments produced there or inside the Rana
Americans are likely to trim their budgets this holiday season. According to Gallup, consumers estimate they will spend just
It is long past time for Vice Chair Janet Yellen, the nominee for Federal Reserve chair, and Chairman Ben Bernanke to describe the Federal Reserve stimulus hoax and the time bomb the Fed created.
\This legislation will improve the health of all Californians by reducing exposure to smoke that drifts into housing units
At this point in life, many 20-somethings are more interested in when the next game of Call of Duty will start than the best way to start building their financial future. However, there are those of us who want  more out of life, and understand the immense power of time that we have in building wealth.
It is reasonable that new mothers get a somewhat more generous parental leave policy than new dads. However, it is difficult to make a fair, rational case for a 500 percent difference in the length of maternity and paternity leaves.
Holiday shoppers are expected to spend about 3.9% more this year than they did last year, according to a National Retail
On a cold October morning, just after the federal government shutdown came to an end, Jenner Barrington-Ward headed into
There's no way to attain the American dream anymore for young and old alike unless the overall debt problem in America, not just the national debt, is brought under control.  In economic terms, this debt is truly enslaving our children.
Yet, despite a staggering rise in reputational crises globally over the last decade, corporate risk-management capabilities remain essentially unchanged (which, in itself, contributes to the escalated risk).
An idea can be disruptive, which is why the great Steve Jobs sold vaporware. At the inception of your company - even if you are in stealth mode - you should always be selling, or your startup may become moribund.
Nov 16 (Reuters) - Former U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner is joining private-equity firm Warburg Pincus, the Wall
Companies that pay employees poorly fall into one of three industries
Making space for idea generation while you are cutting back or redesigning how work gets done is the most powerful ingredient for innovation to flourish.
What compelling story can you create for your business? 3. Reunion When an Ad tells a compelling story and touches the hearts
So, you've built a blog, invested a grand amount of time (and money) in creating some of the best content in your niche -- these are, naturally, the best pieces you've ever written -- yet your analytics tools tell you yesterday your post received less than 100 unique visits.
Now is the time when most businesses are developing their consumer outreach plans for the 2014. An increasingly popular and effective way for companies to connect with their target audiences is through experiential marketing.
The company told retailers that their orders for fresh turkeys 16 pounds (7.3 kg) and bigger have been cut by 50%, according
As I thought about all the questions that came to mind regarding unnovation vs. innovation, I began to instantly think about how abstract and unorganized my thoughts were.
It is certainly a FACT that the world is changing. Every day, new developments in technology and society rewrite the guidelines for how we interact with our families, our colleagues, and our customers.
Just because Russell Simmons, Magic Johnson, Justin Bieber and a host of other celebrities are endorsing prepaid debit cards, it doesn't mean they are right -- or wrong -- for you. Here's how to work through the decision.
President Obama's recent festival of apologies over the bumpy start to healthcare.gov underlines why it's important to know and manage the more typical reasons leaders fall down.
Some directors argue boards can do little to prevent fraud. I argue that every director should know enough about finances to raise issues about questionable activities.
I hope I'm asking this question on behalf of the majority of my peers, but which school of thought produced the Ostrich strategy in regards to responding to customer service, and ultimately, public relations issues?
David Tran, CEO of Sriracha-maker Huy Fong Foods, said his company could have lost up to $10 million and faced bankruptcy
There's a valid argument to be made that we never should have been our jobs in the first place, and that we should define ourselves by our relationships, hobbies, and outside interests instead. Why should what we do to survive define who we are? We should work to live, not live to work.
It might be expected that a metropolitan area with high income would have very large populations of both extremely wealthy
A small sign-up number, particularly one dominated by Medicaid enrollment, would be seized upon by Republican critics as
This map highlights in yellow the nation's Super Zips \u2014 those ranking highest on income and college education. Read more
The new CFO, Allison Garside, is amazing. She brought the essence of what we talked about earlier - finance vs. accounting
Diamond Foods Inc - owner of Pop Secret - and American Pop Corn Company - owner of Jolly Time - still use the suspect fat
More vulnerable emotionally. Through friendship you open yourself up to acceptance, being liked, admired, respected, trusted
The gender wage gap has narrowed over the years. In 1979, women made an estimated 62% of what men earned. In 2012, the wage
NEW YORK, Nov 9 (Reuters) - The U.S. government urged that Bank of America Corp pay $863.6 million in damages after a federal
Huffington Post's Peter Goodman discusses how China's leaders view social media with Jon Erlichman on Bloomberg Television's
Many entrepreneurs, and the venture investors who back them, seek to build billion-dollar companies. Why do investors seem
\[Retail] jobs by design are low wage and high turnover. People don't have a strong commitment to it,\ said Andrews, who's
According to the most recently available data, just 49% of Yemeni women and 40% of Pakistani women were literate, compared
Focus doesn't get the respect it deserves in the business world. We hear a lot about motivation, stress, emotions, leadership, and team culture, but not much attention is paid to the role that focus plays in your ability to be productive. Well, I'm here to change all that.
As an executive coach, I often work with clients who want to make a bigger difference in their organization and/or the world. Fostering and tapping into a mindset of ownership is the most powerful way to do that. Here's how.
The benefits of using a infographic content and design service are numerous and as a business owner you should really consider adding it to your content marketing strategy.
When I was asked, at five years old, I said an astronaut and a teacher. I imagine that no matter what I would have said at that age my parents would have smiled and told me I could do anything I set my mind to doing.
What I found in researching this piece, is that large, ostentatious perks aren't what make companies tick on a daily basis. A foundation of meaningful work, subtle and personal perks, and enjoying time with talented colleagues sounds like the perfect formula.
More employee empowerment really is a great deal for employees, customers, and customer service managers - perhaps more firms should be exploring this idea?
Now they tell us. After years of hearing that it was impossible to restructure jobs to make them more doable, guess what? According to The Wall Street Journal, when Goldman Sachs discovered it couldn't attract and retain the most promising recruits with pay and perks alone.
As more of the marketing function is digitized, some consumers will always exploit their access and amplification to create needless trouble for the companies unfortunate enough to cross their paths. But no matter how hard, brands must always remember that whenever they sink to that level, they lose.
It's no wonder the labor movement has lost so much traction. With anti-union Republicans, the pro-business media, and gutless Democrats all being joined by a faux-libertarian Supreme Court, organized labor is fighting for its life.
Average in-state tuition at public four-year universities rose by just 2.9% this year, the smallest increase in more than
Investors aren't the only ones who see apparent value in Snapchat. Likeable Media, a social media marketing agency in New
2014 will be the year leaders of consumer goods producers realize that it may be too late to enter China. If you haven't established significant scale already, you probably never will. The PRC will not be an option for turbo-charging future growth plans for current non-players.
It's easy to be ethical. This myth ignores the complexity surrounding ethical decision making, particularly within business
Geoff Vuleta was in the crowd at a Rolling Stones concert last year when Keith Richards lit up a cigarette on stage, the
It was a humbling experience for the chief executive of the world\u2019s most valuable company. Hauled before a Senate panel, Apple\u2019s
24/7 Wall St.
The woman who has become the face of Obamacare has completely disappeared. (h/t Washington Post Health Policy Reporter Sarah
Separate technical problems that have stalled enrollment on Healthcare.gov since its launch on Oct. 1 are at the heart of
And as Larry Ellison knows when you make your own energy to run football fields of servers storing most of the business data, globally and there's extra energy left over -- then it's sold back into the grid, maximizing the investment.
If such persistently low inflation is a symptom of weak growth, it's not exactly obvious that faster inflation itself would lead to improved growth rates. Isn't this mistaking an outcome variable for an input variable? In fact, there are various ways in which higher inflation can help at a time like this.
The Big Board, run by NYSE Euronext, regularly does systems testing on the weekends, but this was the first time it had run
Since humans love to talk, if you can focus on listening, truly listening attentively to the person you're with, that person will adore you.
5. Someone glued my doors and windows shut so I can't leave the house to come to work. The survey, conducted by employment
Median household income in the United States remained relatively unchanged between 2011 and 2012, after falling 7% from the
U.S. government gross debt amounted to 102% of GDP in 2012, 11th highest in the world. On Some of the top-rated countries
I'll stick to a simple rule of thumb. If someone won't put a questionable instruction in writing and there are no clear policies or guidelines to support that instruction, then I'll let my moral compass guide me.
The staff are being allowed to bring lawyers or witnesses to the talks, the paper reported. (Reporting by Arno Schuetze; Editing
When I started the Corner Office column more than four years and about 250 interviews ago, I set several guidelines for the
With all of this talk in Washington about cutting back on spending, you'd think they would get to work raising the minimum
Although it is difficult to directly correlate NFTE's work to increased employment, research has shown that NFTE's educational
Between 2010 and 2011, the percentage of adults with a college degree in the United States remained unchanged at 42%. Since
JPMorgan may still also face criminal charges, according to a tweet by CNBC reporter John Harwood
Former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers, who was in the running to succeed Ben Bernanke as chairman of the Federal Reserve
The stories usually stopped when James was 22 years old. They missed the great story of what James accomplished after sports ended and business life began. He built one of the most successful structured settlement and settlement planning firms in the United States.
Adults are ready to pay for their children's costumes $1.4 billion, while lavishing their pets with outfits that factor in for $330 million.
The world\u2019s older population is growing. According to a report released last week, 11% of the current world population is
WASHINGTON \u2014 In March, Henry Chao, the chief digital architect for the Obama administration\u2019s new online insurance marketplace
Mortgage rates slipped downward for the third consecutive week; but before would-be refinancers and home buyers cheer too loudly, they may want to ponder the reason why. The federal government shutdown is creating a dark cloud that overhangs all aspects of finance.
Around 800,000 government employees have been furloughed during the shutdown, and that number doesn't include private-sector
Trying to configure, calibrate, and properly print a 3D object is a clunky experience. Fortunately, there are services that enable this
Successful early steps also reinforce confidence in everyone involved in the startup, an often-ignored, intangible element of entrepreneurial success.
National technology solutions provider CDW launched its integrated marketing campaign, \People Who Get IT\ in January 2011 but the advertising didn't really start putting on the full-court press until NBA Hall of Famer Charles Barkley joined up in March of 2012.
\We're scrambling like everyone else to keep our heads above water,\ Kuehn said. Scott Kuehn, procurement forester for Tricon
Some days are good for Meem, others she likes to forget as quickly as possible. The first time I saw Meem, which was also
Graph
These are the 10 companies cutting the most jobs, according to 24/7 Wall St. In an interview with 24/7 Wall St., Challenger
The Merriam-Webster online dictionary defines \fraud\ as the \intentional perversion of truth in order to induce another
I have been in regular conversation with a person in Pennsylvania trying to get information about coverage under the Affordable
Twitter is, by most conventional metrics, considerably less popular than Facebook and arguably growing more slowly to boot
As the holiday season approaches, retailers are preparing for the busiest shopping time of the year by increasing their workforces
Amazon has maintained that it regards staff at its centers in the cities of Bad Hersfeld and Leipzig as logistics workers
Many management gurus, academics, and CEOs are writing on change, yet there is a difference between the theoretical and academic, and actual change.
These are the most dangerous states in America, according to a 24/7 Wall St.
That doesn't mean everyone needs to be in a good mood all the time, Albrecht said. But in general, he said, a positive attitude
Rising mortgage rates may have thrown some cold water on refinancing activity, but they have not frozen it completely. Two statistics released this week show signs of hope for refinancing.
ONE afternoon last winter, a man with a shaved head walked into Twisters, a burrito joint in Albuquerque. He was wearing
In fact, as Business Insider pointed out Sunday, \Breaking Bad's\ audience still hasn't peaked. This makes the show stand
Is there a simple way to begin to support leadership development and cultivate the ability to lead with excellence? Happily, there is.
Despite having large migrant populations, many of these nations do not have policies that actively support immigration. In
So, wake up and smell the American-made coffee
In a Skype chat with The Huffington Post, Shifrin wrote that the Taiwanese work environment is very different from the American
The new Tesla Model S, like its namesake, presents us with an equally revolutionary breakthrough, a car literally unlike any other in the last 100 years. It is a complete game-changer, a reengineering of the automobile and the personal transportation industry from the ground up.
Officials working on the sites have acknowledged that information technology (IT) failures will prevent many of them from
Last year, just under 15% of the U.S. population did not have health insurance coverage. But as the different stages of the
Source
I learned that he had at least one young lawyer just out of law school and at least one lawyer in his early forties (or thereabouts
Here are America's richest states, according to 24/7 Wall St. The types of jobs available in each state also affect income
HOW much pay is too much pay? It's a question shareholders have been asking for years. Read more on The New York Times
Despite Benmosche\u2019s confidence, a variety of factors indicate that the problem isn\u2019t over yet. The country's largest banks
I have lived in China since 1994 and in Shanghai since 1998.  When people hear this, the most common reaction is, \You must have seen huge changes.\ I respond, \Perhaps not quite as much as you might expect.\
Our smart, savvy urban youth know it's tough to get a job, and know they can make real money selling drugs -- and most of them have never been taught anything about legal entrepreneurship.
Although the factory owners earlier agreed to a raise of just 20 percent, the workers refused this, calling it \inhuman and
Can Sallie Mae deny you online access? Sure, they are not under any obligation I am aware of to provide online access if
For Soros, whose net worth is $20 billion according to Forbes, this will be his third marriage. It is Bolton's second. The
Over the past decades, the United States has established the H1-B visa as the main gate for skilled workers hired by US companies. In order to avoid any abuse, the US Senate went as far as establishing quotas for H1-B visas on an annual basis.
Last year, household income remained effectively unchanged, according to data released this week by the U.S. Census Bureau
Urban may be the first major U.S. clothing retailer attempting to make alcohol an active part of its in-store experience
Is this what free enterprise is meant to be? I think not!
Sept 15 (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures advanced and futures for the U.S. Treasury 10-year note gained late Sunday after Lawrence
These are the 10 most competitive global economies, according to 24/7 Wall St
It was supposed to help clean the air, reduce dependence on foreign oil and bolster agriculture. But a little known market
'NOTHING'S REALLY CHANGED' \On the other hand, we have the 99 percent who see it from a very different angle, and in particular
Twitter only had around 200,000 people using the service every week when Lehman Brothers died five years ago today. Here\u2019s
Certain states index their minimum wages and could also theoretically reach the $10 plateau by 2016. But the California bill
Thought your job was safe? Not so much, say researchers at University of Oxford's James Martin school. There, a group of
It also means that little progress was seen in PCE inflation getting to the Fed's goal of 2 to 2.5 percent, as we said. Year
An extremely rare $4 gold coin featuring the face of Lady Liberty is being auctioned off later this month in a sale that
That\u2019s worrying news for U.S. workers, many of whom are already hurting for a pay hike. The bottom 70 percent of the income
According to a recent study, the United States is home to about one in every three ultra-high net worth individuals -- those
With only a fortnight to go before Oktoberfest, Germany's boisterous celebration of beer drinking, a leading brewer is facing
\u201dThe sacrifices are enormous,\u201d adds Horowitz. \u201cYou have to work hard, the politics are hard, it is hard to be in a minority
The change in coverage will take effect on January 1, 2014. (Reporting by Ryan Vlastelica; Editing by Nick Zieminski) According
Few 18-year-olds are prepared to handle a large lump sum of money. Laws prevent people from buying alcohol until age 21. It is assumed that people who can't legally buy a beer can somehow be responsible for handling thousands and sometimes millions of dollars.
Rep. Charles Boustany, the chair of the House Ways and Means subcommittee which oversees the IRS, released a statement to
In 2005, when I graduated from college, I moved to New York. While I was looking for a job, one opened up that I would have
Bank of America agreed on Friday to pay $39 million to women who worked in its Merrill Lynch brokerage operation, another
Indeed, according to a 2012 Gallup-Healthways survey, people in nine of the 10 states were less likely to eat healthily on
On the day Bennie Coleman lost his house, the day armed U.S. marshals came to his door and ordered him off the property, he
I started Gov20LA five years ago with a goal to open the dialog and discussion between governments and private groups and
While inflation has been relatively tame in the United States and Europe, several large nations have struggled with rising
Truthfully, the highest credit score is not the score you should be shooting for. The whole point of a credit score is to get you the best rates and credit limits when you are applying for loans and credits. While it seems like the highest score would get you the best rates, you actually don't even need to aim that high.
Not until the 1900s was there a significant fight for an eight-hour workday. According to the Nation, at the time, some magazines
As technology improves and the needs of society change, new jobs are created while old ones move toward extinction. Over
The drugs arrived in an \u201cunnamed, unmarked package,\u201d recalls Timothy LaMere. The rest of what happened that night is more
We celebrate another Labor Day, a national holiday, and how do we remember it?  I would like to remember it as some other developed countries celebrate it.
More From CNBC
Inspectors came and went from a Walmart-certified factory in Guangdong Province in China, approving its production of more
Although a majority of these concerns peaked between 2008 and 2009, Gallup's most recent results indicate that U.S. workers
It will have a U.S. tax liability of around $5 billion. The deal will give Verizon full access to the wireless unit's cash
With the cost of a college education increasing at a pace roughly double the pace of inflation, students are looking at new
Luckily, Yuanqing is not alone in sharing his company's success with every employee. Lord Wolfson, CEO of the U.K. retailer
Alas, Labor Day has arrived. Say goodbye to those white pants and say hello to big discounts from your favorite retailers
The number of workers in other occupations has been greatly reduced because of technological improvements. Jobs in several
Whether it's because of the 15 inches of snow that falls every winter or the nearly 30 days of rainfall every summer, auto
Caterpillar will not break any profit records in 2013. Cancellations from mining customers have weighed on sales and profits
Labor Day is upon us once again and once again the picture for new entrants to the labor force is dismal if they do not possess a tool kit of advanced skills.
Self-driving vehicles threaten to send truck drivers to the unemployment office. Computer programs can now write journalistic
After they sold H.J. Heinz to Warren Buffett and a bunch of Brazilians in June, the ketchup manufacturer's outgoing board
Despite President Obama\u2019s view that growing income inequality is hurting the nation, it\u2019s actually gotten worse during his
Please help me spread this idea... and get it in front of President Obama.  He has daughters.  He would never tolerate their exclusion from sports.
Will you be barbecuing this Labor Day, or slaving away at the office? Read more on time.com
Soon after, a women in New Jersey decided to follow suit, writing in the post \the lady in Buffalo New York was selling these
Similarly, former unpaid interns sued Gawker Media that month, claiming the company was in violation of federal law when
The grind that confronts criminal defendants was a revelation for Occupy defendants, many of whom were white, first-time
Close to a third of the adult U.S. population has a college degree. While it no longer necessarily guarantees a job, as it
Labor Day is a complete rip-off. Labor isn't celebrated at all\u2014instead, a single day's break from labor is celebrated. You
Employees walked out of about 1,000 restaurant. Many earn the $7.25-an-hour federal minimum wage. They're demanding $15 an hour instead, contending, as one Los Angeles striker told The Times' Steven Greenhouse, that \people can't survive on the minimum wage.\
\We were happy first of all that we sold it,\ said Perez in a telephone interview. \We sold a ticket before but nobody claimed
It's been over four years since the recovery officially began, but there are still over four million people who are long
\u201cNSA has zero tolerance for willful violations of the agency\u2019s authorities,\u201d the NSA said in a statement on the news, according
As children go back to school, what they do is a reminder for business. Consider all of the things that we remind our children
This entry has expired
Five years after the failure of Lehman Brothers, the mega banks have rebounded, community banks that serve vulnerable niches of American consumers, and which played no role in causing the Financial Crisis, are failing, and non-traditional lenders are expanding.
A dubious work perk is seeping into America's businesses
Right as the country commemorates the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington, people are flocking to social media to
Such low inflation means producers can't charge more for their products, therefore can't increase profits unless they use
Income inequality increased dramatically between 1979 and 2007, when a global financial crisis rocked not just the U.S. but
(Hat tip
The mother of one of the survivors told Sky News, \He said it seemed to lose power and there was no time to brace. They just
Use conversational intelligence as a way to break from the past and create the future. Rather than thinking about situations
24/7 Wall St. reviewed consultancy firm CoreBrand\u2019s recent report on brand reputation. CoreBrand measured the familiarity
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said on his weekly radio show Friday morning that one of the keys to his success was essentially
The U.S. economy may be struggling to recover from the Great Recession, but the reputations of the industries many blame
Updating and refreshing a corporation's identity to reflect the change in the marketplace and the character of the business is a delicate but much needed act. We all do it, but the approach varies greatly -- from evolution to revolution.
Federal authorities have opened a bribery investigation into whether JPMorgan Chase hired the children of powerful Chinese
With political will, America has the ability to promote high and inclusive economic growth, create sustainable jobs, enhance productive opportunities for its citizens, improve public services, and arrest the type of inequality that silently eats away at social integrity and cohesion.
\It's been happening for the past 20 years,\ said Ronald Wan, Chair Professor of Renmin University of China and a former
This Wendy's \Grill Skills\ training video from the 1980s doesn't require much of an introduction. We suggest you watch it
Others, like the Tax Foundation\u2019s Scott Drenkard, argue that some states are motivated by profit. Specifically, increasing
Conversational Intelligence is our most powerful and human and hardwired skill of connecting with others through conversations. When leaders turn to each other to draw out our best thinking and translate that into action, we are exercising our Conversational Intelligence.
Huffington Post Reader Question If you'd like to stay posted on all the latest get out of debt news and scam alerts, subscribe
The decision to require identification to purchase nail polish remover appears to be a proactive one on the part of CVS
Still, without speculating about the volume of business a mail-order option might bring, the Boulder, Colo.-based Brewers
As the nation continues to recover from the recession, not only is the unemployment rate down, but the underemployment rate
Which industry has the most egregious surcharges? Airlines have added some surprisingly sneaky fees over the years and were
Republicans claim to be the party of entrepreneurship
The latest lottery winner overcame a 171 million-to-one shot to win the Powerball. He is going to need the same kind of luck to hang on to the money and keep it from destroying his life.
Generally, investors assess a company\u2019s performance by studying key financial metrics. But another useful strategy, according
The largest jackpot in history stands at $656 million, won in the Mega Millions lottery in March 2012. That prize was split
So what is wrong with at least some of the Fed Governors that they see growth where there isn't any? How in fact can they
A recent FTC study showed that almost 42 million people have errors on their credit report, which is a ridiculous number of people. Five percent of those people saw a 25-point jump in their credit score once the errors were fixed. What does this mean?
A household with $53,000 in outstanding student debt -- which is the average college loan balance for a family headed by
But this does not change the fact that it is harder lately for low-skill workers to move up through the economic ranks. Ideally
24/7 Wall St.
(CNN) -- A California lawmaker has scheduled a hearing to examine disclosures of significant fraud in taxpayer-funded drug
Head to CNN for the crazy video. Read more on cnn.com
(CNN) -- Tabitha and Lucas Rainey were beginning to get suspicious. Read more on cnn.com
Marketing materials touting the museum say it \illustrates themes of hunting, conservation and freedom.\ But the museum is
In July, FLA took the step of slashing salaries for staff members by 20 percent for the rest of the year and requiring non
Meanwhile, no senior Wall Street executives have faced criminal prosecution for their role in the crisis and big banks have
McDonald\u2019s, Burger King and Wendy\u2019s are facing slow growth and disgruntled employees while also competing against new chains
The cyclospora infections account for more than 400 cases of illness in 16 states, according to the Centers for Disease Control
These are the states sending the most people to prison, according to 24/7 Wall St
One report by the organization Generation Opportunity measured the youth jobless rate at 16.1 percent in June, more than
The program has been criticized by the American Civil Liberties Union as a \jail for the rich,\ KQED news reports. However
When the original sexting scandal involving Anthony Weiner broke in 2011, his first explanation was that his Twitter account
And it was unclear whether Cohen's more than 500 investment professionals, traders and analysts, will remain with the firm
Connections can get your foot into the door for an interview or, in the examples above, help you land the job, but, soon performance counts.
The belief and fear that automation and mechanization are about to make most human labor obsolete, and thus create unavoidable mass unemployment, seems always to be simmering below the surface, like a passive volcano.
Quartz
Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke jolted markets in late May with plans to ease back on stimulus efforts once the economy improves
The 22 Babes filed suit against the Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa alleging weight discrimination, according to the Los Angeles
As a result of the sequester, which went into effect in early 2013 to help cut the U.S. budget deficit, a federal program
A report from non-partisan public policy center Demos released in 2012 looked into the effect of large retailers raising
In their entertaining and readable Anti-Textbook, Canadian economists Rod Hill and Tony Myatt first present the conventional models of introductory microeconomics textbooks and then skewer them, drawing on a wide range of resources.
\You have to be very confident of the origins of the funds you are dealing with. If not, it's very simple, you have to walk
On Thursday, the city of Detroit filed for Chapter 9 bankruptcy protection. The total value of the city\u2019s outstanding obligations
The adage of a long journey starting with a single step is not completely accurate for organizations. The journey starts with as many single steps as there are employees.
This isn't the first time allegations of discrimination have been leveled at Convergys. In 2011, the U.S. Equal Employment
American companies have been piling up more and more cash lately, which perversely has become a talking point for why the
Using customer development to identify a problem and validate a solution For example, they knew if users provided feedback
\We thought that people would pay attention, that it would cut through people's attention and make them talk, and it did
It's been 30 years since Trading Places came out. And, to be honest, I never really understood what happened at the end of
One big reason why mascots are no longer cool is the exploding popularity of so-called fast-casual chains such as Chipotle
From 24/7 Wall St.
None of the five are likely to be jailed as the sentences of under two years were suspended and the longer ones may be replaced
It can't possibly be in the interests of shareholders, companies, efficient markets, or a better world for board members to hang on for years and years, especially people who have little or no experience or expertise in the most vital challenges facing today's global marketplace.
Retail companies get discounts for shipping big volumes of goods, but the percentage differences between the zones are similar
It is the highest-profile trial to date stemming from the SEC's investigation of the events leading up to the 2008 crisis
The days of the Commodity Exchanges functioning as casinos should be brought to a cataclysmic halt by forceful government action serving the interests of the public's well-being and sane economic policy.
The other workers were a medical assistant employed by the Cedars-Sinai Medical Care Foundation and a student research assistant
Dr. Robert Martin, the co-founder of medical cannabis testing company CW Analytical, is a 30-year veteran of the food industry
5. You now have a chance to break the Guinness record of Twinkies consumed in one minute. (The record currently stands at
24/7 Wall St.
The meager show of support for business executives is actually a slight improvement from previous polls. In 2009, when Pew
THAT'S THE FACT, JACK Representatives for Zimmer and Men's Wearhouse declined to comment. Men's Wearhouse, however, could
LONDON -- A classic Mercedes-Benz race car driven by Formula 1 legend Juan Manuel Fangio sold for 19.6 million pounds ($29.6
More frequently, comptrollers use their power to clash with other city politicians and build their resumes. Top priorities
July 12 (Reuters) - Unexpectedly large quarterly profits at JPMorgan Chase & Co and Wells Fargo & Co hide a more worrisome
Later, in a section highlighted by Above the Law, Sevier accuses Apple of enabling \unfair competition\ between porn actresses
More than half of the world\u2019s population believes corruption in the public sector is a very serious problem. Liberia and
Like both his grandfather and father before, Mario Costra has spent the past 20 years navigating the watery streets of Venice on his gondola.
Meanwhile, Publix estimates that if the Florida law passed, it could shave $1 million from the $37 million it paid last year
Annual board elections are a progressive approach and best practice to board governance.
* Companies to pool data on factories for first time Bangladesh has pledged to improve safety, but it has not pledged new
His sales manner was so confident and he had three people in his employ, so I was intrigued. Here was a young entrepreneurial artist who created four jobs.
Why do people who have money blow through it? The must-read new book, Happy Money
\In addition to stronger rules, we need to make sure that in a system of national control and national responsibility, sovereign
For the first time since 1998, global military spending is down. This coincides with a major decline in U.S. spending, which
While the budget cuts that took hold on March 1 do not appear to be hitting government payrolls directly so far, some economists
It is clear that flight 214 struck the ground short of the runway threshold. This indicates that the aircraft was below the glidepath in the final stages of the approach. But eyewitness accounts from passengers and observers may produce dramatic reports but are no indication of accurate events.
In the late 1990s, there were no \women's circles\ or \diversity groups\ or \power lunches with other women\ like there are now. Never once it entered my mind \I cannot do this because I am a woman\ and no one at my bank said, \Well, as a woman you should think about changing careers.\
At age 88, Bill Dudley of North Wales in the UK is perhaps McDonald's oldest employee in the world -- and he intends to keep
Guess what? We're still confused about credit scores. The results of a new survey show that a large minority of us are still misunderstanding basic concepts. So what's the deal?
Time was allocated differently based on age as well. Not surprisingly, the vast majority of the time devoted to educational
This report, with its positive revisions, a whiff of increased labor force participation, and a bit of pop in wages suggests not just an improving job market, but one that's improving a bit faster than we thought.
6) Each one of the pieces is stamped with a special number, what does the number represent? Our country has been built on
Hostess filed for bankruptcy in early 2012, after which investment firm Metropoulos & Co. swooped in to buy Twinkies and
Some Chinese infant formula companies have started forming partnerships with foreign firms to try to boost brand recognition
During job interviews, employers will try to gather as much information about you as possible, mostly through perfectly legal
\It was kinda just running up the wall and the sprinkler couldn't really keep up with it cause it was dense, all the material
Historically, health care spending among developed nations has grown considerably each year. However, beginning in 2010, spending
The stock market recently suffered some sharp losses, showing the kind of volatility that makes veteran traders nervous, let alone mainstream investors. The market activity raised doubts not only about investment portfolios, but also about the viability of the economic recovery.
I don't have a fancy office or an executive restroom. I have a small office with mismatched furniture that I share with another person, but my preferred seat is a cube in the corner of the marketing department.
Hitler, which recently opened in Bangkok, Thailand, first garnered attention after Andrew Spooner, author of the \Footprint
You are doing your job in putting 1.1 million older workers back to work of the 1.6 million jobs created over the past year
(Hat tip
It's that time of year -- the long weekend when we gather with friends and family to celebrate hot dogs, potato salad and
Disasters disrupt life in unimaginable ways, making those affected much more vulnerable to secondary disasters -- the kind caused by criminals. I've been through a number of earthquakes and lost a home to Hurricane Sandy. I know how all-consuming the aftermath can be.
Long-term joblessness accounts for a disproportionate share of current unemployment and is a bigger problem than it has ever
You can read the entire BLS analysis here. It's actually been growing quite quickly over the last half year
What distinguishes the Trappist business philosophy from most of its secular competition is that very same spirit of service and selflessness toward others that Father Leonard epitomized so well.
A continued rise in mortgage rates will impact potential home buyers and refinancers, but it is refinancers who are most likely to scrap their plans altogether. Meanwhile though, a new cloud appeared on the economic horizon which could discourage home buyers as well.
Life insurance is your most important financial building block. But think about which life insurance works best for you. There are many insurance products like the four presented that may seem to make sense.
The Department of Health and Human Services has repeatedly reassured the public that the exchanges will be ready by Oct. 1
Oh, and one last thing
Editor's Note
LONDON, July 4 (Reuters) - An anonymous buyer snapped up a lock of Mick Jagger's hair for 4,000 pounds ($6,000) after bidders
There's a moment in Dale Maharidge and Michael S. Williamson's \Someplace Like America,\ a documentary account of three decades
The Bureau of Labor statistics is out with its latest metropolitan area unemployment figures and I'm proud to announce that
These are the great brands that just vanished
At the meeting Ernst von Freyberg, the bank's German president, told the other four board members of the preliminary results
Americans routinely decry the inefficiency of government.  Why, they ask, can't it be run more like a private sector company? To road-test this idea, let's think about one of the best run, most admired private sector companies in America
What Karjala, the chief information officer at \Cover Oregon,\ does worry about, however, is what will happen if the entire
If the public is going to hold celebrities to such high standards, should we not also hold the businesses that endorse them to similar standards?
I worked at a dry cleaning business that had no dry cleaning equipment. Since I was the only employee, there was not a lot to manage. However, the experience at the dry cleaners was a better lesson in business than studying for an MBA.
A growing number of American workers are confronting a frustrating predicament on payday
A growing number of American workers are confronting a frustrating predicament on payday
WHEN we made our annual foray into the executive pay gold mine in April, chief executives' earnings for 2012 showed what
Americans spent $1.7 billion on hot dogs last year--and that's just at supermarkets; it doesn't count wieners purchased at
\The Fed grossly misunderstood the nature of the relationship between its statements and market expectations,\ the New York
Singapore is currently the most competitive city in the world, beating out New York and London, according to the Economist
Nike is a growth company and while new efficient technologies will be progressively introduced as we innovate in product
From 24/7 Wall St.
\There is no ongoing danger,\ Mulloy said. The plant in Chandler employs about 11,000 people. Intel operates two high-volume
Big companies often invest in research and development to promote growth and profitability. Yet this expense can sometimes
This entry has expired
This is not the first time the IG has chided the IRS for ineffective management. Earlier this year, the IG determined that
Indeed, as chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers Alan Krueger illustrated with the concept of the \Great
As the Justice Department's so-called \eBooks\ antitrust trial winds down in a Manhattan federal courtroom, it is remarkable how many people have failed to see how easy the case really is.
Consumers shopping for a mortgage who want assurance that all quoted prices are valid should seek multi-lender web sites that post prices received directly from lenders, not prices submitted by intermediaries.
Gawker Media and founder Nick Denton were slapped with a lawsuit this week from three former workers who allege that the
Fear somehow touches almost every aspect of our lives. It is woven invisibly into the fabric of our existence and often sets into motion a chain of reactions and circumstances that affect the way we think and our behavior, for better or worse, with others.
Prudential Logo, Then and Now Based on a review of Fortune 500 companies, 24/7 Wall St. identified the 10 oldest corporate
Paula's legal team flunked Risk Management 101. When they allowed Paula to give her deposition, they had to realize that the testimony would not be limited to her recipe for peanut butter pie.
At the heart of the disagreement, chiefly between Germany and France, was how much leeway countries should have when imposing
My father would always push me to ask for things -- even, and especially, when I was completely embarrassed and afraid to. As a kid, I cringed whenever he did this -- I hated it. But as an adult, I'm thankful he showed me value of getting out of my comfort zone.
These are the 10 states where people hate going to work, according to 24/7 Wall St.
British Prime Minister David Cameron has rightly put free trade on the top of the G8 agenda. It is possibly one of the best ways we could help the world foster economic prosperity and development.
\Considering the signi\ufb01cant role of money in business organizations and everyday life, the idea that subtle reminders of
At least one part of the labor force has expanded significantly since the recession hit
If we're reading the signs correctly, and if there is some legitimacy in the cyclical pattern of reaction to excesses of the past, then we might be at the beginning of a period that sees co-operatives not just as respected but as favored above other corporate forms.
It's starting to look like more than just a temporary blip. On June 13, mortgage finance company Freddie Mac announced that mortgage rates rose for the sixth consecutive week -- and the impact on mortgage activity is already starting to be felt.
The first step towards getting a boss to loosen her grip is to remove any possibility from her mind that she needs to be that way. Get to work on time. Meet deadlines. Be productive. Make clients happy.
Assume for a moment that your employer let you decide when and where you worked \u2014 you might arrive early so you could leave
Radar online is reporting that the celebrity chef known for hosting FOX reality TV shows \Kitchen Nightmares\ and \Hell\u2019s
U.S. gross domestic product (GDP) grew by 2.5% in 2012 after growing 1.6% in 2011, the most the economy has grown since 2006
If I file for bankrupcy, can my Sallie Mae loans be discharged? If your loans are not government backed or subsidized your
If you're a woman in the workplace, you need to stop smiling. Why? Because according to a just-released study, \women [leaders] who looked cheerful were judged to be less willing to lead\ than men who displayed similar emotions.
\u201cIt\u2019s like a gold rush,\u201d Davis said. \u201cOnce significant investment capital comes to the market, who knows?\u201d Davis said he
Let's be clear about what Richard Gregory (\Richie\) Phillips did for and to the umpires.  What he did for them was single-handedly turn major league umpires into the gold standard of sports officiating, both enriching them monetarily and guaranteeing them the right to work with dignity.
It started out like any other day. Isn't that the way every \I got fired\ story begins? Well, add me to the list.
On Tuesday I procrastinated worse than I had in months. I couldn't even approach my desk, and spent a large part of the day in bed. Not sick, just hiding.
These are the countries where workers get the most time off, according to 24/7 Wall St.
Power and leadership are being redefined. No longer are we comfortable equating leadership with force, and power with dominance. In forward-thinking corporations, power is shifting from I-centric to We-centric, and this shift requires a commitment and a plan of action.
\Technology means that we're going to be living in a surveillance state,\ Krugman said. \No matter what happens.\ \u201cYou can
\u201cJust put the best person into the job. It is not about gender, it is about experience, leadership and vision. A man could
Snowden's whistleblowing helped reveal that the NSA had been collecting millions of phone records daily and tapping into
\We never know what will come. So we are very proud about what has taken place last night, and we feel we are on the right
With all there is to care about in this world, why does a star of Tom Cruise's magnitude choose to hie off to a remote land to say nice things about a group of stores he isn't likely to be caught alive in? Clearly, Tom was there because he cared, and that fills me with wonder.
Arianna appeared on CNN's 'Your Money' to discuss youth unemployment and the student debt crisis. Fareed Zakaria also joined
The Great Recession left many families in need of greater economic security. Although federal programs provide some safety
Based on the U.S. Census Bureau\u2019s latest release on education spending per student, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed the states that
In the end what's so fascinating is that customers may be completely aware of how Ikea's deal will manipulate them. But they may be fine with it anyway.
One recent Thursday, G. Steven Farris, the chairman and C.E.O. of the poorly performing oil-and-gas company Apache, stood
Innovation is the buzz word du jour. But presenting it as an obscure unmeasurable esoteric art does not make it easier. Definition and measurement matter, as Peter Drucker observed
The Nobel Prize-winning economist and New York Times columnist told Fareed Zakaria that \u201cthe stakes are high\u201d in his public
MICRO DENSITY Forty-one micro housing projects have come through the Seattle Department of Planning and Development since
Arianna appeared on ABC's This Week to discuss the recent scandals facing the Obama administration. She argued that what
An employee of a bank in Austria was fired after dropping 90,000 euros (nearly $117,000) in cash off a bridge into a river
Rather than joining their competitors in respecting farmworkers rights, Wendy's has ended up doing something different. They chose to mislead their stockholders and customers.
The discovery of the engineered Oregon wheat, which had been developed by Monsanto, led South Korea and Japan to suspend
Myth 5
Fundraising comes down to factors. Being brave enough to ask someone for money and finding people who are interested in the cause you are espousing.
\The town looks fantastic, it's a good excuse for people to get doing work,\u201d one painter said. Indeed, such attempts to hide
More from CNBC --The 'Wild West' of Online Poker Goes Legit in US --Who Pays for Catastrophes? --Texas Counties Set Example
My modest suggestion that governments become the agents of their citizens in bargaining with global capital should hardly raise an eyebrow. But capitalist tools are acting worried that average citizens may be starting to see what's really going on.
The story of the Reinhart-Rogoff error tells us a great deal about how the elites use economists and the prestige of the economics profession in order to impose their will on the public.
Update, May 28
The Lego model that puts all other Lego models to shame was proudly displayed in New York's Times Square last week. The life
Winning the lottery has not always been the ticket to paradise. But if people use the money wisely, for a purpose, and with financial security being their number one priority, it might allow them to get closer to that elusive dream of happiness.
The Affordable Care Act, a k a Obamacare, goes fully into effect at the beginning of next year, and predictions of disaster
Yet another industry with two brands on our list is automobiles. Car sales are growing in the United States, but brands with
The Fed honcho's absence could mean Jackson Hole offers little in the way of news, in which case, head to the beach and read
Explained Wells Fargo representative Veronica Clemons, in a statement to WFTV
Getting the most out Deep Learning will require deep thinking.  That's where authentic human intelligence still trumps artificial machine intelligence.  And, it's what makes us optimistic about the upward movement of the American innovation curve and the potential it will bring with it.
The union is also pressing for higher basic pay and bigger supplements for night shifts. Amazon said its workers' earnings
WASHINGTON -- Bank lobbyists are not leaving it to lawmakers to draft legislation that softens financial regulations. Instead
Read on
Coping with high holiday weekend barbecue costs is sadly nothing new for shoppers. Last year consumers struggled as beef
\u201cThere remains essentially no room for independent thinking within the conservative movement,\u201d Krugman wrote. \u201cBeing a good
Anyway, I'll get off of my soapbox now. But ive also learned recently of a law suit agaist them specifically with the Sallie
Despite conservative claims otherwise, the evidence seems to be mounting that the Obama Presidency has been good for business
The number of Americans receiving Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) more-than doubled over the past two decades
Huffington Post Reader Question Tamara If you'd like to stay posted on all the latest get out of debt news and scam alerts
If you haven't had a conversation with your parents about handling their financial affairs after they die, Krysten Crawford's
On May 14, as Washington officialdom was transfixed by the IRS scandal, the Congressional Budget Office announced that the
At least in the U.S., it turns out runaway debt may not be as much of a concern as originally thought, despite politicians
GE did pay taxes in 2012 at a rate of 8.2 percent, which is still lower than the top corporate tax rate of 35 percent, according
Some of the nations where residents do not feel safe are among the world\u2019s poorest, including Afghanistan and Madagascar
It was not clear whether this audit included a Ferro scan. The retailer has so far released only a few details of the inspection
With her popularity waning, Barbie hit the road this week on a global campaign to burnish her brand. Read more on Businessweek
Whether making an important presentation to potential clients or trying to motivate a room full of entry-level employees
Wayne Brown, the developer of Josephine Lofts, last week said he's interested in converting the five-story, former River
J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. Chairman and Chief Executive James Dimon is making the case for continuity in the final days before
The previous Powerball jackpot record was set in November 2012, when two winning tickets split a prize of $587.5 million
Here are 13 of the most bizarre excuses for missing work
The Distilled Spirits Council echoed that sentiment. \We join with other organizations, including those engaged in traffic
\Nobody really knows; as Berra also astutely observed, it's tough to make predictions, especially about the future. But there
By 2030, roughly two-thirds of the world\u2019s middle class will be in the Asia Pacific region, largely in China, according to
Les Echos reported that nearly 12,000 households paid taxes last year worth more than 75 percent of their 2011 revenues due
There has been a significant amount talk about the candidate experience for the last several years among those responsible for hiring or those who are part of the hiring process. It is an ongoing discussion that never seems to yield a very good answer but always stirs up a bit of a response and then fades quickly to black.
There is an urgency to make things happen in Thailand -- a sense that some of the past political disruptions may be a thing of the past. They have moved far beyond the \domino that refused to fall\ during the Cold War.
Meanwhile, criticism of Bangladeshi working conditions has the government there worried that some retailers may pull out
Are Google's driverless car and Siri just the beginning for applied machine intelligence/Big Data? Automated trucks, for example, could eliminate millions of jobs. Will this type of automation be good or bad -- economically and socially? How will it transform society?
Sick days are estimated to cost the U.S. economy $84 billion each year. According to the latest data released in a joint
Breaking up the biggest banks because they are perceived as \too big to fail\ is unrealistic.  What is needed, however, are improvements in the transparency and the accountability of governance in these institutions.
A separate study by the Center for College Affordability and Productivity from earlier this year also found that around half
Although Fletcher's husband works full-time, the couple also qualifies for California's medical welfare program, which pays
WASHINGTON, May 11 (Reuters) - The Federal Reserve said on Saturday that it was seeking information from Bloomberg LP about
Bloomberg CEO Daniel Doctoroff admitted that it was a \mistake\ to give journalists access to client data. The company announced
The FHFA just announced that it will no longer allow Fannie and Freddie to purchase or guarantee so-called \non-qualified\ mortgages with more than 30 years amortization or that have interest only payments, among other restrictions.
PTSD was defined in the study as a disturbance that \must last for over one month and cause significant impairment in one's
A prominent member of the Saudi royal family is at the heart of a US criminal probe into whether Barclays made improper payments
On April 2 this year, Begum found a job at New Wave Bottoms, a garment maker on the second floor of Rana Plaza, the doomed
In a conference call with reporters on Friday, senior Internal Revenue Service (IRS) official Lois Lerner admitted she wasn't
May 11 (Reuters) - After reports that users of the company's financial terminals were investigating potential leaks of confidential
Debt relief companies are not in the advice business. They are in the widget selling business. Rather than independently
Proxy advisory firms Institutional Investors Services and Glass Lewis & Co said that the losing \London Whale\ derivatives
Advertising watchdogs also have criticized American Apparel for its overtly sexual marketing tactics, and Charney has faced
Click here to see the companies that owe employees a raise From 24/7 Wall St. Does a public company have an obligation to
The study says that the burden of repaying the loans resulted in $774 million in lost consumer spending and 14,000 job losses
4. Don\u2019t fall into the trap of thinking about an empirical finding as \u201cright\u201d or \u201cwrong.\u201d At best, data provide an imperfect
\No, but that reinforces the idea that he's behind the curve where LinkedIn is concerned and he's freaked out about that
There is, indeed, a bomb waiting to go off on the Korean Peninsula, but it is not of the Kim Jong-un's making.  Seoul and its allies in the U.S. and elsewhere must give equal -- if not greater emphasis -- to the very real and complex crisis that might cause the Korean economic miracle to implode.
INRIX, a traffic information and services group, collects data for individual road segments. In its 2012 Traffic Scorecard
With the rise in technology and the changing nature of how people shop for financial products, has your local bank branch become irrelevant?
Croffitt said \the job offers we received were based on attendance and performance in class.\ He's happy to work on buses
Of those young people that are employed, many are working in jobs they\u2019re overqualified for. More than 40 percent of those
h/t MSN A picture of the receipt, posted to the r/funny subreddit Saturday by BrandiBean, apparently shows what happens in
Dear Liz, Congratulations on the interview! You were correct not to bring up relocation at a first interview. I don't recommend
Bangladesh\u2019s government, employers and workers have agreed to a plan with the International Labour Organization that would
Will the next Richard Stallman, Linus Torvalds or Jimmy Wales please step forward? Because I don't want information at my fingertips -- I want action at my fingertips, and I mean my fingertips.
\If they are found guilty of these killings they will get the highest punishment - capital punishment,\ said Abdul Huq, a
The extrapolation from past experience to future outlook is always deeply problematic and needs to be done with great care
Worker advocates say coaching from supervisors is a widespread problem in Bangladesh. Sumi Abedin, a survivor of the Tazreen
Consumers face a \catch-22\ situation when it comes to loans. On the one hand, it's important to shop around to get the lowest interest rate you can. On the other hand, there's the perception out there that shopping around for loans too much will hurt your credit.
\Inactive\ means not active; \\incapable\ means not capable; \inseparable\ means not separable; and on and on the examples go.  It doesn't make sense that \inflammable\ means flammable. But we need to keep in mind that it's not always easy to translate one language accurately into another.
Promoting a socially responsible image is one way brands try to up their cool. But do brands really sacrifice their bottom
By Jonathan Stempel and Jennifer Ablan \It feels like a 2 percent economy. If we want to see GDP click up to 3.5 percent
In 2012, Ferguson was roundly criticized for an article he wrote for Newsweek on President Barack Obama's administration
(Adds detail) By Ruma Paul and Serajul Quadir DHAKA, May 4 (Reuters) - Bangladesh urged the European Union on Saturday not
Then, on April 30, Benetton said that one of its suppliers had \occasionally subcontracted\ orders from one of the manufacturers
Successful companies frequently rely heavily on just one product for the majority of their sales and profit. That\u2019s true
For his part, the left-leaning Krugman has called deficit hawks \u201cremarkably foolish,\u201d and he\u2019s gotten the chance to double
The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) announced last week it would be closing nearly 150 air traffic control towers around
\The harms we have found include HIV and malaria outbreaks, shortages of essential medicines, lost healthcare access, and
A senior executive in the inner circle of JPMorgan Chase's chief executive, Jamie Dimon, is leaving the nation's largest
The U.S. government paid out billions in unemployment benefits to people who were actually working, a new report finds, sparking
We are wary of used cars salesmen, but how conscious are we of the fact that almost everything we buy is sold to us by a commission-based broker who wins when they convince us to buy more than we came to purchase?
Following parliament's approval, senior euro zone officials will meet on Monday to approve overdue payment of 2.8 billion
WHEN the e-mail came out of the blue last summer, offering a shot as a programmer at a San Francisco start-up, Jade Dominguez
It's been nearly six months since voters in Colorado and Washington legalized marijuana for recreational use. Read more on
\u201cCalifornia is home to some of the best universities and largest technology companies in the world,\u201d says Matt Miller, chief
The main opposition, joining forces with an alliance of leftist parties which is part of the ruling coalition, called for
Is this bipartisan support to mitigate one of the noxious effects of sequestration? Or is it papering over the high-visibility stuff that affects the affluent while lots of other budget bleeding goes on beneath the radar?
Expect next week's policy meetings to signal that central bank stand ready to step in, once again, to maintain the disconnect between buoyant equity markets and sluggish economic conditions -- not as an end in itself but, given Congressional dysfunction, as virtually the only way today to support economic activity (and it is rather imperfect as the expected benefits come with growing costs and risks). Look for the Federal Reserve to alter the thrust of its policy narrative. Rather than advance its prior emphasis on tapering its monthly $85 billion purchases of market securities, it will seek to reassure markets by iterating its willingness to do more if needed. Across the Atlantic, the European Central Bank will face increasing pressure to cut its interest rate (currently at 0.75%) and liberalize the collateral requirements it imposes -- both meant to loosen monetary conditions.
Family organization MomsRising.org is spearheading efforts to fight back. The group claims that this week, Disney World refused
Rana is accused of ignoring warnings that the complex was unsafe, and of adding extra floors to the building without the
Zamora says he sketched about 20 women over two and a half days. Only seven made it into the video, and only three of those
Click here to see the 10 universities. 24/7 Wall St.
These are the cities with the worst health coverage, according to 24/7 Wall St.
People who endorse free-market economics -- an economic theory that argues the markets regulate themselves and work better
You have to imagine what it was like being Don Carcieri in the harsh winter of 2010. As Rhode Island's governor, a Republican
Three years ago, Charles and David Koch, the billionaire industrialists and supporters of libertarian causes, held a seminar
Hurtt told the Today Show Thursday that he and his daughter, who can be heard screaming in the video, suffered no permanent
Kim has said more emphasis should be on helping fragile and conflict-hit countries. New figures released by the World Bank
The legislation includes an exemption for merchants that generate less than $1 million in annual out-of-state revenue. If
When you think about it, almost all of us have our own \lotto moment.\ We make decisions about money that will either give us long-term security and happiness or bring on pain and regret.
As you sit back, relax and inhale the doobius holiday that is 4/20, remember this
Every so often, there comes along a product so revolutionary, so original, so genius, that you're forced to consider if the
The federal legalization of marijuana would offer a large new revenue stream, according to research from the Cato Institute
In its RMP filings, West Fertilizer reported on its storage of anhydrous ammonia and said that it did not expect a fire or
Rory Cullinan runs the world\u2019s worst bank from a fifth-floor office overlooking Liverpool Street station in London. His 400
The American economy has generated 30 straight months of job growth. But for millions of people looking for more work and
His actions may have been vital in helping police catch the Boston Marathon bombing suspects, even after the attacks both
Investigators have descended on West, Texas, to assess the company's role in the disaster, which raises another common gripe
The gun control legislation that failed to make it through Congress earlier this week once again highlighted the ongoing
The U.S. unemployment rate continues to tick down, hitting a more than four-year low of just 7.6% in March. In much of Europe
This year's meeting would have been viewed as an excellent opportunity for Bernanke to signal that the central bank might
First of all, just the word is off-putting
Is your wallet feeling a little thin after submitting your taxes? Haven't gotten your refund yet? Several national food chains
According to polling service Gallup, 72% of Americans surveyed in 2012 said they felt safe walking home at night. This is
The singles penalty in income taxes is just the beginning of the ways in which single people pay extra simply for being single. In fact, if you are single, every day is tax day.
As a long-time fan of professional wrestling I've come to see how much of mortgage servicing resembles what goes on in the ring.  Like wrestling the servicing business is full of \works,\ \gimmicks,\ \heels and baby faces,\ so let me explain.
\We had over 700 registered buyers and the majority were from China,\ said Nancy Daigneault, communications director for
There are embarrassing logos, and then there are embarrassing logos. The nine found below reside firmly in the latter category
Click here to see America\u2019s fattest cities 24/7 Wall St. reviewed the 11 metropolitan statistical areas with the highest
There is one caveat to the theory. The study measures cognitive ability by attendance at 29 selected \elite colleges,\ which
\u201cThat was written a couple of years ago,\u201d Meyers told The Huffington Post. \u201cNo one has found it interesting until now.\u201d Mark
Pricing for professional services isn't easy. You can charge too little, charge too much or charge for the wrong thing. I've done all three.
Worse still for Dimon, the bank's relationship with regulators has deteriorated in recent years, and JPMorgan's board blames
To contact the writer of this article
Liberals take issue with DeMarco's decision to block Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac from reducing loan principals for borrowers
Still, those businesses seem to be outliers. Nearly 90 percent of employers don\u2019t plan to shift full-time workers to part
Though there are many enthusiasts cheering the rise of the virtual currency, bitcoin, experts already declared similar products
It's been more than 40 years since the era of hard-drinking and workplace sexism depicted on AMC's Mad Men. But despite the
Of the cities included in the survey, Billings, Montana, had the lowest gas price at $3.33 a gallon, while drivers in Chicago
Still, there are some companies willing to curb their executives' perks. Struggling Chesapeake Energy cut CEO Aubrey McClendon\u2019s
Lagarde said fiscal problems in developed nations such as Japan and the United States marred the global economic recovery
RELAX. Sit back. And forget, for a moment, those pesky shareholders and bothersome boards, the regulations, the investigations
\This is a real jobs crisis and the urgency of the jobs crisis is not reflected in the president's budget. There's a real
The housing market is showing signs of significant recovery. In January, home prices rose 8.1% from the year before -- the
Krugman criticized the op-ed, calling Stockman a \u201ccranky old man,\u201d and referring to the piece as \u201cjust a series of gee-whiz
WASHINGTON \u2014 Restaurant chains like McDonald\u2019s want to keep their lucrative tax credit for hiring veterans. Altria, the tobacco
Big corporations, especially big monopolistic corporations, tend to carry labor-saving technology too far. They automate too soon and too much. The reasons are pretty obvious once you think about it.
I was struck by what came out of the Troika this week after it finished negotiating the program with the authorities in Cyprus. This is not the first time officials bungle an element of the Cypriot rescue.
Responsible credit card use is a recipe for saving money, considering the lucrative rewards, 0 percent rates, and fraud protections that are available. The thing is, of all the words in that sentence, \responsible\ is both the most important and the most likely to be ignored.
Struggling with a tricky problem? Pass it on to someone else. Sounds tempting? Here are a number of reasons why it might be your best course of action.
Remember
It's not that thongs meant for young women emblazoned with phrases like \Call Me\ and \Feeling Lucky?\ are entirely shocking coming from Victoria's Secret, but more that they insisted on comparing our young daughters to objects and things in order to sell them this lingerie.
JPMorgan Chase is working behind the scenes to avert a major potential embarrassment. In anticipation of a crucial vote at
There are pros and cons to using all types of speakers. Understanding them helps conference organizers make necessary tradeoffs, striking the balance between cost and quality.
Workers at tire manufacturer company Michelin could miss out on reducing their deductibles by up to $1,000 if they show unhealthy
Most states rely on a relatively small number of industries for much their employment and economic activity. The industries
About 284,000 Americans with college degrees were working minimum wage jobs last year, according to the Wall Street Journal
Most people are afraid of change. They want affirmation from \what everyone else is doing\ and don't want to spend the time and effort to keep on educating themselves. I've been as guilty of that as anyone.
The role of the Troika in bailing out governments and banks is nothing new, but the solutions put forward by EU leaders to improve the Cypriot crisis seem to be founded on little foresight, and without regard for the tragic mistakes of the past few years.
This week, NPR broadcast an interesting report about a researcher who has been studying health effects on workers on frac crews. Not familiar with hydraulic fracturing, he expected to find the workers exposed to toxics in drilling fluids when he want on location. What he found was very different.
A former adviser of Ronald Reagan has some choice words for George W. Bush. Stockman, also a former Republican congressman
TAYLORSVILLE, N.C. -- Sheri Farley walks with a limp. The only job she could hold would be one where she does not have to
According to a recent study, the city with the most content residents in the United States is Lincoln, Neb. The city with
A year ago, Eike Batista was Brazil's richest man, and his goal of climbing to No. 1 in the world seemed within reach. Read
From 24/7 Wall St.
Open government and transparency are essential pillars of a functioning democracy. But when governments privatize public services and infrastructure, we too often lose access to information and the tools to hold officials accountable.
And as the Atlantic's Elspeth Reeve argues, advocating that rich people should pay higher taxes and then buying an expensive
'Troika' has become a dirty word in the euro zone's debt-laden southern states, referring as it does to the trio of lenders
* Cyprus nearing Monday deadline to seal EU bailout PARLIAMENT It was far from certain that a majority of lawmakers would
BRUSSELS, March 24 (Reuters) - Euro zone finance ministers delayed by two hours a Sunday evening meeting intended to help
Where you work can be an excellent predictor of your health, happiness and stress levels. A recent Gallup poll demonstrates
NICOSIA, March 24 (Reuters) - The central bank in Cyprus imposed a 100-euros per day withdrawal limit at cash machines for
The reports said the Cypriot government was resisting. Finance Minister Michael Sarris spoke of \significant progress\ in
Without specifying its sources, magazine Der Spiegel said the money set aside could be a sign U.S. investigations of possible
DO you have a stapler? If you do, maybe it\u2019s a little dusty in this age of PDFs. Read more on The New York Times
The odds of winning millions in the lottery are extraordinarily low. When the Powerball jackpot reached $587 million in late
Despite not being directly on the hook for the majority of the losses incurred when a home enters foreclosure, these servicing
According to a new poll by Rasmussen Reports, 50 percent of Americans want the government to break up the country's big banks
NICOSIA, March 23 (Reuters) - Cyprus has agreed with EU/IMF lenders a 20-percent levy on deposits over 100,000 euros ($130,000
Take a retired banker, a farmworker organizer, a children's advocate and an economist. It's not a joke, it's a description of some of the people who help me figure out how to create an Ohio economy that works for all.
BELVIDERE, N.J. \u2014 Amid the whir of fans and the glow of soft white light, workers tended to bright green seedlings sprouting
In a classic example of crony board behavior, in spite of the grossly embarrassing Senate hearings highlighting massive fissures in JP Morgan's trading oversight and management, the Board of Directors said on Friday they would continue to support Mr. Jamie Dimon as BOTH the bank's Chairman and Chief Executive.
Despite the apparent prevalence of tournament watching, Challenger said employers are making a good, albeit expensive, long
A PAGCOR lawyer assigned to the case helped broker an agreement in November 2009 under which Asiaworld gave Eagle I Landholdings
\Landlords fear cannibalizing sales but in 10 to 15 years they won't have a choice because they will be cannibalized anyway
If lawmakers reject the deal, it could send Cyprus into bankruptcy and perhaps push it off the Euro, according to Reuters
\We must all together raise a shield to protect the peoples (of Europe) from Ms Merkel's criminal strategy,\ said Tsipras
Cypriot bank depositors will be required to forfeit part of their savings under a deal brokered by euro zone finance ministers
(Click over to The NYT to read Mudd's full op-ed) Mudd argued in the op-ed that limits like Bloomberg\u2019s proposed plan are
In order to best manage the flow of beer in and out of its restaurants, the company has instituted a three-layered system
If you had the ability to take something you hate to do and through simply shifting your perception or procedure learn to love it... what freedom do you feel that will provide for you in your life and business? How would it affect your personal life?
Most low-income students who have top test scores and grades do not even apply to the nation's best colleges, according to
Total consumption of beer in the U.S. has fallen for the third straight year, according to a report published by the Beer
To determine the countries that hate America most, 24/7 Wall St. relied data from The U.S.-Global Leadership Project, a partnership
Barring a major change in approach by the Justice Department, a criminal prosecution is highly unlikely, the experts told
\These institutions operate under a privileged status that exacts an unfair tax upon the American people,\ he said on the
Fast food can have a lot of calories and one CEO isn't afraid to keep in that way. Andy Puzder, the CEO of CKE Restaurants
MarketWatch
NYSE Euronext is preparing to submit details of the plan to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, according to the
During a heated Roundtable discussion on \u201cThis Week with George Stephanopoulos,\u201d the Nobel Prize-winning economist and New
Customer satisfaction with retailers is at an all-time high. However, while the industry improved overall, according to the
Krugman defended the book on \u201cThis Week with George Stephanopoulos\ Sunday. In addition, women face unconscious stereotypes
\It was practically in the cards that retailers would be able to pass through price cuts to motorists,\ Lundberg said in
But banks baulk at the suggestion they are paying staff more, saying things are more complex than the figures suggest. That
OLOMOUC, Czech Republic \u2014 For Zuzana Navelkova, it was just another day at the office. She showed up for work last month
Drivers spent more time on congested roads in December, January, and February than in the same months a year earlier, according
Why consumers can\u2019t trust five-star ratings \u2014 or nasty complaints. Read more on MarketWatch
Everyone has a different opinion on exactly how much you should save for a stress-free retirement. Even the experts argue
In addition, the U.S.\u2019s involvement in conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan have wound down significantly. The last American
HBEAT-MESSAGE @ 2013-03-11 18:43:03 +0000. Generated from NTM heartbeat by HTCP-JANMDN01B.
With Telework Week 2013 ending on a high note, we now look at what we learned from the initiative and how we can improve even more.
Today being authentic actually means you have to be naturally authentic. So make the Millennial consumer the manager, but not just with titular influence -- put them at the center of the strategy and the campaign. If it's for Millennials it should be by Millennials.
\u201cGood things come in threes,\ she told azfamily.com. \Two down, one to go.\u201d None of the above can compare to the winning
On the morning of Dec. 19, 2012, in a Torrance courtroom, Larry Delassus' heart stopped as he watched his attorney argue
For years there's been an ongoing debate about accuracy of credit reports. Various studies have claimed that 3 to 25 percent of reports contain errors. Can credit report errors be a big deal? Yes, absolutely.
I've blown off plenty of good advice.  I thought I was smart and could figure things out on my own. Wrong. I'm finally starting to learn.
Beer consumers have filed a proposed class-action lawsuit accusing the company of mislabeling the alcohol content of the
TWO weeks ago, I wrote a column about a secret agreement struck in July 2012 by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and
Tax season is here and, according to a recent report, American families in the nation's largest cities will be shelling out
\u201cIn a year \u2014 or more likely in a minute or two \u2014 Republicans would be back, demanding more tax cuts and more cuts in social
71. According to a survey by Paola Sapienza and Luigi Zingales, effectively all economists agreed that stock prices are hard
The filing marks the first disclosure by the casino operator, controlled by founder and billionaire Republican donor Sheldon
Although we did not in any way deliberately create the offensive t-shirts in question and it was the result of a scripted
Nothing says United States of America like a burger and fries. But sometimes, you just need more. We're talking about turkey
Terry Lundgren, the chief executive of Macy's, testified in the trial on Monday that when Martha Stewart told him the night
He noted that a stimulative monetary policy was simply a response to economic conditions, rather than any attempt to keep
Long-term care insurance covers help with daily habits such as eating and getting out of bed, usually for the elderly, the
Before Monday morning, Lehman had filed for bankruptcy. \u201cJPMorgan did not cut and run but stood by our client,\u201d Barry Zubrow
Mayer's decision, ironically, is a huge diss on her own product set. It's like she's saying what Yahoo! offers doesn't deliver when it comes to creating meaningful human exchanges. For that we apparently need to resort to offices cubicles and water cooler encounters.
24/7 Wall St.
Perhaps those tears are the result of countless hours spent refining theatrical skills in hopes of one day holding a tiny
\I'm auctioning these pieces off because I want to take care of my family, my charity, and to turn them over to history,\ Eruzione
I am here to tell you that successful disruption need not depend wholly on a winner/loser scenario. In fact, I believe our markets today would be far better served by entrepreneurs who focus on disruption for mutual benefit.
Major banks have quickly become behind-the-scenes allies of Internet-based payday lenders that offer short-term loans with
Bonuses for \u201cfront-office\u201d financial professionals -- or bankers and traders -- declined 38 percent in 2012 from 2011, according
Like many food startups here in San Francisco, our food and beverage concept resorted to \pop-up\ model to test the marketplace.
At last month's Sundance Film Festival in Park City, Utah, some film financiers met for nachos at the Wasatch Brew Pub to
Gasoline prices have risen more than 13% during the past month, and the chance that the average price per gallon nationwide
We have an anomaly in our courts, irresponsibly supported by the executive and legislative branches of our government, in the manner that our courts interpret Sovereign Immunity and, in turn, its impact on our day to day lives.
If ex-Apple CEO Steve Jobs were still alive, he would be 58 today. Following his death in 2011 from cancer at age 56, major
The lowest average price for a gallon of unleaded gas in the 48 contiguous U.S. states was $3.23 in Billings, Montana, and
Empathy proved especially difficult for me whenever I felt vulnerable. My instinctive response was to protect myself, most often with aggression. I equated aggression with safety, and vulnerability with weakness. Today, I recognize the opposite is often true.
\u201cThe Banks had to know what I was doing regarding the fraud,\u201d Madoff wrote in the email. Madoff, who was sentenced to 150
Major banks have quickly become behind-the-scenes allies of Internet-based payday lenders that offer short-term loans with
HAYLEY SCHAFER chose her dream job at the age of 5. Three years later, her grandmother told her that if she wrote it down
A few days later he received a letter stating that his modification had been denied. The Wells Fargo representative he spoke
\u201cIn this job market, it can be tough just to get a face-to-face interview,\u201d she says. \u201cWhen the day comes, it\u2019s not uncommon
It is unclear what, if any, other targets 3G might have in mind. Campbell Soup has long been seen as a good candidate, though
If failed corporate mergers teach us anything about business, it's that bigger is not always better. Yep, with a 70 to 90
My street wise father, Joe McNay, taught me that servers, nurses, plumbers and other support  people can be the most important individuals in your life. Dad died 20 years ago this week at age 59.
So, people want me to comment on the Moody\u2019s downgrade of Britain. No real news there. As a guide to the future, ratings
The federal government's Wall Street watchdogs will feel the pinch of sequestration if Washington lawmakers cannot strike
Located on the river Volga some 620 km (390 miles) east of Moscow, Saransk is the capital of Mordovia, a republic in central
(Read what local police had to say about the situation at 10TV News) But while DeVito faces unemployment as a result of trying
Marissa Mayer, the relatively new CEO of Yahoo, has decided she wants her employees showing up to the offices beginning in
Citing information provided by state health officials, Patch.com reports that \exposure levels are unlikely to result in
IN January, federal regulators announced an $8.5 billion agreement with 10 mortgage servicers to settle claims of foreclosure
Click here to see The Ten Richest Presidents By 1850, the financial history of the presidency entered a new era. Beginning
Recent reports suggest that President Obama is about to nominate Sylvia Mathews Burwell, the president of the Walmart Foundation
The deal is not yet done, and talks could still fall apart, the Journal reported. An announcement could come as early as
What better way to celebrate Presidents Day than by taking a closer look at two of America's most treasured leaders. You
Many have praised President Obama's call to increase the federal minimum wage, saying it would help working-class families
At a London branch of Britain's biggest retailer, Tesco , which found horse DNA in some of its own-brand frozen spaghetti
He became SPEEA executive director in 2008, after 10 years at Professional and Technical Employees Local 17, a union representing
Are we helping to fund a future danger on our northern border, and will the revenues generated by the Keystone Pipeline help to create a condition deeply adversarial to our national security?
* Divergence gives headache to ECB (Adds details, background, national data) By contrast, Italian banks used the facilities
For the first time since the New Deal, a majority of Americans are headed toward a retirement in which they will be financially
Got a gun? If so, All Around Pizza and Deli will take 15 percent off your order, local news outlet WTKR NewsChannel 3 reported
No company has a better reputation among American consumers than Amazon.com. The online retailer pushed Apple out of the
This opinion is a hotly contested one. A 2011 study from the London School of Economics found that higher minimum wages do
Powers was close to the president throughout his political career, from 1946 until his assassination in 1963. He remained
But when you think about it, is horsemeat really that bizarre? The horsemeat scandal currently plaguing Europe has made even
MANY people became rightfully upset about bailouts given to big banks during the mortgage crisis. But it turns out that they
President Obama just called for an increase in the federal minimum wage from $7.25 to $9.00 an hour. Yet he made no effort to save the \temporary stimulus\ 2% payroll tax cut. So what's better for low-wage workers
Today in South Carolina the protest lines are not found on the docks or on campus.  They are found outside call centers with hundreds of workers housed in faceless suburban business parks.
Perhaps surprisingly, three Ivy League schools are listed, and the others' ticket prices aren't cheap. It's because many
But according to Dan Wood, the baker who's taken the lead for the unionizing effort in Michigan, Saber's company has imposed
\The mood quite clearly early on was that we needed desperately to avoid protectionist measures ... that mood permeated quite
Following a three-year investigation that involved wiretaps, authorities -- led by the U.S. Attorney's Office in L.A. -- indicted
BRENDAN KENNEDY received an engineering degree, started a software firm and sold its assets to Boeing, studied for a Yale
Carnival will be refunding money to the passengers of the ill-fated cruise and offering them a free trip in the future. (\u201cThis
John Buckley, the Democrats' chief counsel on the Ways & Means committee at the time, said that Thomas \decided to do some
In his State of the Union address, President Obama called on lawmakers to increase the federal minimum wage from $7.25 to
For the third year in a row, Washington, D.C., was rated the most literate city in the United States, with Seattle and Minneapolis
The new American would have a solid presence on the important U.S. East and West coasts and on North Atlantic routes, given
Maker\u2019s Mark just got a little less stiff. The bourbon brand, known for its bottles sealed with red wax, told customers today
Here's how I help my clients change email behavior -- starting with their own habits, and help others to do the same.  If some or all of these are done consistently, you can change the game in your organization.
With his chronically gravelly voice and relentlessly liberal agenda, Sherrod Brown seems to have stepped out of \u201cLes Miserables
\We seem to be no clearer as to what the source of this contamination is, or whether the supply was ever destined for human
\Now that the wholesale price hikes have accelerated, the need for retailers to raise prices on the street is becoming acute
Suppose, just for entertainment purposes, that we wanted to have a sane, rational, and even informative discussion about what to do about our public deficits and debt -- one that doesn't automatically default to the \hair-on-fire, we're Greece!\ that we too often get from the deficit reduction industry.
(Click here to see the airlines charging the most and least in fees) Hobica explained this makes sense considering the history
The move comes in response to concerns the company won't be able to meet rampant demand for Maker's Mark since it's \very
Sandler didn't expect the conference could go on without FedEx's support, but enough private Memphis-based investors pledged
Moving company United Van Lines released its 36th annual study of customer migration patterns, analyzing a total of 125,000
Barclays is to close down a part of its business which helped clients avoid tax, the BBC understands. Read more on BBC
That is in addition to the more than $20 million she made over the three years that ended in 2011. Click here to see the
Some 600,000 poor women and children will no longer get free milk and cheese, and some 2,100 fewer food inspections will
You may have heard last week about a couple of big lawsuits brought by federal and state governments, alleging that the credit
China surpassed the U.S. to become the world\u2019s biggest trading nation last year as measured by the sum of exports and imports
Your credit health is kind of like your physical health -- there's no fast lane to a perfect credit score or perfect health; it's a long-term journey. But just like you can make healthy diet and exercise choices today, you can do the same for your credit.
The debt problem can\u2019t be solved right now by conventional austerity measures, and that\u2019s why Paul Krugman is right when
By Jessica Dye NEW YORK, Feb 8 (Reuters) - Florida's highest court has ruled a homeowner cannot re-open a voluntarily dismissed
The British unit of frozen foods group Findus began a recall this week of its beef lasagne from retailers on advice from
Although Walid told the Macomb Daily that the \Crazy Bones\ target appeared to have been removed from the Thompson Target
Of the 1000 people polled, 55 percent agreed with the decision to end Saturday delivery in order to save money, 31 percent
Under a state law in Arkansas, renters can be imprisoned for failing to pay their rent. According to a report by Human Rights
Here's a mystery
Seemingly, President Obama has moved off the deficit-hawk kick that marked his posture in 2010 when he appointed the Bowles-Simpson Commission, and 2011 when he agreed to a budget deal with massive cuts and automatic triggers adding up to about $4 trillion in deficit cuts over a decade. Seemingly, too, the corporate-led \Fix the Debt Campaign\ -- millionaires and billionaires telling the rest of America to tighten its belt for the greater good -- isn't getting a great deal of traction. But despite the sheer unreality of their claims, the austerity lobby keeps winning by defining the terms of debate. Nearly everyone, right, center and left, is arguing about the economic recovery in terms of what the debt-to-GDP ratio should be in 2023. That is the wrong question. The right question is
Appearing Sunday on ABC's \This Week,\ the Nobel Prize-winning economist and New York Times columnist first weighed in on
Young graduates are in debt, out of work and on their parents\u2019 couches. People in their 30s and 40s can\u2019t afford to buy homes
The bank's economists did acknowledge, however, that the risks to its forecast that rates will stay on hold in 2013 were
It is the time of year again, when America\u2019s largest retailers release those critical holiday season figures and disclose
By Doug Palmer Mexican Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo said the deal guaranteed Mexican farmers access to the U.S. market
The winning Powerball numbers for Feb. 2, 2013 are 11, 16, 33, 40, 41 and the red number is 34. The jackpot in Saturday's
In short, while the unfortunate truth for graduates is that the jobs shortage is going to make finding a well-paying job
Just because your brand has equity which has been built up over a long period of time, this does not mean its reputation is safe. Reputation can be tarnished in the blink of an eye, often to the point of no return.
CBS declined to comment. SodaStream reportedly purchased ad space to air during the fourth quarter of Super Bowl XLVII. According
Chipotle is slightly different than most fast food chains since the company owns 100 percent of its restaurants, eschewing
Private prison companies such as CCA have pushed for a growing share of the nation's inmate population, promising to save
5. Soda That's enough to buy about 846 tickets to the big game, which are currently going for an average of $2,800 a pop
THE phone rings again at Pasadena Pawn and Gun, and a familiar question comes down the line
A USPS spokesman backed up Breslin\u2019s claim in an interview with USA Today, saying that while Postal Service workers are required
WATCH THE CLIP BELOW (via CNN)
Luckily for players competing in the Super Bowl on Sunday, knowledge of the financial industry isn\u2019t necessary to win the
The company is not the first to blame Obamacare for layoffs and other cuts in spending. In November, The Huffington Post
And while companies are hiring fewer workers in favor of more machines, they\u2019re squeezing more out of the workers that do
It's a common observation that the lies and the coverup, not the initial misbehavior, are what take public figures down. You
There's a lot of evidence pointing to the economic benefits of adding more legal immigrants to the economy. What's less clear
We are standing on the eve of a remarkable evolution of capitalism
Does Gpv. Shumlin seriously think Vermonters are going to spend more money simply because they have another place to buy Chinese-made underwear? Cutting the retail pie thinner does not create net new jobs.
There have been a lot of publicity stunts to bring attention to climate change. But surely the only thing less effective than global climate summits is having Derek Jeter tackle the issue.
Nairobi is a thriving metropolis that unfortunately suffers from high levels of inequality and violence. Sixty-five percent of the city's population of 4 million lives in the highly marginalized densely populated slums of the city. In 2007, something remarkable happened.
The world's supply chain forms the backbone of our global economy, security and health, and the risks it faces are many. What to do?  We cannot plan for precisely how or when, but we can plan for the fact that disruptions will strike.
If you feel the economic recovery hasn't helped your pocketbook much, it's not just your imagination. The annual wages of
There is good news and bad news for those who tried their luck with January 26 Powerball lottery tickets. The bad news is
The industry doesn't get it. Not many kids crave Coke or sip it from that iconic bottle because it is 'sugar and fizzy water,' they love or loved Coke because of its marketing.
Despite many in the United States still feeling the pinch, there\u2019s no denying that the job market is improving. Last week
Dubost, a web product manager, built a webpage that is a near-perfect ringer for an Amazon.com product page, with himself
In fact, Twinkies do spoil and have a shelf life of about 25 days, the Washington Post reported. This may come as unwelcome
\Yes, there has been some liberalization of the criteria \u2014 if you have multiple interacting conditions or mental illness
Benjamin Franklin wasn't above a little \slick PR\ but he believed that the appearance of integrity would inevitably be undone without the reality in support of it.
High patient volumes, the hassles of Electronic Medical Records (EMR), political uncertainty and changing reimbursement rates are all cited in surveys and online forums as new and increasing sources of stress for doctors.
Chemotherapy had changed her hair color and length, she said, but not her facial features. Still, the employees reportedly
The Frontline documentary begins the process of explaining what we have been saying for years -- neither the Bush nor the Obama administration has been willing to conduct a real investigation of the elite banksters whose frauds made them wealthy and drove the financial crisis and the Great Recession.
Imagine your car taking you from your driveway at home to your office's parking lot without you having to touch the wheel. It would be commuter heaven.
Aurora isn\u2019t the only one in the health care industry to claim Obamacare is forcing layoffs. Orlando Health, a Florida network
In a flood of lawsuits, Roman Catholics, evangelicals and Mennonites are challenging a provision in the new health care law
One of the public interest groups that has been at the forefront of suits related to food or drink and health is consumer
North Carolina lawmakers have drafted legislation that would ban welfare recipients and people in bankruptcy from buying
Tax policy adviser Michael Lewis said the charity planned to publish a guide for investors next month outlining how they
Organizations with lobbying arms that are backing the inauguration -- which include labor unions in addition to major corporations
The population of the United States living in urban areas is growing faster than the national rate. At last count, more than
IT is a prevailing myth in Washington
The gift of Surrealism is its power to suggest alternate realities, realities that defy explanation, that are intensely personal and communal at the same time, realities that are as porous and fluid as our reality actually is.
If we want to create more jobs, Europe has to invest heavily in the growth sectors of the future, be they genetics, nanotechnology or digitalization. This can only be done by strengthening research and innovation throughout the EU.
Not long after Juan Gallardo Thurlow took over PepsiCo Inc. (PEP)\u2019s Mexican bottling and distribution operations in 2011
\u201cWhat is right about America just totally dwarfs what\u2019s wrong with Washington,\u201d Buffett told CBS News in a recent interview
Krugman argues in his blog post that while many of those factors played a role in causing financial crisis, they\u2019ve been
The Jan. 19 drawing was for a jackpot of $100 million, after no one won in Wednesday's drawing. The lottery is played in
While Republican governors like Rick Perry of Texas and Bobby Jindal of Louisiana may be immovable, Obama needs to keep the
There is no legal framework for a member country to re-establish its own currency or for one member to expel another. Leaving would have far-reaching implications for a country's politics, finances, economy, society and future.
A Manhattan franchise owner told the Post that Subway's bread is not the only thing shrinking. The cold-cut sizes have been
We need people in \human resources\ to realize that you're still \human\ when you're over 50, and to be trained in how to recruit and train employees who are older than them.
A request for comment from Walmart via email was not immediately returned. However, back in 2011, Walmart spokesperson Lorenzo
The best hope, then, is to prevent future crises. Which is reason to pay close attention to whether the financial sector
Geithner said banks \obviously don't have any idea that we're contemplating a change in policy\ - a statement that Lacker
It\u2019s hard to turn on your TV or read an editorial page these days without encountering someone declaring, with an air of
Continuing an effort to make himself understood to Huffington Post readers, Mackey published an op-ed Thursday extolling
These are the Best and Worst Run Cities in America, according to 24/7 Wall St.
\Since the petition delivery on Tuesday, more then [sic] 10,000 people have taken to Walmart\u2019s Facebook page to register
Sick of the McDonald's menu and wish there was more to chose from? You might want to consider becoming a McDonald's tourist
Lance Armstrong, he of illegal performance-enchancing drug confessions, has been called a lot of things recently, among them
Many of the most hated companies have millions of customers and tens of thousands of workers. With this kind of reach, keeping
This week at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, some of the biggest companies in the world will debut the next generation
JPMorgan\u2019s board will weigh releasing an internal report this week that pins some of the fault for the bank\u2019s \u201cLondon Whale
Whatever recovery the jobs market posted in 2012, mass layoffs remained impressively high. Dozens of companies each fired
In an interview with Reuters, Laffer said states with lower income tax burdens outperformed those with higher taxes. SINGLE
Paul Krugman on Sunday accused the Republican leadership of holding the country hostage. \u201cThe debt ceiling is a fundamentally
Paychecks across the country have shrunk over the last week due to higher federal tax rates, and workers are already cutting
A Credit Suisse spokeswoman declined to comment. The creation of a new Credit Suisse scheme comes as banks bow to the demands
CASPER, Wyo. \u2014 After losing everything last year to Southern California\u2019s soured economy, Tiffany Kipp and her family packed
THE numbers seem eye-popping. So many billions here for supposed mortgage abuses, so many billions there for questionable
Private prison corporations such as the Florida-based GEO Group grew in the 1980s and '90s as state prison populations soared
Find the rest of the collection at World Wide Interweb. See, there are a lot of great jobs out there. You simply have to
Identity theft is costly, time-consuming, and can dramatically lower your credit score, making life extremely difficult for many years while you work to correct the problem.
Maiden Lane II was created in December 2008 to buy residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS) from AIG and ease liquidity
WSMV Channel 4 INTERVIEWER
It's time to stop kidding ourselves that while corporate productivity, along with wages and other labor benefits shrink, corporations, workers, and the poor can flourish. Giant American corporations are dying as we watch. It's time to stop blaming government too.
The U.S. is an outlier among Western nations in that there's no federal law mandating sick leave or vacation. A bill that
An analysis of cars that sit on dealer lots for the least time finds that they fall into three groups. The first consists
What will bring U.S. back to full employment is a big question among economists.  The problem is that the 155,000 new jobs per month in 2012 isn't enough to either absorb new entrants, or those that have lost jobs. Only the investment of more money grows a sluggish economy.
It has been four long winters since the federal government, in the hulking, shaven-skulled, Alien Nation-esque form of then
By Jennifer Hoyt Cummings and Jessica Toonkel While these people may be very well-off by any standard, it does not mean that
He said owners can offset some of the costs with tax benefits, which help farm owners. But he said the high costs of owning
President Obama hasn't picked a treasury secretary yet for his second term, so he has a chance to do something different
For my New Year's resolution, I want to understand the banks.  I have a scientific curiosity about how these banks work.  The only way I can think of to truly understand the banks is to dissect one of them.
In September, the Australian Associated Press reported that tobacco tax revenue fell by $341 million. The federal government
This was a great year for customers looking to get great value from credit cards without racking up debt. Since many consumers continued to live lean in the wake of the recession, credit card companies were obligated to provide more tantalizing deals.
\They don't necessarily pay particularly well,\ Lee said. \Salaries on average are higher for the most stressful jobs than
This torrent of money flowing into OPEC, especially into the Persian Gulf States, raises the question how this massive windfall is being put to use other than providing fresh capital for the world's largest sovereign wealth funds, as those of Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and Kuwait.
\They're rather hypocritical about their 'shared sacrifice,'\ said Robert McIntyre, director of the progressive group Citizens
December marked the five-year anniversary of the official beginning of the Great Recession \u2014 the most severe economic contraction
WASHINGTON, Jan 5 (Reuters) - A U.S. congressional oversight panel asked regulators to delay a multibillion dollar mortgage
Dealnews
That is in line with what many financial firms on Wall Street and around the world have been expecting, suggesting forecasts
To make sense of what just happened, we need to ask what is really at stake, and how much difference the budget deal makes
However, current success does not mean future success is certain, and the best CEOs must also make sure their companies continue
Fitzgerald, consummate chronicler of the haves and have mores, was onto something. Covering the billionaire beat for Forbes
More than 40 lawsuits are challenging a requirement in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act that requires most
* Says if necessary first bill of new year will reduce taxes for middle class \Now I think that over the next 48 hours, my
Several large retailers took a leap of faith on what they thought would be a gangbuster holiday season, hiring more seasonal
IN the continuing fiscal negotiations between President Obama and House Republicans, both sides have, from the very beginning
The top 12 luxury brands accounted for only 10.8% of total U.S. car sales through the first 11 months of this year. But these
Check out some 2012 predictions that never came true below and click over to CNBC for more
As the year comes to an end, dysfunctional Congressional politics continues to dominate the headlines, and rightly so. If left to fester, the related inability of Congress to step up to economic responsibilities would risk being associated with more than just sluggish growth or persistently high unemployment. It would also undermine the ability of many citizens to realize the American dream.
When Walmart\u2019s chief executive, Michael Duke, appeared at a Council on Foreign Relations meeting in New York this month, a
Obviously, Jim Cramer is not always wrong.  He has picked many winners, but overall his record is no better than one you would expect from random chance.
The truth is often painful but nonetheless it is important that we live in the real world. Just as little kids have to come to grips with the fact that there is no Santa Claus, it is necessary for millions of liberals, including many who think of themselves as highly knowledgeable about economic matters, to realize that President Clinton's policies sent the economy seriously off course. In Washington it is common to tout the budget surpluses of the Clinton years as some momentous achievement, as though the point of economic policy is to run budget surpluses. Of course the point of economic policy is to produce an economy that improves the lives of the people in a sustainable way. Clinton badly flunked this test.
As Electronic Arts prepared to market Medal of Honor Warfighter, the latest version of its top-selling video game released
\u201cThe persistence of the inflationista, eek! deficits! view despite year after year of failure -- and the amazing effort put
Here's an odd prediction for the coming year
At the conclusion of its lengthy expose of Wal-Mart's bribery campaign in Mexico, the New York Times narrated the story of Emmanuel D'Herrera Arizcorreta, who died in prison as a result of his battles against Wal-Mart. But fellow activists charge that Wal-Mart is responsible for his death.
Success is not achieved within a vacuum. We must be able to build healthy relationships with others to achieve any success in business and life. Commit to increasing your ability to build these relationships in the upcoming year!
Walmart is closed on Christmas Day. Most stores will close at 8 p.m. on Christmas Eve, but be sure to check your local listings
NYSE Euronext's stock market businesses are less valuable to ICE, and the company said it will try to spin off the Euronext
The short answer is, not many stores are open on Christmas. Most large retailers -- including Walmart, Target and Kmart -- will
Most of the nation's largest retailers will be closed Christmas Day. Despite the Black Friday \creep\ that led many stores
The fiscal cliff was always a terrible job-destroying idea that also began to unravel the safety net by cutting Medicare. Everyone involved in creating the fiscal cliff acted irresponsibly and inhumanely in seeking to inflict austerity, cause a recession, and unravel the safety net.
With the president and Congress attempting to reach a budget deal in an effort to avoid the fiscal cliff, it is likely they
Building on the successes of its pilot year that saw 12 of 16 student businesses generate revenue, year two of  Startup Summer kicked off in early July 2012.
Although I am the son of a professional gambler and a lifetime, self-employed entrepreneur, I preach a gospel of being risk-averse when it comes to money. I want people to be secure and have a safety net before they roll the dice on an investment.
With the help of three ghosts, Scrooge finally reached redemption by learning to give to others.  As events of the past two weeks have shown, modern bankers have their own ghosts to face
BofA originally foreclosed on the property in 2009, a spokesperson wrote in a Monday email to The Huffington Post. Before
Tax evasion is endemic in Greece, making it more difficult for the government to shore up its finances under its 240-billion
Back in the 1950s three social psychologists joined a cult that was predicting the imminent end of the world. Their purpose
YOU want the headquarters of Steven A. Cohen, one of the most successful financial speculators of our time, to look like
Back in the 1950s three social psychologists joined a cult that was predicting the imminent end of the world. Their purpose
Humor in the office is highly under-rated, but there is a very fine -- let me emphasize very fine -- line between when to make a joke and when not to.
There are few greater examples of the irrationality of investors than the world of hedge funds. In spite of the historically poor return on investment, money continues pouring into hedge funds.
By a whopping 70 percent-to-22 percent margin, Americans in a new HuffPost/YouGov poll say businesses, in general, should
\This production ... is a window into the nationwide scope of the FBI\u2019s surveillance, monitoring, and reporting on peaceful
Bill Ackman claims Herbalife is a pyramid scheme, and he makes a good case for it. But even if you don't buy his argument, there are other compelling reasons that would make many reasonable people run far and run fast from this company.
In a way, the NHL conflict is a classic union dispute
The Second Amendment to the U.S. Constitution guarantees the right to bear arms, and most gun enthusiasts at the shows on
When workers do call in sick, 72 percent of their colleagues believe they are faking it, according to the poll of 522 full
The National Rifle Association ended its week-long silence following the horrifying massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School
This year, new toys are so lame that we're turning to the '90s for gift-giving ideas, at least according to a report from
Did you leave your Christmas shopping for the very last minute? Not to worry. America's retailers have got you covered. Here
The 38-year-old, who worked out of a Baltimore office, was hit with a five-page letter detailing the dates and times of his
The Mayans weren't the only ones who got it wrong this year. Here are a few of the worst predictions of 2012. Read more on
Ironically the new taxes will have relatively little effect on the detested Romney uber-class, who derive most of their income
A PUBLIC servant who was injured while having sex during a work trip has won compensation after a five-year legal battle
Just across the highway from Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, in a stately white building with an American
People familiar with the matter told Reuters on Friday UBS A Finma spokesman said Branson had removed himself from Finma's
A man at Nichols Store, who would not identify himself, told The Huffington Post on Saturday that the ad placement was \a
In the past 10 years, some of America\u2019s biggest food chains have lost more than 50% of their sales as they closed hundreds
Also on Friday, Utah Gov. Gary Herbert (R) indicated he opposes allowing the federal government to operate an exchange in
CORRECTION
It's difficult to put a finger on what exactly makes employees happy, but career community website Glassdoor just released
Despite some downtrodden Santas, there are 700,000 temporary seasonal jobs available in retail this holiday season, according
After three years of declining sales, shipments of domestically sold beer are up by more than 1% in the United States this
DJs at corporate functions have the best seat in the house to observe employee interactions, which can range from stupid
According to Market Watch, companies who brought in less revenue this year may choose to cut bonuses rather than lay off
When their server returned, the three girls questioned him about the \fat girls\ label, but the waiter denied any wrongdoing
\The Ryan budget is full of -- is full of magic asterisks, too. It's not a real budget. It's a fake document. I mean, I'm
'GAME OF CHICKEN' \The thought that they would allow the economic harm that would ensue if we went over the fiscal cliff
These are the cities where everyone works, according to 24/7 Wall St.
Welch, the former longtime General Electric CEO, became notorious for implying on Twitter in October that Obama's presidential
KARACHI, Pakistan -- The century-old Central Jail here, a gritty repository of criminals, jihadists and sectarian killers
The investigation focuses on trading in Weight Watchers shares in the first half of 2011, when SAC Capital had taken a sizeable
Lundgren is one of 71 CEOs of public companies in the Fix The Debt coalition, which is lobbying to narrow the deficit by
It was unclear if the grant would be transferred to Wanxiang. Wanxiang has had its eyes on A123 for a while. The Chinese
Republican Chuck Grassley, whose home state of Iowa is a top producer of wind energy, thinks the credit is an important investment
CEOs really put their feet (and anything else they could find) in their mouths this year. With the presidential election
WASHINGTON, Dec 2 (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner pressed Republicans to offer a plan to increase revenues
The JOBS Act aims to reduce the regulatory burden for small business start-ups by relaxing various securities regulations
Television networks devoted much of their Sunday news shows to the fiscal cliff, reflecting the urgency and importance of the topic. So did you end up wasting precious weekend hours watching shows that just covered familiar old ground? No.
The chain's UK unit paid no corporation tax - a tax on a company's income - in the last three years for which figures are
\The ball really is with them now,\ Geithner said. \This is pathetic \u2013 and these people are definitely not serious,\ he wrote
In the end, the money that towns across America gave General Motors did not matter. Read more on The New York Times
Based on data published by Coldwell Banker in its annual Home Listing Report, 24/7 Wall St. identified the country\u2019s most
The latest to weigh in on the issue is Skandia International\u2019s Wealth Sentiment Monitor. It found that the global average
Think your Big Mac was flipped by a teenager just looking for some pocket change? That's less and less the case these days
Labor and health care experts portrayed Walmart\u2019s decision to exclude workers from its medical plans as an attempt to limit
The money went to a car magazine, restaurants, a surgery center, trailer manufacturer, internet companies, a race car team
Forget all the stereotypes about the reserved English or the hotblooded Italian. When it comes to being least emotional, Singapore
\It might take testosterone to make these very chancy bets that may or may not pay off, but what you need in the Cabinet
With demand outstripping supply, recruiters say compliance staff can be hard to find, and are asking for the biggest salary
I loved my years in corporate America, which I now view as preparation for real life in the entrepreneurial moshpit. I'll take comforting laid-off clients and drumming up new clients any day over waking up with jaw aching from anxious grinding all night worrying about corporate politics.
Sometimes you get to fulfill your dreams. Sometimes you never knew they were your dreams until the opportunity knocks on your door. Or a headhunter calls out of the blue.
The gap between rich and poor is well illustrated by the large multi-billion dollar corporations employing thousands of low
According to Bloomberg, two customers accuse LIPA of failing to provide electric services because of its \u201cdisregard\u201d in management
Jeff Morris, head of U.S. equities at Standard Life Investments in Boston, said that \it's kind of noise here\ in terms of
($1=0.6246 British pounds) (Reporting by Matt Scuffham; Editing by Sophie Walker and Greg Mahlich) Libor and other past mistakes
For those who work on private military and security contracting issues one longstanding, and still vexing, issue is encapsulated in just three words
Does buying local actually make me a Republican now? Uh oh.
Politicians in Washington need to think about the big picture, and not solve our long-term debt problem like a student cramming for an exam she's not prepared for.
Over the last decade or so, a growing disconnect has developed between the bizarre and almost cult-like rhetoric and practices that companies use with their staff, and the increasingly grim reality of being an employee in modern day Corporate America.
The Thanksgiving dishes were in the dishwasher. It was 11 p.m. and Black Friday was just an hour away. I was standing in front of the Best Buy in Wilton, New York. I had come to witness the sport of shopping.
Students have occupied schools around Rome in recent weeks to express their anger and frustration at repeated funding cuts
I did not spend Thanksgiving evening with my wife and my five children. I spent it, instead, handing out turkey sandwiches to workers in Walmart. And showing my support for one brave soul who walked off the job in protest against exploitation.
Wal-Mart (WMT) protests have broken out at dozens of stores across the country, but lost in the commotion is the reality
It means getting off the couch and proactively tweaking how you present yourself -- so that when you do get your foot in the door, you'll stay in that position for a while.
Click here or scroll down for photos from Walmart strikes across the country. \Walmart cuts hours and benefits to push people
Walmart said it was aware of a few dozen protests on Friday, and said the number of workers that missed scheduled shifts
Instead of playing the Grinch, we need a Walmart that respects its workers.  We need a Walmart that is willing to share the profits that its employees help to produce.
One worker in the Chicago area, who asked that her name not be mentioned for fear of losing her job, told The Huffington
Never imagine you'd see Walmart workers striking against their employer? Now you can, using the Twitter hashtag \#walmartstrikers
Shouting, heckling, fights and arrests. This is just a sampling of the Black Friday action that was caught on video at America's
Earlier this week, GQ magazine published an interview with Senator Marco Rubio, whom many consider a contender for the 2016
A few months ago, Ferreira heard about the union-backed group OUR Walmart, which is orchestrating an as-yet-unknown number
Teamsters officials complained that bakery union leaders did \not substantively look for a solution or engage in the process
Maggiano's is open on Thursday and you can make reservations online at a restaurant near you. The cost is $36.95 per person
Indeed, many workers are pouncing on the opportunity to trudge into work after a Thanksgiving feast, for reasons that may
And yet, Macy's continues to use Trump in advertisements and feature him at company events, despite a petition urging them
If airlines and car rental companies want to increase market share, the big guys should have to earn it by winning the business and loyalty of their customers; not by gobbling up competitors or driving them out of business
The Obama administration is floating the idea that Mary J. Miller, under secretary for domestic finance at the Treasury Department
There is a dirty little secret about economics writing. The thing that offers the surest path to glory \u2014 to front page play
Also Read
Web 2.0 moves us closer to frictionless -- free, instantaneous -- communication. But we were already pretty close.
December 31st is not a cliff; it's a slope. Actually, the better metaphor is a showdown between two different visions for the country -- a showdown that will not only take place over the next four months, but will dominate debate about the economy for the next four years.
But the strange, snack-cake related behavior doesn't stop there. A bizarre petition urging President Barack Obama to \nationalize
BRUSSELS, Nov 18 (Reuters) - The system of so-called \shadow banking,\ blamed by some for aggravating the global financial
Stephen Fuller, an economist at George Mason University, said it could take until the end of March before spending cuts begin
GM so far has two products for Baojun
There is a nearly endless number of criteria that measure how well CEOs perform, whether they are paid fairly, and what metrics
* Oil firm settled criminal charges last week A BP spokesman declined to comment on the report. The settlement means BP will
Looking at the world demographic trends, it is clear that the future of the world might just be played in Africa
The Most Outrageous Excuses for Calling in Sick Among the findings in the BLS\u2019 report, violence and other injuries from people
The Walmart strike, which originated in Los Angeles, has spread to 12 cities and counting. A series of strikes will occur
Congress and the Obama administration reached an agreement to raise the debt ceiling at the last minute last year. By threatening
The CMA said last week that it was not aware of any investigations and had not received any inquiries from regulatory bodies
Who knew there were so many Twinkie diehards? The announcement that Hostess Brands would shutter and liquidate its 33 bakeries
After former Gen. David Petraeus resigned as director of the CIA in the wake of an extramarital affair, he said in a statement
There was a time; admit it. There was a time when, if given a choice between a warm pastry fresh from a baker's oven and
Many companies nationwide, including General Electric and Wal-Mart, actively recruit military veterans to join their workforce
* U.S. central bank adopting series of policy guidelines * Next on agenda
It took Matthew Marshall Taylor less than three months to land a job at Morgan Stanley (MS) after Goldman Sachs Group Inc
But Krugman has also argued that the \fiscal cliff\ presents an opportunity for President Barack Obama to stand his ground
A little-known Northern California town, established more than 100 years ago on a tract of land owned by a Scottish liquor
Where do you go when you need a used jet engine, 36,140 lbs of aluminum shavings, or a pack of 731 belts? To the government
Modern Republicans are devotees of faith-based analysis on every front. On economics, in particular, they are devoted to
Nov 10 (Reuters) - Goldman Sachs Group Inc is in settlement talks with the U.S. government over an $8.3 billion position
Even after heavy manufacturing of farm equipment, marine diesels and cranes became the dominant force in Milwaukee's economy
One factor many of these companies have in common is the fact that they have been able to market themselves as very innovative
In an interview on NPR, Robert Greenstein, from the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities, explained it this way
Even as power returns to parts of the region assailed by Hurricane Sandy, millions of drivers seeking gasoline appear likely
Political leaders have known for centuries what commercial organizations have recently discovered
The Business editors of the New York Times seem forever determined to whitewash and sanitize one of the core causes of the 2008 financial debacle and those who were central to the melt down.
ELECTION Day is upon us, and neither President Obama nor Mitt Romney has really addressed one of the nation's most pressing
Many union workers are among the hardest-hit by the storm, but still worked long days. According to Jim Brown with the Long
In some ways, the tragic events in the Northeast from Hurricane Sandy and discussions around the upcoming fiscal cliff are likely to overshadow this lackluster jobs report as it generally just showed things are improving, albeit slowly.
The previous few nights in New York have been quite cold, and temperatures are expected to plunge into the 30s over the weekend
The planes will fly from sunrise to sunset, with one covering the greater New York City area and the other the New Jersey
Today's U.S. Labor Department report on jobs confirms what we've known for more than a year
I went to a local bookstore and coffee shop where people were situated in every nook and cranny in an attempt to get warmth
In 2011, men working full-time earned a median of $48,765. Women earned just $38,373. That difference of more than $10,000
He can earn million-dollar gains without anybody knowing. He can execute make-believe trades by sending fake emails from
At 3 p.m. on the Friday after Hurricane Sandy hit New York City, the St. Jacobi church in Sunset Park, Brooklyn, was overflowing
With all the talk of fake charities and scam artists trying to take advantage of hurricane victims, it's easy to overlook
Analysts are predicting that the positives and negatives will largely cancel each other out and there will be little impact on GDP -- looking deeper, though, it becomes clear that this isn't true.
The strategy is one endorsed by Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney, a former CEO himself, who told business owners
JPMorgan Chase & Co said its buildings were still open Monday and the bank was planning to be fully operational, using resources
These researchers suspect fiscal contractions take a bigger-than-normal bite from economies when interest rates are very
We don't have to quit our jobs en masse to break the logjam and get human energy moving at work. We only have to notice the albatross on the table and say something about it. We only have to bring ourselves to work, a little at a time.
Detroit\u2019s 2011 general fund revenue was $1.23 billion while its outstanding debt was more than $2.5 billion. For some speculative
One of the enduring legacies of the Occupy Wall Street movement is the term \u201cOne Percent,\u201d referring to the percentage of
There is a scandal in Mitt Romney's campaign -- namely Glenn Hubbard, Romney's chief economic advisor, who was chairman of the Council of Economic Advisors under George W. Bush, and is now Dean of Columbia Business School. First, Hubbard has an abysmal track record in economic policy, including the very issues that Romney has made the pillar of his presidential campaign. Second, like Romney, Hubbard refuses to disclose critical information about his income, conflicts of interest, and paid advocacy activities. Third, both in public statements and in my personal experience, Hubbard has been evasive, misleading, and even dishonest when discussing both policy issues and his own conflicts of interest. And last but not least, those conflicts of interest are huge
For China's up-and-coming millionaires, much of the appeal of a rare cognac like Louis XIII, first created in 1874, lies
THE defenestration of Vikram S. Pandit from the corner office at Citigroup might just be a turning point for shareholders
The U.S. is currently facing a severe shortage of doctors. The Association of American Medical Colleges predicts that by
Kmart, meanwhile, showed a general lack of foresight. The retailer failed to create modern supply chain management that could
* Whiteco Industries - Indiana-based company involved in advertising, construction, entertainment and hotels. Donation
Country music royalty including Billy Ray Cyrus and The Judd's are among a star studded list of of wealthy Tennesseans who
The medium in which this content is produced is also important, as it affects how fast it is shared, and how identical these
In this way, the zombie apocalypse has already come. An invasion of walking dead has gripped the public imagination and is
YouGov said its BrandIndex survey of 2,000 people showed a drop in the its reputation score to -26 from +3. Starbucks Chief
With only a few weeks remaining until the election, it's still not clear how Mitt Romney would manage our jobs crisis. There
It hardly counts as news anymore when some put-upon billionaire starts fulminating about Barack Obama. The likes of the Koch
A lackluster economy plus ubiquitous mobile technology are behind a surprising date-night trend
With a simple albeit ambitious decision, Wall Street regulators have a way to all but guarantee that there will be no more financial sector bailouts
Everyone has to pay the bills somehow. Some people just don't feel great about the means to that end. That's not to say all
Once again, Coca-Cola was ranked the most valuable brand in the world, according to Interbrand, one of the nation's top global
\I HOPE you're sitting down for this,\ said Ali Velshi, the CNN anchor, staring into the camera, his voice booming with incredulity
In a statement sent to Up w/ Chris, Rob Tappan, Koch Companies director of external relations, said that the letter was sent
House flipping\u2019s status as an aspirational American pastime took some hits during the recession but, like disco or SUVs, it
In response to the financial crisis and deep recession of 2007-2009, the Fed cut official interest rates to near zero and
A new lawsuit against JPMorgan Chase is being met with both optimism and skepticism. But, ironically, investigators have finally broken their silence on criminal indictments for bankers... to protect its chief executive.
Total consumption of beer in the U.S. has fallen for the third straight year, according to a report published by the Beer
Tennessee, the state where patients first reported being sickened after the injections, said its pharmacy board will consider
According to a new study conducted by the U.S. Census Bureau, the average college graduate will earn $2.4 million over his
Walmart also could have ulterior motives for considering workers rights, such as covering itself in upcoming Unfair Labor
WASHINGTON, Oct 13 (Reuters) - President Barack Obama sought on Saturday to sustain momentum from Vice President Joe Biden's
Audit Guidelines The inspector, a 26-year-old with little experience, raised no objections to the absence of an antimicrobial
There's a time for larger deficits and a time to be moving toward budget surplus. We want and need cyclical budget deficits to offset slumps; we do not want structural budget deficits that get larger when the economy hits its expansionary stride, which it has not as of yet.
Former General Electric CEO Jack Welch denied on Sunday that he had accused the White House of manipulating the September
TOKYO, Oct 7 (Reuters) - Honda Motor Co said it would recall about 489,000 CR-Vs in Europe and the United States after finding
Britain's support, underlined by Prime Minister David Cameron on Sunday, is also significant, even if it stems more from
Bernanke can often be seen among the crowds at the Nationals' ballpark in sight of Capitol Hill and has rooted for the team
Since June, gasoline prices have climbed more or less steadily and are now 35 cents per gallon higher than they were a year
The unemployment rate fell to 7.8 percent in September, its lowest level since President Obama took office. With just a month
In the poorest economies, there is a much higher proportion of low-end manufacturing and retail jobs. In the U.S. as a whole
Unemployment benefits are intended to provide some help for Americans who need it most. Sometimes, that money can end up
While a lack of middle-class income growth can create headwinds for any economy in the short term, the longer-term risks of political instability and civil unrest can become much greater.
\No president, maybe except Nixon, would actually try to change what the Bureau Labor Statistics does or what the DEA does
Mark Pincus is the latest social-media CEO to become a billionaire - and then a former billionaire - in just six months. Read
Gold in general has great PR. It's slick, it's hip, it's bling. But in a remote corner of West Africa, it's killing children
The unemployment rate fell below 8 percent for the first time in nearly 4 years, according to the jobs report released Friday
Below are some of the biggest holdings of Berkshire Hathaway, click over to CNBC for the full list
24/7 Wall St.
Mexico's Economy Minister Bruno Ferrari told Reuters earlier this week it was \obvious\ the Florida Tomato Exchange had timed
Last year, U.S. exports to China topped $100 billion for the first time. The country is now the third-largest importer of
GREETINGS, unhappy homeowners! Here's some wonderful news
For the next five days, I will clear my calendar with the intent to raise myself out of the muck by gaining some fresh perspective and ideas at Advertising Week. In no particular order, here is a sampling of sessions I will be attending and why.
Mobility, especially in the convergent world, offers us the closest peek into a host of transactional factors that we have never really seen before.
But lockouts are hardly just the domain of professional athletes. As the New York Times' Steven Greenhouse recently reported
\Losing my job and facing a brand-new job search right after giving birth was incredibly stressful,\ Feeney said in a statement
Child labor has long been a part of economic life. In U.S. history, as the Industrial Revolution moved the workplace from
Mutual fund investors who choose no-load funds with low management fees no doubt think they are getting the best possible deal. But even investors in \low cost\ funds get hit with hidden costs that amount to more than $10 billion annually.
It may seem glamorous to be a slick advertising executive like Jon Hamm on the TV show \u201cMad Men\u201d or like Michael Douglas\u2019s
The PRC opinion said that at most, that plan would save about $2 billion, slightly less than the Postal Service has projected
Younger workers and those in the Northeast are particularly big coffee drinkers. And don\u2019t think those who start their day
Feed is generally the largest single production expense for cattle operators. Whatever is fed needs to supply energy and
\This is significant. People are making the decision to put those off because the assurance of a return to investment is
Over the course of the aughts, some parts of the United States that are too cold for fruit flies were opened to Mexican imports
While the average American is making less and the income gap widens, profits in the banking industry are higher than they were pre-recession.
From 24/7 Wall St
College graduation rates continued to improve around the world during the recession, according to a recent international
To contact the editor responsible for this post
The world is full of strange behavior. It is natural to theorize this is due to irrational biases. But often apparently strange behavior is the right solution to a complex problem.
Ellison, one of the most highly paid chief executive officers in the United States, and the world's sixth-richest man, according
The case in U.S. District Court, Northern District of California is Betty Dukes, Patricia Surgeson, Edith Arana, Deborah
The states that donate the most money to presidential campaigns are among the largest and most populous in the country. Places
In the end, why do we care about a 112-gram brick of metal and glass? Because products that operate like extensions of ourselves always win us over in ways that other objects don't. They pull us away from the sameness of daily life and make a claim for our independence.
The Federal Reserve\u2019s announcement \u2013 as widely anticipated as yesterday\u2019s unveiling of Apple\u2019s new iPhone \u2013 that it would
\u201cI would be much more comfortable if, in fact, Congress would take some of this burden from us and address those issues,\ Bernanke
Gun sales increased sharply following Obama's election in 2008. Between November 3 and 9 -- the week Obama was elected -- the
According to 2011 data released on Wednesday by the U.S. Census Bureau, 15% of individuals in the United States live below
The letters are sent by the thousands to people across the country who have written bad checks, threatening them with jail
Given the demographic split, it seems clear that better data are needed to understand which populations really face the most
Read
What determines how much I have to do?  Peter Drucker, one of the finest business thinkers of the last century, said that as knowledge workers we define both our work and its results. This would imply that we somehow have control of what's to be done.
Yet any liquidation would probably require a massive cash infusion, at least initially, in order to hold a bank together
The most direct way to create jobs, the only surefire way to be sure stimulus will work, is direct job creation. But we live in a dark age where any fiscal policy to create jobs is viewed as European socialism, despite the fact that Europe's even more austere than we are.
On Friday, Twitter was ordered by a New York judge to turn over the tweets of one of the protesters arrested on the bridge
You wouldn\u2019t merge companies without combing through a potential business partner\u2019s finances. In financial terms, the joint
Federal and state authorities are investigating a handful of major American banks for failing to monitor cash transactions
Probably the most convincing evidence that Quantitative Easing works is the revival of housing sector. Economists agree that the collapse of housing values is a major deterrent to consumer spending. Housing could finally begin to recover this year.
American \Nanny State\ Laws Click over to CNBC to get the full list. This list of the top 10 college games of the fall 2012
Homeownership offers an opportunity to build wealth, through equity, that renters simply do not enjoy. It needs to be done right; the loans need to be responsible and sustainable. But make no mistake
The season opener Wednesday night between the Super Bowl Champion New York Giants and the Dallas Cowboys made the list, but
\He seemed to be a totally helpless president, expressing hopes for growth, some minor measures that practically came from
The announcement also comes in the week that the Federal Reserve is expected to announce it is providing the U.S. economy
A socialist president who took office in the midst of Europe's continuing economic crisis, France's Francoise Hollande faces
PARIS, Sept 9 (Reuters) - French President Francois Hollande could outline 20 billion euros ($26 billion) in tax hikes and
According to the most recent annual report from the USDA, it now costs $234,900 to provide a child with 17 years of food
Thousands of Greeks demonstrated against the cuts at a prominent annual trade fair on Saturday in the northern city of Thessaloniki
\The truth is more complicated than can be explained in sound bites,\ he said. The DOJ has issued 30 civil subpoenas in the
\Easy money has also sent commodity prices higher. This is the rub,\ Erin Burnett said Friday on her CNN show \OutFront.\ \Gas
For most of the 20th century, the United States has been considered the world's economic superpower. And up until four years
Though there is much to dislike in the Democratic platform, such as its continued support for farm subsidies and its call
These days, the process of selling a home is hard enough. Now imagine selling one you thought you owned but did not. That\u2019s
\LOST DECADE\ Berlin has given its backing to the European Central Bank's new bond-buying programme to lower struggling euro
Because most of these positions are in the medical field, many require at least a master\u2019s degree, and in many cases a doctoral
Despite worries about sagging consumer confidence and shrinking paychecks, business leaders seem unconcerned about the declining standard of living of middle class America, or about the growing number of American families slipping into poverty.
President Barack Obama owes us an explanation for why the economy has been working so much better for financial behemoths than it has for ordinary people.
LONDON, Sept 3 (Reuters) - Only a quarter of Germans think Greece should stay in the euro zone or get more help from other
Having a college education dramatically improves one\u2019s chances of finding employment, a recent report released by Georgetown
IF there's a public villain of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill -- one person who, rightly or not, will be remembered for the
Even as Greece desperately tries to avoid defaulting on its debt, American companies are preparing for what was once unthinkable
Hope you're all having a nice Labor Day weekend! But while enjoying the time off, shopping for mattresses or whatever, please
If it is true we are sleepwalking into a depression worse than we have known before, we must wake up quickly.
Central Falls is a city of about 19,400 people, 60 percent of them Latino, crammed into 1.2 square miles. Over time, as elsewhere
Moody's said the EU's rating would be particularly sensitive to any changes in the ratings of these four Aaa member states
I know who's fighting for wealthy people, for the finance industry, for the oil companies. I can see who's fighting for the troops and even for the poor, though the latter are surely harder to find than the rest. But who's fighting for working people?
A spokesman for the U.S. Internal Revenue Service said on M onday the agency had no immediate comment on the issue. After
NEWPORT BEACH \u2013 What if members of the United States Congress, now returning from their summer recess, were to receive a
* Mulford was U.S. Treasury undersecretary, ambassador The Swiss bank declined to comment. Federal Judge Marcelo Martinez
There will be more severe declines within certain postal occupations. Postal Service mail sorters, processors and processing
Are you a fan of your job? If not, you may want to consider becoming an engineer or dental hygienist. That\u2019s because those
I walked in and meandered around the shop, looking at the pricy shirts, pants, sweaters, jackets, shoes, and other articles of clothing. After examining the apparel, I couldn't find any items with a union label. What gives?
This dramatic change was discussed last week in an Aug. 30 Washington Post story by Jia Lynn Yang
It's an interesting American paradox. People with my personality start big companies. Steve Jobs and Bill Gates are examples. Once the big companies get started, they never hire that same type of rebellious personality to work there. The few times I tried conforming, I failed miserably.
A half-hearted shuffling forward to settle years-old claims of busting U.S. sanctions on Tehran is becoming a stampede since
The Internal Revenue Service has so far not banned such a practice, which some private equity fund managers argue is done
The pension and institutional investment funds that actually own these loans would get paid fair market value. Mortgage Resolution
And what kind of jobs cause the most stress? Law enforcement agents, taxi drivers and corporate executives are some of the
\That is not a cheap cost per job,\ Burnett said. \For those who are keeping track, we are not counting the president's extra
The Great Recession has affected nearly every person in the United States. But the recovery has fared better in some parts
Things aren\u2019t going very well for the middle class right now. If you don\u2019t believe us, take a look at these charts. Over
According to the SEC, Comeaux knew that the bank wouldn't disclose details of its investment holdings, but still used marketing
\Within a few years there\u2019s going to be tremendous perception of what\u2019s actually happening at all levels of the economy and
To avert this risk, German finance ministry officials were exploring an option where Spain or Italy would make a commitment
But even though they might literally be sending the wrong message, the majority of both male and female workers say they
Romney may be catching up. After the Supreme Court's decision to uphold the Affordable Care Act, his campaign received a
There is a new powerful voice who knows how big banks really work and who is willing to tell the truth in great and convincing detail. Jeff Connaughton has just published a page-turning memoir that is also a damning critique of how Wall Street operates.
Keeping tax cuts for the wealthy could cost the U.S. big time. Letting the Bush-era tax cuts of 2001 and 2003 expire on schedule
At Penn Mutual, Caramadre broke sales records, becoming at age 24 one of the youngest Golden Eagles \u2014 a recognition the company
Positions on the efficacy of medical marijuana vary, but thousands of patients suffering from cancer, AIDS, and other diseases
\Some are betting that Greece will not make it. I am here to assure the French president that Greece is determined to make
This article was published by our partner, the Tampa Bay Times, as part of their coverage of what's working in the local
With two teenagers at home, Larkin is worrying about how he will pay for college tuition if the cuts come. He's recruiting
Ryan's federal budget proposal would scale back federal Pell Grants for college tuition -- a move that would hit Blackhawk
Ryan's tax plan as written, of course, is at a significant distance away from reality. Such a drastic restructuring would
HuffPost Live president & co-creator Roy Sekoff was joined by VICE founder & CEO Shane Smith and Chief Creative Officer Eddy
Still, the drought lays bare the folly of trying to expand an industry where the economic fundamentals don\u2019t make much sense
Authorities have said in the past other foreign banks are under investigation. The report of the Deutsche Bank probe came
I wonder if young people understand how to deal with adversity. If young people have been sheltered from overcoming failure, they may not understand that adversity ultimately leads to opportunity.
Consumers, it seems, are always after the shiny new product. For some industries, the latest version is always the most popular
Soros, who is an active contributor to politically liberal causes and frequently speaks on world economic events, converted
But those who like to swear as much as our esteemed Treasury Secretary better be careful. The survey also found that most
Matt Miller, a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress, was also critical of the Roadmap in 2010, and wrote in
Adding to the agony, several key U.S. officials plan to step down, which could mean negotiations having to be reset. Another
The housing crash that began in late 2006 resulted in trillions of dollars in lost wealth and millions of families owing
If the rule of law is not applied equally, whereby a teenager harboring a pack of marijuana gets jail time while executives who cashed in millions pedaling fraudulent financial instruments remain untrammeled, the very edifice of America begins to crumble.
\And when you've got individual small employers trying to navigate investment markets and taking on all of the actuarial
If we presume to be a society living under the 'rule of law' then we need our laws to be consistent and enforced uniformly. We need to strip corporate leaders of any 'shield' to their responsibility to follow both the letter and the intent of the law.
This used to be what it meant to be American.  This used to be the way we kept our promise of economic progress and social mobility.  Has it really been so long that we've forgotten how to do that? Are we so determined to be myopic that we leave a skills gap to another generation?
Sacramento and Elk Grove officials are exploring a controversial plan to use their powers of eminent domain to seize underwater
The Olympic Games are unparalleled in their ability to break down barriers. Here are four ways that athletes follow an entrepreneurial path to achieve greatness.
Any company pushing overseas struggles with new demands and cultures. But the most annoying obstacle may be that pesky language
Simultaneously, and without knowing it, I learned many valuable lessons. When I started, I was a long-haired kid who couldn't manage his way out of a dim room. By the time I left, I had acquired a solar system of management training. Here's some of what I learned...
In 2010, the federal government took the hundreds of billions of dollars it received in corporate, income and property taxes
Relationships become contractual and riven by informational asymmetries. And callous self-interest is freed from the restraints of what should be a fiduciary or -- this is the heart of Kay's vision -- a sense of stewardship. What's lost? Any sense of the longer-term.
Cash Surplus Bloomberg View
24/7 Wall St.
Is the president's assertion that the path to the American Dream in the new global economy depends on providing every child with a good education true?
Reich, now a portfolio manager with New York-based hedge fund WCG Management, was dismissed from Barclays for allegedly sending
Until now the Bank of Greece could only accept T-Bills up to a limit of 3 billion euros ($3.70 billion) as collateral for
According to a newly released report, the United States is predicted to win the most medals at the London 2012 Olympics. For
The so-called troika of EU, European Central Bank and IMF lenders is due to wrap up its visit to Athens in the coming days
Nor has it brought increased competition to an industry that still is an oligopoly, now dominated by the so-called Big Four
Ronald Reagan famously said, \u201cWe fought a war on poverty and poverty won.\u201d With 46 million Americans \u2014 15 percent of the
\RBS is one of the banks tied up in Libor. We'll have our day in that particular spotlight as well,\ Hester said in an interview
Well-timed bullish bets in Nexen options ahead of the announcement also raised eyebrows among some market watchers on the
A spokesman for Career Education Corp., Mark Spencer, acknowledged that the company used such a compensation plan for senior
Judge Christopher Klein on Friday issued a temporary order denying the bid to stop the benefit cuts, and he said a formal
Freddie Hanns, 60, visits the mall almost every week and worked briefly as a contractor there during the renovations. Hanns
Last Friday, Attorney John Milton Merritt plead guilty to 12 counts of using forged court orders to defraud clients, Oklahoma
Read more breaking commentary from Bloomberg View columnists and editors at the Ticker. When it comes to financial debacles
This past week had many New Yorkers indulging an amused horror over a curated set of images on the social-media site Tumblr
The Barclays settlement sparked outrage and a series of public hearings in Britain, after which Barclays Chief Executive
As Dodd-Frank reaches its second anniversary, it faces both the limitations of its scope and the disheartening obstacles to its implementation. Will we really wait for the next, inevitable crisis before we start to develop adaptable reforms?
The report also highlights the impact on the balance sheets of 139 developing countries of money held in tax havens by private
As the Justice Department weighs the possibility of criminal charges in the unfolding Libor rate-setting scandal, it may
Is it my imagination, or does every week bring news of another financial scandal? No, it\u2019s not my imagination. First up
James claims he too was fired for raising the allegations and is asking to be rehired. He is also seeking back pay, bonuses
As I worked non-stop to complete each item in my \to-do\ list, I watched the clock tick away pass my normal bed time. I found
As the interest rate manipulation scandal grips the banking industry, regulators have defended their actions and trumpeted
The root cause of the decline in China's economic growth this year is not the trouble in Europe or funk of the global economy, but rather the unsustainable economic bubbles that have been created by the government, and the collapsing demand that has accompanied it.
Investigators in Washington and London last month struck a $450 million settlement with Barclays in a rate-rigging case, but
Similarly, the problems in the ski resort city of Mammoth Lakes, which faces a nearly $43 million legal judgment that would
According to data released earlier this month, asking home prices in the nation's largest metro regions rose for the fourth
As regulators ramp up their global investigation into the manipulation of interest rates, the Justice Department has identified
A former employee of the financial industry himself, Banzai7 says he became disillusioned with the industry after witnessing
\Unfortunately if someone is prepared to go to the extraordinary lengths necessary to carry out a fraud, as it looks like
\There's an urgency, we're working it hard, Myanmar's working it hard, but they're inundated with other proposals and in
That's more than the $88 a month he paid for his old health plan and more than the $155 price he found when shopping for
The report chalks up much of the discrepancy to managerial subjectivity. Managers are less likely to be comfortable with
The next banking industry scandal to wash ashore in the US from Europe will be the matter of two periods of chicanery in the private association of global banks that set the basis for the so-called \LIBOR\ interest rate.
Will I cheer for the USA Team in Chinese clothing? Of course I will but it makes a cynical statement about the future of manufacturing in the USA. But, Americans, it's time to take the reins and call in our own financial cavalry. We are losing this competition.
Are courtrooms obsolete? No, but many venues are located outside of the traditional courthouse or are increasingly subject to video conferencing such as arraignments.
\After they killed two fresh young Texas patrolmen who came upon them in 1934 - they just massacred them - that's when the
The United States Department of Justice has announced that Wells Fargo has entered into a $175 million settlement agreement as a result of allegations that it discriminated against black and Hispanic mortgage applicants.
The report, Final Forensic Audit Report of Iraq Reconstruction Funds, said the precise amount lost to fraud and waste can never be known, but believes it is significant.
With employees increasingly shuttling their hardware between home and office, businesses need to be sharper at ensuring they're covering the accompanying security risks.
By the time I had finished reading her email, I wished I had a job to give the lovely young woman, but I didn't, and I wrote her as much. She wrote me back. In her email she told me that she was actually already working for Twitter. Huh?!
Summertime is always an excellent time to reflect, recharge and catch up on reading you've been meaning to read for longer
This is positive news following a Bureau of Labor Statistics report showing that wages had fallen in all but a handful of
Despite the rare economic growth, per-capita income in the country with a 24.3 million population stood at just 1.334 million
WASHINGTON, July 8 (Reuters) - The U.S. swaps regulator is set to finalize this week a critical reform that will trigger
* Companies prepared to act, but say it's not yet necessary On Jan. 1, 2013, Bush-era tax cuts are set to expire, $1.2 trillion
Unemployment in the European Union hit a record high in May. According to data provided by Eurostat, the unemployment rate
Sometimes the kids get hurt financially as a result. If your mother is not going to help you to repay the money which you appear to agree is due, then this will rest on your shoulders as a co-signer.
Just when you thought Wall Street had hit bottom, an even deeper level of public-be-damned greed and corruption is revealed. Sit down and hold on to your chair.
Thanks to one amazing email I got a few months back, I now can point to the perfect template of how to go about pitching yourself for a job you want (in email form, at least). Let's look at the actual email I received, and then I'll break down why it works so well.
While some companies are considering returning jobs to the U.S., some brands never went away. 24/7 Wall St. compiled a list
Here in the early stages of the Libor scandal \u2014 and, yes, this thing is far from over \u2014 there are two big surprises. The
Bills that looked very much like the Homeowner Bill of Rights had been introduced for four years.  They died in committee or on the floor at various times, until now. The difference?
Here are the ten states struggling with declining wages
\Between The Hulk being a loose cannon and Iron Man consistently being late, the results speak volumes \u2013 the hourly workforce
Trying to be one with nature? Living in a snail-like home might not be a bad way to start. As for the home's aesthetic design
Societies must recognize the importance of women, who comprise over half of the world's population, participating fully in policy decisions that are made at the local, national, and international levels.
The judge will probably group together other cases with this one, a source with knowledge of the matter said. The lawsuit
Jim Drake, an aeronautical engineer who helped design the X-15 rocket plane and the Tomahawk Cruise Missile and in his spare
Before the turn of the millennium, things looked very different in California. * City manager
The worst errors, the ones reaping the $125,000 payouts, fit into three categories. The first covers active duty members
\It is my personal hope, and that of our members, that the era of litigation is over, and the era of public-private partnerships
Earlier this week, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) released its 2011 Youth Risk Behavior Surveillance
Wal-Mart Stores has suspended one of its seafood suppliers in the South as an advocacy group for foreign workers pressed
Balancing profit with a social conscience. Read more on Aspen Ideas Festival
* European media see Merkel beaten by France, Italy Spain \The southern euro countries are taking the north hostage,\ wrote
Wal-Mart Stores has suspended one of its seafood suppliers in the South as an advocacy group for foreign workers pressed
By Luke Baker In a second section examining the steps required for closer fiscal coordination, the document says there is
Parents who punish their kids by taking away their computer privileges may be doing more harm than they know. That's because
It\u2019s no secret that many jobs traditionally have been dominated by one gender or another. While the inroads women are making
IF your image of a city hall involves a venerable building, some Roman pillars and lots of public employees, the version
The coalition brings together the conservative New Democracy, Socialist PASOK and Democratic Left in an alliance that will
Taxpayers have seen drastic cuts in public services after an economic downturn and support for public workers is waning. Union
But these days a college degree is no guarantee of economic prosperity, especially among the nation\u2019s youngest. The Great
Take a look at the home in the video below
In the year since, the ruling has been touted as a godsend for corporations. It has been cited numerous times by judges as a reason to throw out class actions in such disparate areas as toxics in a neighborhood, overtime pay cases, and insurance overcharges.
Joe, you are the New York Times chief columnist on banking. It's time for you to focus on the real problem with the banking system and stop looking for saviors. It's banking policy, not people, Joe, that needs changing.
Some dads are great at tennis. Some dads are great at the piano. My dad is an incredible entrepreneur -- to say the least.
The euro rose to $1.2747 in early trade, from around $1.2655 late in New York on Friday. Volumes were light with traders
WASHINGTON, June 17 (Reuters) - The Group of Seven industrialized economies said it was in \all our interests\ for Greece
In 2011, world peace improved for the first time in three years. Incidents of terrorism fell and the global economic downturn
Why did I tell the big firms that I had a 10-month-old at home, you might ask? My answer is simple
The index assessed Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Colombia, Ecuador, France, Germany, India, Japan, Kenya, Nigeria
So what kinds of fields are a good bet for job seekers? Which industries should you aim for if you want to avoid being replaced
If the Eurozone breaks up, it's not going to be just Europe that suffers. Oxfam predicts food shortages and other economic
It's a similar story in other major cities. The harsh summer job market for teens is compounded by this
\u201cA desire for tangibility and familiarity, coupled with concerns about broader markets, is encouraging more investors to
\Give the bond markets what they want, bail out the reckless so long as they are also rich, use fiscal and monetary stimulus
Whichever way you look at it, Sunday's election in Greece entails major uncertainties. What is clear is that, by itself, the outcome is very unlikely to immediately end turmoil and uncertainty. Indeed, even a simplified analysis entails many permutations and combinations.
Some global businesses and banks are already in retreat. \That's why it's so important that the Greek elections preferably
Developing countries needed to \prepare for the uncertainty coming out of the euro zone and the wider financial markets\, Zoellick
During a call with other labor leaders on Thursday, SEIU-UHW President Dave Regan suggested that the California Labor Federation
The two are often asked to comment on what's right in gay advertising. For one, they said, an inclusive message like the
The recent decision of the Spanish government to ask for a $125 billion recapitalization program was not an easy one. However, the Spanish package is substantially different from its predecessors.
Dimon also may shed more light on the bank's decision to radically change the way risk was measured in the Chief Investment
In 2011, the U.S. economy grew for the second straight year, although at a slower pace than in 2010. According to figures
The next meeting of Federal Reserve policy makers, on June 19 and 20, will probably be contentious. The latest employment
\Over the next two years, we will build 383 houses and townhouses across Central Queensland and we are spending A$54 million
NEW YORK, June 10 (Reuters) - Former Goldman Sachs Group Inc board member Rajat Gupta, on trial on insider trading charges
Some economists believe that Asia is largely insulated from the ongoing economic crisis in Europe and North America. However, there are a number of trends and associated risks emerging in Asia at the present time that fundamentally challenge this assumption.
The rich are out to make memories. More than half of all luxury spending worldwide now goes toward luxury experiences -- $770
There are a few upsides to J.C. Penney's small-town fleets. Those stores were the fastest to adapt to J.C. Penney's new pricing
Irish Finance Minister Michael Noonan said the funds would be provided through the EFSF or ESM at the same interest rates
While European soccer players were expertly kicking the ball down the field this weekend in the Euro 2012 tournament, European
\Usually, salary is an emotional and sticky situation,\ co-founder Blake Jones told American Express OPEN Forum. \In the
Commercial music takes up about 25 percent of their time, including the soundtrack for a recent American Express spot. \The
It has caught the attention of U.S. Senator Charles Grassley, who has asked the SEC for more information about whether the
Shale oil deposits are already being accessed through the oil industry's initiative in such locales as North Dakota with its rapidly growing oil production and its resulting and startling economic boom.
\This is a good example of what we are doing differently now,\ he said. \We are not waiting for the fund to blow up or the
Krugman was responding to Romney adviser's claim that the GOP presidential nominee believes the Ryan plan is \the right direction
That means for some time the European Central Bank will remain the institution capable of acting quickly to avert disaster
While some income inequality is generally considered necessary in a free market economy, extreme inequality is not. In the
MADRID, June 3 (Reuters) - A small town in western Spain believes there is one thing more important than jobs
Similarly, a GOP-backed bill in Arizona would have lowered that state's tipped minimum wage of $4.65 by more than $2, among
\Any rating actions taken as a result of the new ceiling will be released during the coming week,\ Moody's said in a statement
But Planning Korea isn\u2019t alone in its emphasis on organic and environmentally-friendly architecture. Swedish furniture company
The U.S. has lost an important part of its global leadership role. The G7 and IMF lack legitimacy and credibility. And the G20 is still working on its operational effectiveness. All this speaks to continued uncertainty and volatility -- economic, financial, political and social. Since the world starts naturally long risk assets, we could well see more investors seeking less risky asset allocations, including cash in what they deem as \safe jurisdictions.\ In the process, valuations -- for bonds, commodities, currencies, and equities -- could well diverge for a while from what many deem to be historically fair valuations. As Will Rogers is said to have observed decades ago, investors should be concerned with the return of their money and not just the return on their money.
The house at 4404 Cedar Ave., in south Minneapolis, sits a little ways back from a leafy road. An American flag flies from
You can parse the stories about how the bank's risk-management people loaded up on risk, or digest the accounts of how JPMorgan's financial wizards engineered mind-bendingly complex means of limiting their vulnerability to troubles in Europe. But the simplest answer is the most pertinent
It would behoove us to remember that slow and steady often wins the race, just as a more balanced approach to work life can be more beneficial than the helter-skelter mindset of our cut-throat labor market.
Some of those who can buy are moving fast. But comments from major lenders Bank of America and Wells Fargo & Co suggest they
Together, the sums translate to about 77 percent of the banking system's household and business deposits, which stood at
One of the ways in which banks are hoping to plug the likely funding gap is by issuing bonds secured on their prime mortgage
Quick quiz
Long derided as \corporate raiders\ only interested in making a fast buck often to the long-term detriment of their target companies, some recent successful activist investor campaigns have done much to rightfully disprove this long-held misconception.
Quick quiz
\I have worked hard all my life and took risks in business. I am 62 years old now and cannot risk my money becoming drachmas
Last week the Financial Times ran a piece which opened thus
I am less interested in the business model than the value our culture is putting on what is still perhaps the most important news gathering institution in the world -- versus the value it is placing on a social media company.
All Wall Street needed to do was deliver a fair price -- an honest price -- to the common, middle-class investor. Instead, what they delivered was a shafting of the retail investor to the benefit of their best customers; the venture capitalists, prime brokers and inside institutions.
Private equity may not have been the prime mover, and at times it spawned uncertainty and job losses (or worse); but it also opened opportunities, not just for buyout mavens like Romney, but for owners and managers and, in some cases, workers of middle-market companies.
Reassuring customers they will not lose money and strengthening the deposit guarantee scheme is nonetheless the biggest lesson
Despite the allure of getting a historic building for free, the programs aren't for everyone. With restoration costs ranging
The troubles of Greece's sex and pornography trade echo those plaguing its wider economy. Shoppers at the stands were few
For the second year in a row, 24/7 Wall St. examined the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development\u2019s report
Understanding China's consumer culture is a good starting point for understanding the nation itself, as it races toward superpower status. Material similarities between Chinese and Americans mask fundamentally different emotional impulses.
At Kaiser Permanente, we have a wonderful level of diversity among our caregivers and staff, and  among our patients and members. Our diversity gives us the sensitivity and the connectivity that we need to serve our members respectfully and well.
LOMA LA LATA, Argentina \u2014 In a desertlike stretch of scrub grass and red buttes, oil companies are punching holes in the
Other super-wealthy women that made Wealth-X\u2019s cut include Australian mining mogul Gina Rinehart, valued at $29.1 billion
Best Buy released its first-quarter 2012 earnings this week, and though the numbers beat Wall Street expectations, net income
In the months leading up to North Carolina\u2019s vote this month to ban gay marriage, most of the state\u2019s business leaders were
What's bad about the NBA Pass? The whole point of cable/satellite media was to open up the market for telecommunications broadcasts from outside one's local viewing area. This is exactly what the NBA Pass is curtailing.
Federal authorities today are trumpeting efforts to root out insider trading, and they\u2019ve caught some big fish. Yet many
\The current situation is causing public uncertainty. That's exactly what political leaders shouldn't do.\ Schaeuble said
\Finally, the whole of Europe needs to become more competitive and productive. That means reforming welfare systems, investing
Internet security analysts warn that Facebook is a hotbed for online crime. According to an infographic published earlier
Michael Wildes, an immigration attorney and a former federal prosecutor who is not involved in the case, said it is \not
Ever since JPMorgan Chase disclosed a multibillion-dollar trading loss this month, the central mystery has been how a bank
Now Gap has released a campaign featuring two young men cuddling inside the same T-shirt, accompanied by the caption \Be
Knight Frank said the fall in luxury house prices in the first three months of the year was led by Tel Aviv, where prices
Speeding up the process can cause problems, however. In another example of foreclosure confusion, a Houston couple and their
DETAILS IN THE FILING By Rick Rothacker and Paritosh Bansal Ally does not have publicly traded shares, but has stockholders
The public opprobrium directed at Wall Street throughout 2008 and 2009 met with no satisfactory reformist result. That leaves us with Occupy Wall Street as the only viable option of steering the nation off the course of permanent high unemployment, low wages, and a shredded social safety net.
The constitution sets no deadline for Papoulias to complete his search for a deal and he has given no indication how long
California could well receive a windfall from the planned initial public offering of online social media firm Facebook, which
CEO Jamie Dimon said he did not know the extent of the problem when he said in April that the concerns were a \tempest in
It is a trend in the consumer electronics business \u2014 manufacturers rise to become industry leaders only to be outshone by
Some of the testimonies were collected by a team of Making Change at Walmart representatives who since mid-April have been
Since Bill Clinton's first term, taxes have fallen the most for the wealthiest Americans. Federal tax rates plunged 9.4 percent
Nationwide, absolute mobility, increased 17%. In many of worst-off states, it was as low as 12%. Nationally, 34% of those
Accretive Health has been battered in Minnesota, Washington, and on Wall Street since Swanson published a six-volume report
When banks don't do the upkeep on seized properties, the empty homes wind up being a huge financial drain on the community
Despite the multiple challenges at large, I am optimistic about African agriculture. There has certainly never been a better basis to build on.
The United States is trying to pull out of the greatest financial tailspins in its history.  Dice-rolling braggadacio by a key officer at one of the nation's largest banks is exactly the kind of thing Congress, taxpayers and voters should find scary.
Financial markets are inherently unstable. They will neither self-correct nor self-regulate. Their instability poses a threat to markets and economies and people across the globe.
AS I follow the modern Greek tragedy unfolding in Europe, I flash back to the 18 years I spent in Athens, walking to school
Once we climb outside the box, all sorts of possible solutions emerge. We could be tons more innovative than we are, if we'd just acknowledge the fact that traditional American business isn't based on the idea of solving complex problems in clever ways.
Confronting the worst job market in decades, many college graduates who expected to land paid jobs are turning to unpaid
OMAHA, Neb., May 5 (Reuters) - Warren Buffett on Saturday told Berkshire Hathaway Inc shareholders that he has not changed
Bloomberg View
Here we have this enormous dichotomy between insider trading in stocks and bonds, and commodities. The difference being, with commodity trading, most everyone is impacted.
April car sales data are out, and they are not cause for celebration. Though sales are up 2% overall from last April, they
We don't need socialism. We need a capitalism that works for the vast majority. The productivity revolution should be making our lives better -- not poorer and more insecure. And it will do that when we have the political will to spread its benefits.
Europe's election results sound an alarm for European integration and, consequently, the wellbeing of both the region and the global economy. Let us hope that the inevitable short-term volatility is a precursor to a more decisive effort to deal with the continent's festering problems.
The real meaning of the April jobs number is that the participation of age-eligible Americans in the labor force -- both working and unemployed -- is at a 30 year low. How is that synonymous with an economic recovery?
The invisible hand that Adam Smith said would guide competitive economies to socially desirable outcomes seems to have lost several fingers.
Across the board\u2014for goods ranging from cars to books to clothes\u2014Americans are increasingly acclimating to the idea of giving
If the same percentage of adults were in the workforce today as when Barack Obama took office, the unemployment rate would
Considering that Chapter 12 is best known as a chapter of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the authors may have wished for another chapter number. On the other hand, considering the gap between some claims and evidence, perhaps it is appropriate.
We can no longer tolerate such a diversion of wealth that has weakened our economic and social fabric so much that we have fallen behind the rest of the developed world in education, health care, aging infrastructure, and even environmental protection.
The most successful companies -- both in terms of their culture and their ability to grow in the marketplace -- will be those that recognize the unprecedented and unstoppable power of women.\nCaves are places to hibernate. It's time to wake up.
We are now several years into what has been one of the deepest, most sustained, and catastrophic economic downturns in U.S
O'Neill, who coined the term 'BRIC' in 2001 to describe how the economic clout of Brazil, Russia, India and China would challenge
video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo player In the piece, he accused Bernanke of ignoring the economic advice
The Prudential American Group says on its site that homeowners who intentionally damage their homes after foreclosure could
* Warns of risk of social unrest in Africa, Middle East Labour market recovery has also stalled in Japan, the report said
When students arrive at community college, they encounter remedial programs that are often taught horribly by professors
Within the industry, the Tiburon CEO Summit has a certain \mystique\ about it. Where can a CEO turn for unbiased advice and camaraderie? Other top-shelf execs!
Maclaren USA, the closely held stroller company that quietly declared bankruptcy in December two years after it was forced
CORRECTION
Pop quiz, hotshot. You're the prime minister of Spain. It's 2005. Unemployment is at a two-decades low. Housing prices are
After years of weak housing markets, home sellers are hopeful that this spring\u2019s home-buying season will finally lift prices
Jack Palmer, a company employee, has reportedly accused Infosys of misusing the B1 visas to send employees from India to
24/7 Wall St.
Economists don't really like presents. They think they are irrational. No gift giver can know what another person wants most
A lot of the waste in the health care system comes when a physician orders diagnostic tests that aren't appropriate for the
It's clear that financial crises and the volatility created by the instabilities of finance in recent years are an organic and harmful element of our social system.
Two years after President Barack Obama vowed to eliminate the danger of financial institutions that are too big to fail, the
Like most Americans (though not Mitt Romney, who got an extension), I filed my 2011 tax returns this week and paid my five
The renewed volatility in stocks last week was due to conflicting signs of additional central bank liquidity support, both in Europe and the US.
WASHINGTON, April 15 (Reuters) - A proposal to impose at least 30 percent income tax on Americans making more than a million
NAIEL IQBAL\u2019S co-workers couldn\u2019t figure him out. Ms. Jukaku, a former analyst at Goldman Sachs, prayed in her Manhattan
WASHINGTON, April 15 (Reuters) - The U.S. economy is in a better position to deal with high gasoline prices, Treasury Secretary
Highly recognizable brands can be invaluable, but they require constant attention. Their value can rise or fall because of
Turns out cities across the country are home to employees that work hard in a variety of ways such as working long hours
On his way to Colombia on Friday, Obama gave a speech at a shipping port in Tampa, Florida, on the ways U.S. businesses and
BP held its annual meeting on Thursday, and, all things considered, the company\u2019s shareholders had much to be happy about
\When it has come to actually putting in place the reform-based structure that would actually have changed the way the banking
SAN BERNARDINO, Calif. \u2014 For decades, California has been seen nationally and by its own residents as a state divided into
What's more, the financial services sector is now bigger than it was before the financial crisis. Wall Street accounts for
24/7 Wall St. identified 10 states that tax two-parent families of four living at the poverty line at the highest rate, based
If timing is everything, than the timing of Mr. Sorkin's article becomes ever so curious coming just one week after the publication of these humungous sums. There he was, as so often before, trying to steer our focus from the excesses of Wall Street's \Big Money\ parade.
It is what makes the Internet human in peoples' eyes. It is what makes HuffPost a community, a family. It is what, for today's teenagers, makes life before the mobile Internet, before Instant Messenger, Google, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and so many others, inconceivable.
The last time AT&T faced a big strike was in 2004 when 100,000 workers walked out for four days on the company, which was
At the least, Bingaman said, he wants to see the banks report that their lending margins have stopped contracting. Net interest
Americans love chocolate. Apparently, Easter Week is one of the most popular times of the year to indulge. Nearly 71 million
PHOENIX -- Perhaps no law in the past generation has drawn more praise than the drive to \end welfare as we know it,\ which
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- The countdown is on. With just a few more positive job reports, President Obama could stand a chance
State and local governments for a time were able to shield public safety and education workforces from harmful cuts as the
Janet Kloppenburg, an analyst at JKK Research, said Gap\u2019s colored jeans and its transformation came sooner than she expected
As most Americans basked in the warmest, sunniest March in half a century, economists stared at the skies with dread
James Stewart at the New York Times has doubled down on his infatuation with Paul Ryan. Ryan's budget, he says, is a viable centrist starting point for budget negotiations, and attacks from \left and right\ are mere \partisan rhetoric.\
After nearly two years of disputes with Bank of America, Afghanistan war veteran, John McDevitt will be refunded $25,000
SAG-AFTRA, one union, now stands where once there were a separate Screen Actors Guild  and the American Federation of Television and Radio Actors. The labor movement is far from dead.
Although the states with the greatest numbers of green jobs relative to total employment vary in many ways, they share several
THE biggest forum for sex trafficking of under-age girls in the United States appears to be a Web site called Backpage.com
If the Volcker Rule is implemented as planned, that would have a major negative effect on the bond yields paid by the Muppets and other leading providers of children's entertainment. No one else will ever trade these bonds to any significant degree.
----------------------------------------------------------- BACKLOG FROM PAST YEARS, INTERNS SOAR College graduates' earnings
The Food and Drug Administration vets new drugs before they reach the market. But imagine if there were a Wall Street version
PHILADELPHIA -- Amid all the sobering discussions of what happens when cities run out of money, fiscal sleight of hand and
The same package - the vintage whisky in a crystal decanter with silver trimmings, two crystal glasses and a leather-bound
The fatal combination of being on the outs with Wall Street and the atrophy of the size of the business proved insurmountable and culminated in today's failure.
\People love tax cuts, and the property tax among taxes is the tax people love to hate,\ said Reshchovsky. \But they also
A prime example may be Goldman Sachs' CEO Lloyd Blankfein. The Wall Street bank was the target of criticism even before it
Then Hall encountered the final part of the application, which required her to sign a document laying out a new compensation
Maybe states need not rush quite so fast in the ever-famous race to the bottom. State tax increases also have very little
While the outlook for our country is getting brighter, the outlook for hundreds of thousands of individuals still seems bleak. What can you do if you're one of those folks whose job -- and/or company -- is gone forever?
(Recasts; adds details) By Jonathan Spicer NEW YORK, March 25 (Reuters) - U.S. exchange operator BATS Global Markets withdrew
What should have been said by our president is that this government is moving heaven and earth to convert our transportation fleet from gasoline and diesel to being powered by compressed natural gas.
\This is the most awful piece of promotional material I've seen published in the last several months, if not years,\ Amy
The European Union toughened financial sanctions and placed a ban on Iranian oil imports on Jan. 23, but gave companies until
The Great Recession is officially over, but for a huge number of Americans, serious debt lives on. U.S. households owe a
Paul Volcker sounded off on critics of President Obama in an interview with CBS's Anthony Mason. Asked whether he agrees
ED DeMARCO is a marked man. The acting director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency and overseer of Fannie Mae and Freddie
While most Americans are happy with their family, friends and home life, more than one in five Americans are unhappy with
Wall Street workers still feeling fat from last night's steak dinner and red wine can even coordinate their workout with
CHICAGO, March 24 (Reuters) - Greg Smith, the former Goldman Sachs executive who resigned this month and condemned the investment
The $200 million transfer from a customer fund account to JPMorgan was made to cover a $175 million overdraft in one of MF
Healthy skepticism is a good thing but what if we could actually reframe it and call it 'awareness' instead?
Greg Smith doesn\u2019t know the half of it. Smith, now the most famous former Goldman Sachs derivatives salesman on the planet
EVEN now, after all we\u2019ve been through, something is still wrong with Wall Street. That\u2019s the takeaway from the extraordinary
Last Friday, President Obama pointed to the improving labor market as a sign the economy is recovering. According to the
Seasonal patterns help show us what's really going on in the housing market, which is important because they give us hints about when we should search, list, buy, sell or build.
How do you mix the agile nature of a start-up with the slow rhythm of a regulated industry? If you want to disrupt the dinosaurs, you have to be creative -- and patient.
I don't have time for everything I want to do, but I'm still able to accomplish a lot. Because I embrace new experiences, it probably seems like I'm doing more than I actually am.
PUSH ON EXECUTIVE COMP \We don't think their current compensation disclosure looks at how compensation relates to internal
Have you been eating more at restaurants with waiters rather than fast-food joints? If so, you are not alone, and that in
Ruth England, owner of Rogue Running, told the station
According to the Bangkok Post, he was also part owner of a hospital and wine production company. Chaleo founded T.C. Pharmaceuticals
Americans in general do not sleep well. But those who sleep the worst live in the South, according to a new study by the
Ladies
FORTUNE \u2013 In a sign that the economic recovery may be gaining steam, the U.S. added 227,000 net jobs in February -- the third
After a full week of talks, ministers from the six-party coalition also decided to freeze a further 650 million euros of
New analysis shows what a lot of younger Americans have probably noticed for themselves
Whenever I travel, I revisit certain recurring themes -- how little I really need to be happy, the quality of food in other countries, the relative costs of things around the world, and the nature of wealth. This trip, the theme that ran most through my travels was the concept of class.
It releases the banks from civil government claims over faulty foreclosures and the mishandling of requests for loan modifications
Homeowners in both towns have been flooded with robocalls from both Corrections Corp. and activists seeking to sway public
The FDIC closed the second bank of 2012 to fail with no acquirer today. South Michigan Avenue became the focus of Friday evening activities to shutter the $71 million institution.
There's a growing consensus among economists, investors, academics, and consumer advocates that more \principal reduction\ can help avoid another wave of costly and economy-crushing foreclosures.
ATHENS, March 10 (Reuters) - Greece hopes to get 1 billion euros ($1.31 billion) in financing from the European Investment
The issue \u2014 as anyone looking for income-producing investments knows \u2014 is that the Fed drove down interest rates to almost
When is good news bad news? When we\u2019re talking jobs. In the upside-down logic of the labor market, a falling unemployment
Americans are not any happier than they were last year. In fact, they are slightly more miserable. At least, that\u2019s what
Recently surging gas prices aren't solely the fault of taxes though. Other factors, such as a tense situation in Iran and
The disputes over credit default swaps on Greece highlight the fact that most participants in the credit derivatives market are at the mercy of ISDA when it comes to interpretation of ISDA's language. The only solution to that is to exercise one's rights.
The FDIC closed another bank in Georgia this week bringing the total to three so far in 2012. Global Commerce Bank in Doraville became the latest casualty of the bank clean up's march through the South.
NEW YORK, March 2 (Reuters) - Moody's Investors Service on Friday cut Greece's sovereign debt rating to the lowest possible
Parker runs the house as a nine-room bed and breakfast, timbers the land and plants grasses for bobwhite quail. Plus, the
\I was nothing without a job. I was like a dead man walking,\ he said by phone, breaking down in sobs. He said he showed
* Glitches in new e-file software at IRS Some tax preparers said they are facing angry customers upset by the late refunds
Carrie Hurt, the CEO of the Council of Better Business Bureaus, said she wasn't surprised by the list. The Better Business
After many months of wrangling, a foreclosure settlement has been reached between 49 state attorneys general and a consortium
For footage of the clash between police and protestors, watch the full report by WHAS above, or go to @OccupyLou to view
A group of nursery school students were part of a study done on delayed gratification  at Stanford in the late '60s. The children, given the opportunity to eat a marshmallow, were then tracked for the following 40 years.
Two people died in one 2011 crash involving a vehicle equipped with the tires, Goodyear spokesman Scott Baughman said. \A
The state's claim that need is declining or a raft of program cheats have been exposed may appear true when you look at certain
Americans between the ages of 50 to 64 got 500,000 fewer colonoscopies, or screenings aimed at detecting colon cancer, during
A draft set of conclusions prepared ahead of next week's summit showed that euro zone leaders will call for an international
Feb 25 (Reporting By Ben Berkowitz; Editing by Eric Beech) - Legendary investor Warren Buffett said on Saturday that Berkshire
Sunday's Academy Awards are all about celebrating art, the highfalutin will tell you. It's about the mastery of a medium
Of course, Oscar spots won't reach nearly as many viewers as the Super Bowl, but they do turn the heads of an important demographic
Nowhere is it written that you have to watch videos on YouTube or write emails on Gmail. I've been pretty pro-Google and
Hackers defaced the website for the Florida-based GEO Group, the nation's second-largest operator of private prisons, calling
It doesn't happen very often, but this week one of the two banks closed by the FDIC failed to find a buyer. Such failures have been rare events to date as the regulator resolves troubled institutions.
\It's the higher-level use that's probably causing the most problems,\ said Kimberly Henry, an marijuana researcher who wasn't
For many years, policy makers and public officials have argued about whether public policy should help promote American manufacturing or whether we should leave it alone and let the market do what it will. As usual, such stark positions have little to do with reality.
After months of speculation, GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney recently confirmed that he is worth roughly $200 million
The tumult and fabricated anxieties over Iran's oil supply give ample cover to an oil price veering ever higher -- prices explained away by the political tensions at hand. But the question needs to be asked -- what is really driving oil prices?
Last week the European Commission confirmed what everyone suspected
Tamayo expects the number of posts to keep rising until the market recovers, \and I can't see that happening any time soon
Our finance industry is on the attack again. The industry target now is the Volcker rule -- the proposed rule that would limit the ability of banks to trade for their own account. Leading the attack has been JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon.
Lin's talents are inspiring his teammates and fans alike. He came from nowhere to become a top trender on Twitter.
Ron Paul, even among his detractors, enjoys a reputation as a man of clear principle. But the more I study his positions on free trade, the more the one word that comes to mind is... disingenuous.
Obama has declared income inequality to be \the defining issue of our time.\ I agree, but I am terrified that the most recent news related to the housing settlement is not the definition the president intends.
Over the course of the recession and the years that have followed, federal funding for most social safety net programs has
High-deductible health insurance plans will be eligible to be sold starting in 2014 on the insurance \exchanges\ created
Yet American Apparel has long been targeted by shoplifters, many of them indistinguishable from the chain's loyal customers
There's an old saying
Some Wall Street investors made money as the mortgage market boomed; others profited when it fell apart. Having reaped big
For the rollout of its 2013 federal budget, the White House could have chosen a medical lab, an electric-car factory or a
Nearly four years ago, a small group of cities, including Memphis, Los Angeles and Buffalo, N.Y., began taking claims against
Motorola Microsoft Apple Firefox Google Nokia IBM Levity aside, Raszl may be on to something. As design critic Steven Heller
On the frontline of the industry's resistance is the Private Equity Growth Capital Counsel, the industry's lead lobby, which
Confidence among builders jumped this month to the highest level in four years, and construction jobs are on the rise too. But housing markets are local. In some cities you hear the sweet sounds of hammers and backhoes, but others cities are silent.
Looking after the people in their care, the country's pension funds, and the government itself, are waging war on the middle class; cutting their wages and retirements and making rich people richer.
Suddenly, manufacturing is back -- at least on the election trail. But don't be fooled. The real issue isn't how to get manufacturing back. It's how to get good jobs and good wages back. They aren't at all the same thing.
Now that Lin is defending his name, perhaps even more so. This story was updated on Feb. 18 at 9:15 a.m. to include a comment
Five years into the country's unprecedented foreclosure crisis, hard data about the exact nature of the mortgage companies
The budget, which will delivered to Congress on Monday, projects the deficit at $1.33 trillion this fiscal year or 8.5 percent
Branding wonks have thrown out many comparisons to Lin's ascent, now dubbed \Linsanity.\ They include Rudy Ruettiger, the
The ragtag Occupy Wall Street encampments that sprang up in scores of cities last fall, thrusting \u201cWe are the 99 percent
Never in the history has so much money been poured in the direction of banks, most of which don't need it. It is becoming clear that European banks will use it, not to boost the economy, but to manage their balance sheet.
It is rare for one of America\u2019s largest companies to lose a third or more of its sales in a brief time. When it happens, it
I received an email from a gentleman widely regarded as one of the world's foremost resume experts.\Now how do I say this diplomatically? Your resume really sucks.\ The comment didn't just sting. I felt like one of the victims on an episode of CSI.
If the 'settlement' involving mortgage foreclosure practices is supposed to be good news for the country, I must have missed something. To me this is a thinly disguised attempt to buy votes (with banks' money) for incumbent politicians.
Some who talked to American Banker said that the political pressure to announce the settlement drove the timing, in effect
Still, the head of the second-largest union, which signed the labour reform pact, said at the time it would significantly
On Feb. 10, 2012 the FDIC shifted bank closure activity from the south to the center of the country this week failing Charter National Bank and Trust in Hoffman Estates, Ill. and SCB Bank of Shelbyville, Ind.
While some of the states with high foreclosure rates have had substantial improvements in their economies, others continue
Of the top 250 global retailers in 2010, 10 alone accounted for 29.4 percent of the all sales, according to a new report
Facebook and the billionaire Mark Zuckerberg has joined the establishment. It has become another corporate giant which cheated us, luring on a concept of global friendship which has turned out to be lined with corporate greed.
The price of heating oil has gone up by 40 cents this year to $3.71 per gallon while Washington snoozes away, letting the oil boys walk all over us while our fellow citizens freeze up in Maine and other northern states.
The day after the State of the Union Address, President Obama visited a Phoenix suburb to tour Intel\u2019s still-under-construction
The Obama administration, which is pushing states to sign on the new settlement, agrees that the Countrywide deal has underwhelmed
If the mortgage settlement turns out to be the final installment of relief for homeowners, it will be a colossal failure, both as economics and as justice.
A healthy skepticism is an activist's best asset, and we need to keep banging away to hold the administration accountable in its belated response to mortgage fraud.
BEIJING, Feb 5 (Reuters) - China has a stake in helping the euro zone countries get through their debt crisis, Chinese Premier
Years before the housing bust \u2014 before all those home loans turned sour and millions of Americans faced foreclosure \u2014 a wealthy
Doctors hoped to redefine the 2008 Atlantic Coast Conference Defensive Player of the Year as Mark Herzlich, cancer survivor
Over the intervening three years, what did Obama do? Well, we got a stimulus package, and then a year later an absurdly complicated new law that addressed everything except the most important issues. And that's about it.
ORLANDO, Feb 3 (Reuters) - NYSE Euronext plans to focus on smaller deals and returning capital to its shareholders after
The non-performing loan ratio for Indian banks was 2.3 percent in the last fiscal year. (Reporting by Swati Pandey; Editing
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady and New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning gathered impressive stats to guide
Also Read
\When the Supreme Court's decision came down, Walmart announced that the case was over,\ said Joseph Sellers, co-lead counsel
ATHENS, Feb 5 (Reuters) - Greek Prime Minister Lucas Papademos faces a critical task of convincing international lenders
Arguably, this Sunday is one day in the year that can not only make or break an NFL player's career but also that of a major marketer.
The United States is divided into 41,861 distinct zip codes. And the difference in housing prices pushes them even further
Over the past few months, there have been some negative reports about the Indian Point Energy Center in Buchanan, New York. Public debates are a good thing and, we believe, so are facts to help dispel myths.
Davos is supposed to be the gathering ground for the global elite. I soon found out, however, that not all leaders are equal.
American consumers, still worried about finding or keeping their jobs and paying their bills in today's troubled economy, could receive another blow if a major health-industry merger between Express Scripts, Inc. and Medco Healthy Solutions is approved.
Just because you\u2019re retired doesn\u2019t mean you don\u2019t have to work. As of the end of last year, 7.3% of Americans 75 and older
One source said refiners' preparations for a possible strike are unlike any seen in 20 years. Eighteen workers have died
Arizona Governor Jan Brewer's tarmac tiff with President Obama influenced a major book bump. Who knew that her Scorpions for Breakfast tome even existed before the photo-op transformed it into a best-seller?
The general pattern of the FDIC closing banks with weak operating characteristics and deepening asset quality troubles continues. The FDIC shuttered four additional banks today bringing the 2012 count to seven.
Don't like keeping all of your money stuffed underneath the mattress? That could cost you a pretty penny. Here's all the
After 30 years, \People Greeters\ will no longer welcome Walmart customers with a \cart and a smile.\ Four months after Walmart
For decades, as crises have assailed developing countries from Indonesia to Argentina, the powers-that-be in the United States
\Analysts at Adobe combined historical purchase and upgrade data with survey data and found that customers with the highest
