Zeta Beta Tau was slapped with probation.
The media executive submitted his resignation letter, but made no mention of the allegations against him.
Several women have accused Norman Pattiz of sexual harassment.
We must resist.
In today\u2019s highly competitive global economy, a college education has never been more important. Tragically, it has also
Harvard\u2019s pandering to the Trump crowd as if they were legitimate political actors. They\u2019re not. They\u2019re collaborationists.
On the night of Sept. 26, shortly after historian Ibram Kendi introduced American University\u2019s new Antiracist Research and
The far right has a new playbook, and it\u2019s important we all recognize it.
\u201cWell played and lesson learned for me.\u201d
Four months have passed since the riots that brought The Evergreen State College to the attention of the world occurred and
\u201cNew semester, new me.\u201d This is something I tell myself at the beginning of every school semester, determined, excited and
A lot of what I do entails helping students achieve the best ATAR (Australian Tertiary Admission Rank, sort of like the SAT
There are a number of ways to better your odds provide yourself ample opportunity to see the world.
As colleges increasingly worry about boosting their retention and graduation rates, campuses are returning to their old-school ways.
Today is a day to feed your outrage and channel it toward progress.
\These hateful groups chose the conservative movement, our movement, in order to try to gain some form of legitimacy.\
Is it really a dorm room if it doesn't have LED string lights?
By Meg Scharf UCF Forum columnist What will this week\u2019s UCF graduates take with them when then leave campus? Many will
It\u2019s August, which means it\u2019s almost time to go back to school. This time we\u2019re not bummed \u2013 it\u2019s Back To School Month here
Commencement was over, and we had awarded diplomas to the more than 800 graduates in a timely way. I had made remarks, as
One for you, one for your college student \u2714\ufe0f
Although it can be terrifying, I love the idea of having my whole life in front of me.
The Department of Education predicts that nearly 2 million students will receive bachelor degrees this year. If recent trends
The reality of what occurred is far more complex, and, in fact, far more insidious than the caricature presented in most media reports.
The wealth of universities cannot currently rely on athletics to drive their finances. Here's how to change that.
Are you barely out of college and already panicking about debt? Fortunately -- well, really, unfortunately -- you\u2019re not
Our national discord weighs on all of us but none more than the fresh, young minds of our nation.
Congratulations you smarty pants! You\u2019ve done it! You graduated!!! No matter how many years it took you or how you managed
By Ali P. Gordon, UCF Forum columnist I love college sports. I\u2019ve got the Knights, Yellow Jackets, Tar Heels, Hoyas, Maroon
If institutions can have the rights of persons, should they not also be subject to the corresponding responsibilities?
Look for the people with less and you will find where you should help.
And they undermine American values.
This past weekend, two very high-profile alumni from two very high-profile academic institutions went back to their alma
Stories about entitled, apathetic millennials just keep coming. A sense of entitlement is one of the diagnostic criterion
Maybe we should worry less about what Yang said, and focus on bettering the world.
By
Before settling into my career as a professional college essay advisor and part-time acrobat (one of those things might not
There should be an overall awareness that not all students are privileged to stable mental health conditions.
There are few milestones more celebration-worthy than a graduation. Whether moving on from high school or completing college
Right now, I would settle just to be tolerated.
Over the next few weeks many students will be graduating from colleges and universities and starting that tough search for
Twenty years ago, in the spring of 1997, I was starving. I was an undergraduate at the New School for Social Research, on
There is new dawn of political activism and engagement for America\u2019s young people (as well as old!). As a college student
If you are one of approximately 1.8 million students receiving a bachelor\u2019s degree this year, you\u2019ve probably been working
Size, of course, matters.
By consistently raising the standards, the state has pulled back resources for students who are most in need.
This is a challenging time in which to be an international student \u2015 or a prospective student \u2015 at an American college or
Working this last month with Students Against House Bill 51 at the Georgia state Capitol has reminded me of my own time as
Georgia\u2019s controversial House Bill 51, which would require colleges and universities to report rapes (and other felonies
In higher education, people like to pick sides and stay there, often in the face of stubborn facts. Such is true of the ongoing
As president of Yeshiva University, the largest Jewish university outside the State of Israel, and as a human being, I am
If liberal indoctrination were real, how did Betsy DeVos make it through college without adhering to a radical political agenda?
The violence at the UC Berkeley campus Wednesday night which cancelled the speech of alt-right provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos
Months after a dining hall worker broke a window glorifying slavery at Yale\u2019s Calhoun\u2019s college, the university appears to
Every time the left tries to silence Milo instead of debate him, Milo wins.
Future victims now have to contend with the possibility that an entire community will turn against them.
When did it become the norm for an American to forget about his identity?

U.S. Court of Appeals Judge Richard Posner knows a thing or two about the law. In 1981, President Ronald Reagan appointed

A lot of people these days take a gap year between high school and college to learn, explore, and mature. Some take a year
Making an effort instead of reinforcing tropes is a good starting point.
Being a college athlete, you already have many things that demand your attention.
If you live anywhere near a college campus these days, you\u2019ve seen it
Can Women End War? A Feminist Meets With Fidel Castro I met him. I had a drink with him. I argued with him. Fidel Castro
How are we supposed to respond to this tragedy when some people believe this isn\u2019t a tragedy at all?
This election is about more than the next four years.
The reporter was found liable with malice on six claims.
Columbia Journalism School described the story as \a journalistic failure.\
The 2014 story \u201cA Rape on Campus\ was debunked and retracted.
Maybe I\u2019m just not meant to go to college, I remember thinking, in tears.
\A Rape on Campus
That is not our locker room.
In November of 2014 I attended a lecture by former President Jimmy Carter in Memorial Church at Harvard. He spoke about Violence
Julia Gillard, Education Comissioner & Former Australian Prime Minister Kailash Satyarthi, Education Comissioner & Nobel
The truth is nothing can complete someone but themselves.
This should surprise no one.
When you're 23, you don't know that being great at writing emails can be the framework for a job.
Judge Aaron Persky believes switching to civil court will reduce \distractions that threaten to interfere\ with his duties.
Parents, the best gift you can give your kids is financial education.
Such regulations have become more popular since Dartmouth College adopted a ban in 2015.
A big decision against Columbia University could impact private universities throughout the country.
On the whole, I think I\u2019m a pretty average college student. I go to class, go out on the weekends, and have Dominoes
I had no idea what I was getting myself into.
The resignation is effective immediately.
Public higher education institutions often plead poverty, as many state legislatures have cut their support.  These reductions have, in turn, prompted many schools to shift more costs to students and their families, a scenario that partially explains the almost overnight explosion in student debt.
The university finds most accused students not responsible in campus rape cases.
A social media campaign is demanding that schools do the \bare minimum\ by saying sorry.
Arguing for a higher standard of proof would mean sexual harassment is treated differently than any other type of discrimination, they assert.
Are college professors too liberal?  Do we need more conservative professors?  Has a lack of political diversity turned campuses into centers of liberal indoctrination?
For too long, colleges haven't tracked whether their policies and programs are effective.
Major \ud83d\udd11 alert
A grim way to mark half a century since the Bell Tower attack.
As the summer break nears its end, many of you will start off with our senior year of high school. Having graduated high
The GOP candidate may have a legal right to speak, but he's awful, the professors say.
It\u2019s yet another obstacle for borrowers from the country\u2019s largest state-based college loan program.
Adult college students are struggling too.
It's unclear if the Democratic Party platform could actually increase the number of low-income Americans earning college degrees.
If you're going to a public college, tuition is only one part of your financial worries.
Most have nothing to say about the man being nominated for president in their city.
\u201cRepublicans are very concerned that we get a good return on the money we are spending.\u201d
\u201cIt\u2019s 2016, I shouldn\u2019t have to come to work and see things like that.\u201d
Some 1,400 students and alumni from the Wharton School condemned the GOP candidate's \prejudice and intolerance.\
If we don\u2019t see race, we can\u2019t see racism.
Nowadays, most college students are so busy attending classes and working full or part-time, that they are not always thinking
\We hope this opens the door to further discussion about inclusivity.\u201d
Campus Pride says students should have the right to join the influential single-sex organizations.
The vice president said he'd like to take away federal funding from those universities.
History professor Gabriel Piterberg took a European fellowship while he was serving a suspension.
Rolling Stone apologized for \discrepancies\ in the article, but 3 members of a UVA fraternity claimed it harmed them.
More professors are vowing to not work with the well-known philosophy professor in light of recent allegations of sexual harassment.
The university system is hosting a conference this week to figure out how to address the problem.
Let's recap what he told grads over the past 8 years.
Philosophy professors have worked behind the scenes for years to warn people about allegations against Thomas Pogge.
We can acknowledge the past, honor and celebrate it, but we shouldn\u2019t get stuck there.
In a few days I will board a plane to Lincoln, Nebraska. As the day draws near I find myself becoming more anxious and emotional
\Do not forget how blessed we have been and that what ignites true happiness is giving back.\
He could face up to 25 years in prison for the rape of an unconscious woman in 2013.
The college president urges hugs and support for Hispanic, LGBT and Muslim students impacted by the attack.
But his defense attorney blames it all on drinking and partying.
\Asking this man to assume the highest office in the land would be like asking a newly minted car driver to fly a 747.\
You are the latest generation and you are, whether you are yet aware of it or not, charged with saving our Union.
The rape survivor support group meeting at Stanford University on Tuesday started with birthday cake. But when the sweets
He said he \never really\ used alcohol. Court records show otherwise.
(Reuters) - A week after a gunman shot and killed a UCLA professor and then himself, the university has begun a security
A petition with nearly 60,000 signatures says the university should acknowledge its role in the campus attack.
(Reuters) - Eighty-five students have been disciplined for cheating on quizzes and tests at Ohio\u00a0State University veterinary
Good English's drummer blamed political correctness for the ex-Stanford swimmer's sexual assault conviction.
Brian Banks, a promising high school football player who had committed to play at Southern Cal, was an innocent man accused
There will be good and bad times, but it's worth living through it all.
A former Stanford swimmer who sexually assaulted an unconscious woman was sentenced to six months in jail because a longer
Our civil discourse has gone off the rails, and it's up to the Class of 2016 to help fix it.
Students in recovery for drug or alcohol addiction will have a new housing option just for them.
\I am worried that the next president will bring back racism.\
The university once spent $556 on an olive jar for his home.
Non-profit organizations have been created to help college administrations better respond to mental health challenges.
\Always remember, a struggle is not easy \u2013 that is why it is called a 'struggle' rather than a 'picnic.'\
Uncertainty can be a benefit.
The total cost of attending college in the United States has risen dramatically in recent decades \u2014 faster than inflation
That event 15 years ago helped inspire his career goals.
Also, it's rude.
\My personal guess is they have no respect for mankind.\
Graduates reportedly yelled things like \Trash!\ and \Get off the stage!\
A professor said he used it for 40 minutes while onstage!
If you don't take care of yourself, you aren't going to be able to help others, she said.
The university said the SAE chapter created an environment that breeds discrimination.
How a liberal arts college attracted students from all walks of life -- and decided that wasn\u2019t enough.
\You\u2019ve challenged the forces of racism by disrupting the veneer of complacency, to speak the truth.\
When the #SleepRevolution College Tour launched in April,\u00a050 college campuses signed on to host fairs, pajama parties and
\Don\u2019t allow yourself the easy course of the constant amen to everything that you say.\u201d
Nap your hearts out, Bears!
The New Jersey senator urged the Class of 2016 to push for a better world.
\For months, no matter what I did, it felt like the crushing grief would always be there.\
For the long game, place your bets on this year's graduating class. Their immediate prospects may have been hobbled by standardized tests and a rigged economy. But when push comes to shove, they know what matters. They understand the virtues of compassion and courage.
Many colleges are adopting mandatory reporting policies.
\The Commandant of Cadets, after considerable review, determined the uniform exception cannot be granted.\
The Education Department wants colleges to \ban the box.\
The 42nd president called for unity during his commencement speech.
\You may have hidden talents, skills, passions, you just don't recognize them yet.\
Eric Barron says he's \appalled by the rumor, innuendo and rush to judgment that have accompanied the media stories surrounding these allegations.\
The 19-year-old had his front teeth knocked out and needed a dozen stitches.
No one bothered to address his concern that guns could be taken into daycare centers on campuses.
A secret 2015 report found that a doctor on the UC board of regents tried to negotiate a deal between his eye clinics and UCLA, and engaged in discussions in which he had a financial interest. He denied wrongdoing but resigned as chair of the regents\u2019 health committee.
A cranky Boomer tells Millennials to toughen up.
\u201cWe cannot erase American history but we can confront it, teach it, and learn from it,\ the university president said.
One program shows how a little support goes a long way
Katehi has come under scrutiny since the Sacramento Bee published documents it said showed the university paid consultants to quash negative posts about the school.
\ud83c\udf93\ud83c\udf93\ud83c\udf93\ud83c\udf93\ud83c\udf93
Massachusetts on Thursday unveiled what state officials called the first initiative in the country to offer tuition rebates
Both women suing the school said they were raped at fraternity events.
But she hasn't heeded the calls for her to resign.
Apology, accepted?
A print ad appearing in Harvard University\u2019s student newspaper on Saturday has a controversial message for students
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A California lawmaker on Thursday joined at least three of his colleagues in seeking the resignation
People have chalked things like \Deport them all\ and \Build that wall\ in public spaces.
#AskforConsent
\u201cI don\u2019t want them to think, \u2018Oh I should go to these top schools.\u2019\
Established in 1845 by the final Congress of the Republic of Texas, Baylor University in Waco is the state\u2019s oldest continually
Snooze on, students!
Students claim the last survey produced a distorted picture of the reality on campus.
\ud83d\ude34
Under Peter Salovey, the Yale Corporation gains influence. And it's slowing things down.
The motto \Sleep, grades, social life
At over 50 campuses across America, we are partnering with major brands to start a cultural conversation around sleep\u2019s importance.
New documents revealed sexual misconduct at the university involving twelve staff members.
A dean claims the magazine defamed her in the article as a villain in Jackie's case.
Sophisticated humor.
However, the university said it \needs to be honest and forthcoming about its history.\
A small school uses its \large voice\ to call for a new approach to farming.
But after multiple federal complaints and lawsuits, some students are skeptical of another task force on sexual assault.
Some rare good news for kids in the struggling school district.

Emma Sulkowicz's art project received international attention, and he insists the school should have done something about it.
The board \bowed to conservative voices that seek to tarnish my stellar 12-year record,\ she says.
It's so ironic that a culture that cares so much about concepts like honor does so little to actively address affronts on their dignity. Asian culture emphasizes stability, but seems to undervalue the sanctity of feeling safe and empowered in one's own skin.
One student was suspected of making racially charged comments, according to initial reports.
Students are making covers to spread awareness about sexual assault, and they are hauntingly good.
A student argued that selling the drinks on campus promoted a culture of stress and bad work habits.
An Indiana University Bloomington administrator was accused of assaulting an NYU student conduct official.
Caddying offers more than merely employment for young men and women. It affords exposure to successful role models, new friends and life lessons. Better yet, it gives those who might not otherwise have the opportunity to attend college a chance at a higher education.
Two students trying to improve their skin were condemned in a campus-wide email as \racist.\
Several new websites are challenging  \dinosaurs\ at campus newspapers, as they overhaul reporting on campus.
The employee said an anti-abortion group fabricated the threats and the university took sides against him.
Federal grants cannot be used for many post-secondary courses that lead to good jobs.
New footage emerged of the controversial professor clashing briefly with police in October.
It's one thing for a board to hire a president who can incite necessary change; it's quite another to pour gasoline all over the house.
They're not letting any pushback hold the campaigns down, either.
The accuser says an investigation into her claims was handled \unfairly.\
\You just have to drown the bunnies ... put a Glock to their heads,\ the school's leader apparently told professors.
Professor Hawkins said Christians and Muslims \worship the same God.\
The organization trains administrators to handle sexual misconduct cases on campus.
Alpha Epsilon Pi fraternity members at the University of Chicago referred to a Muslim student-activist on campus as a \u201cterrorist
School officials say the goat is in \excellent health and poses no public health risk.\
We found listings for dorm rooms at campuses in New York, Philly and Chicago.
\You can call us on your cell phone whenever you need our help.\
It's no secret that the T is suffering from significant financial and structural problems, including a $242 million budget deficit and aging trains that often fail to run in cold and snowy conditions. But many parents are already struggling to send their children to school, and finding the extra money for a fare hike seems like an unfair burden.
Many students are deterred from opting for a homestay when weighing their study abroad choices, simply because they don't want to live with strangers. However staying with a local family, living and breathing the culture and being a participant in your new country will make your experience so much more beneficial in all aspects of your trip.
She's also been charged with misdemeanor assault.
Due process must play out for the tenured professor, he says.
Students who applied early to the University of New Hampshire will know by the end of the month if they were accepted. Then
The school allegedly covered up a rape to protect the prized football program.
Activists and student government leaders say the school is putting its public image above fixing the problem.
Teresa Buchanan's lawsuit against LSU blames the federal government for her termination.
Some students could get a reward for taking at least 15 credits a semester.
It's not what you think.
Recent allegations say the college referred to choking as \erotic asphyxiation without consent.\
Yik Yak posts show young voters are \feeling the Bern\ and aren't big fans of Hillary.
Studying abroad widens your perspective of the world. By integrating yourself into a community and culture different from your own, you gain a better understanding of the world and that can make you a more empathetic and well-rounded person overall.
University officials said not to rely on what they stated in their press release.
*head desk*
The admissions process at prestigious universities tends to favor the well-off.
Students demanded Tom Rochon's retirement for his handling of racial tensions on campus.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) -- A young woman at the center of a debunked article in Rolling Stone magazine about a campus gang
The entertainer's lawyers sought to dismiss criminal charges in suburban Philadelphia.

She challenged the Christian college's version of events in a news conference Wednesday.
These posts on an app popular on college campuses provide a glimpse into how students feel about the announcement.
Who needs the LSATs?
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan 5 (Reuters) - Members of a Penn State University fraternity will not face criminal charges for hazing
Students aren't naively demanding that colleges make the world perfect, these leaders say.
A new app is helping victims regain their voice.
Regulators say the campus debit card giant failed to tell students how to avoid fees related to their financial aid.
Is administrative bloat real?  And to what extent is growth in administrative salary lines responsible for the increased cost of higher education?
At universities outside \power\ conferences, deep concern about the huge sports tab, HuffPost's survey reveals
BOCA RATON, Fla. (AP) \u2014 Florida Atlantic University has taken steps to fire a professor who has repeatedly raised questions
And plenty of campuses are busting the myth that sleep is just time wasted.
Despite the cesspool of a website at one campus, he thinks there's a way to build positive communities elsewhere.
Justice Scalia should know better; if nothing other than judicial temperament could guide him, he should know that a wise judge must think twice before opening his mouth to say something really stupid and highly prejudicial in front of the parties arguing their case before him.
Were members aggressive and disrespectful? Yes. But not racist.
The campus was the site of the first mass shooting on an American college campus.
Her email was tame, but the backlash became too much.
Bravo, Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Bravo.  \ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f
Clergy, faculty and students are sticking up for the University of Tennessee's efforts to be inclusive.
Amid debates about systemic racism, elite schools make a symbolic change.
Our small towns are vibrant hubs for innovation and creative collaborations because we all need to pull together to tackle community issues.
\Let's teach them a lesson if they ever show up here.\
The trade organization plans a PR blitz and wants fraternities to speak with a \unified\ voice.
Following \constant media scrutiny,\ fraternities are plotting to launch a \sophisticated\ public relations effort in the coming years.
The male student was booked into jail on suspicion of felony malicious harassment.
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) \u2014 A charter bus carrying college students to three Virginia campuses overturned, leaving one person seriously
He sold the drug from his dorm room and counseled students on how to take them.
Several different programs across the country could show us how to get every high school student the option of free community college.
\It was pretty specific in terms of time and place.\
Most sexual assault victims don't press charges due to fear, she says.
Plebes suffered injuries like a broken nose, fractured cheek and multiple concussions.
LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) -- University of Kentucky President Eli Capilouto has decided to cover a campus mural from 1934 that
\I need to be very clear here
Some students are fighting back against attempts to highlight Woodrow Wilson's racist legacy.
She had gone to a formal event at a hotel off-campus.
Students say Andrea Quenette made \deeply disturbing remarks\ during a class discussion about race.
He was wanted on four charges after displaying an antique gun at his frat house.
It's been gone for a month.
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) -- Brown University says it plans to spend $100 million over the next decade to address diversity and
It must be easier for conservative columnists to fret about those crazy students instead of focusing on the intellectual wasteland sprouting from what was supposed to be their think tank driven \revolution of ideas.\ These writers are aghast that students from groups long discriminated against aren't just grateful to their institutions for allowing them on campus.
We respectfully but emphatically disagree with your criticisms of our film The Hunting Ground. Instead of making unwarranted and unsubstantiated attacks on the film, we urge you to take a leadership role in addressing the problem of sexual assault that exists on your campus and far too many others.
Most college officials surveyed say they monitor social media feeds.
The NCAA said their old nickname was \hostile and abusive.\
The president said last week, \I'm happy to resign.\
The student was kicked out of his frat, resigned from student government and was going to face an honor code hearing.
The Princeton president acknowledges the former U.S. president was a \racist,\ but says there are \no easy answers here.\
Most schools have around 1-in-20 faculty that are black.
The threat comes three days after the Paris attacks.
Mizzou seems to have catalyzed years of tension over inequality and race.
LAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) \u2014 Racial tensions are growing at the University of Kansas with a call for three top Student Senate leaders
The demands are strikingly similar to those from 1969.
The groups gave up after spending months lobbying in favor of the bill.
\Change starts when people demand it in the street.\
An Elon University football player has died after falling from a 10-story dormitory on the campus of the University of North
10 students overdosed when they took what they thought was Molly.
Janna Basler's actions amid this week's protests will be investigated.
Campus activism is frequently met with online harassment.
Ithaca president Tom Rochon, like Missouri's Wolfe, has been under fire for his perceived soft handling of racially sensitive incidents on campus.
This isn't about the media.
He wasn't on campus while posting threats to social media, they say.
They say it's a symbol of racism.
A glance at several recent incidents on U.S. college campuses involving race
\Fine, goodbye. We'll find 25 or 30 new ball players to sit in.\
The measures aim to \ensure that our campuses are free of acts of hatred\ and \embody a culture of respect.\u201d
Student activists have presented the school with a list of demands for increasing campus diversity and acceptance.
COLUMBIA, Mo. (AP) \u2014 Long-simmering protests at the University of Missouri over matters of race and discrimination got a
University of Missouri Chancellor R. Bowen Loftin will transition to a new role in 2016.
Catching you up on why students are threatening to walk out this week.
Banner beware!
They criticized an email warning students to be culturally sensitive.
The student told an investigator his academic coach asked about the sex between him and her daughter, and about the condoms they used.
Would you care more about college sexual assaults if they were bear attacks?
The Student Bar Association says the policy was only meant to apply to members of a private Facebook group.
The number of food banks on campuses across the U.S. has soared.
He criticized sexual assault prevention efforts he said put an unfair burden on male students.
The student loan system works very well if the government is doing the lending.
Accreditation agencies are supposed to make sure that colleges are putting students in a position to succeed. That\u2019s not happening at schools overseen by one accreditor in particular.
His lawsuit against the school alleges the acts were \racially-charged.\
Both victims are believed to be students.
The president joined a number of employees wearing stereotypical Mexican garb.
The money will help black and Latino students in the university's film school.
The attacked student suffered a concussion, several broken teeth, a ruptured eardrum and had a bruised lung.
Laura Hanson says University of Oregon attorneys obtained her counseling records without her permission. The university says it did nothing wrong, but has since changed its policy.
Just go to bed.
Why a chancellor decided to apologize for his school's handling of campus rape cases.
Police say it happened at an unsanctioned fraternity initiation.
He's accused of shouting \white power\ and \kill the police\ as he grabbed her by the neck.
The judge says he's \not likely to succeed on the merits of his claim.\
BOSTON (AP) -- The Massachusetts Institute of Technology announced a five-year plan Wednesday to combat climate change but
Some say the University of Miami overreacted by forcing Colin McGinn out, but others say the school didn't do enough.
The organization used statements from groups that do not support the legislation to argue in favor of it.
As African-Americans and citizens of a country that values political participation, this country is always asking for political engagement from blacks but if it's not in the manner deemed appropriate, we are asked to sit down and be silent.
The president announced it after a controversy how recent allegations were handled.
On May 20, Karen Arkin was standing in the common room of her son's dormitory at Northwestern University. The day before
STORRS, Conn. (AP) -- A food service worker involved in a confrontation with a drunken University of Connecticut student
The alumni insist the racial slur allegation is false.
Geoffrey Marcy\u2019s resignation was immediately accepted by UC Berkeley leadership.
He's basically on probation now for allegations dating back to 2001.
Apparently, people wanted to send him mac and cheese.
They waved signs and displayed American flags above the road leading to campus.
The students who started the fundraiser are awesome. That drunk kid is not.
Multiple media reports say students wore blackface, but no photos have emerged to prove it.
The investigation lasted nearly a year.
Some of them have yet to figure out how to get people to read, much less absorb, the information.
The graffiti said
The national office says no pledge was forced to participate, but it's still \highly offensive.\
They were arguing over whether whether
Harvard and Yale are also getting richer.
Three reasons that help explain what's happening.
FARGO, N.D. (AP) -- With North Dakota State enjoying a stretch of four straight national football titles since it moved up
Universities are supposed to expose you to ideas you disagree with, he declared.



The inflatable doll was a mistake.
A new report serves as an endorsement for the value of fraternities, sororities, honors colleges and other communities.
MIT wants to make sure their students aren't stopped by state investigations, again.
Sanders' College for All Act and Clinton's New College Compact both present universal reforms of student aid that are reasonable, much-needed, and fair to both public and independent colleges.
\u201cI am sorry I failed you. I'm sorry you lost your life so soon.\u201d
\Now this is a little creepy thing to do but necessary so let\u2019s keep this low key.\
Most colleges do not include any notation when students are sanctioned for sexual misconduct.
The University of Delaware says three items found hanging from a tree on campus were not nooses, but remnants of paper lanterns left over from an event.
A survey of 150,000 students reveals a major gap.
Um... are we serious here?
Arresting someone who bought bottled water, slamming innocent student to the ground are not enough to spur major changes.
Ten more people have been charged in Pennsylvania in the hazing death of a New York City fraternity pledge.
The feds say UVA mishandled dozens of cases.
It's one of the largest attempts to study student experiences with sexual assault in college.
Joe Biden
Experts say it's fueled by changes in pop culture.
He pleaded guilty in June.
Free speech scholars are confused by the system's attempt to \uphold free speech by banning free speech.\
The bill would add new rules for college sexual assault investigations.
32 other students from Baruch College also face criminal charges.
Students can save money by graduating early, but may miss out on other chances.
Only 62 out of 1,136 reviewed make the cut.
The College Scorecard completely ignores the increasingly non-traditional nature of the nation's undergraduate student body today, and instead, presents data as if most college students are privileged children whiling away four years in some grove of academic luxury.
Many private universities with lavish endowments give little aid to poor students, according to new data.
Seriously, though, you should pay attention in class.
...But keeps $10 billion in holdings in other fossil fuel and energy industries.
Don't make your Star Trek references look so much like male genitalia next time.
Every year I speak to the families of new students at Wesleyan University just before they say goodbye and we start our semester. Having just dropped off my daughter (far from home) as she starts her first year in college, this was particularly poignant for me.
He had to hide behind a bush in his underwear until a Good Samaritan gave him his clothes back.
But the university isn't hiding its annoyance with the lengthy investigation.
The amount of college students smoking daily has almost doubled in 8 years.
The most important thing is to validate the victim's experience, according to Rosemonde Pierre-Louis.
Pretty on target.
\On fleek\? These professors can't even, but they do feel bad for everyone being on top of someone named \Fleek.\ Lehigh
Nearly 5 percent of students at the University of Kentucky say they were sexually assaulted in the past year, but most of the cases went unreported, according to a survey conducted by the college.
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP) -- Yale University's leaders on Saturday urged a campus conversation about whether to change the name
The decision comes in the wake of the South Carolina Confederate flag controversy.
Colleges and universities are soft targets for legislators; it doesn't take much moral courage for a Senator to beat up on a university that allows a predatory quarterback or arrogant frat boys to get away with horrible offenses against women.  Shame on the university presidents who have looked the other way.
The school says letting the student continue her mattress protest was a \decision at the heart of academic freedom.\
SAVANNAH, Ga. (AP) \u2014 Authorities are investigating after a shooting at Savannah State University killed a student and prompted
ATLANTA, Aug 28 (Reuters) - The Georgia Institute of Technology is investigating allegations that white members of a campus
University of California system President Janet Napolitano credited sexual assault survivors and their advocacy groups with raising the issue of rape on campus to a point where school leaders can no longer avoid the issue.
Across party lines, people aren't happy with colleges and universities.
December could be when students try study drugs and painkillers.
Officials say this is a first-in-the-nation team.
There isn't a ton of crossover between the guys and gals' rankings
These are the real frat stars.
The software allowed people to remotely control Android phones.
This \ridiculous\ video is the only appropriate medium to mock school officials, the activists say.
It's the second Sigma Nu chapter this month accused of saying horrible things about women.
A ranking to definitely be proud of.
The university issued several statements this weekend to make sure everyone knows how awful they think the banners were.
Because one essay will be a testament to your passions, strengths and character, it can be an important component of the application. Thus, it is worth spending some time to compose something that accurately represents you, and stands out against the backdrop of other applicants
The school said there wasn't enough evidence to move forward on Sam Ukwuachu's charges, but a court just convicted him of sexual assault.
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) -- A University of Central Florida discipline panel says a fraternity that was suspended over a member's
Cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake.
The university system is putting $1.7 million into a multiyear effort.
Schools were accused of looking at sexual assault victims' therapy history.
The man was reportedly attempting to bring the distraught teen in from a ledge.
It's not unusual for students to get sent to living in dorm alternatives like hotels, rival schools or even a waterpark.
Far too many college students are injured, or killed, falling from high places.
Such videos are pretty common, but this one is getting a ton of attention.
The memoir about binge drinking, hazing and cocaine use at a Dartmouth College fraternity might become a movie.\u00a0 Confessions
The recording follows rape allegations that led to a student's suspension.
With the amount of pressures being placed on college students to succeed in today's culture, this app is extremely important in being able to provide students with a virtual buddy system to keep track of their emotional needs and location, when they perhaps wouldn't be able to do it themselves.
In an age of political correctness, these two men think it can discourage open discussion.
The chancellor was caught using private email accounts to avoid public scrutiny of their communications on university business.
\While every historical figure leaves a mixed legacy, I believe Jefferson Davis is in a separate category, and that it is not in the university's best interest to continue commemorating him on our Main Mall.\
The federal government is reviewing how the school navigated a series of complicated laws.
The family of a deceased pledge claims the fraternity tried to cover what happened.
CINCINNATI (AP) -- The University of Cincinnati police chief has expressed alarm after a newspaper found a recent surge of
The agency won't say what they found in the review of the controversial arrest.
Two unique programs aimed at helping students make it through school are having a big impact.
CHAMPAIGN, Ill. (AP) -- University of Illinois Chancellor Phyllis Wise's surprise resignation was followed closely by an
The school says these details will help establish Jane Doe's credibility.
URBANA, Ill. (AP) -- University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign Chancellor Phyllis Wise said Thursday that she is resigning
CINCINNATI (AP) -- The Cincinnati City Council voted unanimously Wednesday to suspend the off-campus patrols of University
The campus cop's shooting of an unarmed black man raises other questions.
The small, progressive college wanted a federal review. The Education Department declined that request, but is still opening an investigation.
The backlash for Rolling Stone over  an inaccurate rape story continues.
The D.C. university joins a host of other schools ditching their SAT and ACT requirements.
LOS ANGELES (AP) -- A judge has ruled that control of a landmark project on Alzheimer's disease belongs to the University
Spelman's move follows the release of a document where Cosby admits getting drugs to give women for sex
The legislation was drafted in response to the death of Madison Holleran at the University of Pennsylvania.
The university is standing behind Patrick O'Connor, who served with Bill Cosby on Temple's Board of Trustees.
State law only requires it to be $9  an hour.
Victims turn to their universities for help, but get warned that they, too, could face disciplinary charges.
Sorry, legacy students.
Dating apps make the opportunities for on-campus romance even more endless, and Armstrong State University student Kebin
The fraternities and sororities of the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga started an online fundraiser this week following
When Derek Elrod was rushing a fraternity at the University of North Texas (UNT) in the fall of 2013, he was having, as he
The man, for whom one of the school's buildings is named, boasted about killing black people.
The company warns people against posting things they wouldn't send to their mother.
Some male college students say their schools violated Title IX by disciplining them for sexual assault. They aren't having much luck in court.
Brooklyn Law School is offering a 15 percent tuition refund to graduates who aren't able to find jobs of their choice within
Experts say we face a \whack-a-mole\ problem with campus rape.
\It's a bit of an embarrassment because of the connotations with it.\
Even dropping the word \state\ could bring more money for school.
After traveling abroad, turn your new home into a first class cabin with our Pottery Barn picks.
BOSTON (AP) -- As the U.S. and Cuba mend ties, colleges in both countries are forming partnerships that once were heavily
Student activists demanded colleges make campuses more inclusive, and many universities are trying to do just that.
WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Education Department on Tuesday dismissed a complaint against Harvard University by some Asian-American
\We're currently on a hayride because you could say I might be a thrill-seeker, an adrenaline junky.\
The Gates Foundation has 3 ideas to fix FAFSA.
A campus building honoring a violent racist was hit with graffiti calling him a \violent racist.\
Commencement is not only the day your diploma or degree is conferred, but the start of you using the knowledge you've gained to advance yourself and create more than income but a fulfilling life.
Before beginning your job search, it's important for you to change your perspective. Job searching is more than just finding a \job;\ it's finding the right opportunity to broaden your experience and cultivate the necessary skills to propel you further in your career.
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) -- A graduate student has sued Fordham University, seeking $5 million in damages and saying the college
Sigma Alpha epsilon faced national scrutiny in March when a chapter in Oklahoma was caught signing racist lyrics.
Administration bails on controversial college ratings system, but declare it's not a \retreat.\
Teresa Buchanan says she was fired for cursing in class, LSU says it worse than that.
The meditation room will exist in addition to the university's nondenominational chapel.
LOS ANGELES (AP) -- The family of a California college student who died during a grueling fraternity hike sued the organization
To go with it, HBO has preloaded a ton of GIFs with more advice over at Popkey.
Experts say this is a rare move that could influence other states
A decade ago I might have revealed my perception that there existed a strange and even dirty little secret within the liberal arts college sector -- that many national liberal arts colleges have offered robust \professional\ programs, but that they could not talk about them openly.
People need to acknowledge, that though this is a huge victory, there are more victories to be had. I still have a lot to be thankful for as a cisgendered, straight male. It is still not easy to be a gay or transgendered person in the United States. But this is a definite positive. Today we celebrate, but tomorrow we get back to work.
I believe your generation will do a better job than mine at fixing the problem of gender inequality. So we turn to you. You are the promise for a more equal world. Great leaders don't just develop people like them, they develop everyone. If you want to be a great leader, develop the women -- as well as the men -- at your companies.
Perhaps the greatest threat to academic freedom may be the Department of Education, which has promoted a definition of harassment so broad that cases like Laura Kipnis's are all but inevitable.
A new paper on sibling influence in college choice proves, once again, that it's always Marcia, Marcia, Marcia. An older





There was always something inexplicably attractive about receiving attention, so throughout my childhood, the sound of laughter was my muse. I had an appetite for approbation (clearly not from teachers, but from my peers).

Consumer watchdog agency worries private student loan companies are unnecessarily keeping parents and grandparents hooked on their kids' college debt.
For the many students who sit in Spanish, French, or German class every day and resent having to memorize vocabulary words and learn new grammar rules, the change initially seems like a positive one.
I vividly remember hunting for my first real post-college job. It was scary. It was brutal. I moved home and was met with a staggering 13% local unemployment rate. Needless to say, it definitely tested my patience and my resilience.
There is a quiet crisis brewing on college and university campuses across the United States. Increasingly, the mental health needs of students are more complicated than in the past and cannot be adequately met by overwhelmed mental health services.
A HuffPost examination of Zachary's case, as well as those by two others students -- based on hundreds of pages of Columbia's investigative reports and emails exchanged between university officials and students -- shows that Emma Sulkowicz's case is not an isolated incident. These documents show that both before and after the investigation of Sulkowicz's alleged sexual assault, Columbia has taken missteps in handling other cases, failing to adhere to federal guidance and standards.\n\nTitle IX, the federal law that mandates gender equality in education, advises sexual assault cases be fully resolved within 60 days of the initial reporting. Columbia's policy goes further, stating that investigations will take no longer than 30 days and that once the investigation is over, a hearing will wrap up a case two weeks later.\n\nAccording to university documents, Zachary's case took seven months. In another case from 2014, a transgender Columbia sophomore said xe* waited over six months for the investigation to be resolved. And, Sarah, a rising senior, filed two sexual assault cases in 2013. One took four months to resolve; the other took six.
More than 3.6 million students have or are about to graduate from postsecondary U.S institutions. And when people graduate college, they tend to have certain expectations.
UCLA is this massive experience. Like a force of nature, it happens to you
The U.S. Department of Education confirmed in letters to Sen. Ron Wyden and Rep. Suzanne Bonamici, both Democrats of Oregon
Until college is no longer treated like a business in America, it will continue to create an unlevel playing field. Those who are genuinely enthused about learning deserve a chance at higher education.
American Sign Language started with a casual comment from an eighth grade teacher. Visual learners tend to acquire skills in learning sign language.
Five of the 23 members of the Cooper Union board of trustees resigned Tuesday. Chairman Emeritus Mark Epstein, board vice

As the college graduating class of 2015 make their way into the world, many may find themselves facing strong economic and financial headwinds. Landing your first career position will be a job unto itself. But you'll also find yourself setting the stage for a lifetime of financial management.
I am a medical student, yes. I am also a survivor of sexual violence. The recent surge of articles surrounding Emma Sulkowickz prompted me to reflect on this latter identity. I know I will always carry the mark of my trauma with me -- and I am learning how I will better empathize with patients because of it.
Perhaps there was another motive for your gift.  Perhaps this was less about the deficiencies of the East Coast's technology landscape and more about winning the game of \one-upmanship\ that wealthy donors and institutions tend to play.
It is college commencement season, a glorious time of year, when spring flowers and joy are blooming on campuses across the nation. For millions of diligent college students, hearing their names called and being handed a hard-earned diploma is a watershed moment. It is a genuine cause for celebration for students and their families.

You might have taken Psych 101 but chances are you never took a class on how to get a job or what to do when you scored your dream gig.
We have to keep talking about rape culture in our country and the double standards that many athletes and certain groups of young men are given.
I saw many of my peers finding their own places in football, academic clubs, and the arts. They all seemed content, and I made it my mission to find my own comfortable niche at Lawrenceville as I had at my previous school.
Today, the long-awaited redesign of the SAT exam takes a step forward with the debut of Khan Academy's online SAT preparation program. The redesign responds, in part, to some harrowing shortcomings of the current iteration of the exam.
People and corporations that participate in currency trading, clearly, have very different and ubiquitous goals in mind. Speculative trades are in most cases executed by banks and large hedge funds.

The idea that we can be separated into categories by our career paths into white collar and blue collar; professional and vocational; lofty and lowly; is almost absurd. In order for our economy and our communities to function and thrive, we need everyone.
A few rejected internships later and a Boston College junior washes ashore Martha's Vineyard for the next three months. Here we go. Live heaven on earth, plain and simple
The digital snapshot seen round the world depicted a brief handshake between U.S. President Barack Obama and Cuban President Ra\u00fal Castro.
Accept the fact that you know very little and don't have all the answers at the beginning of this new adventure, but know that you can definitely find the answers.

We live in an age of magical thinking. It is a time in which whatever confidence we have that there will be a future for humanity is promised through the wonders of technology wedded to the wonders of \the market.\

As someone who runs a 24/7 digital media company and who uses every form of social media ever invented, I hope I have some street cred when I urge those of you graduating this year to build boundaries, introduce digital detoxes into your life, learn to regularly disconnect from the jumble and the cacophony and make time to reconnect with yourself. There will be many profound and fulfilling relationships ahead of you, but the relationship with yourself is the most important relationship you'll ever have. And, like any relationship, it can't be taken for granted. If there is one thing I wish I knew when I was graduating from college, it's that the Delphic admonition \Know Thyself\ and Socrates' admonition that \the unexamined life is not worth living\ are not ancient philosophical platitudes, but in fact the most relevant and important guiding truths for our lives.

Depending on when you took out your federal loans, your interest rate could vary by several percentage points since federal loans are influenced by market conditions. If you are wondering what you can do to help reduce these higher interest rates faster, here are some options to consider.




With their massive fan bases and critically praised stories, movies like Brave, Frozen, and The Princess and the Frog have gained so much positive attention.

Today's graduate, just like the rest of us, faces an uncharted world. Creativity, not conformity, is the new security. Booyah.
I have written and spoken many times about the fiduciary responsibilities that we have as adults today. We are \trustees\ of our children. We must protect and safeguard them so that more young Victor Casillas Valles can graduate from USF and other colleges and universities throughout the United States. Loving and protecting our children is the greatest love of all.
Since the media have been regularly reporting on indictments and investigations of corporate crime and those responsible for billions of dollars through illegal activity, it becomes apparent that these rich and powerful figures, who now have \the best government money can buy,\ enjoy a \law of the rulers\ instead of the \rule of law\ for which many Americans have fought and died.


I am not on top of the Washington Square Arch, but if you'll bear with me, I have a proclamation:\nLet today be the last day we joke that we are stupid or crazy. It's not clever to pretend we hate what we love, and it wasn't wrong study it.
Although having a food allergy is a struggle, do not be discouraged to study abroad! There are ways to make the most of your study abroad experience while avoiding gluten.

Instead of promoting outdated values, the University should vigorously reeducate its students, if not by removing the statues, at least rededicating the them in a way as to tell the story of the tragedy of needless blood spilled, not of a \glorious past\ that existed only in the minds of those who refused to let go.
Even if you've graduated from college, it's never too late to start networking and build your team of mentors.
Faculty should be hired and evaluated on the basis of their teaching, research, and professional service, and should be free to speak as citizens and persons without fear for their jobs.
A disturbing trend is sweeping across American colleges and universities under the guise of protecting students from allegedly offensive speech -- defined differently by different interest groups -- with demands for everything from \trigger warnings\ to banning speakers from campus.
First days are so important to a career because it sets the precedent for the employee you are, who you want to be, and who you will someday become. Things might go wrong, but it is normal when you are adjusting to a new environment.



Mr. Schwartz's article made going to an Ivy seem like an empty dream - maybe even a hoax. Honestly, after two years, I wouldn't trade my time at Penn for the world. If you have the opportunity to go, I strongly recommend it.

I believe the rule of thumb is to not take out more in student loan debt for an education than you expect to earn as an annual salary. However, none of this matters now, so I won't go on with scolding. You may regret the amount you have taken out for your education, but never regret having received a quality education.
Hate crimes, discrimination and microaggressions are issues currently facing all American institutions of higher education -- public and private, secular and religiously affiliated, progressive and conservative.
While everyone is ordering their caps and gowns, applying to jobs, continuing their education, or just planning for the future, there's one important factor that often gets overlooked




Throughout my first two years at Penn, I have had the opportunity to learn from world experts and renowned researchers. But what would I say has been the most valuable part of my Ivy League education?
Students who attend public or private colleges in Maryland were granted an extra layer of online privacy protections on Tuesday when Gov. Larry Hogan signed a law to shield their private social media accounts from administrators' reach.
By now, we have all heard of the \legendary\ new Apple Watch. But will it really be that legendary? Ingenious marketing and even more groundbreaking products have allowed Apple to build a brand that carries an aura that consumers trust.
\What are you going to do with your philosophy degree?\ In graduate school, this question proved to be a favorite among those with whom I was getting acquainted for the first time.
I won't live with my parents forever, and we won't always agree. For right now, this situation is appreciated by all of us
Three weeks ago I received a strange email. \Did I know,\ my friend wondered, \about the antisemitism brewing on the Stanford University campus?\
Embracing these last couple of weeks is difficult to do if we are constantly criticizing, quantifying the validity of our experiences by counting the number of \likes\ on our Instragram photos, rather than internalizing our own happiness.



What might the future of higher education look like? This new world of higher education will have fewer institutions serving larger numbers of students. The focus, however, will not be on the institutions themselves but what happens (or does not happen) in the classroom.
Every year there are billions awarded in private scholarships, and who benefits? None other than these \poor\ institutions of higher learning enriching their billion dollar endowment funds at the cost of their deserving students.
During this Spring and Summer, I am spotlighting a handful of remarkable women educators in college theatre in my blog series entitled, Women In The Performing Arts.
I'm the U.S. Chief Data Scientist -- and I got my start in community college. Yes, I've got a Ph.D. in applied mathematics, have been fortunate to help build amazing companies like LinkedIn, and have been at the forefront of the data science movement.
I have gone from uttering the words with no feeling to looking at myself with admiration instead of disgust. That is what I have dedicated this year to be; the year of self-love.




Universities are positioned as institutions devoted to the research and discovery of innovations for the benefit of the public that supports them.
Discussions of sexual assault at Dartmouth's students are geared towards the heteronormative sexual and social relationships that emerge primarily in fraternity basements. Dartmouth cannot afford to fail these students by neglecting to prepare them for the spectrum of situations they may encounter.
To be successful in college about working out, you've got to pause that Netflix and get out of bed.
For millennial aged graduates entering the career world, you must be armed with tools and strategies to distinguish yourselves from the pack.
What's the most important thing that college students should worry about as they further their education and pursue the rest of their lives?  It's in the form of a question, and that question is

Everything will, instead, be online.  Education will be free. It will be worldwide. It will be accessible. It will be meritocratic. Gone will be professors.  Gone will be PhD degrees. Gone will be Harvard. Carey now knows The Secret of Education.
We all need to make these career mistakes and I'm sure my initial letters were not as eloquent as I would have liked. Graduates need a wakeup call and I'm hopeful that after reading this they'll get one.


If unnecessary stress is your jam, then by all means, listen to a bunch of people who have no idea what they're talking about.
Students who experience sexual violence should know that they are never alone, and there are many ways to ask for help, from contacting the local police department or notifying campus police to seeking support of friends and family or contacting a local crisis hotline.
If the American flag should be a metaphor and a symbol of anything, it should be of radical possibility -- where the black and brown citizens at the margins are central to America's care and concern, where calls for patriotic response is not the mask of those who refuse to admit the nation's terrible truths.
While many of you likely don't have the time to read right now with finals and papers and all that fun stuff, you should remember this list for the summer time. Here is a list of books I've read and enjoyed that'll help you step outside your literary comfort zone!
It's true that one of the hardest places to be is right before a decision. Options to weigh, pros and cons to think about and discuss, research to do and connections to make can be a few of the mind queries before a decision is made. Before a decision is made about which college to attend, several variables should be carefully reviewed
Four years of homework. Two years of SAT madness. Half a dozen AP classes. And countless hours at volleyball games, debate team competitions, and soup kitchen volunteer work.


College is an important decision. That idea is instilled in many Americans at an early age. We're told that where we go and what we study will determine the life we will lead.
When my eye started twitching fairly consistently for about week, I was annoyed. I can't be talking to customers or writing an essay if my eye won't stop twitching. The doctor's orders were to \Get more sleep, drink less caffeine, and alleviate stress.\
Hong Deng's story is just one of thousands. Every day our country misses out on the talents, dedication and creativity of students like her because we don't give them the tools they need to go to college and launch a career. It's time to change that.
It's getting down to the wire for members of the Class of 2016, who have until May 1 to put down a deposit at the one (and only one) college they'll be attending.

Laugh a lot, cry a little, and continue to make the memories of a lifetime. Always choose to live by your rules, and let others live by their own. This is your time, your moment, your life, and you're going to be great. So be proud of yourself, you're surviving on your (almost) own for the first time in your life.

As scholars of the male of color experience in college, we are often asked whether all faculty can effectively teach men of color. Most often, what is really being asked is whether White faculty can teach these men.
One interesting journalism ethics question emerging from the kerfuffle

Over the past few weeks, millions of anxiety ridden, adrenaline-filled high school seniors have been receiving those \my life hangs in the balance\ envelopes from various colleges and universities they have applied to.

Immense amounts of money from super PACs are flooding in to support politicians. The implications of lobbying are up for debate. However, it seems that lobbying provides a significant amount of political clout going to those with the greatest wealth.
There are a handful of colleges -- largely research universities and the most selective private liberal arts colleges -- that have the endowment, diversity of funding sources, and enrollment brand strength to wait out or even ignore the looming higher education financial crisis. But these are few in number.
Last fall, for the first time in our history, America's public school students were likely NOT majority white. If U.S. Department of Education projections are accurate, white students numbered 24.8 million and non-white students 25 million.
Last week, I visited two public schools in Los Angeles to help lower and middle class seniors decide which college to accept by May 1. After speaking with these struggling students, I re-designed my presentations for the rest of this month to focus on these five topics.
It'd be na\u00efve for democrats to think that these demographic and geographic advantages won't boost the young, handsome and telegenic Senator into a pretty good position against their all-but-anointed nominee.
Growing up in Canada, I always knew that I wanted to explore the world. I researched doing a student exchange in high school, and was always fascinated by National Geographic. It wasn't until university that I got the chance (and the motivation) to pursue this dream.

In the deepest darkest moments of grief over your rejection, remind yourself that you are not alone, that this is normal and that this experience doesn't have to be a waste.
If you're going to grad school and new to the world of financial aid, or want a refresher, this guide will walk you through what you need to know to complete your FAFSA.
We've dealt with this unwanted houseguest for nearly four months, and still it lingers in dirty patches. Even when it seems like the snow is ready to leave, like the river might mobilize again, it changes its mind and sits back down.
Amidst our platitudes and promises of equity and justice, there are some pretty clear-cut reasons why low-income students are dropping out, failing out, or never even starting college.
You pitch yourself every day. Whether it be to a friend or a client, a job or a new business venture, pitching is a daily process of life that involves knowing people, knowing about people, and knowing how to communicate with people.

For three consecutive years, inspired by the NCAA's March Madness, Thomson Reuters has hosted \Metrics Mania\ a competition that takes these teams off the court for a faceoff on the strength of their scholarly research programs.
Am I proud of her because she got into Yale? It brings up the problematic question of whether I would be proud of her if she didn't get in -- and of course I would be. I am always proud of her, because she is brave and brilliant and she is my sister.
While I am not planning on transferring to Bard anytime soon, I hope our university will return to its commitment to dialogue and diversity of opinion, and finally restore the Brandeis University-Al-Quds University partnership.
Ultimately, setting goals is the president's responsibility.  Remember, though, the institution is best served by reaching high. As Robert Browning famously said, \a man's reach should exceed his grasp or what's a heaven for.\
At a time when Washington seems gridlocked if not totally broken, and just as our economy is turning around, I worry that too many people will be left out of the rebound.




With a few exceptions, April 1st is the day by which colleges release their admissions decisions to applicants. Hopefully, all of your waiting will be over and done with in a few days. I hope that you are happy with your choices.
If legal remedies for borrowers, such as defense to repayment, exist only on paper, they are not worth very much. Meeting with Corinthian borrowers is the first step in the Department's necessary recognition that it needs to be more proactive and protective when it comes to student borrowers.
Public spaces allow for expressions of higher education's best democratic values -- free exchange of ideas, thoughtful discussion, appeal to evidence and respect for different perspectives. Such spaces can engage people's private interests and identities.

As colleges and universities mark and celebrate Women's History Month, it may be worthwhile to reflect on the relationship between institutional history and efforts to advance gender equity at the presidential level.
As this divide becomes more stark and difficult to bridge, it would seem likely that there is erosion in the sense of connectedness with others unlike oneself. Communities become either more homogenous or more disconnected.
If your first full-time job is locked down by the time you cross the stage on college graduation day, you're probably feeling a mix of excitement and relief. But looking back on the past four years doesn't usually come without a hint of anxiety for the future
The happiest students in this process are willing to attend several colleges on their lists; they realize that these colleges will offer them extraordinary programming, including merit scholarships.

We strongly believe that few things strike the core of a college's essence than where its students choose to hang out and chow down.
I saw first-hand this story escalate through the ranks of social media and television media. The sole reason this controversy was brought to light was because our student body refused to remain silent.
Instead of bracketing off college experience as foolishness, we should take what happens at college more seriously
Being so close to the finish line and seeing the relationships some of my friends have built with their favorite professors, I wonder if maybe it would have been a good idea to push myself a little, face my fear, and maybe learn more about my professors than I did by simply sitting in their classes day after day.
While in the end every school must be a good steward of its resources, a society in which any college is largely interchangeable with another will be a poorer one, and the closure of schools like Sweet Briar College moves us further in that direction.

Everybody uses social media in some capacity. Just look around you; whether it's your parents trying to maneuver their way through Facebook, your favorite clothing brand on Instagram, or your friends on Twitter, we are all connected online in some way.
Here was where the concept of invisibility first occurred to me
The experiences of Martese Johnson and Lawrence Otis Graham prove that adhering to the code of respectability politics does not guarantee protection from the sensory and institutional aspects of racism.
The Constitution does not rest in hibernation, on call to periodically adjudicate what one may perceive to be a specific injustice. It instead must live in ongoing tension.


Good News


Is it really appropriate to compare student loans with mortgages, auto loans and credit card debt? If I put on my consumer hat, it feels like we should. If I put on my economics hat though, student loans seem absurdly incomparable to practically every other form of household debt.
I have concluded that the productive discussion I envisioned cannot occur in the shadow of active litigation and the resulting present intense polarity. For these reasons, I will not lecture at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign in the spring of 2015.
Whether we'd like to admit it or not, anti-Semitism on campus is not going to go away that easily. College administrations have done nothing to stop the anti-Semitism of Students for Justice in Palestine or other hateful organizations.

Eventually I found my feet, started working on my practical skills and basically realized that opportunities were not going magically appear. I needed to create them for myself. Here are some things I learned along the way that I think are vital parts of any practical skillset when job-hunting.

I, too, am part of the thesis tribe, and it is a strange, bewildered one. While we are all aware of the stress of completing these daunting documents, all theses are hugely idiosyncratic and often difficult to explain in an elevator pitch to others.
Television scenes of nonviolent demonstrators beaten by police shocked the nation. As the movie Selma details, the March played a critical role in the passage of the 1965 Voting Rights Act.


Don't feel guilty for having your hard work pay off. Don't feel guilty for not wasting your time and money. Don't feel guilty for realizing your potential and most of all never feel guilty for achieving the goals you set for yourself.

I vividly remember the first piece of advice my university tour guide told me as I took my first steps through campus
Millennial angst, for lack of a better term, fueled the 96 hours of demonstrations by students at UC Santa Cruz. Gen Y students are protesting on other University of California campuses against issues like 'police terror,' tuition hikes, and having to pay for education in general.
This year, the Girl Scouts of the USA have gone digital.  Girl Scouts can now control all aspects of cookie sales completely online.  Young Scouts have the ability to track orders, handle money, and communicate with buyers through a digital platform.
While Kanye West might not be the hero our generation wants, he is without a doubt the hero our generation needs. Along with how to artfully toe the line between confident and cocky, here are five other lessons that we can all learn from Mr. West.
Discussion-oriented classes in which you learn to articulate your perspective and respond to that of others are valuable not only for clarifying and refining your thinking, but also for developing essential tools for participating as a valued team member at work, in your avocations, and in the civic life of your community.
There are so many other me toos that we -- the students of challenging, top tier universities -- don't talk about, me toos that we shove down and brush away and keep inside.
We've already pretty much streamlined the communication process so we basically don't even talk to each other in real life anymore.


This is another area where Congress should step up to the plate. Students need to be protected from deceptive marketing. And debit card agreements between companies, colleges and universities should be subject to the same transparency requirements as campus credit cards.
Being read to, besides being redundant, is demeaning and frustrating. I need a professor not as a middle-man for information, but as a motivating and encouraging figurehead of the classroom.
The future of mobile use in education promises apps specifically designed to support 21st century skills like self-regulation, which set a foundation for growth and development throughout a lifetime.
While elementary school taught me the importance of saying sorry for my mistakes, my experiences in college have shown me how to live life unapologetically.
Most families aren't able to cover the full cost of their children's college experience, which means financial aid will play at least a part of their college planning. If you're thinking about applying for financial aid for your college-aged student (or thinking ahead for a child who's got some time left to go), here are the fundamentals you need to know.
Sex assault and rape are huge problems on our campuses in New York and across the country. Indeed, evidence suggests that the information gap in this area adds to the problem and proves to be highly misleading for students and families.
Colleges make it simple for students to borrow by packaging several different types of federal loans... Sometimes, schools even give students more loans than they need. The students have to accept the package and deal with the loans when they leave, whether they graduate or not.
Several members of various state legislators have trotted out the idea that what is missing from college campuses, particularly the hands of 18-year-old women, are six shooters, or even better, semi-automatic handguns.
Kevin Carey posits that the market dominance of federal student loans combined with income-driven repayment plans has solved student debt crisis. It's an intriguing and optimistic thesis.
Transfer applications, often due March 1, pose challenges that students did not face the first time around. Some supplemental essays are so redundant it's as if the schools' admissions staffs have never read the personal statement prompt.
Maybe my father has been there at every accident, but he has also been there to pick me up and dust me off after every one.
Upon reflection, I believe there are many reasons why business schools have not been as effective in teaching generosity over greed. One is that we rarely are placed in circumstances that cause us to change our thinking about people, problems or the cost of poverty and neglect.
Outside of our shared love for Eastern Kentucky University, Elizabeth and I came at the decision to do the gastric sleeve surgery from very different perspectives.
Once you have accepted that the past is in the past, you can finally do the hardest feat imaginable. Let go.
Why did being \skinny,\ \black\ or walking in a neighborhood become perceived as the sign of a perpetrator or criminal? Why did a communication barrier give an officer the prerogative to throw a fragile grandfather to the ground?
One College Student Used Sports To Break Down Double Standards For Men And Women


Much attention has rightly been paid to reforming student loans, such as making sure borrowers can refinance high-interest loans and expanding income-based payment options. These programs, though they would help millions of struggling borrowers, aren't a tourniquet, but only a bandage on a $1.2 trillion student debt crisis.
Sorry alumni. But it's a different world than the one you knew, and it's not pretty.
Students need to know how to grow a successful business, whether it's their own or a fledgling startup, many of which need employees who understand entrepreneurial and sustaining business practices. Our success -- and that of our students and their new ventures -- depends on it.
Paying for college is a major financial commitment for students and their families. Fortunately, there are many sources of financial aid that can help reduce the price tag of a college education. And one of the best places to learn about your options is the college Financial Aid Office.
Interested in academic freedom?  If so, you should read Stanley Fish's new book, Versions of Academic Freedom
As a college student, I can confidently say that napping is something that most of our demographic does pretty well. Whether we're making up for an all-nighter or just catching up on snoozing during our free time, napping is a common college activity across the nation.
Are you stressed out over where to go to college? Congratulations! It probably means you're taking this whole thing seriously. My goal as a counselor and teacher who writes about this stuff is to make sure you don't take it so seriously that it starts messing with your head.
Whatever the case, Brian Williams' downfall is symptomatic of our culture. No doubt Williams felt compelled to spiff up his newscasts.
I decided to take a couple days to revisit hobbies I love (because there are more kinds of love than just the romantic kind), like blogging on a more consistent basis than I have for the past six months. So, if you ever feel stressed or like you're in a rut, or even if you're just flat out bored, check out some of these amazing TEDTalks for inspiration!
I want to be a master in my field, so I don't have time to get caught up in a distraction that shouldn't exist. I want to be a great artist someday, and that won't happen if I become satisfied by likes and nice comments from being a \good\ artist.
I've noticed that as soon as I allow myself to worry about something, it begins to take over all my thoughts. Worrying only leads to more worrying, so instead of allowing anxieties to plant themselves in my mind, I replaced them with more positive things.
This Valentine's Day, McDonald's should make a concrete commitment to serve meat raised without the routine use of antibiotics. This commitment would go a long way for public health, and might have millennial's saying \I'm lovin' it\ again.
The truth is, being a transfer is not easy. But the experience is only as difficult as I allow it to be. I know that I will find my footing soon, and in the meantime, I will focus on the people who matter most to me.

Why is Valentines Day a day that some people dread? It is a day to appreciate or admire your relationship, or those who are in special relationships.


What is it that I truly want out of my career? Answering this question honestly is hard. More money? Prestige? To feel like I'm contributing to something bigger than myself?
I did it. I wished for this. When it started snowing -- a couple of weeks ago now -- in Boston, I confided to a friend
The ABC network show is giving the American population a brief, but authentic window into the life of an Asian American family. TIME has hailed the Eddie Huang creation with \the makings of an American original.\ And that's exactly what we are -- American originals.
We should spend less time denying there's a big man in the sky and more time wrestling with its moral implications -- trying to build lives as rich, purposeful and filled with beauty as those of the faithful.
Thousands of vibrant colored notes were posted across campus -- some included funny pick-me-ups, others encouraging words of motivation, while more featured memorable quotes. Bender described it as \a blur of colorful optimism.\ All with one collective purpose
For anyone who has seen Bring It On, you know that cheerleading is not all fun and pom-poms. What you don't know is what happens to talented cheerleaders once they graduate from their kingdom -- high school.
The way we structure community here doesn't just affect us in this place, at this moment. It affects the kinds of powerful, scarily driven, sleep-deprived, sometimes demagogic people we as an institution are putting out into the world.
Can the rise in this average price be pinned on general economic principles (the \cost-disease\ argument) alone, or might there still be room to blame inflation in higher ed partially, or entirely, on Bennett's \greedy schools?\
Ask anyone about their study abroad experience, and they will tell you it was nothing short of amazing. But there is a secret to making it even better -- volunteering. You'll learn that service is a two-way street and you may be surprised with who receives the most at the end.



As if your AP books aren't heavy enough, I see all these weighing on you. And somehow, you manage to carry on, but who's carrying you?

For the past two-years I've connected with women's colleges across the country as well as with their future students, current students, and recent alumnae intending to blog about my findings. During this time I learned about the many wonderful things going on in the world of women's colleges, all contributing to this cool influx.
Amid the debates and staggeringly strong ticket sales, student journalists nationwide are weighing in with their own reviews of American Sniper and commentaries on its political and cultural significance.
Approximately two weeks ago, the president announced an educational reform initiative that included removing the federal tax benefits from 529 plans. Under current law, savings in a 529 plan grow tax-free and withdrawals are not taxed when used for higher education.
As my parents shared themselves with me through physical items and printed photos, I realized the way I will share myself with my future children and family is digitally. My virtual timeline will be accessible by a few clicks of a button. Social media is a snapshot of moments of our lives, all in one place.
People will make snap judgments about you, but how you live up to your outer image will alter their impression. It's much easier to adjust your reputation now, than it will be to do it later in the professional world.
The thought of moving can definitely be overwhelming, but the unique lifestyle will be more than worth it. Step out of your comfort zone and into a new experience -- now is better than ever before.
Above all your happiness is key. If you hate what you are doing, it is not the end of the world, try something different. Life is too short to be unhappy with what you are doing.

Mr. President, just like health care, access to high-quality universities without student loans should be a right for all Americans. We are the nation's competitive advantage; shouldn't the government be investing in us, rather than the less than efficient F35 jet? Please start investing in this nation's students.

Who will remain to teach the nation's schoolchildren when the U.S. Department of Education (USDE) succeeds in its plan to force every single pupil, teacher, school, college and university to conform to its Orwellian plan for constant surveillance and measurement of teachers via standardized tests and surveys?
There are several reasons usually cited by those who would say that an unpaid internship is not a job. The first is always of course, that they are unpaid; the second is that the work being done is often of an unskilled nature. None of these reasons are valid.
It is not possible for every student to graduate from college debt free. However, it is crucial to make smart financial decisions while still in school to limit the financial burden as much as possible, as this will have a direct and lasting impact on your financial health for the rest of your life.
I'll probably never take myself completely seriously if I'm being honest, but that's okay. Even though it's little by little, I'm certainly starting to figure this \grown up\ business out.

The failure of our universities to assume proper responsibility, to fully comprehend the larger picture, and explore fully new ways in which men and women might learn, live and work together can only lead to an extension of the present state of thoughtlessness and polarization that continues to divide the nation.


Within 24 hours of Governor Bruce Rauner taking office, numerous media outlets reported on his immediate steps to rectify Illinois' dire financial situation.
You may look at your resume and think that everything on it is too important to be left off. But let's get real. You're looking for an internship or entry-level job, which means you have just a few years experience.

What better way to expand your worldview than to study somewhere like Cuba? The educators who graduate and have studied in this program will be better connected to their students and classroom experiences and will have a unique perspective on students with Cuban roots.
Boys' Bid Night -- an occasion marked by oversized, glittery neon tank tops and new fraternity members eager to celebrate their acceptance to their respective houses -- is now being erased from many a university woman's agenda.


As students look forward to attending school and experiencing all that college has to offer, they may not be thinking about how to properly manage their money. Making smart financial choices while in school will not only ease the burden of college debt, but also set them up for financial success beyond graduation.
Had you never fired me, I'm not sure that I would have made the changes necessary to perform well at the following summer's internship in public relations (yes, someone else actually hired me) or, really, any of the professional endeavors which followed. Failing my first internship taught me many things.

These kinds of films overwhelmingly contribute to the commodification and the fetishization of patriotism that often force people to choose not to voice criticisms for fear of being called unpatriotic.

University students should rightly be exposed to a plurality of viewpoints as part of their intellectual growth, rather attending the \flock of sheep association of like-minded individuals.\
What can educational institutions do to improve the low marks given their graduates by their employers?

A man who has assimilated very well, Cohen knows the pleasures and also the loneliness of diaspora. In writing his stirring memoir, in constructing a past with which he can live, he wrestled with demons both historical and personal.
While the proposal is not likely to survive, it does introduce a new dynamic into the debate on how to increase access in American higher education. And it's at this point where the philosophical must meet the practical.



Last semester, I got the chance to listen to one of the best talks I've heard on campus during the launch of the PennVention Innovation Competition. A few days back, I got to listen to the recording I took and the talk was just so inspiring and energizing.
They say that the first three months in a job is when your learning curve is the steepest
Participating in Model UN can improve your public speaking skills, sharpen your critical thinking and develop your research abilities.
Even if fraternities aren't directly responsible for every instance of sexual assault and inebriated death on a college campus, they engender an attitude that is no longer permissible in the 21st century.

If you read enough books and articles, or watch enough news segments about why colleges cost so freaking much (and supposedly deliver little for the price), a consensus emerges that tends to include the following premises.
President Obama's \America's College Promise\ proposal for \free\ community college is a great idea!  A similar program in Tennessee, the site of President Obama's announcement, is apparently hugely successful. What could possibly go wrong with such a simple concept? Plenty.
Let us remember the journalists, police and other brave souls who were killed by those who could not abide difference and challenge without resorting to murder. Let us cultivate the spirit of satire and of critique, but also of reverence and of affection, in ways that challenge the conventions of the moment.
Sometimes it helps get interested if you have to explain material to those who are not familiar with it as a way of testing your own understanding. Students who tutor younger kids find it helps them too.

I am proud of my peers for leading by example in challenging marginalizing language and bias both on and off the field, building safer and more inclusive communities, and validating the identities and experiences of people of all backgrounds.
In plain English, Judge Corrigan should remove herself from this case to maintain public trust in our judicial system. Such an act is not atypical for judges since they must project the highest level of professionalism in the legal process.




Living with roommates, making online purchases and communicating through social media channels are just a few of the ways students can leave themselves dangerously open to thieves on the hunt.

President Barack Obama's unexpected decision for the United States to \normalize\ relations with Cuba provides an opportunity for universities to create a bridge of education and understanding between the two countries located just 90 miles apart.
2015 will certainly be an exciting years for juniors! It's best for juniors to start their college prep early. There are so many details to consider. If juniors plan properly, they may even enjoy the process.

While you\u00a0enjoy your winter break, next semester may be the last thing you want to think about. But if you want to make it the best one ever, we both know that now is the time to start preparing.
Instead of turning its back on the mayor and calling \foul,\ maybe the NYPD should grow up, stare de Blasio and the rest of the city in the face and answer the criticism.
My sense from engaging many levels of Chinese society is that China does not want an aggressive relationship with the United States; it wants to forge a partnership of mutual respect and opportunity.

At a well-publicized speech in Buffalo, New York on August 22, 2013, President Barack Obama announced that he would create a plan for sweeping reform of higher education. The details were sketchy, but the projected plan would institute a rating system of colleges and universities nationwide.
It has become more and more common for people to underestimate 20-somethings. The message is that you don't need to be responsible or have a direction in life when you are in your 20s. But your 20s do matter!
When you think of Christmas, you think of joy. You think of glamorous d\u00e9cor -- bits of tinsel littering lawns and living rooms; trees bloated with shiny bulbs; strings of colorful lights draping porches and garages. But not all Christmases are wrapped perfectly in glossy silver paper with a white bow on top.

Somewhere around 21 years old, everyone hits the mid-ish life crisis that no one ever warned you about. While most college students are thrilled that finals are over and preparing to eat every crumb of food left in their parent's fridge, college seniors are peering into the dark abyss of life.
So much continues to go unreported in Mexico's Narco-ravaged cities. This becomes especially jarring when you've been living in Boston for the better part of the last year. This is what a normal day looks like at home.
Going to college breeds a newfound sense of independence. You redefine your sense of normal and your sense of home.  Then, you're thrown back into the time warp that is your childhood home and it brings the back all the feelings of being of child without actually being a child.

I say that these terrorists were successful because they simply were. They achieved their intended goal. They kept this film from being released, so that audiences could not see the material in it, which they deemed offensive.
By dismissing the primary work of colleges and universities --- teaching and learning --- as impossible to measure across institutions, the proposed framework exposes the utter folly of the Administration's plan to impose some kind of generic rating system on the thousands of disparate institutions of higher education in this nation.
Colleges won't admit transfer students without really compelling reasons for the transfer, so be detailed and thoughtful in your essays. This is where your research will really come in handy!
I wasn't given the opportunities I deserved and I was often silenced when I wanted to take things to the next level. People treated me differently because I was a woman.
If you think of yourself as risk-averse, try to look at risks in a different light. As one of my closest friends would say
As we continue to seek strong leadership for institutions in all sectors of higher education, I believe we should seek people who exemplify these \Five \C's of Leadership.\
Gone are the days when people tried to make the best of an awkward situation, or strike up a conversation with someone you wouldn't have otherwise met. Instead, we go to parties to all sit in our respective corners and stare at our phones, waiting for something better to text us.

I had the privilege of speaking again at St. Joseph's College in Long Island in November. I really love this school and their commitment. The staff is committed to dealing with sexual assault prevention and response head on.

While getting deferred is disappointing, the students are still under consideration. The deferring college just wants to look at them in the regular admission pool. While chances of ultimately getting accepting are somewhat less than regular admissions, they still have a chance.
Students can do a great deal, both before and after applying, to ensure that they maintain their sanity, embrace colleges' decisions, and actually increase their chances of getting into their favored schools.
Oh, you know, writing a couple of 1,000 word essays a term with barely any contact time is just a walk in a park. Seriously. A college degree isn't meant to be easy -- come on people.
As events continue to unfold at the University of Virginia, we are seeing a common element form in the actions and response from each of the major players involved


Individual fraternities vary about as widely as humans do. As with any organization, it depends on who is in them, particularly their leaders.
The Yale Black Men's Union launched the To My Unborn Son campaign as an intimate conversation with the parents of Michael Brown Jr.
If we hope to truly address the rampant corruption and lack of accountability that has plagued Mexican politics, we first have to acknowledge the self-defeatist attitude and deep social divides that have existed in the country since its inception. This is a battle to be fought by everyone.
When you allow a bit of mystery into the end, you let the reader know that you're okay with not knowing everything. That shows maturity, and it lets the colleges know that you're in a perfect place to dive into the complicated issues you're going to face in your college classes.
The holiday season is hard on everyone, but the best suggestion I can give is to remember that the gifts are not the important part. The final gift that you can really give, and for some it costs nothing, for others a lot, is to try to find a way to be there for the holidays.
As people begin to question the integrity of the Rolling Stone journalist who broke the UVA rape story, the veracity of the survivor, and whether this whole issue should ever have been raised in the first place, there are many lessons we can all learn as this story continues to unfold. We need to stand together against sexual violence.


We all know someone who is chasing their dreams and following their passions before graduation, so why stop once you have the diploma?
It would behoove Harvard administrators to include meaningful protections for accused students and consult in advance with those who might identify due process problems before the policy goes live.
The holiday season may present a packed calendar with parties, trips, and work to finish up, but don't wait until 2015 to make resolutions, start something new, or to make self-improvements.
I looked out over the crowd from the DJ booth. They lolled beneath the fumes for the first hour of the show.
What is Pakistan's problem? Let us come back to that first. Pakistan needs to make its stature clear and work on the common interests which will be of essence be it trading or opening up safe and secure paths to foreign investments.
Acquiring student loan debt can be an intimidating, confusing process; however, in today's educational environment, it's often a necessity in order to finance a college education. With proper advance knowledge and research, student loans are a worthwhile option.

You know the moment when you ready yourself to leap to your feet at the end of a symphony, only to hear that glimmer of a violin note that keeps you glued to your seat and safe from mortification? That was me a few weeks ago at the College Board Forum.
No dorm or college pad is complete without the essentials. The bean bags or futon, the cards against humanity and, of course, the video games.
As you explore options for college, you are likely to ask about programs, affordability, facilities, housing, sports, and safety. Are you, though, asking about leadership?

Tis' that dreadful time of the year once again, Break-Up Season. I know what you're all thinking, \Bae and I will never end.\ Aw, so precious, yet so na\u00efve and oblivious (Side note
Complaining leaves us nowhere, no better than before the complaint left our mouths. It's \madness\ and it makes us the victims in our own life stories. Instead of complaining in vain, we have three options we should use instead.
You hear free living, free dining, and cheap parking and you immediately jump. Especially as a college student. But that's not what entirely pulled me in to applying to be a Resident Assistant.


Whether it's 8p.m. on a Friday night or 8a.m. Monday morning, mirrors are an important part of our daily lives. They see us during our worst moments and at our finest. But what do we see in them?
Student fees have yet again been raised at the University of California, with the University of California Regents on the precipice of approving a plan to increase fees over the next five years, resulting in an eventual 25 percent increase from current rates.

Sexual assault is not just a crime; it is a gross violation of our human rights. As the conversation about sexual violence ignites on the national platform, small-scale, university-focused efforts are the key to impacting sustainable change.

The documentary Ivory Tower debuts tonight on CNN, and it identifies some very real problems with higher education in this country. It is unacceptable that we would ignore the message of Ivory Tower at our own peril.
The idea that graduates' collegiate mentors should remain in touch hardly seems shocking; speaking personally, both of us have had mentors who have stayed in touch decades after we first met them.

As more millennials have entered the work force, the competition for the perfect job has become increasingly stiffer. Once an impressive addition on a resume, a college degree is no longer a meaningful differentiator.
As I asked that student in 1986, I ask you now, Chancellor Syverud

By the time the offer is made, the Screening Committee has assured itself that they have managed to attract a uniquely qualified candidate who represents the very best of the search firm's virtual rolodex.
A liberal education is an expansion of consciousness


While understanding the barriers and limitations to some applications, it is extremely useful to talk to people in different environments to see what has or hasn't worked. In our global community, we can all do more to share ideas and best practices.
I am convinced that educators should work aggressively to save women's colleges because they offer a significantly differ learning experience that is valuable to many women.
As the ranks of individuals employed in part-time academic appointments have grown, many part-time faculty lack the support of the colleges and universities where they work. A new report highlights that many part-timers even lack institutional email accounts.
Everyone my age has some dangling worry trailing around after them everywhere that they're somehow not doing everything, that what they're doing is not altogether the right thing, that they are missing out. The doubt is natural, and everyone you know -- yes, even that person -- carries it sometimes too.
Recently, I had the opportunity to intern with a local state senate campaign. As a communications major pursuing a career in entertainment media, I didn't imagine how much I would learn about politics, my community, leadership, and myself.
We cannot allow the prestige and money that follow top-tier college sports programs to blind us to our overriding purpose
With so many BFA offerings, students and families can be overwhelmed with the task of compiling a college list that fits their needs.
Sometimes the fear of consequences appears so great that we hold on to tradition much longer than we need to. That was surely the case more than 100 years ago when the revolutionary idea of higher education for women was introduced. We are at another such groundbreaking moment now as women's colleges face the decision of whether and how to admit transgender women.
The unknown path in Peru is as liberating as my view of the future. I am excited with the feeling of not knowing where I am going. The foreign is as comfortable as the familiar. Thus, I am satisfied not knowing my dream house since I will keep creating it as I continue to evolve.
There's so much uncertainty surrounding what the next few years might look like, but you're going to be okay. Through all the stress and worries, you're going to be okay. I promise.
With the bright science students we see at UC Davis, we know that bias is unfounded, and we have programs designed to help get young girls excited about science.
In September, I offered a HuffPost blog entitled, \Help for the 6 Most Confusing Parts of the New 2014-15 Common App.\  Since that time, a lot of other questions have come up from students and parents. Here are some of the more frequently asked.

Recently, I asked Co-Founder and CEO of New Grounds Food, Johnny Fayad, his opinion on how more college students can start up their own ventures because he is currently operating a startup all the while attending Northeastern University.
Two dozen colleges know that in order for good college counseling to occur for everyone, the college conversation has to include everyone -- which means my fellow college guide authors and suppliers of college application support have some catching up to do.
Howard University's Homecoming celebration is one known for its immense turn out to events with even bigger names attached to them. For 90 years, the celebration has garnered a public filled with Howard students, alumni, the DMV Community, and of course -- those out-of-town friends who crashed on couches to experience such an epic weekend.
There is no \right\ way to seize your youth, as everyone's path is different. You are as young as you'll ever be in this very moment, so whatever age you are, don't just seize the day, seize your youth.
As I hopelessly imitated our teacher, I tried to avoid looking at them. I'm not ashamed of my body but I''m not amazed by it either. I'll even be the first to admit that self-confidence isn't one of my strong suits.
Dr. Becker won almost every award there was to win in his profession -- including a Nobel Prize in economics and the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President George W. Bush. Becker's book Human Capital (1964) is already as iconic as Adam Smith's writings on laissez faire.

As a first-generation college student myself, I can personally attest to the life-changing impact college has had for me, and for many people I have had the privilege to know because of my choice to attend college and further continue my studies.

Graduation is just a few months away, and you still have no idea what you want to do after college. Well, you can take solace in the fact that you are not alone. The feeling is common, especially for students whose college major doesn't directly align with a career path.

he selection of colleges seem to focus and where and how to get the best post-graduation jobs.  In order to accommodate (pay for or get into) the best possible college, there is growing acceptance of, and curiosity around, what I call the Two College Strategy.
Now that I am more than two years removed from my Porter's graduation date I have truly come to appreciate the experience.
When we remember that these numbers do not confine us, we can start creating the life we want to live. No more limitations.
Social media Web sites have become a global information network that undoubtedly has many benefits. However, with this increased exposure, it is vital to make sure our students are wise and remain safe as they post information online.
With the median age of a college student closer to 27 than 19, we need to provide options that enable students to capitalize and benefit from their experience. The advent of Prior Learning Assessment (PLA) is a definite step in the right direction.
High school students and their families getting ready to apply for college are probably most focused on the cost of attending, but they also should be aware of the hefty costs associated with just applying to college.
I will never be a professional dancer, and that's okay. Because I'll always be able to perform for someone, teach someone, share the happiness of dancing with someone... and that is all I could hope for.


Peer-to-peer lending is one of the hottest trends in this new world of loans, and can change the way we look at debt -- particularly the crushing burdens of student loans and the growing expectations of post-graduate degrees.
And if you are a junior or senior (or an eager freshman or sophomore), chances are you will be attending a lot of events this fall ranging from formal corporate presentations to more casual networking lunches. The tricky part? You won't be alone.
In short, the societal benefits of higher education far outweigh the benefit to any individual, and investment in higher education is easily repaid to the nation many times over.
How do you know which colleges to visit? When? What to do? Here's how to choose the right college amidst fierce competition and rising costs and how to determine the ROI (return on investment) of a college education.

The meeting on October 16 brought together about 50 White House aides, agency officials and staff, higher education leaders and community activists and civic leaders.


Backpacking has taught me a lot, and I will carry all of those lessons with me into the future, but here's the thing -- I don't plan on carrying much else.
Economic diversity at most top universities remains low. But the conversation on this issue is often one-sided, focused narrowly on why there aren't more low- and middle-income students enrolled. Equally troubling is what happens to these students when they manage to get in the door.
It's time to stop thinking about getting into college, and start thinking about going to college.  Do the schools on both lists offer the same majors?  Have about the same class size?  Do the students at all schools care equally about learning, or thinking, or Friday night?
Interrogation differs from reflection. Reflection has a dreamy quality to it, where memories drift in as if harnessed to clouds. Reflection relies on chance. Interrogation is forceful. It's deliberate. It exposes every fact, feeling, and idea that it can.
It turns out that there is a simple way each and every one of us can help. That is through a humanitarian mapping global collaboration.
The Nobel Prize in physics was awarded last week to Isamu Akasaki, Hiroshi Amano and Shuji Nakamura, who devised a way to create a semi-conductor that emits blue, thus enabling the LEDs that illuminate our phones, televisions, and computers. They provide an opportunity for us to reflect back on the cultural potency of blueness.
After survivors filed federal Title IX and Clery Act complaints against UC Berkeley for sweeping cases under the rug to the U.S. DOE, spearheaded state and federal legislation and created a national dialogue about campus sexual assault, how does UC Berkeley respond? By hiring a few people, making a website and creating posters.
Even if you are newly graduated and daunted by your new life as a \real adult,\ don't be afraid. Your college self is still there somewhere (probably in your heart and somewhere in the damage to your liver).

While it is important to be well-read and keep up with the news, it can be equally important to make sure the news stories mean something to you personally.


There isn't a definitive list or a guide to tell you how to get the perfect job in a desired profession; and there is (absolutely) no list available to tell you which college to attend to get a job in your desired field.
On Friday, Lynn will open its doors to several renowned social and environmental activists as well as delegates from around the world.
I'm a 40-something intern in Hollywood. I know. For some of you, that may sound like a fate worse than death. Others may applaud my moxie for taking a chance at the mid-point of my life.
Until we're willing to deal with the fact that young people are sexual people who need more realistic, developmentally appropriate guidance when it comes to sexual expression and satisfaction, the situation is not going to change.
Southerners love their \heritage\ because it has enabled many of them not to confront their history. Those two young women with their Confederate flag and Southern pride had to travel all the way to Bryn Mawr to learn that history.
The numbers suggest that the older ways of recruiting a class must change quickly if tuition-dependent institutions are to continue to be viable.
it is unethical to discuss such personnel issues outside of the committee to begin with, but by revealing the decision-making process in writing, he inadvertently gave his colleague and her lawyer a document that later became the centerpiece of a successful lawsuit.
Why are goals so important and more importantly, why are they so hard to complete? Goals add direction and purpose to an individual's life. They represent progress and when accomplished, provide a feeling of self-worth.
The excitement that comes from doing what you love is, also, seemingly, the remedy to the romantic blues.
On Sept. 30, myself, along with four other students at the University of Georgia came together to write a letter on behalf of the UGA Jewish community in response to the University scheduling Homecoming on Yom Kippur.

Contentedness is simpler -- more comfortable, and often appears in the guise of safety. However it will almost always hinder progress, making it impossible to move forward.
While Parents' Weekend and the chance to see your new college student face-to-face may be right around the corner, don't forget how much they would like to hear from you between now and then, and add in some practical money tips for good measure.
Yes, we probably shouldn't all up and quit our jobs every few months. Probably not the best tactic. But there is absolutely no harm in exploring other curiosities. You may not be in your dream job, but you may not know what that next step may be just yet either.

While the word Delhi flashes images of friends and family, it also stands for fear and embarrassment that I often feel. The condition of women in our country is a disgrace, I feel myself turning red with shame every time it is discussed.

Junior and community colleges were created as partnerships between local governments and state governments to help provide affordable access to higher education and it worked well.  College has been the doorway to a brighter future for millions of Americans, but that door has been closing.
Feminism is not a movement that advocates shaming, hating, or prejudice against men. This is a movement of equality, not one of gender domination.



Being abroad this semester in Salamanca, Spain, the word 'lost' has taken on new meaning. 'Lost' for me now extends to homesickness, jet lag and culture shock. It's wondering if other students will ask for your company tonight, or hoping service on Viber isn't too fuzzy to talk to your mom.

Shonda Rhimes. Her name alone elicits the kind of prestigious, yet thrilling notion that John Gresham or Dick Wolf would have in the mid-nineties. But this time around, she's a powerhouse of inspiration and childhood nostalgia that I could've never imagined looking up to in all of my 19 years of being a straight American male.

Camp counselors are given numerous opportunities to teach, listen, support, mediate, aid, lead, and make critical decisions. There is no career that doesn't implement these skills, meaning there is no person who would be wasting their time by spending a summer at camp.
All this leads me to consider something I encounter when I try to engage my college students
I often hear this question, spoken with anguish, in my office.  It's not the real question being asked, but it's the one that's easiest to pose. The short answer is \no.\ You can't take it back so listen to yourself, think about what kind of experience you would really like, and don't worry how many virgins are wandering around campus.
As a fairly recent college graduate, there are a few lessons I have learned along the way that have truly helped me thrive in my professional career and garner the experience needed to keep moving forward and achieving my goals. If you're college bound, halfway through, or about to graduate, these tips are definitely for you.
It might sound clich\u00e9 at a glance, but there is actually a way you can still be yourself while also being the kind of person that exults leadership.


I'm not trying to argue that we shouldn't be fearful of ISIS, but I do think it's important to gauge exactly how much fear is appropriate before we start deciding what to do about it.
As an incoming sophomore in college now, I understand even more about the extraordinary impact that 9/11 had on America.
For most of American history, America's colleges and universities have sat in isolated splendor as \cities upon a hill\ separated by gates and green lawns from the towns in which they lived. In these circumstances, the college relied on its non-profit status as an educator and saw little value in extending its relationships very deep into the neighborhoods that surrounded it.
Sometimes you have to completely throw yourself into something and not look up until all you see is clear sky. I think expectations, snap judgments, and insecurities cloud the conscience; they keep us from living and investing in the present.
Real life is notoriously imperfect.  Somehow, this ill-conceived quest for perfection in higher education seems rooted in nostalgia for an outmoded collegiate ideal.

When one fraternity brother wanted to raise money for a good cause, he started eating burritos. Lots and lots of burritos.
When I transferred to NYU, my dream college, the experience was starkly different. Catering to traditional students -- younger than I was, financially dependent upon parents and without children -- NYU fell short in addressing my needs.
Britney Spears said it best with \I'm not a girl, not yet a woman.\ We seniors are standing at this awkward intersection, but there is so much to look forward to this year and beyond.
Whenever I used to advise students on early drafts of college essays, I assured them that I didn't care about word counts. \Write it long, write it short -- I don't care,\ I'd tell them. \Just get your thoughts on to the page.\
A few weeks went by with what some would say was conversation, but felt more to me like he was reading my soul. I felt like he had me all figured out, more than I had myself figured out. I remember being frustrated that he hadn't asked me for my number yet.
I wouldn't be one of the thoroughbreds the article describes, circling an endless track of exams, interviews and extracurriculars just to hit the next career step. At the very least, I'd build my own track.


College students spend more time trying to unify themselves to the same expectations that high school required without appreciating the opportunity to create their own unique standard.
I hope there will be justice for Professor Salaita, but we must distinguish his First Amendment right to free speech from the more general question of academic freedom.

Sure, we must pay attention to what our graduates will do with their education, and we must give them the skills to translate what they learn in classrooms to their lives after graduation. But we shouldn't reduce our understanding of \their lives after graduation\ to their very first job.
Chancellor Phyllis Wise's letter to the campus was a prime example of violent language -- all the more violent because of its calm, rational, removed tone.  This is the kind of bureaucratic language that has the power to do much more harm than an angry expletive posted about a war.

Don't be scared. You will struggle and you might even fail a course or two. You might even break down and cry a few times. But if you work hard and stop second-guessing your every decision, you will get through it all and succeed.
America's most affluent have made their fortunes in different ways, but one thing is clear


Our remote, rural location means the national issues churning around higher education -especially the proposed solutions - are often irrelevant, if not detrimental, to our situation.

The storm of criticism, investigations and lawsuits arising from the campus sexual assault crisis suggests that this is a critical opportunity for colleges and universities to self-examine the weaknesses in the existing systems of prevention and investigation of sexual assaults.
Identify a second faculty mentor for research. Meet at least once a semester with both of your faculty mentors to explore research opportunities, including paid summer experiences. Also, if you plan on applying to graduate school, request letters of recommendation.
Why would a student accessing Wikipedia receive a warning about \Illegal or Unethical\ content if NIU is just trying to address sites that \pose an active security risk?\
With memories of high school graduations still strong but sadly beginning to fade, as in the cascade of summers before,  millions of families are busily preparing for a signal event in their lives.
It is not an exaggeration to say that the Chancellor and the Board of Trustees have now declared that the First Amendment does not apply to any tenured faculty at the University of Illinois.

The classroom is where you'll learn all of the information that you apply to your internships and your professors are great professional contacts for you and can be sources of recommendations in the future.
2. You wipe your mouth with the napkins you hoarded from Chipotle. What, is the huge corporation going to miss a few napkins? You're basically Robin Hood.
Millennials are constantly wary of being \called out\ in person or online.
The pressures for obtaining a convenient and comfortable home is still very evident as real estate in Kingston, and many other Canadian college towns, is slowly being exploited to the market imbalance of the newly emerging student housing business.

Most movie extras are not professionals in the acting business, but rather just people who you would see on the street. Everyone has the opportunity to become a movie extra, if they only know how.
With the cost of attendance rising across the board, for universities and community colleges across the country and student debt rising exorbitantly, more and more students, parents, and educators worry about the overall value of higher education and the return on investment.
For nearly two decades, I've been committed to preparing the most inspiring and motivated college students for graduate/professional school and lifelong achievement. I have learned that my very best students were focused, driven, and disciplined enough to follow these key steps-to-success during their senior year.

Whether you are heading off to college this fall as a freshman or as a returning student, it is critical that you think about your preparation -- not just in the practical matters of packing to outfit your residence hall room -- but also in preparing your mindset so you can truly get the most out of college.
Many higher education professionals often complain that the higher-ups at their institutions are not transparent in their dealings. This can have a negative impact on faculty morale and thus a devastating effect on the functioning of an institution.
Recognizing the trends of higher education is important for those of us who are involved in it on a professional level. But what are the trends?
As students return to school this fall with the echoes of gunshots and angry protests reverberating across the country, how will teachers address the lessons of Ferguson?  Will they even be able to do so?
A new initiative at the International Institute of Education is sparking conversation, asking us how we can increase the cultural awareness in our students and encourage them to learn in environments outside of their comfort zone.
As a women's college alumna, my contention is that women's colleges are today's best kept secret in higher education. It's the main reason I started blogging and with so many advantages, it would be remiss of me not to continue to do so.

Yesterday, Stanford professor David Palumbo-Liu wrote a response to my piece, in which he claims that I am either willfully ignorant or distort facts. Readers can sort much of this controversy for themselves. However, I would like to briefly address several of Palumbo-Liu's assertions.
Critics of UIUC's action do so not to defend someone critical of Israel -- it is to defend all scholars against the capricious will of administrators to deny employment to faculty who hold unpopular beliefs.

Up there with the tenure system, the peer-review process is perhaps one of the most baffling and convoluted aspects of modern academia. What is it, though, and how exactly does the process of peer-review work?
More and more academics are recognizing the potential to supplement their income from higher education positions with out-of-the-box projects and schemes.


Within the flurry of social medias, it's unsurprising that Instagram has steadily gained clout over other popular platforms. How else could the phrase \selfie\ blossom? Underneath who-knows-how-many layers of Lo-Fi and Valencia filters, the answer -- quite literally -- is staring us in the face.
I don't have a younger sister, but if I did, this is what I would tell her, and what I wished someone would have told me.
While our lexicons are being updated to reflect a changing understanding of prejudice, it's hard to imagine that some of us aren't losing our relation to the real-life problems that our language is trying to solve.

You should be your kid's biggest supporter. But for parents of high school athletes, in particular, it's important to maintain perspective. Don't lose sleep worrying about catering to every need of your athletic child.
As you investigate colleges and costs, ask questions of admission and recruitment offices. They are more than happy to give you straightforward answers. And the department heads certainly have a point of view about the affordability of their particular programs.

Gone are the days of assigned summer reading, so the summer before entering college is the perfect time to catch up on some enlightening reading for what little summertime we have left.




Mattress toppers are incredibly common in dorms around the country ,and it appears that most contain flame retardants that seep out and become part of our children's toxic body burden.
While I've been a true believer and I've perpetuated the belief in hard work as the great poverty buster, now when I talk to some of them I feel that I've perpetuated a great fraud upon them.

In the late 1700s there were about 427 free black men and 48 slaves living in Providence, the capital of Rhode Island. By 1825, Providence had 1,414 free black men and four slaves.




If you want to understand the real college crisis in rising college costs, you don't need to look to the Ivy League or even your state's flagship university. Simply take a look at your local community college.
The world enjoys no shortage of advice, both good and bad, about how students can get into college. But for all the thousands of dollars that families spend on preparation, all of that support vanishes once students actually enroll.
The braggadocio nature of a lot of hip-hop songs and the genre's roots as an outlet for African American youth has made Iggy Azalea's rise to popularity controversial. She has the longest run for a female rapper as #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 with \Fancy.\


Student success stems from teacher capability. The educators who oversee today's classrooms directly determine how much their students learn.

When Richard Kline graduated from law school in 2003, he had $117,000 in debt and jobs in the legal field were scarce, so he took a job as a mortgage loan officer. Despite his hard work and a housing market that was just starting to boom, he was barely making a dent in his balances.

As I reflect on my undergraduate experience, I feel that it was a colossal waste of time. My memories are a vague blur of hanging out with friends and cramming for exams --forgetting all the information on my way out the door.
The summer months are the perfect time for college students to add relevant experience to their resume. This experience, whether you're going on to graduate school or launching your career after graduation, gives you a chance to stand out.
I sometimes lie awake at night cursing the heavens, wishing that God had never forged a love of the written word from the steel of my very soul and instead forged something that would have allowed me to invent Candy Crush.
These high achievers who are committed to academic excellence, community service and leadership are the dreamers who imagine what they want society to look like and will put in the time to create it.
How can the place we live be comparable to say a boyfriend or a girlfriend? How can the streets we walk, the people we see, and the corner establishments we frequent be so impactful on our happiness?
Higher education today embodies individualistic, hypercompetitive achievement norms which contribute to inequality in a number of ways.  And it has enormous, if often unacknowledged, power shaping career plans of its students and helping to authorize \what counts\ in the intellectual life of the nation.
We wouldn't dare give a young person who is just starting out the same advice today about bank interest rates or real estate values that we did ten years ago. So why are we still giving out the same old advice about college?
Dispensable income and social networking tendencies of EDM fans have bolstered the global EDM market to the tune of $6.2 billion dollars. The commercialization of EDM has embittered fans and DJs alike, causing Deadmau5 to rename the genre \Event Driven Marketing.\
After the caps have been thrown and the goodbyes have been said, it's time to decide where you are going to live post-college life. Moving back in with your parents is always an option, but is it the right one for you?
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is an incredible thriller like no other. It's much smaller in scale than its predecessor, but that only allows for it to tell a more intimate story. The political and family drama is intensely engaging and the action-packed climax is the most fun half hour you'll spend at the movies this summer.
Let's face it


Some youth will go off to summer camps, or spend their free time exploring museums and nature; however, others will find themselves without important learning opportunities. Inevitably, a lack of exposure to learning opportunities from one school year to the next leads to summer learning loss.
As soon as I leave the bubble of Smith College, I find myself having to explain or clarify various misconceptions that friends from high school -- and even the parents of these friends -- have about what it's really like to attend a school without any boys.
As clich\u00e9 as this probably sounds, college isn't just some step in your journey. It is its own adventure, filled with endless opportunities and lessons. And, where you are is a big part of that journey.
For those on the track leading to the awarding (or denial) of tenure, academic time plays a cruel joke

A student needs to develop the necessary skills to pursue a college degree, although in truth there are many kinds of colleges and some are far more difficult than others, both in terms of admittance and performance expectations.
Mom was hysterical. Equal parts angry, touched and relieved I wasn't with child. \How can I be mad?\ she asked, I had hoped hypothetically. She loved it. But she was definitely kind of mad.
I dread social media during election seasons. I have friends who sit all across the spectrum of political ideology. The constant barrage of vitriolic online postings from both sides of the aisle is like being trapped inside a bass drum in a marching band.
Whether your boss is ignoring you or just being plain mean, we came up with some tips for how to handle even the toughest of bosses.
If leadership ultimately must come from within higher education, will the disruptive innovators who understand the history and traditions step forward to make change happen?

Among the most important people who will influence your college life and, even life after, will be your professors. And they will help you increase your grades if you know how to engage them.
Your essays will bring authenticity to your application and allow the admission officers to learn who you are. You need to make sure this happens. So just how should you start writing your essays?
On this July 4 we should dedicate ourselves to recovering the American promise that education should increase our independence. Since the founding of this country, education has been closely tied to self-reliance, to declaring one's independence through one's ability to think for oneself and creatively contribute to society. In a quickly shifting economic landscape, it is understandable that some parents and pundits are calling for streamlined learning to train people quickly. But gearing education only to meeting current economic conditions is a ticket to conformity -- and also to economic and cultural mediocrity.
Congratulations! After years of hard work, you've finally accepted your diploma, crossed that stage and entered the Real World.\n\nAnd you have zero job prospects lined up.

Last fall I was granted a sabbatical. I shared with my colleagues that I planned to practice the piano, focus on wellness, and re-read some of my favorite books, including The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.  One of the senior faculty asked me
When challenged about the effect on their psyches of what I generically dub anti-social media, students assure me that they are fully social, but their integration and communication is with a society other than the one in the room.
Moving forward, when a sexual assault is reported on a college campus, it is investigated thoroughly and quickly, with an outside party overseeing the procedure. The outside party could be local law enforcement or a federal agency.
By the time I left SUNY at Albany in 1990, I knew attending college wasn't the right place. I did however, have to go through those two tough years to figure out what my soul needed.
In public higher education, many system-wide coordinating boards use the summer to conduct workshops aimed at briefing different groups of administrators on new regulations and at coordinating efforts among the system's various institutions.
At the time Professor Ore insisted that there was much more that happened that evening, but her story was not taken seriously and certainly it appeared nowhere on the news.

Phillips does tell us that, as a young child in the 1860s, Sigmund regularly found himself displaced by the birth of new siblings -- six in seven years. As newlyweds in the 1880s, Freud and his wife practically repeated this history, welcoming new children -- six in eight years.

We have this test, and it proves that our colleges and universities are terrible. I wonder if the solution will turn out to involve government regulation and private corporate take-overs. I would try to figure it all out, but gosh, I graduated from an American college in 1979, so I am probably too dumb.
I looked forward to the day when I could finally say I knew what it takes to be cool. I couldn't fathom it would be something that would disappoint me. That maybe I wouldn't want to be cool. But I don't. I can't.
What is it about millennials that makes us constantly forge happiness? I have faith in my generation. If we believe that we can break free from social media mania and adjust our lifestyles to reflect authenticity instead of deceit, we might be able to admit that life is not perfect.
The best preparation I ever had for becoming a college president wasn't the Harvard IEM seminar or the administrative program at Cornell. It was breaking my ankle in Bavaria.
#FelonCrushFriday should be used to raise public awareness about the reforms needed in the criminal justice system and how each of us can extend a hand to those caught in its revolving doors. We can change the way we think about crime and incarceration.
From time to time, people who are about to condemn the Chinese apologize to me. They preface their comment with, \I am very sorry to have to say this,\ and they give me a pitying look.
Perhaps, as we continue to talk about this horrible issue, and work collectively to eliminate it, we can help remove the stigma. When people feel ashamed they shut down or act out. Shame is directly connected with addiction.
Moving beyond borders for a novel experience can be the solution to your post-teenage existentialist crisis; discovering yourselves in different environments is both challenging and bold.
Student activist groups suggest that we should be skeptical of the number of assaults that universities track and they are frustrated with the denial and minimization of the problem of sexual assault on college campuses.
It scares me how much the negative stereotypes of community colleges have crept into the national psyche. Because they creep into community college students' psyches as well and make them feel unworthy of success before they've even begun.
During college, your hobbies are limited to drinking, eating, and maybe a small quotient of attending class. Not to say maintaining a good relationship with Netflix isn't a respectable way to spend your time... just maybe not all of it.
The first lesson is it's about the student. The promise of an education is not a \point in time\ moment but a life long, evolving, arduous road filled with roadblocks and hidden surprises.


It takes a novelist to remind us of something that is difficult for us to see from our perspective at the center of our own experience, namely, that our lives follow the curve of a narrative.

Professor David Lummus's \Italy




We are shaming a whole generation into thinking there is something wrong with wanting a steady job, a good marriage, and perhaps some children, as if doing all those things and only making a modest living doing it somehow constitutes being a failure.


Of all his 32 years, James Franco has become this generation's definitive inspirational scholar and this video validates that statement to the 10th power. For years, I've watched this video whenever I needed a bit of a boost of inspiration.
In an earlier post, I wrote about when I first started speaking on college campuses it was about addictions


Even when you tell them about the many high-paying jobs that are available in the manufacturing industry, it is just not a career that they are considering. And of those few high school students who might show an interest, fewer yet would be young women.

Plants live a sedentary life (in case you forgot) but that doesn't mean they live a boring one. In order for plants to survive they must be constantly responding to the environment around them.
Graduation speakers generally leave out specific, practical information about the steps you need to take to move from the world of school to the grown-up world of work and relationships.
The main problem is that there are currently not many women holding significant positions, making it harder for young women to find role models.
The truth is, the solutions to our toughest problems will not be found through a narrow specialization, but rather through an interdisciplinary approach, where each field of study can provide a stepping-stone to the eventual solution.
Elliot Rodger's crime was not a blind one but a targeted one, aimed primarily at the women he felt rejected him, but also at the men he saw as competitors for women's sexual attentions. Either way, this was a misogyny-based hate crime. This was violence against women.
The national focus on elite and other selective post-secondary institutions obscures the enormity of the positive work other institutions provide and undermines the valuable information they can share about successful strategies for first-generation college students.
History shows us that critics--outliers, whistleblowers, radicals of various kinds -- are usually the first to be silenced, so we should never be complicit in the work of silencing those with whom we disagree.
Even as some countries continue steadily along the path toward greater democracy, others have taken some concerning steps back with respect to political rights and civil liberties. Your challenge is to ensure that democracy expands, deepens, and delivers.
Even if you're not yet an entrepreneur, you can be entrepreneurial in everything you do. If you view each stop as an opportunity to learn something, there is always something you will take away from that experience.
It seems more done for the re-issue of the fun -- on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, and for a while, Snapchat. The actual experience may be less important than the postscript and interpretation.
As parents of 20-somethings, you may be idling uncertainly between Mother's and Father's Days, wondering where you belong, until you realize
As the incomes of the 25 best-paid public university presidents soared, the livelihoods of their faculty deteriorated. Students comprise another university constituency that is faring poorly.
The demand for this slave labor derives from the search for commercial sex or cheap labor. So why isn't the current slave trade an issue of more concern?

Brown failed me. Now, I want to make sure that it doesn't fail the next generation of students.
Originally, one attended a \university\ to study the universe and to seek one's niche in it. The best universities are still such places, where the connections that bind us to one another and to the cosmos are unveiled. Being an educator -- helping students celebrate the mystery and explore the connections -- is, on good days, magical indeed.
The greatest threat in defending the humanities is that our true motivation become the love that dare not speak its name. We must not let that happen.



Long ago, I was a nervous young graduate forced to appear in public wearing a humiliating cap-and-gown ensemble. What the real world had in store for me, I did not know. I presumed it would be like The Real World, whereby a television producer would provide me with a spectacular free loft to live in with a group of fun-loving peers.
Our generation needs to always remember that over a hundred years before us, people stood right where we were and felt very similar things, struggling with the same issues. People have always had to dig themselves out of messes they had nothing to do with creating.
My little brother is graduating college this weekend, which makes him the first person in my immediate family to do that. It's a big accomplishment. So, naturally, I wrote him a list of 6 tips he didn't ask for and will probably ignore. You know. To celebrate.
The answer, I believe, is rooted in a particular history and vision of what post-secondary public education in a healthy democracy ought to look like.

Throughout most of my twenties, I questioned my resume and its legitimacy. But lately, I have also begun to question the legitimacy of resumes, period.

This group's perspectives, sentiments, and realities are often not shared publicly in a setting where a history of elitism, privilege, and power is deeply-rooted.



Each year at this time, when I'm called upon to send 600 graduating seniors out into the world, I'm struck by how differently the educators, the graduates, and their families perceive the moment.
There are many different types of institutions offering different education models.  But when consumers think about college, the first image that comes into the mind of many is that of the residential liberal arts college.


Be aware that staying the course is considered by many a virtue, and flitting from one path to another every six months is not an advertisement for your persistence or stability when applying to graduate programs or seeking employment.


In a recent report on the state of legal education, Moody's, the credit rating service, noted in passing that tuition cuts are not necessarily an effective tactic for improving enrollment. The rationale is important for people to understand.
Be a girl who writes because you'll better understand when life throws unexpected hurdles in your way -- as plot twists give us necessary segues -- and because you'll know that some relationships need to end when there are no more plotlines left to have between two people.



Cases involving drugs or alcohol may be challenging to investigate if the victim is impaired. But that makes it all the more important to conduct a thorough investigation to put the evidence together.
While the Northwestern decision will probably not change college football as we know it today, it could stimulate a reasoned discussion on the contributions of college athletes to the revenue generated by football and basketball.

The only reason I actually studied and did my work in high school, I thought, was to get into a good college and to keep my parents out of my hair. But now that I am at good college, why am I still working hard?


In the same way that the apology has slowly begun to put the impetus of offense on the offended, it has now become the job of every Internet user to pretend to be as detached and armored as possible.
Motivational psychology has been a popular topic recently as private-sector employers have been turning to social science for ideas on how to better motivate employees, improve performance, and increase their bottom lines.
Three years ago, the American University administration announced that it would not be signing off on a grant proposal to the US Department of Justice for $300,000 in funding for sexual assault prevention resources because there would be a mandatory education component for students.
If your boss needs results by Friday, deliver them Thursday. If she asks for two good solutions for some challenge, give her four great ones. Over-delivering is key.
While it storms government offices with high-priced lobbyists, the for-profit college industry also is aiming to flood Washington with cards and letters from their students and staff opposing President Obama's gainful employment rule.
Having served his time, is Michael Vick entitled to resume his profession? I'd say yes. Are people entitled to protest him and his animal abuse past? Also yes. But what about the bigger question

As an immigrant who became a citizen as a teenager, I have no choice but to understand and embrace these issues. However, real change and real difference will not happen until those who can't relate or don't understand decide to embrace the core issues plaguing our education system.



My only son will enter college as a first-year student in the fall. For the most part of the last year, he, and his parents, were immersed in the college-application rat race. It is very easy to lose sight of what is really important in the college search and application process.


University admissions programs are not the place to promote partisan visions of social justice, but they are the place to produce the most dynamic and profound learning environments.

Myths as rumors are often untrue and exasperate any situation. This is the case with the college admissions process as so many students and parents hear things that are just not the case.
What we need is truth in packaging and promotion. What we also need is a system that puts the concerns of all of those who participate in college sports first.
Let's grow our own food, and build communities supporting each other's production. Let's learn to do so in all kinds of spaces from neglected urban spaces to suburban backyards.

Those lists are what stick with readers, even though The Atlantic, Slate and The Economist cite flaws in the report's methodology and acknowledge the complexity of determining the true value of higher education.
We want to believe that when we are watching college sports that we are seeing amateurs competing for the joy of competition and the love of the game. But, as we examined things more closely we got a different picture that caused us to modify our view and might also change public opinion somewhat.


This is American higher education today


