Texas never does anything small.
Why are they doing this to us?
It's a little disturbing.
Tom's benevolence doesn't stop at his kitchen door. He spreads his good fortune throughout the city on a daily basis.
The true sour is a study in simplicity -- of whiskey, sugar, and citrus.
Although driving across the country can be a daunting task, at least there is a host of different and equally delicious regional eats to make a road trip truly memorable and tasty.
Something seems unholy about 4/20 falling on Easter. Mostly, this.
Here are some tips to make kale a little more palatable.
Small talk before coffee? In other words, our worst nightmare.
Get familiar with the clothing & accessories that give him away.
No, this risotto doesn't taste traditionally Italian -- just delicious.
The mall is out. Restaurants are in.
Your kitchen will never look the same.
Turns out, there are lots of valid reasons to eat pizza in Vietnam.
Just in time for Easter!
Its phases have served as a reference point for sailors, doctors, farmers, and now... wine lovers?
I watched the film closely and counted each and every one of Chunk's culinary escapades.
You'll be face palming in no time.
So I've become the \Peeps Lady.\ Friends and acquaintances send me images of marshmallow bunnies and chicks dressed as bikers
You've told us about your love/hate for cilantro before, but have you ever wondered how come cilantro tastes soapy?
The only build change is that three bun faces get a schmear of sauce, rather than two as with burgers.
It becomes too easy to justify a Seamless web order just so you have one less thing on your plate to worry about.
Yes, there is a way to make this perfect dish even better.
Using the best of spring's vegetables, Annisa's chef makes a delectable treat that is fun for all ages.
Would you eat blue chicken, or take a bit out of green ice cream with purple toppings? Look at these photos and decide for yourself!
LIES, ALL LIES.
There are few industries in America as glutted as the chain-restaurant market, but gluttony loves company.
Some of life's greatest inventions were actually accidents.
Believe it or not, a lot more of your favorite American foods might actually be banned from being sold abroad.
I'd like to share our journey through France by way of wine.
Turns out the chicken nuggets being served in one of the nation's largest public school districts don't contain much actual
Every holiday should be accompanied with great food.
You'll find that with a jar of matzo toffee on the table, it disappears more quickly than you would have imagined.
Berry Coconut Frozen Yogurt is the flirty little sundress of desserts.
What can you possibly do for this year's big beercation?
Who doesn't love the look of a Bundt cake?
Pizza, pasta, grilled cheese... you name it.
If, like me, you don't think you'll have time to prepare anything for Easter this year, this recipe will save the day!
This chewy, crunchy, sweet, and slightly salty chocolate treat takes only 10 minutes of prep and 10 minutes in the fridge.
To celebrate this great dish, we've compiled the best burritos from sea to shining tin foil wrapper.
Your refund will be put to good use with any of these luxe items.
When it comes to cupcakes, there's nothing like Magnolia's classic vanilla cupcake. It's the treat that started the cupcake
Move over, Mickey, because Orlando's artisanal food scene is miles away from Walt Disney World.
It's made with a rye crust!
No matter what the reason for refusing to allow McDonald's to set up shop, these countries (at least most of them) are still holding firm against the fast food brand for now.
Want to read more from HuffPost Taste? Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest and Tumblr. As much as we love to cook, most
Living in New York City, we have had the opportunity to eat some really good food. Between the epic chocolate chip cookies
This is how Taco Bell \lives mas.\
Privacy is one of the defining issues of our time -- it seems like every day we uncover new breaches of our personal information
If there's any excuse to part with your seasonal sensibility, it's a Game of Thrones premiere.
Waking up to a view of gently swaying sailboats on shimmering salt water set the tone for the weekend.
If you aren't familiar with these food blogs yet, stop what you're doing and get acquainted.
Call it what you want, just stop trying to trick us into thinking it's pizza.
It's hard not to love, but it's also hard to love anyone who's just eaten it.
Call me an iconoclast, but I actually like to grill chicken breasts.
Whether you're a food fanatic or just have a very sweet tooth, you probably enjoy a good dessert. We're all familiar with the delights of a baked apple pie, or even more international dishes like Italian tiramisu, or Asian green-tea ice cream.
We're no strangers to drinking -- so much so that drinking has become a ritualistic pastime.
Pan-roasted coriander seeds and black sesame seeds are tossed in a luscious syrup with salted Marcona almonds, then topped with coarse sea salt before the brittle sets. As you bite into the crunchy morsels, the coriander seeds release their exotic aroma.
How do you get the world to start rejoicing in your new fruit? When your new fruit looks and tastes a lot like familiar fruits then how do you get the world to start rejoicing?
It's so much more than barbecue.
It's not Marie Callender who will nourish your family to strength and wellness; it's you.
There's nothing worse than ruining something so perfect.
Fourteen years ago, Julia Child gave me the best career advice on earth. And I was too concerned about the poison oak above my upper lip to listen.
Some foods get the hype for various factors other than flavor, and other foods are just that damn good.
Kate Middleton has impeccable taste and composure. We cannot argue with her choice of men, her Jenny Packham dresses, or
I used to drink coffee. All the time, actually. I drank it in high school, because pouring liquids from one container into another, and then into my body, was the most exciting thing that could happen while minding the front desk at the Y. I drank it in college because my stupid professors kept yelling at me for sleeping in class.
Dust off your very best \good ol' Republican gin.\
Whether you are hard up for cash, trying to feed the kids a quick lunch, or need to feed a crowd fast, frozen pizza is always there to save the day. But which frozen pizza, if you are going to serve it, is worth the buy?
Not only are these fries ridiculously good, but you feel like you just ordered something that only a privileged few actually know exists.
Passover means lots of rules
Passover is fast approaching (April 14-22), which means eight whole days of nonstop matzo eating. Because the typical matzo-with-jam combo can get a bit dull after it becomes your breakfast, lunch and dinner, here are nine bread-less ideas that won't leave you running bread-crazed to every bakery in town.
Meet your new favorite kitchen tool.
Forget those metal things sold as \cake testers.\
Is it Sa-POE-roe or SA-poe-roe? Don't even get us started on Sriracha and Nutella (betcha didn't know you were probably saying those wrong too).
The nectar of the dessert Gods packs a solid amount of nutrients that can benefit you in the long run.
This is not the grilled cheese of your youth. Unless, perhaps, you were born into royalty. Want to read more from HuffPost
So, what does your star sign say about your eating habits?
In case you needed another excuse to eat chocolate, we've got 17 for you.
There's an entire middle ground of makers and moochers.
Warning
These are just some of a wave of new items heading for restaurant menus in the traditional post-Lent refresher phase.
Once you get into a groove with music blaring and your hands full of matzo meal dough, it's easy to keep going.
Do you realize how difficult it is to find a food that starts with the letter X?
You might have expanded your drinking palate beyond Crazy Stallion since you finished college.
You don't need to be a professional photographer (or have professional equipment) to make that love in the kitchen look like magic in a photo.
Roast chicken is an end unto itself -- but it's also a means to your next lunch.
There's a lot you can do with two slices of bread and a handful of fillings.
Alcohol is not just for glasses anymore and these two spots are leading the creative pack.
Stuffed clams are a classic, but they have to be done right to truly hit the spot. You need that combination of juicy brine from the clam, vegetable richness from the stuffing and crisp bread crumbs on top. It's an easy dish that home cooks can shine with.
We're so hungry.
The sauce could hardly have been easier to make, and it begins with a pretty commonplace preparation.
Some of the cheapest, biggest-production whiskeys are actually some of the best.
You think you know, but you have no idea.
These countries don't know what they're missing.
I mean, creamy, rich goodness that provides healthy fats and protein to boot? What could be better than that, right?
Adding raw juice to your diet is a good way to consume more essential vitamins and acclimate yourself to a healthier diet.
\ It's an affront to your masculinity in a bottle.\
This chocolate treat became a family tradition on the very first taste.
It's time to wake up -- we need to talk crust!
We would never suggest you build a still and distill spirits in your own backyard. That would be very much illegal (though we wouldn't snitch if you did).
We reveal every loophole that a normal person can exploit to beat the seating system.
This technique yields a bowl of fluffy brown rice with just the right amount of chew, ready to give curries and stir-fries and braises a place to rest their heads.
This could change everything.
It's super easy and is a great change from the traditional pasta and sauce.
Nibs, pieces of cocoa bean, are the least processed form of chocolate available and perhaps the most healthful.
It's just not worth it guys.
Anything that is marinated and slow-cooked for anywhere between three to 14 hours has got to be an art.
This impressive mocha toffee crunch cake is easy to make and will surely be the star of your holiday dessert table.
Feel like you're always on the go but don't want to compromise good food for convenience? Get out your trusty muffin tin
Jump on the juicing bandwagon -- no fancy equipment needed.
Can you ever have too much caviar?
Whether it's a turkey sandwich or turkey on the Thanksgiving table, roast chicken for dinner or chicken wings at your Super
Get out of your beer rut.
I think a quick \livened-up\ sauce from the pan drippings is best and keeps close to tradition.
I was determined to create a cake that one-ups the old-fashioned, traditional Passover sponge cake.
Another champion feat is that the core is smooth, gooey and soft. It's not hard, even though it's frozen like a lot of other
Their stories deserve to be told.
While it's no struggle to find expensive restaurants the world over, finding a great, delicious deal is often much harder.
From bacon to bread, the name of every single food in existence also got its start somewhere. We rounded up 10 of the most essential foods around, did some digging and tracked down where their names came from.
You'll be pleasantly surprised by the versatility of the avocado.
Once upon a time, if you needed to stay gluten-free, your choice in flours for baking treats was limited to say the least. But times have changed, and definitely for the better in this regard.
That old-school juke box definitely doesn't have an Internet connection.
We're not sure whether to laugh or cry.
Mayonnaise is misunderstood. Let us show you the way.
None of these are actual dishes eaten in China.
FREE Ben & Jerry's for everyone!
Teeny, tiny spiders are the biggest cheese lovers.
Spoiler alert
My version of ginger beer is like the unfiltered, uncensored, hardcore stuff, but with a teensy little bonus
It's great to rattle the durable-goods manufacturing economy. But food and durable goods are quite different when it comes
Only the best eaters allowed.
We all aspire to be more like Betty White.
Celebrating St. Patrick's Day starts with a steaming dish of corned beef and cabbage. Watch Chef Cheryl Dent prepare the
Foodies claim they never order chicken at restaurants and the most kid-friendly version of this mealtime staple is the processed
Rhubarb
Every kitchen has it's own dirty little secrets. Maybe it's the five-second rule. Or the sniff test once something's past
It's a great-looking spot filled with great-looking people, but what is most remarkable is the plant-based cuisine.
Forget what you know about the food court; there's a new definition on the rise.
Set those biases aside and start working through this cocktail checklist.
What makes zucchini bread better? You know it, the answer is chocolate.
Who isn't ready for herbs?
When preparing foodstuff, you can create wonderful meals by playing up contrasts.
We caught up with our favorite chefs (old and new) to find out what places they are finding particularly inspiring lately.
To make nachos great, there's gotta be something more than just loads of guacamole or tons of jalape\u00f1os.
You might say Robert Jordan is the keeper of the flame by preserving the family's sourdough starter for so many years.
Just try a Vampira -- tequila, tomato, and some secrets even Bloody Mary wants to know -- and see if you ever want to go home again.
You may want to brush up on your scientific definitions of what makes a fruit a fruit.
Be prepared to have your cat-loving heart melted.
Why would you want flies to lay eggs in your cheese?
Let's just say this
Monsanto is cozying up to the reputation, authenticity and wholesomeness of family farmers -- and hoping the all-American nostalgia many associate with the small scale farmer rubs off on them.
What do you think? Would you ever eat roadkill?
Grilled vegetables aren't just for sad vegetarians at summer barbecues.
While pizza is known as an Italian specialty, Americans are passionate when it comes to their pie.
How to Make Quiche in the Microwave \Baking several quiches at once can be time-consuming, but not with the microwave. Twelve
This cake was awarded the title of Norway\u2019s National Cake a few years back.
We felt it was our duty to seek out the source.
The latest alcohol-related crackdown by Louisiana lawmakers regulates selling boozy ice cream.
Polar vortex be damned\u2014spring has finally sprung. To celebrate warmer weather on the horizon, we rounded up the prettiest
It took me 21.85 seconds to consume three Carolina Reapers, the world's hottest chilis.
It's amazing how inspiring leftover spuds can be, don't you think?
The next best thing to galavanting the world shoveling macarons into our mouths.
There are tales of lore which mention the glory of these buds dating back to biblical times.
Optimism has no business showing its face in the a.m.
Now we know why the name \foie gras\ stuck.
Hipsters and coffee are a match made in heaven.
There's nothing sadder in a kitchen than wilted herbs. Admittedly, we all get a little too enthusiastic when we see dark
I predict you will be hearing a lot more about Happy Canyon wines in the coming years.
Cereal doesn't stand a chance against this breakfast option.
For the sake of haute couture, of course.
The Seder plate is all about spring greens, so why not eat some?
And the winners are...
Grab your bacon, your eggs, your cheese, your pasta -- and your favorite pup -- and watch now!
When you bite into a juicy hamburger or a lovely steak, it's easy to forget that piece of meat was once a living, breathing
You can never have enough pictures of cake.
What's the deal with cauliflower steaks?
Did your favorite make the list?
And the second smallest is the worst.
Polenta is one of those hearty comforts -- warm, soft, and so buttery -- that even us non-Italians love.
This wholesome granola recipe will be your new go-to.
The beloved rooster sauce finds its way into my meals more often than not.
They're making recipes better.
There are ways to ease into the world of olives. Olive tapenade, a mixture of pur\u00e9ed or finely chopped olives, on grilled
There's a big difference between 'non-toxic' and 'edible.'
Sean Diddy Combs and Ciroc have put together a new array of fun cocktails that will impress any guest.
While the brand extensions we'll be taking a look at today might have made sense to some exhausted brand development executive somewhere, they certainly weren't hits with the general public.
Spring vegetables can wake up your sleepy dinnertime routine and a burst of color from a ratatouille dish is just what's
Are you the real thing or just in it for the great eggplant?
These mistakes can turn a party from fun to flop in a short amount of time.
There are some out there that take their niche bar ideas to fantastic new heights.
That's Kanye motherf****** West.
As I drank it in the chilling main plaza of Brussels, I was taken back by the unusual taste of any beer I had ever drank.
This'll change the way you think about vegan ice cream forever.
Am I allowed to say that I'm just about sick of macaroons?
So, if you know a talented chef between the ages of 8 to 12 who believes in healthy eating, get him or her to enter the Healthy
Boneless loin chop
Leave it to the French to make a giant cheese and bacon hash brown sophisticated.
This might be the future of Starbucks, so you'd better watch.
\My mother always took a little Jack Daniel's and rubbed it on my gums when I was teething.\
Maybe you've seen this post
It's unsurprising that a few \Real Facts\ might not be completely, 100 percent accurate.
Bagels are meant to be eaten almost right out of the oven.
Should you choose to add sour cream and stuff the entire ordeal into a tortilla mega-burrito style, I support you.
A first for the company and, perhaps, for the American supermarket industry.
There's something about new Core flavors...
If you could eat like a teenager again, would you?
After reminiscing with my mom and sister about the Normandy Chicken recipe, I pieced together my own version. The basics included a whole chicken cut up, shallots, mushrooms and Calvados, a french apple brandy. I added apples with the mushrooms and some cr\u00e8me fra\u00eeche at the end to make a creamy sauce.
We eat. I wait for the big dessert question. It never comes.
Then again, it makes perfect sense.
A visual of a recipe can be the inspiration for it.  I saw a pie with a cookie cut-out crust, and I just knew I had to make it.
It's so incredibly good that you'll never need to try another gluten-free banana bread recipe.
There\u2019s no ignoring America's ever-growing obsession with yogurt, particularly that of the Greek variety. In just a few short
There have been plenty of new, sometimes exciting, flavors, two of which were particularly unexpected.
We've collected the most common -- and infuriating -- situations whiskey-lovers run into.
You've probably never eaten real wasabi.
I have eggs in Purgatory. And I may still have time to invest in hot cocoa stocks.
For MasterChef contestant and entrepreneur Sharone Hakman, the transition from finance to the culinary world was about passion. Comparing his self-taught culinary ability to that of a musician, Hakman has been comfortable in the kitchen putting together new dishes since an early age..
If you walk into a cocktail bar and ask for a Moscow Mule, it's time to order a new concoction.
After launching in four cities throughout the country, Sprinkles Bakery has finally opened a cupcake ATM in NYC.
Making this main-course-hearty soup requires lots of chopping, but not much in the way of culinary skills.
Just about every cuisine in the world, from Mexican to Italian to Thai, uses chile peppers. There's a rainbow of varieties out there that chefs utilize to the fullest, but some mixologists have been slow to embrace the full spectrum of the fiery fruits.
Prepare your glass of milk.
Are you the life of the party or a total buzz kill?
TV advertising boasts it has everything a burger should
I always thought salt-baking sounded difficult and time-intensive. Turns out it's not!
Few things can warm an Austinite's heart like the smell of smoked meat or the sound of a can of beer opening on the Greenbelt.
Not too surprisingly, Dunkin' Donuts is New England's coffee chain of choice -- Bostonians' love for Dunkies will never, ever
Want to read more from HuffPost Taste? Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest and Tumblr. How you choose to play the pizza
A lot of people talk about pairing wine with food. But what about chocolate pairings? Are there foods that would make chocolate
Shine up your dancin' shoes because this vegetarian Bibimbap has a beat, and we're swingin'.
Have you heard that Coca-Cola spelled backwards is actually a secret anti-Muslim message written in Arabic?
They just took \breakfast in bed\ one step too far.
It turns out that vanilla is anything but boring.
No one can deny that it's supremely healthy. And when it's brewed right, it can be really delicious.
Today, even high-end Italian restaurants serve the now exalted pies.
Read on to learn the importance of salt, acid, and cleaning up after your damn self.
Determined to eventually open her own restaurant (maybe with a rustic Italian flare) and run her own bar program, there's no stopping this bartender on the rise, even in a male-dominated business.
FINALLY.
This is why it's so expensive.
Look for these fruits and vegetables at the market in the upcoming months, for the best flavor (and value).
One day, when we were hanging out in the test kitchen, we realized
They offer quality food, beer and spirits as well as a top sports-watching environment.
Certain things just shouldn't be made low-calorie and a Pizza Rustica is definitely one of them.
Luckily for coffee lovers, he is doing more than just drinking it.
Want to recreate the texture of classic chili, without the meat? Here's how.
Like all bright vegetables, winter squash is packed with vitamin A, second only to carrots.
Get your belly ready (and head to Canada).
It might seem crazy, but burger fans regularly wait in hour-plus lines for a taste of Shake Shack's ShackBurger. Why? Because
One of the most popular foods in existence, cured and smoked pork belly seems to be everywhere you turn. But there are plenty of other varieties of bacon out there, made from other animals as well as vegetable-based proteins and even one fruit that might surprise you.
During a seemingly innocuous meal, several different attempts were made to get you to spend more money.
How do you like your steak? Rare and juicy? Well done and charred? Bone-in or filet?
From tequila to bourbon, find out where your favorite booze originated.
They are the kind of thing just asking to be made at home and enjoyed super fresh.
Toast is becoming much more than just a boring breakfast.
Every single person in the world must experience these fluffy Asian sandwiches steamed with savory or sweet fillings inside.
Get that blueberry bagel out of here!
These protein pancakes are not the same light and fluffy buttermilk pancakes you might be used to.
It is fair to say that Americans have an interesting love of food, but our relationship with it is a tumultuous one.
If you want to learn how to peel a hard-boiled egg and keep it whole, watch this. If you've ever stood over your sink painstakingly
We take our burgers very seriously.
While the world of fine dining may be slowly disappearing, certain institutions will never die. Casual might be king at the
Winter weary wine lovers, ever ready for great bottles and spring flowers, will toast with joy to this first week of spring.
Slide, tap, pour. It's the new way to \make\ espresso.
Serve these hash browns as a side dish, or for breakfast or brunch with poached or fried eggs -- they're most satisfying!
Because of all the ice cream. Duh.
So what other kitchen personalities do you think I should add to my list? And which one best represents you? Cooking Show
Instead of offering a mountain of processed lunch meats with peaky-looking vegetables, they actually cook food.
Think ramps, rhubarb and pea shoots.
A look at some of the weird but delectable foods of the Philippines
Over the next few years, however, thousands of stores will start offering bougie snacks like bacon-wrapped dates, truffle
Even if you're an experienced sushi eater, ordering can be a very intimidating process.
Different cultures have found ways to combine incredibly hot spices with intensely flavorful dishes that make them worth the burn.
Of course I've come to learn that most cultures have pies or pie equivalents. So, philosophically, what counts as pie?
The wine aromas are less beeswax and more liquid minerals.  It's become much more complex.
Gardening, longer days and the first teases of summer weather-spring is blossoming at last, and we're ready.
Bring it on, spring.
Here are the secrets behind bartender Jon Harris' amazing mocktails.
Read this. Then go make yourself a cocktail.
What are your strategies for a great homemade pizza?
No matter how you serve them, the vegetables will stand up to whatever else is on the plate.
Antifragile -- When you put it in terms of wine and understand what it's saying, it breaks down on every aspect of life. How
If you had to raise your own pig, slaughter it and disembowel it before cooking it up for dinner, would you still eat meat?
Gut bombs, guys. Gut bombs.
After hours of cocktails, multiple glasses of huge reds, and platters of heavy food, the 2014 wine list will be set.
Butter somehow finds its way into everything.
Without any context, these infomercials are sure to make us laugh -- and all of them definitely assume that all humans are
The memo instructs servers to be alert for diners who \ask an unusual amount of questions\ regarding the food and the restaurant's
It looks like food, it talks like food, but it's really food's alien doppleganger.
While these menu items might appear on all menus in the Jewish deli food scene -- not all delis get it right.
But, though it doesn't make sense, you may have a hard time creating this magic in your own home. Your smoothies are either
\I lost my personal identity. It was replaced by 'someone with access to chocolate.'\
Free food when you go out to a bar. Enough said.
Each one a percentage of fat content -- and all of them the reason we love this British cream.
Which products caught my eye and taste-buds?  Though hardly exhaustive, these fads and foodstuffs stood out.
Do you find that when you order wine you often stick to the same varietals you already know and love?
Here's a sandwich that's easy to assemble, healthy and quite spunky!
If you\u2019ve ever winced at the suggestion of Chipotle to fulfill a burrito craving, been laughed at for thinking it\u2019s normal
Stick with us, and you'll learn some truly eye-opening stuff about Guinness, just in time to get it all over yourself.
You can screw around with burgers or pizza, but you can't screw around with barbecue.
Once upon a time, etiquette was important.
We started wondering what other vegetable metaphors were out there to explore and love. Here are a few of our favorites.
From fiery hot sauce to cooling tahini.
The Italian way of eating is about the enjoyment of quality genuine food and drink.
On the surface, a package of small-farm, grass-fed beef may look entirely identical to a packet of generically-raised beef
Put down that stumpy fraud and go get yourself a whole carrot.
It usually means you're just tougher.
Give that cinnamon stick a second look and its origin may not be so surprising after all.
Present year round, Austin's food trucks are the perfect way to sample a smorgasbord of treats and feed the thousands of concert goers. Below is a list of Austin's finest and the dishes you need to try:
It's all about the new \authentic\ bread.
This menu has all of the components you need for a balanced vegetarian meal.
Here are some of the most enticing new restaurants in the sun-kissed city right now, both on and off the beach.
IACP Cookbook Award Winners American The Lee Bros. Charleston Kitchen by Matt Lee & Ted Lee (Clarkson Potter) Lark \u2013 Cooking
Today
We decided to dip our toe in the coconut milk-filled pool of curries worldwide and get the skinny on a few countries' notable takes.
Tried and true pasta dishes you need to master.
Ranked from \Kind of crazy, but it just might work!\ to \Our brains melted.\
A shaved vegetable salad -- it holds up well, even on the second day. Try sturdy vegetables like fennel, celery, and radishes, then toss them with herbs and dressing. Then add a protein, like tinned fish.
Live-food connoisseurs actually believe meat tastes better if the animal is still alive.
Do you know the true meaning of a \frappe?\
Competitive food shows strip cooking of its best parts.
Find the right glassware for your brew.
One of the biggest trends popping up around the country plays on the childhood Dr. Seuss story -- green eggs and ham.
Can we talk Pesto? Fresh homemade pesto that makes your house smell like spring? Fresh homemade pesto that can be eaten hot or cold, served on pasta or salad or french fries or on your shoe?
Come Monday, the corned beef will pile on and the Guinness will flow.
Bro five.
Happy National Potato Chip Day!
We're the first to admit that it takes a special skill to cook perfect bacon. You have to be attentive. And you have to understand
It seems that even fit actors, musicians, and starlets fall prey to the harsh lens of the tabloids and paparazzi.
There are more than a few reasons why Sonic rules the old-school drive-in game.
I still have a few tips to keep you from being disparaged by staff in the back room next time you hit the tasting bars.
For when you need a new kind of spice.
Have you ever made out with someone after eating, like, seven Thin Mints? No? Me neither, but I'm going to start.
The result was quite pleasant, wheaty but not overwhelmingly so.
We're not exactly sure why these chains feel so compelled to release such outrageously insane offering, but hey, good for them.
Fueled by heightened consumer demand, the larger, more popular fish are being overfished.
Could it be this cabaret was breaking all the rules about modern cabaret and actually caring about the customer experience beyond the stage?
This version of hummus, made with ripe avocados, is the creamiest hummus ever!
New Yorkers, rejoice. A better food fad is here.
Ten years from now someone will say, \Remember St. Paddy's Day, 2014?\ the reply will be, \Is that the one where we had two kinds of Guinness cupcakes? Traditional and chocolate?\ \Indeed, the very one.\ And you will suddenly remember the whole day right down to what you wore, it was green.
A look at some of the best DIY tips and tricks from Alton Brown's \Good Eats.\
It's grilling season somewhere.
Preserve the flavors of orange, lemon and grapefruit.
Watch out kiddos, we're about to steal your snacks.
9 Mind-Blowing Liquor Myths Debunked More from Liquor.com
The typically smooth and incredibly drinkable whiskey is one of the most popular spirits on planet Earth right now.
The first sip of my first Flat White was...revelatory. Deeply, deeply satisfying. Such silkiness, such balance of milk and espresso, such richness and flavor mixed together in a blend of smooth and velvety goodness. Sigh. I was hooked.
(Because you don't.)
Imitation = not as good.
When in the mood to relive your golden years, there's a pretty good chance you'll reach for an equally golden beverage.
What is it about fattening foods that lures us in like moths to a flame?
After watching the video above, it is pretty hard to decide where your taste buds should actually live.
Deviled eggs have such a consistent, all-American appeal and a truly retro nature.
We've been able to get to the bottom of nine common spirits myths and what we've found is, to be honest, quite mind-blowing.
These may restore our faith in cupcakes forever.
The foodie will always know the best thing to order.
According to college students, obviously.
Technically, Chipotle doesn't have a \secret menu,\ but employees are encouraged to make what customers ask; just be considerate and patient with your server and don't go too crazy during peak times.
These are the books that you'll actually cook from.
Mornings are hard enough. Please just keep the obnoxious mugs out of our sight.
It's easier than you think.
Maybe the one time finding tiny body parts in your food is a good thing is during Mardi Gras season. As long as they're really
Forget catching snowflakes on your tongue -- this winter, snow gets the foodie treatment. Before you salt and shovel freshly
Take the guilt out of serving macaroni and cheese by sneaking some green veggies into the mix. Adding broccoli to this kid
Slow cookers help optimize your time but did you know they also pump up flavor? Watch Chef Cheryl Dent make a family-friendly
Maybe the you-know-what-nut put food mashups on the map, but we think the turducken deserves all the credit. After all, variations
Like everyone else in the world, bacon is my favorite food. But cooking it has almost always been problematic.
It's why so many top-notch bourbons, Scotches, ryes -- and everything in between -- tend to hit shelves during the colder months.
There's a thaw underway that's not just melting ice; it's slowly melting away the fear of being too upscale and too pricey that has gripped quick-service restaurants for the past year.
St. Patrick's Day should not be an excuse to knock back an \Oyrish\ whiskey or as an additive to hot coffee.
If you want to add a little kick to whatever you're eating, nothing beats a couple of dabs of hot sauce.
Apple pie may have the stronghold on Americana, but it was the cherry that lured our first president to mischief. Sweet or
The latest edition of \fast food breakfast wars 2014.\
We're afraid.
Most pizzas have a history of way more than 30 minutes.
Most people know Tom Colicchio as the chef and owner of Craft restaurants or as the tough but lovable judge on Top Chef.
Il Cantinori's regulars lend the place an atmosphere that wholly fills the bill as a New York-style trattoria.
The FDA often recalls these products after users experience life-threatening side effects.
Mmmm, fire and blood.
WARNING
We know you drink it, but do you really know what it is?
In the form of a ceramic elephant.
Cumin, we \u2665 you.
I made a slaw (sort of, I really I just mixed it all together) of red cabbage, tomatillo, tomato, fresh corn, cilantro and jalape\u00f1o and layered it over the shredded beef along with some shredded cheese. Then I topped it all off with avocado crema. Basically sour cream, mashed avocado and some lime juice. It was all really simple and a meal I will make again for sure very soon! Enjoy.
Crab Mac, if you haven't had it, is a Monday kind of dish
This little ditty is just a combination of some of my favorite flavors that are kicking around the market right now -- creamy avocado, bittersweet blood orange -- that pair perfectly with the chewy, hearty farro in a grain salad.
Vote for your faves daily in these and other munchie superlatives including Best Food TV Show, Best Food TV Personality, Best
Meatballs are a matter of international importance, with technique and ingredients revealing the lineage of your culinary
Synonymous with the lazy Sunday brunch, the Bloody Mary is an iconic fixture of the American drinking landscape.
The 2014 vintage promises to be a challenging one for wineries in Argentina. After an excellent year in 2013, the climate
Some processed foods are most enjoyable when consumed under a veil of ignorance. Otto Von Bismarck, the politician who allegedly
Who's going to hold your hand through yet another burnt batch of crepes and tell you to keep at it until you get 'em right?
Next time you're at the bar, try ordering a Negroni on ice or a sherry cocktail.
How to make Funky Juice
I both agree and disagree with that thought. I mean, everyone complains about their jobs, even if they like their jobs; there
An increasing number of excellent Santa Barbara area producers are trying their hand at creating delicious sparkling wines.
Grilling sizzles the fat, endowing the meatball with a crusty exterior. (It also melts out some of the excess fat.) Toss
Since the Accidental Locavore has been living in a cold and snowy climate (like most of us, I know), there's been a lot of
Part-pastry, part-savory, it could hold its own as an entree but it's actually a surprising dessert.
Just think of all the eclairs.
The new product message
Yet another reason to stay the hell away from fast food.
Some countries just don't like chocolate all that much. (GASP!)
After 15 years in the Tri-State Area, I'm moving to LA. Here are the restaurants I'll miss the most once I'm there. The restaurants I love the most in the world.
Fast food restaurants keep thinking of more outrageous ways to get you completely hooked to them.
My culinary \handicap\ eventually became a joke among my closest friends.
You should always keep a couple of limes stocked in your kitchen.
From atrocious to America's favorite.
You'll never guess which country has duck confit in their MREs.
Pinot Noir has been growing steadily in popularity, but typically California or French wines are making the initial cut. Perhaps its time to try a compromise in Oregon wines -- grown on the same latitude as Burgundy but with a new world feel, they can be the best of both worlds.
The next best thing to a SAD lamp this time of year? A giant bowl of real ramen.
McDonald's next week will introduce premium-price Bacon Clubhouse beef and chicken burgers in an attempt to regain its pricing equilibrium after a long spell of Dollar Menu & More budget-price promotion.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is making a sandwich -- and you know the \Terminator\ star isn't going to settle for ham and Swiss
Saint Patrick's Day has plenty of well-known traditions, but their histories are probably unknown to most.
Sadly, the colonists did not eat the parsnip with the same enthusiasm, and it is still under-appreciated in America, although in Jamestown, in the early seventeenth century, the settlers made a wedding cake with parsnip flour.
Want to read more from HuffPost Taste? Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest and Tumblr. Martha also offered cooking
The best part of waking up is bacon in your grill.
Now, I'm never one to shy away from making foods that are as crazy as possible, but with this one I thought that I might be overdoing things a bit.
There's never been a better time to be a Manhattan drinker.
This is a total straight-up weeknight recipe that puts your family right where you want them to be at the dinner hour.
Warning
When friends visit NYC from out of town, we often end up taking a stroll through Manhattan's Little Italy. Although they have seen it in movies and in TV shows, they tend to have a limited sense of how and why immigrants moved between different neighborhoods over time.
I've been drinking ... watermelon.
Perhaps even a chorus or two of \Tommy Boy\ will be sung.
The number one spot, for instance, belongs to Da Poke Shack on the Big Island in Hawaii. The seafood shack gets an average
There's no reason you shouldn't serve them as the potato part of a main course.
America wouldn't be the same without diners. They are a symbol of all that is great about this country -- that we can get
Learn how to dice like a boss.
Go bold!
Cronut\u0099\u0099\u2122 inventor Dominque Ansel has done it again. In an Instagram posted earlier today, the famed pastry chef revealed
Because we know the social sacrifices that comes with eating BBQ ribs all too well.
What better way to celebrate Mardi Gras than to enjoy the mightiest of all foods that hail from the great city of New Orleans
Here are some of the worst.
In an effort to fit as many people as possible into an oftentimes small space, restaurants oftentimes seat parties so close to each other that there's high potential for that one inconsiderate banquette-mate to spoil a meal for everyone.
These'll give you a new lease on life and a renewed sense of appreciation for geckos.
It works with the help of iPhone apps and Bluetooth connections -- thank you, technology.
Happy Pancake Day!
Matt speaks of his background, philosophy, and his practices to make wine.
The trick to making a good one, in my mind, is to create a quick, rich broth. This sets you up for a soup that's mild and throat-coating for your cold-stricken companion, but still flavorful enough to enjoy a bowl yourself.
Two words
Remember that time you ate a microwavable burrito every night without fail?
Why would I need this stuff?
Any excuse to eat doughnuts, and we're in.
A pierced poached farm egg poured by our server into a bowl of earthy forest mushrooms and wonderful clean chayote became a rich potage; with toast points, I'd happily eat this every day for breakfast.
It's practically science.
Laskiaispulla are quite simply a sweet cardamom flavored bun that is filled with a raspberry or strawberry jam and topped with a delicious whipped cream.
Many people are unaware that animal byproducts are used in a host of places in the food and beverage industry, often hidden in products that you might never suspect. A key area in which animal products are often unexpectedly present? Wine.
As if Americans weren't confused enough about Hollandaise sauce.
There are certain traits commonly associated with every order.
If you're in need of a little winter pick-me-up (and at this point, who isn't?), an easy, soul-satisfying soup is just the ticket.
From a 'pie house' specializing in Frisbee-sized xian bing meat pies to a Peking duck stall.
Everything you need to know to make the perfect potato dish.
We've all been there.
Now that I've lived in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, for the last six months, I've become extremely familiar with quite a few eateries in the 'hood.
Going to a restaurant can be frustrating -- you're surrounded by terrible people, you have to wait for a seat, and at the end of the night there's a 0% chance of the building driving you home.
Named for the famous Los Angeles diner, this classic bourbon cocktail is sweet and sour. Watch top San Francisco bartender Dominic Venegas mix up this classic in our video.
Chances are you hold it at arm's length, confused and skeptical of its magical powers.
Get ready for the Oscars this Sunday.
Chili. It's an ingredient. A dish. An iconic American favorite. And the fastest way I know to start a food fight. Especially if a Texan is present.
With Hollywoods biggest night upon us this Sunday, it seems fitting to celebrate red carpet style. Invite some friends and neighbors over, put out some snacks, light a few candles, and mix up some star-worthy cocktails.
Everyone thinks their grandmother makes the best cookies, but when you are Christina Tosi, the James Beard Award-winning chef from Momofuku Milk Bar, you really know what makes a great baked good.
I still use cookbooks because if a cookbook is a hand-me-down from Mom, I can tell which recipes are clunkers because she will X out the entire recipe with bold, scrawling marks if she does not like it.
As in The Case of Why Aren't More Girl Scout Troops Setting Up Shops Outside Marijuana Dispensaries, I've got to think there are bigger, better places our Scouts should be selling their wares.
Let the good times roll.
Pizza toppings around the world are stranger than we expected.
Glenn Harris, chef of The Smith in New York City, doesn't cut back on the butter in his iconic macaroni and cheese recipe. He uses whole milk and heavy cream. And he uses four -- count 'em -- four types of cheese. He's not apologetic about it. That's because after one bite of the stuff, you'll be silenced.
It's been a long, tough winter -- here's the way to get through it.
Follow these instructions, add your favorite condiments and you'll never suffer from the sandwich syndrome again.
At farmers' markets and shops and restaurants, kale was as absent as a rude waiter.
Finally, a table setting guide that isn't boring.
As long as millennials continue guzzling wine, canned and tap wines are also set to explode. But the biggest wine boom will come from the box, and here's why.
When you eat a street cart food dog, it's at your own risk.
Some grains are all the rage, but that doesn't mean they make good pasta.
Madrid drew me in to its web easily, and it didn't take long before I was tangled into a life of tapas, vino tinto, siestas and endless utterings of \vale.\
This pale chocolate (-ish) food can surprise you.
Piquillos make a perfect pantry item -- livening up sauces, dips or tapas to your heart's content.
As you watch the Academy Awards, be sure to mix up one of these seven delicious concoctions and raise a glass to all the nominees. Cheers!
We tried some of the strangest to find you the best.
Since this topic is of utmost importance, here is a correct ranking of cereals to rectify Marchman's grave error
Not only is the 'bakery-caf\u00e9' America's favorite chain sandwich shop according to our recent poll, it's also raking in the cash.
This year the Best Picture category gave me a lot of regional things to work with.
Are people lying when they say they want healthier options?
It's time to end the struggle!
At some point in the next week, month, or year, you, too, will eat out alone. It happens to all of us.
Many of the sames themes of the burger explosion are evident in Britain's love affair with the humble hot dog.
Something almost ethereal happens when you walk into a Costco.
You'll never again have to wonder what style of tortilla-bomb you're sinking your teeth into.
Sometimes just getting the food to our mouths is a real struggle.
No one deserves a bad cup of coffee, not even decaf drinkers.
All hail the mighty hummus.
With pulled pork mac and cheese, pizza, nachos and more.
Get to know a new muffin.
Does anyone smell waffles? Oh, that's just our jewelry.
Move over, Teavana\u2019s $27 express tea-brewing tumblers.
Why has no one thought of this yet?
Growing up I was poor. I'm 28 now and I recognize my childhood taught me a lot about what is necessary and what isn't.
Happy birthday, Kristin Davis! Rumors of a third Sex And The City movie continue to swirl, with Sarah Jessica Parker and
Drop those chopsticks. Step away from the sushi. And for God's sake, check yourself on the soy sauce.
It doesn't seem fair, does it? When you buy a doughnut, you know you're getting yourself a little sweet treat -- a doughnut is just a bunch of fried, frosted dough on top, after all.
From chocolate-covered cookie sandwiches to the spiciest kettle-cooked chips, these are the snacks worth traveling south for.
These two already love each other. Here's how to make their relationship extra special.
Who needs to open three beers at once? With two hands?
Ultimately we realized that in order to grow to the point where we were selling a LOT of sauce, we needed to first be full-time and focus all of our effort on expansion.  Okay, that's risky.
Americans put a lot of faith in the government when it comes to food regulation. We trust that our meat is pathogen-free
This Fat Tuesday, try not to look like a rookie.
What are the deal breakers, or stallers, when it comes to recipes? Here are a few that popped into my head.
McDonald's continues to refine the idea of boxed, multi-person meals overseas while it also begins to dabble with the idea in the U.S.
I am sure you'll prefer this foolproof method since it's simple, quick, and clean.
There are candy stores around the world that sell a variety of sugary concoctions ranging from homemade chocolate to lollipops and everything in between. The Daily Meal has compiled a list of the most unique candy stores globally that are flying under the radar.
Go simple or go fancy -- chances are, we've got a way to use up all your celery.
Barbecue has been used as a tool in American political campaigns for more than 150 years.
If you've ever debated between an after-dinner drink or dessert, you've been living life all wrong. Boozy desserts are your
We made terrible mistakes so you don't have to.
We know, we know, there are a lot of consonants in Fettuccine. But that's no excuse.
Their flavor will be reminiscent of your former flame. Plus, your homemade version can't get recalled. So there's that.
Top 10 Pizzas in America See more from Epicurious
Most get overcooked and crusty, but these brownies are as fudgy along the edges as they are in the center.
Michael Breach, otherwise known as baristart, paints stunningly recognizable celebrity portraits on latte foam. To amaze
And she's back in the game! Paula Deen made a boisterous public reappearance at the South Beach Wine & Food Festival this
It's about time we get to the bottom of this.
With a mild yet distinctive banana flavor, tender crumb and deliciously crisp crust, this is my go-to banana bread recipe. It's phenomenal right out of the oven, and delicious all over again when you toast it for breakfast the next day.
Try these related cuts you can substitute for skirt steak should the latter be unavailable
Three simple steps, often overlooked, will make your wine drinking better than ever. Choose one, two or all three. None are earth-shattering, but all will increase your pleasure.
Chocolate inspires a devotional kind of love. An all-consuming kind of love. The kind of love that drives people to dip pickles
Butter brings out the animal within. You know this if you've ever watched a toddler eat a slab of icy cold butter straight
We all know chocolate fondue is decadent and romantic, making it one of the perfect Valentine's Day desserts, but you can
Getting kids to try different foods can be a challenge. Getting kids to try sushi? Nearly impossible. If you've ever offered
Winter takes its toll this time of year when reveling in the beauty of powdery snow and snow days is replaced by yearning
It's time we all have a little more fun with our ice.
It's easier than you think.
You'll need a lot of salt, and a little bit of time.
Don't miss out on the best grilled cheese experience of your life.
It's a long night. Prepare appropriately.
What's the worst time of day? Whenever your local coffee shop is staffed by the Condescending Coffee Snob.
Shake with your right hand but hold a rock with your left.
Sometimes it's our significant other that feeds our bad eating habits.
You've got a Starbucks standby drink, and that's perfectly okay.
The \King of Late Night\ isn't Jimmy Kimmel, David Letterman, Conan O'Brien, Jimmy Fallon Seth Meyers or Arsenio Hall. It's Jack.
Whiskey is one of America's most beloved spirits, slightly edging out sriracha-flavored vodka.
Which are real and which are just myth? To find out, I took to the streets. And ate. A lot.
Oh Canada!
We have always believed that good food is good food.
A little of column A, a little of column B.
Now this is a hybrid food we actually want to eat.
This is strangely captivating.
Here are 10 alternative grains to fall in love with.
Although Sarma is quite vocal about her animal views on social media forums, she does not want to isolate anyone interested in even just trying a raw and/or vegan diet.
No parent likes to watch their child suffer through a cold or the flu. And feeling helpless is not an option. Read more on
Cold, dry days don't have to sap your skin of its natural beauty. To combat a dulled complexion, head straight to your kitchen
Pretzel Bread is a thing to be revered, not resisted.
A glossy chocolate glaze is one of the simplest ways to dress up a cake.
How to make a \weeknight\ chicken taste like a $75 restaurant chicken.
Don't you dare call it an ice cream sandwich.
Everyone needs a new favorite cake. Here's yours.
Traditional rice dishes can hold surprises in the form of unexpected ingredients.
\She was just the worst, a terrible person in the kitchen.\
Forget everything you ever thought you knew about how Parisians eat.
There's no better way to watch the winter games.
Fearless eaters aren't born, they're made.
Seriously, you guys should not be allowed to make ramen anymore.
There are still plenty of regional specialties that are certainly worth the effort.
Don't know what to order? We've got you covered.
February's nachos honor our President's heritage, as well as his food weakness.
Are you a mellow cafe au lait or an intense espresso?
Think you're too old and refined for sugary breakfast cereal? Think again.
Two words
White meat or dark meat, you just can't lose. Here are your strategies for a perfectly roasted chicken.
Warning
We decided to round up an amazing international selection from 10 chains you know and love, mainly to make you jealous.
British restaurateur Tom Reaney is seeking to raise \u00a330,000 (roughly $50,117) through online-funding platform Kickstarter to transform his Burger Bear pop-up burger stand into one permanently housed in two stacked used cargo containers.
Candied bacon that's low carb?  Wha-what?
Next up on our tour of Santa Barbara County appellations is its newest AVA -- Ballard Canyon.
The Commander-in-Chief has some important things say about both cone consumption and how to live this American life.
$700 million in revenue per year. Need we say more?
OK, so you probably already know the basics of the Gatorade story, but just let's recap.
Hawaiian pizza was invented where?!
Good things come from prickly plants -- like tequila, nopales, and dragonfruit.
We've pulled together our experts to choose the definitive list.
For two countries that share the same language, the UK and the US can differ wildly in their vocabulary.
Food has become super cool! We're a curious generation and we'll mix and match different ingredients to see what new concoctions we can come up with. Now whether it's acceptable to our palate is another story, but we are willing to try.
We have GIFs to prove it.
Are you reserved and traditional, or bold and a little sassy?
Onions, bro. Onions.
When it comes to cakes, the more layers it has, the more impressive it feels -- that's why crepe cakes always seem so special
Finally, we have the answer to a burning question for Radiohead fans
Looking for love this Valentine's Day? So is Pizza Hut.
What human could be more attractive than a bottle of wine?
Chai-Spiced Coating Combine the warm milk, water, sugar, and active dry yeast in a small bowl. Let sit until the yeast is
This is for all you procrastinators out there.
Kale benefits your body in many ways, but the nutritional power packed into this winter veggie isn't the only reason to love kale. It's a gateway to cooking with your kids.
When it comes to fun festive desserts, red velvet ranks pretty high on my list. There's just something that feels so special about a beautiful red, cocoa-laced cake. I've been known to top them off with these really cute homemade chocolate hearts that look fancy but are beyond easy to make.
Now if only they could make an adult-sized Play Place . . .
Watch and learn.
Yet another vehicle to get that magical caffeine into your veins.
Here's a refreshing, colorful and absolutely mouthwatering concoction...
You will have the full attention of the coat check person, the bartender, host or hostess and the full front and back of house staff.
The best way to say \I love you\ is with something homemade and delicious.
These tasty cocktails are perfect for adding the right dose of festive flair to your Valentine's Celebration.
Hang in there, buddies. We'll make it through this one with a little grease.
The chocolate shavings might seem random, but the heart/love is there if you spend the time to search for it.
We can save you the heartache and pain of biting into random chocolates you don't like, thanks to our heart-shaped chocolate cheat sheet.
Find out where Zagat thinks true romance lies.
Here's to keeping warm the old-fashioned way!
We broke down a typical hamburger to illustrate the resources used to produce a meal that the average American eats 3 times
Your wooing efforts may fall flat if half of the dinner conversation revolves around the disappointing food.
New York exhibitionism at its finest.
The breakfast tastes just as good at the not-so-trendy place across the street.
Just about the easiest way there is to look like a total boss in the kitchen.
When someone sent us literal barbecue cologne in the mail, we were excited and yes, a little wary.
These feeble ice breakers might be even worse than usual.
Here are 12 recipes you just may come across somewhere you wouldn't expect.
This is one ingredient you should have in your kitchen.
Because who doesn't want to eat EVERYTHING in the shape of a heart?
Sure, you love coffee, but do you really know coffee?
We're all familiar with the classic children's snack of ants on a log, which consisted of celery, peanut butter and raisins (or chocolate chips as a treat). Well, think of this as the adult version!
There's something inherently special about eating foods that don't call for the interference of utensils.
Never forget.
Quick reminder
Let this dish from Northern Africa help you survive the winter.
While making cheese fondue can be tricky, making chocolate fondue is practically foolproof and can be whipped up at a moment's notice.
Tea time just got kid-friendly. Watch this video for tips on how to incorporate a calming tea time into your child's day
One doctor claims he drinks pickle juice before he runs. The Kazakhstan wrestling team likes to consume horse sausage. And
And it'll change the way you eat ramen forever.
The first thing you learn in French after \bonjour\ is \\u00c7a va?\ Meaning \It goes?\ or \How is it going?\ the simple phrase
No food coloring allowed.
Couples flood our nation's restaurants, forcing single people back into their homes, where they'll heat up another sad microwavable meal.
Wait, just hear us out. Insects could be the next big thing in food.
It's the ultimate breakfast of champions.
Burgers are all the rage in France, but there's so much more to French food.
Turns out some still hold up. Others prove that kids sometimes have really dumb tongues.
There's a reason for that.
t's possible to feel just as special at home with any of these killer recipes.
Behold, the worst vintage recipes ever made.
Once you get used to the ease and simplicity, there is no going back to anything else.
A vegan spin on sloppy Joes? This may be your first.
To really impress your date, you're going to need to get behind the bar and fix some cocktails.
Make sure you have plenty of friends on hand, both to eat and to be impressed.
In Italy, the coffee is hot and to the point, the mozzarella is fresh and the people eat with gusto.
Buffalo sauce isn't as common as barbecue sauce as a burger condiment, but Buffalo's closing the gap.
Breakfast in the U.S. is a sacred feast that we're absolutely certain we do better than anywhere else in the world.
Chewy or crunchy, chocolaty or nutty, flat or twisted... A cookie is a cookie, but depending on where in the world it originates, a cookie may be called by another name and may look and taste very different from the kind of cookie you're used to.
Since 1928, families have been turning to the trusted name Gerber for their babies nutritional needs. They have graced our pantry shelves and invaded our TV sets with adorable commercials for decades, but how much do you really know about Gerber?
Jamie has an addiction to all things baking, as you'd guess from her blog, My Baking Addiction. She creates all things cookies
Still, what I sampled from among what was left was sensational. The \Free-Radical Assassin\ antioxidant salad was packed
The TV personality was remarkably honest when asked if she thinks she gets other chefs' respect.
To avoid protracted exposure to the elements, choose foods that can be direct grilled in 30 minutes or less -- burgers, steaks
There's really only one worth trying. Sigh.
Limited space, resources, and budget need not preclude you from having a clean, organized, and more user-friendly kitchen.
According to Wes Hagen, 72 varieties of grapes are now grown in this compact appellation. The vast majority of its 2800 planted
The words come from at least half a dozen distinct languages. Up through the 15th century, the Incan empire covered a stretch
They are the clearest expression of our pastry love.
Julia Kramer, Bon Appetit Fifty years ago this Sunday, John, Paul, George, and Ringo gave their first live U.S. television
Carey is extremely talented, her recipes are fresh, flavorful and tastefully created while her photography style is awe-inspiring.
These dishes are sure to light your fire.
Is there anything they can't do?
The views are breathtaking.\u00a0 Valter explains there is both a mountain and maritime climate here, thanks to the proximity
We found 10 variations of guacamole to get your mouth watering and your mind considering the infinite possibilities of guacamole.
They're just like us?
This recipe has forever altered the way we think about casseroles, and it's made us excited about breakfast again.
Lee Schrager and his team have done it again with the likes of Teigen and other celebrity guests making this what many have come to know and love as a socially acceptable \foodgasm.\
Think pork belly, short ribs, flank steak.
Russian food is rich in history and poor in PR.
Here's a favorite, guaranteed to add a splash of sunshine to any winter meal.
Banish your fear of making food too spicy by learning to prep in three different ways.
Here are some of my top picks for foods to watch this year!
Chicago is a city after any foodie's heart, but it can be hard to find places that fit a college budget.
A platter of blistering, toffee-skinned chicken wings clinches it every time.
Oh, you think there's just green and black? That's so cute.
Light a candle, bring the dish to the table with two forks and an herb-y salad for two, and let the world melt away.
If you want the best English pale ale, go to England. If you want a perfect glass of sake, go to Japan. And if you want a mouthwatering pint of any other kind of beer, your best bet might be the Midwest.
About 20 Chick-fil-A aficionados in suburban Chicago braved a snow storm and wind chills dipping below zero overnight Wednesday
Have you ever seen the cuteness that is a baby pineapple?
Think the little morsels of dough in cookie dough ice cream are just flavoring? You'd be wrong.
Think it's the US? Not even close.
If you're into whole milk, you tend to live life to the fullest.
Never fish for another broken egg shell again.
We've got the best recipe for you. No boxes required.
Only my wine pairings take on a whole new meaning when served at home. Because they are whine pairings. And they go something like this.
\I like you an offal lot\ is the best way to say you care.
Probably the fanciest gift you can give someone that doesn't include diamonds.
Surprise your sweetheart for Valentine's Day by making these strawberry shortcake cookies!
A breakfast recipe for many whose dietary restrictions make it tough to find one.
I thought it was completely normal for a burger's contents to spill out of the buns by the second bite.
Here are 13 things you might not have known about Yuengling's superior suds.
I offer you two radically simple approaches to dinner tonight.
Sugared dried coconut flakes were what one put in and on things in North America back then to render them fancy, to signal
Was there a good black and white cookie out there, or was it just another urban food myth?
While some of these beverages contain enough sugar to induce a diabetic coma in a Shetland pony, others made our naughty list for more surprising reasons -- like magnificent levels of cholesterol.
If you drank too much last night, you can make today a lot less horrid by avoiding these foods.
Understanding what makes American food American is a task best initiated by considering the diet of Thomas Jefferson\u2019s slaves.
Make one of these decadent chocolate recipes, all of which are no harder to pull off than a trip to the candy aisle at the grocery store.
Stolen lunches, deciding between a burrito or a sandwich and wondering how many times a week you can eat Chipotle are signs your office lunch is the most important part of your day.
In order of how much we like the label, that is.
Welcome to the eye-opening world of breakfast beer.
This confluence of events -- fewer in-flight meals, more food available in the airports and closer in-flight quarters -- has
How much of a fiend are you?
Just don't expect a picture.
SEE MORE
Say goodbye to dull, limp herbs. Here's how to keep your fresh herbs fresh all week long.
You're just going to pick it out anyway. Let's leave it out altogether.
When you can't decide between bacon or chocolate, have both.
There are very few requirements for a movie night
All the best grilled cheese swag Etsy has to offer.
Chicken noodle has had its day.
The process produces a thin gelatin membrane around a liquid, and the wobbly blob pops in the mouth to release a burst of flavor.
What makes water \spa water\ exactly? Come find out.
Before each game, players are faced with the decision of what they're going to put into their bodies in order to make sure they're properly fueled up for the Herculean task ahead. So what exactly do that eat? We tracked down answers from 10 professional football players
This delicious vegetarian chili is made dark and mysterious with a touch of semisweet chocolate and cinnamon. Chocolate and cinnamon are used together in several Mexican dishes. Small roasted florets of white cauliflower turn a simple idea into something that looks really dramatic.
Quick
Remember the silly SoBe Lifewater dancing lizards of 2008 or the ridiculous 'Where's Herb?' Burger King ads?
This is such a different recipe I knew I had to share. It's also a recipe you can customize for your family. You see that's
The big news from Argentina this week is that the central bank has allowed the peso's currency to fall against the dollar
Just because you worked late doesn't mean you don't deserve a satisfying, home-cooked dinner.
Plowing through the salty, crunchy, carb-heavy snacks that Super Bowl parties are notorious for will leave you feeling like a linebacker come Monday morning. Not awesome. So, let's talk game day strategy:
As Chinese New Year arrives, I yearn for those moments around the family dining table.
You'll never look back.
We've tracked down 12 of the wildest non-traditional chicken wings in America.
We have nine amazing drinks that you and your friends are sure to love more than just a six-pack of beer.
Somehow this doesn't surprise us.
You can thank us later when your couch doesn't have buffalo wing sauce stains all over it.
Any of these seem familiar?
They'll be very soft when they first come out -- don't worry, they firm up quick. But you'll never want a different peanut butter cookie.
Fix one of these cocktails at your Super Bowl party, and no matter which team wins, you'll be a champ.
These are the tastiest chicken wings in America, straight from the menus of some of the country's hottest kitchens.
After reading this you might not bother to ever buy a bottle of vanilla extract again.
We couldn't help but think about improving our food photos -- so we consulted an expert.
From beer-spiked pretzels to porter-braised pork, here's what we'll be making.
These nachos are so sinful; it's hard to stop eating them even when you're way past being full!
And it doesn't look so hot.
Just embrace it.
Cook your eggs however you like -- slightly older eggs will help your peeling efforts, but using them is not necessary -- and cool them down. Fill up a separate, clean bowl with room temperature water.
I never had much of a sweet tooth for cookies or chocolate but I was always obsessed with Asian desserts.
These photos even surprised us.
They are no longer a thing for children. Cupcakes are serious business.
Grilled cheese is good, but you can make it even better.
Your love of buffalo chicken doesn't have to be limited to wings thanks to these Super Bowl-friendly recipes that pack some
We are forever indebted.
Just keep the celery out of it, okay people?
From a single olive to two pints of mint chocolate chip ice cream.
Jack in the Box today introduces the Bacon Insider, the first burger patty made with ground beef and bacon from a major burger chain.
There is bacon IN the burger.
When it comes to manners, what passes for polite in Poland might be taboo in Djibouti.
\Many recipes tell you to add the juice to the rest of your ingredients in your shaker, but don't do it.\
There is a trickle of good wines coming into the American market and they are priced to compete with other Latin American wines.
Throw a Super Bowl party to remember with these easy recipes and tips for a winning weekend.
Your favorite snacks have been elevated beyond the stuff of everyday sustenance.
This lobster dip will satisfy the \bowl\ aspect of this time honored championship game.
Aside from oil burns or exploding canisters filled with pressurized churro batter, obviously.
This delicious vegan dinner idea is just about as nutritious as you can get and has a flavor both kids and adults love.
Have a heart, or have a dozen.
Since it's almost Super Bowl Sunday, what good would this blog be without a recipe for guacamole?
Here in the US of A, we take our icons pretty seriously... especially when those icons are covered in cheese and chili.
There are easy ways to make food for friends that only require a bit of time in the kitchen and here are some suggestions.
This is a perfect winter soup
Multiple national surveys have been conducted about GMO labeling and the consumer's right to know what's in our food. The results have been fairly consistent
Pizza, hamburgers, hot dogs and Oreos. We love these foods. It's mind-blowing the millions and billions of gallons and pounds we eat of each every year.
Is it the cinnamon buns or the pizza that makes shopping malls bearable?
It's all about the heat.
That Super Bowl Sunday must end with a winner and a loser is a foregone conclusion. That it has to end with a belly ache from too many trips to the junk food buffet isn't.
These eleven unique ice cream flavors have excited, disgusted, and inspired ice cream consumers around the world.
We love nachos so much, we want to invent a new kind every month.
It's always a good time for a biscuit.
It all starts with that musty, grassy odor. People claim to love it, but that IPA stench hits my nose like a Christmas tree that drenched itself in expired Pine-Sol, then went out clubbing.
Before being diagnosed with celiac disease, I baked a lot and even dreamed of opening up my own bakery. After my diagnosis, however, I immediately shied away from the oven. In preparation for my return to my amateur kitchen, I met with the ladies at Ovenly to discuss how they got their start baking.
A slice of cake with a cup of tea is nice. But a piece of earl grey cake is even better.
They take their beef very seriously at Takashi.
Ouch.
Sure, you bought some wings and guacamole and maybe even made your own sliders -- but don't you want this year to stand out? Don't worry, because we have the ultimate party for you.
Since when did eating fresh guacamole in the dead of winter become an inalienable right?
It's so cute, but it's also breaking our hearts.
Move over, quinoa.
If one glass is never enough, just drink the bottle.
And who would say no to a buttery hug?
Roasted cauliflower? Been there, done that. But roasting a whole head of cauliflower? Now we've got your attention.
Bread pudding is exactly what we're craving to warm our chilled bones and add a touch of sweetness to our lives. Women have
Slumber parties are a rite of passage for kids, just like hosting one is for moms newly initiated to the habits of 9-year
Joke's on you, water bottle haters.
Baby, it's cold outside. The East Coast is looking at another 10 inches of snow and freezing temperatures, which means school
It looks as insane as it sounds.
The only thing kids love more than pancakes is pancake art. We're not talking about blueberry smiley faces either. Thanks
It's one of the most unique flavor profiles out there, but where do you start?
Black bean brownies may sound extremely unappealing, but I can assure you they are phenomenal. You will not notice the black beans in these, I promise.
The vast majority of wine in Argentina is extremely inexpensive. For many years, before Argentina began to export wine in
You're a hot-sauce-on-almost-everything kind of person. But if you've gotten to the point where food is simply a vehicle
This chocolate-hazelnut spread is a slightly grown-up version of the one you may be familiar with.
Popcorn or candy? It's the classic dilemma.
In case you'd run out of food-related nightmare fuel, Reddit made you some more.
This condescending glass could save you from a few embarrassing nights.
Homemade chicken broth from scratch is the basis for almost everything I believe in. It's so simple and easy, so valuable, so healing, and so freaking delicious.
We eat (/impress the hell out of our friends) with our eyes first.
You're just here to have a good time, man, and we all really like you.
In many parts of the world, cooking on an indoor hearth remains a living art.
Between tending the plants, cutting back the roses, cruising the art marts online and on foot, and catering parties from Bel Air to Malibu, who has time to toot his own horn about those yummy sausages?
While they might be well and good on their own, they really just don't work atop a pizza.
Don't eat another bad veggie burger.
Don't pass it off as just another trend -- there's a reason it won't go away.
If it's not already, your muffin pan should be your new best friend. Watch the video and learn a ridiculously easy DIY taco
Yes, please!
In each bite I can taste the olive grove and its bright sun-kissed fruit.
Are you sure you should eat that? Neither are we.
Let your za'atar flag fly.
But we still want to eat a slice. (Or two.)
Some of us look at this and see a beautiful flower. Some of us see a terrible spider.
We're willing to bet that you yourself are committing some of these mistakes too.
I believe in selective indulgence. After enjoying your healthy lunch or dinner, you can end with a lighter dessert
There are several types of liquor that are very difficult to use in cocktails -- even for pros like me. So I offer you a \my way or the highway\ set of rules for turning these different alcohols into delicious cocktails.
The Rob Roy cocktail is overlooked by many, but this Scotch-based cousin of the Manhattan is really simple to make and delicious.
I noticed that our conversation weaved in and out of each bite and sip, seamlessly and fluidly like a perfectly choreographed dance. Since that evening I haven't viewed food's relationship with life through the same eyes.
It's mysterious, it's delicious, and it's been evolving ever since the California Gold Rush.
Would you try them?
There are some things you can buy guilt-free and pack away for the apocalypse without worry of spoilage at all.
In order to help raise the bar, we've been noting the bartender behavior that bothers our nearly 400,000 Facebook fans the most over the past few months. You just may be surprised by their responses.
We've decided to track down 17 of the best Tiki temples in the U.S. Then we drank a lot of rum.
This is the dish that will win over anyone -- even my red-blooded, manly-man boyfriend was floored after taking just one bite.
Get out your hammer -- it's time to crack open some coconuts.
Your cocktails will thank you.
Keep them happy and warm in the kitchen with these simple and delicious recipes.
Quite possibly the best peas and asparagus I've ever had -- and they weren't even in season.
Sorry Cheerios, you didn't make the cut.
Hint
It worked for Aunt Sadie; it'll work for you. Even if you're not sick (yet), it'll taste mighty good.
When we heard this thick homemade caramel sauce had only one ingredient, we didn't believe it.
Chuck E. Cheese elicits a flood of memories. Thing is, I wasn't remembering my own childhood; I was remembering my trip at the end of December 2013.
We promise the words \divine\ and \heaven\ will come to mind before \gluten-free.\
And stay for the beer.
They're scrapping the bottom of the barrel in acceptability.
Pickled Banana Peppers are a delicious topping on more than just sandwiches.
Get ready to celebrate this year's Best Picture nominees with recipes inspired by each of the nine nominated films.
When not used correctly, these tools  can cause severe damage to you or someone else. We've rounded up some of the most dangerous equipment -- and chances are, you have a few of these in your kitchen.
Don't worry. There's no moose.
2013 was a confusing year in fancy foods trends. Your ramen was broth-less, your chicken charred and your burger had a whole
For an excuse-proof plan to avoid ordering takeout, make the mango salsa ahead of time, buy pre-shredded cabbage, and put the chicken in the fridge to marinate the night before. With a little bit of prep work, home-cooked dinner has never been quicker!
Where do these magical cookies come from?
The recipe couldn't be easier
The winner filled our hearts with happiness, and the loser filled our hearts with rage.
As you will see, a lot comes down to size, storage, counter space and usefulness.
Quality does not just count, it costs, and Nerai delivers it with a panache unique to Greek restaurants in NYC.
(Needs include
From Chinese pork buns to South African souskluitjies.
Aline is a recent fan of Downton Abbey -- she binged watched the first three seasons last year.\u00a0Luckily for her she had seen
Yes, the Draft Beer beans do actually taste like beer, but we're a bit befuddled about our excitement level.
Admittedly, the future of barbecue isn't as weighty as politics or high finance, but it certainly does more to further the cause of human happiness. I believe that 2014 will be another banner year for barbecue.
With chia seed pudding, all you need is your ingredients and a jar -- no cooking required! Simply mix your ingredients together, and let it sit in the refrigerator overnight.
This recipe grew out of a need to satisfy cravings for my favorite childhood cookie.
I love this soup hot, but it's also delicious chilled with extra diced jalape\u00f1o sprinkled on top
Long, long ago, humans were capable of eating lots of things raw. Now, not so much.
This winter, we're fighting back the cold with an old-timey classic, and we mean REALLY old-timey
If your spice cabinet is made up of nothing more than salt, garlic powder and onion flakes, you need to read this.
It requires no power and takes up only as much space as a baby bottle. Game changer.
I don't feel like a monster if I want a candy bar. It's fine. I just eat the damn candy and move on with my life.
I don't know if my willingness-nay, near-enthusiasm-to help slaughter an animal is more surprising or less surprising given that I was a vegetarian for 6-7 years.
We've already perfected our signature prison wine, so it's time to move onto the main course
Treat yourself to these sweet, tiny scallops that are perfectly in season.
It's all potatoes, bacon and melted cheese.
Sorry, we thought we heard you say \quinoa salad.\
Try to squeeze a perfect amount onto a single fry? False.
Why not wrap your hands around a warm glass of this mulled cider, and let the addictive smokiness fill your nostrils and your palate?
Matthew Biancaniello, a bartender and \u201ccocktail chef,\u201d said he feels gloves might set a strange tone. But a new California
So... we suppose all you other toaster innovators can just go home now.
Food is great, but it is by no means perfect.
It is loaded with melted cheese.
If these don't delight your inner child, we don't know what will.
I have sort of a weird obsession with trying to recreate foods in cone form. So far I've created Sweet and Sour Chicken in a Wonton Cone, a Chocolate Chip Cookie Cone, Cobb Salad in a Crouton Cone and a Chicken and Waffle Cone among others.
Whether on pork belly or in pasta or on a light salad, uni can add umami and richness to a variety of dishes.
These brassica family vegetables aren't fashionable. Many Europeans survived on swede during the Second World War, so its association with privation is strong.
Michael Pollan explains why cooking food yourself can make all the difference in bettering your health.
Trying to stuff all your favorite snacks in your purse/pocket before you hit up the movie theatre?
WTF?
Take a stand and vote for your favorite.
Some call it \bum wine\ or \brown bag vino.\ But the cultured call it \fortified wine.\
We've rounded up 10 potential restaurant disasters and explain how to deal with them like a pro.
It's no secret we should all be unplugging now and then to maintain our health and sanity. In fact, unplugging is becoming
Instead of carrying the embarrassment of a spill around with you all day, you can ... wear a bib?
Ditch the jelly and create something new with that old lunchbox comfort.
Don't lose any more sleep over the fate of Little Mikey the Pop Rocks kid -- we've got all the truths and lies right here.
Ninety-nine percent of their words are familiar, with a scattering of foreign loanwords (pancetta, mezcal), but what makes
Tran introduced San Francisco to one of her favorite things to eat using fresh California ingredients and Tran family recipes.
It's apple-y and buttery, with alluring vanilla and brandy aromas if you've added those ingredients.
Sometimes we need our vegetables in bowl-form, piping hot, and eaten, curled up, with a spoon.
Reddit, you've dazzled us again.
There is a whimsical glow to it all that screams decadence mixed with Disneyland, and, to be honest, it has never really been my thing. I decided to give Vegas another go, though, when I continued to hear about its amazing culinary scene.
Beets are so sweet that you can even make brownies with them.
Unless you know where to look...
Bon App\u00e9tit They're everywhere, from our staffers' kitchens to those carefully curated boutique shelves. They're the resourceful
We've found 10 new ones that are even crazier. (Think electricity, sriracha and tobacco.)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, resolutions -- we know, but check out this cheese.
Here are three ingredients that are fine on their own, but are way too often added to other dishes.
From countless Elizabeth Street moms to Hollywood stars, juicing has become the secret beauty weapon of so many lately. And
By 2005, the vineyard plantings on the Murray ranch had grown to 42 acres. His parents, however, were looking to retire, which
We put together a helpful primer for what to avoid when you're hosting a night in.
You're going to save time, save money, and eat more chocolate, too.
The DVDs were on your library reserve list for months and you never gave up hope that you'd be next. You refused to read
A falafel, peanut butter and Sriracha sandwich, to be exact. SWOON.
Yeah, sure. Doesn't look cumbersome at all.
How far would you travel for a great cup of tea?
Here are 15 surprising foods you can -- and sometimes should -- stock in your freezer.
Don't try this at home.
Would a McDonald's burger disguised as a gourmet dish be like hiding an elephant in peacock feathers?
Learn how to make her mother's \carrot-heavy\ marinara sauce.
Your kitchen has some New Year's resolutions, too.
Malbec. Of course, we have to start with Malbec, and the favorite from our tastings in 2013 was the Vina Alicia Brote Negro
No doubt you've been staring at the thing for more than a week now\u2014the fruitcake so-and-so passed off as a gift. Don't hate
Smoke adds character that can turn a basic cocktail into a drink of great depth and distinction.
Cold winter nights call for rich sauces to accompany your favorite dishes. Thyme red wine sauce is a classic pairing for
This is apparently the world's most Googled brisket recipe. It's surprisingly simple
Savory Pumpkin Soup Once, a long time ago, on the Carribean Island of St. John, on the far side of the island in a little
A cookie with the perfect combination of fat, flavor, and comfort. Who needs detox?
Cookbooks are the new black?
Instant queso volcano!
4. After an hour, add the 1/3 cup white flour, the baking powder, baking soda, and salt. OK, here goes
This stalk is worth your time.
Want to read more from HuffPost Taste? Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest and Tumblr. But even with 100 recipes and
Mix up a batch or two of these superb cocktails, throw on your heels, and let the awards season begin!
Some of it's actually pretty damn good, and could easily be sold as Nine-to-Eleven-Buck Chuck.
This wintry version of pesto is robust, but just as luxurious as the classic basil sauce. Indeed, kale lends itself marvelously to making pesto! And the sauce is quick to make -- all that's needed is to blanch the hardy leaves for a few minutes before making the sauce... and voila!
I like to think of making granola as more along the lines of a delicious and rebellious takeover.
Dearest guacamole and hummus, they don't love you like I love you.
This was the freshest, most flavorful salsa I have ever had, and I have had a great deal of salsa in my life.
Unless you've lost use of your taste buds, you understand the dilemma of eating healthy. With all the french fries, brownies
There are still a handful of restaurants left in the country that require men to wear a jacket.
You've seen 'Women Laughing Alone with Salad,' but you're not prepared for this.
Seafood is classically paired with white wine, but what if you just want a cold beer to go with your crustaceans?
You can sense the difference in the cooking here even before tasting it.
For one, it gave us whipped cream. We're forever grateful.
Is there anyone who reads a cookbook in its entirety?
The best places in the country for this cutting-edge cuisine.
For someone who is inclined to overkill (me), it takes an act of considerable willpower to keep from adding to this dish.
I discovered this bioluminescent edible a few months ago and have been waiting for the perfect time to share. With everyone
Hooray for lousy weather, and hooray for Irish stew.
Try one of our 20 steamy soup slow cooker recipes to warm your belly on a frosty day.
Congratulations to the geniuses that came up with this one.
Family time growing up meant putting on a suit and eating at La Caravelle, the restaurant my parents ran in New York. It
Today
Gluten-free pasta doesn't have to feel like a sacrifice.
We dined with Lori and Bob Breslauer, restaurant owners based in Seaside Oregon. They know food. They know prep. And most
Bon Appetit's Andrew Knowlton shares the latest in food trends, including balut.
Excuse our inevitable drool.
Man, you guys are weird.
Is Folgers still America's favorite home-brewed coffee or has Starbucks taken over?
Sarah's photographs capture the lively moments in her kitchen and she writes with equal poise and skill.
Drink it to cope through the long, cold months of winter.
I'm always looking for recipes that put fall and winter flavors like butternut squash to work in vegetarian fare.
When you examine the larger landscape, it is clear that the one-time dominance of Cantonese food in the United States has receded.
You're probably reeling a little bit from the Thanksgiving to New Year's Eve stretch; it was a cocktail and hors d'oeuvres
Marcia points out that the winery, designed by architect to the Napa Valley stars, Howard Backen, has been situated\u00a0to take
A life without freshly-made whipped cream is not a life worth living.
Herewith, our favorite dishes of 2013. And, for the first time ever, we're including a handful of drinks that wowed us, too.
If you're going to be lazy, at least be nice.
It might be hard to imagine, but there was a time when nachos didn't exist. Or hamburgers.
Please, just keep the kimchi sealed until after noon.
No, yes, you read that correctly. You can make cotton candy with your hands.
17 of our favorite handmade odes to \Hipster Ketchup.\
You know you've got a Miamian in front of you when they take down more cafesitos than you can count.
We'll drink granola beers or holy water beers. Hell, even garlic beers. But gluten-free beers? Gulp. Do we have to?
It's nice to cook in a kitchen stocked with every culinary trinket imaginable, but even if you don't have specialized cooking
The next time you're in charge of the cake, skip stressing out over fussy icing techniques and embellish it yourself using
Allow me to explain what Finland seems to be to me. In one word
We traveled to Mexico City, Hidalgo, Oaxaca and Chiapas for two weeks of documenting various food stories.
High dollar and high quality 'super premium' products are showing up in our regular supermarket freezer sections.
Across the ocean, far away there lies a magical city that puts Brooklyn, San Francisco and all other major capitals of hip-ness to shame. Some call it paradise. Others the new Shangri-La. You can call it Berlin.
High in protein, vitamins and minerals, bugs are very healthy for you. So... should we?
For as long as I can remember, the global turkey and ham conspiracies have worked hard to sell hundreds of millions of turkeys and hams to a populace convinced that the holidays are synonymous with these foods. This year, I had a flash of insight.
That's quite a list.
Behold, the worst salad recipes that history has to offer.
Dear everyone, please just use milk.
Makes 4 large flatbreads 1 teaspoon salt For the dough
Your dinner plate is going global in 2014. While donuts are still high on our radar and increasingly used as sandwich bread
The average restaurant-goer in the U.S. tips twice as much as their UK-foodie counterpart. So, why are Brits half as grateful (or demanding) as Americans when it comes to service?
It is an area that has been growing grapes since Roman times and the source of some of the world's greatest Merlot and Cabernet Franc based wines.
They need to be stopped.
So you popped the cork on too many bottles this holiday season -- here's what to do with it.
Many Americans greet the New Year with a resolution to be more healthful, and it appears some restaurant chains are doing the same. More poultry -- especially turkey -- is coming onto menus as the calendar turns over.
Favorite Ridiculously Expensive Spirits
We suggest you add these five spirited goals to your list.
The robust new Harlem Restaurant Renaissance that includes Red Rooster, the 5 and Diamond, Corner Social and Vinateria has been joined and by by two important newcomers -- Minton's and its adjacent restaurant The Cecil
A salted caramel always makes for the ideal winter fix. With a few tips from the BA Prep School, you can have homemade caramel candies in your dessert arsenal.
Strategize some meals with foods that are proven to help rev up your metabolism.
There's no way I'd survive a diet of dull foods, so I pack the cleanse with bold, fresh flavors.
We love vegetables, but we've been neglecting our sweet tooth.
Don't let a couple of crazy vowels stand between you and delicious cheese.
if you're expecting me to say that barbecue just isn't what it used to be, guess again. It's better! A new generation of pit masters have -- choose your metaphor -- taken the tongs, relit the torch -- turning out smoked meats worthy of our barbecue founding fathers.
If you're dropping a bundle on some curdled milk, you better make sure to keep it as fresh as possible for as long as possible.
Even the daintiest eaters can make a mess with a juicy burger.
Soup isn't just food, it's a statement of love. Pick a good one.
From Orville Redenbacher to Marie Callender, from Wendy's to Mrs. Fields.
The greens you plan to eat in 2014 can tell us a lot about you as a person.
Let's make this year the most delicious one ever!
Bacon, sriracha, Yelp, cronuts -- we think we're all about ready to move on.
If you're ready to drink the herbal infused Kool-Aid, allow me to give you some tips that will ensure a happy relationship for you and your culinary love. I'll also highlight some common misconceptions. There will be no recipes though.
Just because they aren't the fanciest doesn't mean they aren't delicious.
New Year's Eve is almost here, and many of us will be in charge of heralding in the New Year with a compulsory toast. Before you spend one more moment of time worrying about how you'll propose a toast, follow these tips and start the New Year off on the right foot.
This year a lot happened to the Accidental Locavore and in the spirit of a year-end round-up, here's a look back at some
If you're going to splurge, well then, splurge, and enjoy a luxurious trip while flying on one of these airlines and delighting
A recent winter's night was the celebratory kind, the dinner after our last board meeting of the year. It's been a great
On any given night there're plenty of types of terrible people in bars, but NYE is a special powder keg.
Here are some fun and weird facts about Christmas foods that might have you rethinking your own holiday menu and traditions
The key to making your party even more fabulous, even more memorable? Sabering champagne.
This chocolate mousse is explosive.  A total show-stopper.
Intriguing, disturbing and awesome things about the foods and drinks we consume every day.
Two stars of my Holiday Champagne Buyers Guide this year--Serge Mathieu and Chartogne-Taillet--are grower-producers whose
2014 is going upscale, guys.
When standing in front of a wide selection of frozen chicken fingers, the options can be overwhelming. But we've done the
A dessert with certain proportions, certain subtleties, it's a classic that's rarely messed with for good reason.
Why not up the ante with a sparkling cocktail?
Editors and friends consumed a ton of meals in messy whirlwinds of unfettered gluttony.
This should be remembered as one of the best years ever for pizza.
Here are the dishes that every Persian knows and loves, so you can learn them.
What's New Year's Eve without popping the cork on a bottle of bubbly?
Because being able to make hot chocolate with any kind of chocolate -- and any kind of dairy -- makes you a superhero this
What if foodies weren't horrible?
It's taste test time!
Ask for 1/2 Protein A and 1/2 Protein B. You only get charged for one portion of the more expensive protein. However, many places give you 3/4-1 scoop of A and B (essentially giving you double protein).
Bristol Farms
Four words to help you take your New Year's Eve bash over the top
Twinkie, ramen, and Cronut buns. 2013 was more than a slightly ridiculous year in the burger creation game.
5 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened Maple Brown Sugar Glaze \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0 1 tablespoon fresh sage, minced Photos by Tom Hirschfeld
I seasoned everything - more salt and pepper, plus thyme (rosemary or sage would have been other options) - and put the pan
From a 17-foot gingerbread ship docked at The Ritz-Carlton to a life-size gingerbread house at Mohegan Sun in Uncasville, Conn., to a life-size gingerbread carousel at Disney's Yacht and Beach Club Resorts, The Daily Meal  has found the 12 most outrageous gingerbread displays of 2013.
If the holidays could be condensed into a single baked good, I think it would be a ginger snap.
Few kitchen mishaps are as disheartening as when your cake gets stuck in the pan. You know you nailed the recipe, the house
Your holiday dessert table will never be the same. Stretch the limits of your sweet tooth with these unique takes on Christmas
Pie season is officially at peak season. Can you even recall a holiday party you've hosted or attended recently that didn't
There's always something to celebrate -- do so with something beautiful and delicious.
You usually discover that your brown sugar has hardened around midnight, long after the kids are asleep and grocery stores
There are some days when you're celebrating a big promotion, or a victory, or a recent tax rebate, and you decide to splurge and pop open an expensive bottle of Champagne to celebrate. New Year's Eve is not one of those days.
A few wrong selections and you could be sending the complete wrong message.
Love bread? Need a lamp? We've got you covered.
When it comes to candy making, there's nothing simpler or more satisfying than chocolate bark.
The votes have been tabulated, and we are pleased to announce the 15 best Tex-Mex chain restaurants in America.
From a guide to kitschy tiki bars that are still open to 10 awesome distilleries that all drinkers should visit.
By Robert Manni for GalTime.com Let's face it. Guys don't like \the talk.\ In fact, most guys don't like discussing their
Sugarplums, stollen, and Christmas pudding. What exactly are these foods? We're breaking it down for you.
We're not going to lie; it's coming down to the wire if you're still searching for Christmas presents.
Winter Jack is a cider-laced, cold weather warm-up in a cup.
What was his name? JEAN-LUC!
This holiday season, satisfy your taste buds and impress your evening guests with these delicious and totally healthy starters.
In case you need to smell burger-y goodness all day long.
One of the oldest and best known Chianti Classicos is Castello di Gabbiano, whose label is recognizable from its parti-colored knight.
It's unrealistic to expect that you won't indulge more than usual over the holidays. Being mindful of what you consume, including what you drink, is one way you can stay on track with your weight management goals this holiday season.
I opened the large white carton with curiosity and anticipation, feeling very much like Pandora innocently opening the mysterious box only to release what should have stayed safely under lock and key. 'This could be my downfall,\ I breathed silently.
We've all been there
We all want to bring the best, most raved-about dishes to our holiday parties, which is why we often spend all day in the
We love recipes -- but do we always use them? Of course not. Kenzi Wilbur shows us how to make boozy party punch with whatever is lingering in your liquor cabinet.
You forgot about the party. It happens. But that's no excuse to go empty handed. Watch this video to learn how to shop your
If you're still working on your holiday shopping list and need a little help, check out this video for an easy DIY granola
Holiday fun goes mobile this year with awesome apps for families that put a modern spin on traditional activities. Check
Everyone makes them. Everyone breaks them. I'm talking, of course, about New Year's resolutions, but if you're a die-hard barbecuer or griller, you have a leg up on the population at large.
If you're racking your brain to find the perfect teacher gift, sit the kids down for a little DIY action. All you need is
For many people, the holiday season is about more than just religion. It is a time to contemplate the morals we value as
Everyone has an Italian restaurant you call your own, and, for its location, its warmth and conviviality and its wonderful food, Olio e Pi\u00f9
You're stumped
It takes a keen eye and a bit of restraint in order to decline the offerings and keep your costs low.
Not feeling the holiday spirit? We think you should get cake anyway.
The IPA is the once and current king of craft brews.
So, maybe it's not the season itself, but the little things that don't happen during these darker months. Without lots of
Winter is coming to the United States, which means summer is coming to Argentina.
The Garards began organizing other wine events under the name Grapes for Great Causes. The Garards absorb the events' administrative
In case you missed these pieces earlier this year, now is your time to catch up!
OK, so it's eleven whiskies for $150 or less -- I had to include a high-priced ringer in case you're feeling flush and/or generous.
So many turkeys. So many headless women.
Facing a wall of malts can be very stressful. How do you find the perfect present?
More from Liquor.com
We've put together a drinking plan that goes from Christmas Eve through the end of the holiday! It's our gift to you.
We've been celebrating the 25 Cocktails of Christmas by posting a festive holiday cocktail recipe each day in the month of December.
So chefs David Chang, Andy Ricker and Carlo Mirarchi walk into a bar... While the event ain't cheap (reservations start at
Don't panic, let us explain.
Get ready for a trip to Pleasure Town.
Ramen, mac & cheese, and free office snacks. These are food necessities when you're eating on a serious budget.
It's not a coincidence that it kind of sounds like 'cloud fruity.'
Candied citrus peel is among the simplest, least expensive, and most beautiful such gifts.
Gather your favorite little Whos for a holiday party in homage to the Dr. Seuss Christmas classic.
These are the exceptional ingredients that are inspiring our cooking -- and drinking -- and solving dinner dilemmas left and right.
Some things we'll just never understand.
Welcome in the holiday season with this traditional French cake.
It's Christmas. Show a little effort.
The simplicity of this dish is striking. It is just cooked beans on a plate topped with a piece of fish.
This isn't so much a recipe as it is a discussion because let's face it, we're not reinventing the wheel over here -- we're making grilled cheese, which is exactly that... melted cheese on toast. We're not going to toss around some ridiculous food jargon like \artisanal\ or \organic,\ because trust me, there's nothing \guilt-free\ about this.
The Christmas Eve meal is all about eating fish -- seven different kinds in fact.
Some limits and concrete scope are good for the innovator, culinary and non-culinary alike.
It's the ideal pie for me when I have a dozen other holiday dishes that need to be made.
Here are the greatest, booziest bars that opened in the U.S. in 2013.
Bone marrow has grown in popularity at restaurants across the country.
Sure, his alias is St. Nick, but don't be fooled by the ho-ho-hos.
This is probably a sign that the end is near.
Four dishes done, three more to go. The feast of seven fishes, can become quite a show. Along the way, things could get bumpy
This year, in lieu of store-bought gifts, I thought it would be fun to create homemade treats for friends and family.
Please, for the love of all that is holy, let's stop this madness.
Behold, 5 delicious things that warmed my soul and filled my tummy.
For a holiday so steeped in tradition, we really can't agree on what to eat for dinner.
A good Cuban meal cooked by my mom. If I can't get that, there's a hole-in-the-wall Cuban place in New York that I love. I'd
This macaroni and cheese recipe is awash with comforting Iberian flavors -- deep, rich, full tastes that put the \heart\ in hearty.
Beets might be a vegetable, but they are inherently sweet and lend themselves marvelously to this Bellini.
Eggs, probably... right?
Pizza is one of the most widely eaten foods in the country, and it's easy to see why.
Grab your torches. We're making cr\u00e8me br\u00fbl\u00e9e.
It's that time of year
Imagine the looks on your family's faces when you walk out of the kitchen carrying a whole steaming pumpkin.
Milk can't save you from turning up at a holiday party with tough, flat or, worse, fugly cookies.
Your holiday table is where new traditions meet old and there's no better place to express that moment than in your menu
The holidays consume so much of our brains this time of year, especially since this season feels rushed thanks to a late
Don't worry, getting poisoned by them is gonna take some effort.
From kale to cronuts, the biggest food crazes of 2013.
We don't mean those huge blow-up lawn ornaments or those questionably colored Christmas lights.
The best bar in America isn't a bar at all. It's the great outdoors.
\And BOOM, check it out, meat hanging out of your sandwich.\
Which flavor is your favorite?
Just in time for the holidays, I asked the revered pastry chef about her holiday traditions.
Stumped on what to buy that barbecue fanatic on your holiday list?
The perfect cookbook for all kinds of eaters.
Get into the holiday spirit and send some fabulous packages all tied up with strings.
I thought it wise for all you conscientious party throwers out there to know about some healthier options.
Here are chef-recommended ideas for online food gifts from Find. Eat. Drink. that you can have delivered to your doorstep
The end-of-year holiday-season... is a time to spend with the people you love the most and to enjoy delicious food.
There are things that cupcakes do not need to be made of.
Think you've heard them all? Think again.
10. Waring Pro Blender
For all the drama around this holiday drink, I'll bet you don't know the first thing about its origins.
Who wouldn't want candy for breakfast?
Why the name Big Girl Sippy Cups?\u00a0 \You can put any kind of big girl beverages in it and no one will know,\ says Anna.\u00a0 They've
Tell us
Is there any better concept for an eatery?
Mix, roll, freeze, slice, decorate, and gift the season's crispiest, crumbliest, most delicious treats before the holidays even begin.
From slicing a pork loin to dicing a pineapple, knowing how to work with knives is critical to success in the kitchen.
So delicious, deep and aromatic, you might want to eat the whole batch in one go.
You really just can't be a picky eater if you want to gain any respect from your elders. There are chicken feet on the table!
Asia's Best Pastry Chef talks about being a woman in the restaurant business, Dim Sum, and pairing chocolate with caviar.
The style is crisp and compelling, as is the case with Jon's Chronicle features.
For more from Maria Rodale, visit www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com I'm not going to name names, or name-drop, but let me
Knowing how to be prepared for the unexpected is one of the hallmarks of a great hostess. During the holidays, you might
Grilled cheese is one of life's great comfort foods. Warm and stringy, it's best served right off the grill. Watch Chef Stuart
This warm and comforting classic cocktail will cure what ails you.
'Tis the season for giving -- and accumulating random coffee mugs and paper weights. While it is the thought that counts
Even if you're not a practiced couponista, you've probably got a pile of coupons swimming at the bottom of your purse now
Happy Hot Cocoa Day, everyone!
Looking for the best Christmas cocktails? You've found them.
It seems like the '90s were full of products that came and went.
Probably the best way to wear wine all over your face.
How to scramble eggs in a sock? Sure. How to make nerdy cakes? Not so much.
Here they are (with a neat checklist) in all their gastronomical glory.
(There's A LOT more chocolate!)
I think this -- along with the risotto-like pasta technique -- is actually a way to improve on a classic that is just so close to perfect.
Sorry, other herbs. Today is dill's day.
How about something edible or even better? Let's put a little oomph and pizzazz into the gift giving this season.
Like a colorful, prancing, song-singing unicorn, there is objectively nothing not to love about a Scotch egg.
Hot sauce fans rejoice!
Think green tea Twinkies. Cinnamon Twinkies. Dulce de leche Twinkies!
It's holiday party season. Get your dip game in order.
Here is a hint
These were the first state cookie ever designated in America, so you know they're good.
These are places where it's not just the food that is cutting-edge.
No one likes to miss out on a special dessert.  Practicing dessert awareness can help with this not-so-serious issue.
Don't be one of these monsters!
Are you trustworthy? Would you be a good employee? Should someone marry you?
You probably don't know how to eat apples, peel bananas, or properly use takeout boxes. Shame on you.
The ingredients that adorn the top -- dark chocolate, coconut, and pecans -- provide satisfying zip as you bite into a serving.
You should know exactly how to break the most common rule of cookie making.
In its continuing effort to spread the love of authentic Italian cooking to the American masses, Olive Garden is making ... a burger.
Long before Downton Abbey made tea time trendy on-screen or Starbucks got into the tea business, the women in my family began one of its most beloved holiday traditions.
Those bubbles are so festive, we toast our hearts out with them, then abandon the flutes in favor of still wine when dinner appears.
How does that joke go? \How can you tell if someone is a vegan/vegetarian? Don't worry, they'll tell you.\ Of course, not
We're cringing about what 2014 might bring.
NERD ALERT.
We've gathered together 10 dishes, along with their origins, that you'd be hard-pressed to find in China.
With enough denial, alcohol and fat can cancel each other out.
Here's a cheat sheet of the phrases aspiring food entrepreneurs shouldn't be without.
Roasting requires only a few simple steps that will ensure a delicious end result every time.
How could everyone not love a woman of the curd?
In a very difficult year for restaurants of all types, burger joints are doing just fine, thank you.
For more food drink and travel videos visit www.potluckvideo.com Americans like to assume that Maine lobster is the only
The inspiration for this recipe arose a few years ago, when my mother-in-law gave me a huge bag of freshly picked pecans. I was absolutely delighted of course, but wondered what I would end up making with all these pecans.
Overcook a prime rib, and your reputation as a grill master will combust faster than the Yule log.
With the winter holidays coming up, it's a great time to stock up on wine. Argentine wines are meant for sharing and celebrating, so there are plenty to fit the bill. Here are some of our favorite pairings.
Enjoy the last few days of summer with these addictive zucchini chips! I've given you an easy yogurt dip recipe to go with
Imagine how impressed your dinner party guests would be to have their own mini Chicken Fajita Casserole served in these sweet
Recently, after a trip from a New York City Persian restaurant Elena realized she had she could use to make a delicious and healthy meal for four.
In case you can't handle anything too perky before you've had coffee.
This is the time of year when abundance and dread bleed together ominously under shiny paper wrappings.
It's not ALL about green chile -- just mostly.
Cinnamon rolls like you have never seen them before
If you have a francophile on your gift-giving list, you're in luck. This year saw three terrific new books that celebrate the country where \good Americans go when they die.\
These days, following the family's reacquisition of the house in 2006, I believe the quality of Taittinger's current offerings is at an all time high.
The Communal Dining Thief
Can't get wine shipped to your house?  Blame it on Prohibition.  Can't buy wine on Sunday?  Another legacy of Prohibition.
The main clue to pear ripeness is color. Most pears show a faint yellow background when ready. Anjou and other green ones should give slightly under pressure. Once ripe, the pear's flavor deteriorates quickly.
We're here to change your perception of meatloaf.
We designed a flow-chart to help you navigate this complex situation.
Happy Repeal Day, everyone!
Look who's awesome now, summer squash.
You didn't always use a password to get into a speakeasy.
Milwaukee seems like a really, really great place to drink beer straight out of the pitcher.
There are few treats that are more delicious  than a freshly fried donut.
Four ingredients
What's your favorite white wine?
We're going to live in a world with Coke robots, apparently.
Whatever happened to keeping with tradition?
Danes are making our holidays sweeter than ever. Jeppe Jarnit-Bjergs\u00f8, in particular, is brewing up some celebratory specials.
Sitting back and enjoying the spoils is the best part, but why not make cooking more interesting, too?
Some buy it; some make it. In any event, the tradition is kept alive.
You love your friends, but you're not made of money!
What better way to toast the 80th anniversary of Repeal than with a glass of something locally made?
Somehow even my fussiest friends seem to scoop up that tasty snack, emptying the bowl in what seems like seconds.
Snowball cookies are a holiday treat that are traditionally baked in my home and left for Santa Claus under the tree on Christmas Eve.
This is probably the easiest of all apple pies/tarts to assemble and bake. It is also one of the half dozen best.
Once you go vegetarian, beans, soy and every single vegetable in the entire world become your best friends.
Turkey quickly segues into decoratively iced cookies, eggnog and ham, and before we know it, January 2nd rolls around, and the champagne toasts turn to champagne bloats. But let's rejoice! It's just the beginning, and stuffing, lobster bisque and some eggplant pizza are getting me on track!
What?! It's that easy? Every \professional\ recipe I've seen calls for chilled butter and ice water. I've done a decent job
Spritz cookies might as well be obliterated from the face of the earth.
It's called \Great Odin's Raven Special Reserve,\ and there's a chance it might be real.
Just hearing about the snow storm that has complicated Thanksgiving travel has us dreaming of steamy hot drinks to warm our
A glazed turkey will be the star of your Thanksgiving holiday dinner this year. Sweet and syrupy or with a garlic or citrus
Planning to make your Thanksgiving perfect? Don't forget one little thing
Who do we trust with these kinds of questions? Russian zombie survivalists, that's who.
Along with bacon, breakfast sausage is an indispensable part of any hearty breakfast.
It's science.
Your tipping etiquette isn't just a representation of your inner self.
Today
Overindulging on Thanksgiving is unavoidable, but feeling bloated and puffy doesn't have to be. If Black Friday isn't enough
No bottled char siu sauce required.
Because we've had enough already!
Fancy some sustainable, artisan chicken with a side of seasonal, gourmet greens?
Have you ever thought what else you can use red wine for?
Whatever you think of Julia Child (and I'm a huge fan), it's always fascinating to make one of the recipes from the book. They're smart, well written, well edited and even when they start to get complicated, make sense.
Martha's favorite cakes, what her social media habits are, and what she actually thinks of bloggers.
According to the official website, there are over 250,000 possible ways to order a burger at Five Guys.
It has never been truer that everybody loves a good burger.
From a lunch counter in Brooklyn manned by two guys from Buffalo to a sports bar in Little Rock.
Remarkably, 88 out of 100 people in the U.S. eat turkey on Thanksgiving Day, according to the National Turkey Foundation. So you can safely conclude 88 people out of 100 will be hungering for leftovers on Black Friday, formerly known as The-Day-After-Thanksgiving.
But isn't that what measuring cups are for? For all these years we've been getting along just fine using those dinky cups and spoons, right. Why start now?
The important thing is not \Will this make me fat or help me lose weight?\ The thing of importance, and it's very important, is
It's a delicious way to use a few extra cups of roasted vegetables from your Thanksgiving dinner. My recipe uses three key Cook for Good ideas that can help you sail through the holidays.
What I did always notice about my Dad was something of a fixation on food. At the very end all he really wanted was Haagan Daaz Coffee Ice Cream which was somehow appropriate for a kid who never got all the sweets he wanted growing up.
If they love coffee so much, why don't they marry it?
Once my nephew had a girlfriend from Spain. For the holidays, they brought an escarole and pomegranate salad to dinner that
Why this annual abomination has to go.
We've all got a drink lover in our life
Today's mashed potatoes are the glue that holds any feast together -- we'd just rather they didn't taste like glue.
Gravy
Honestly, I like these veggies; but I would lie down on the train tracks for a potato gratin, a plate of crispy fingerlings, or a slice of Golden Gruy\u00e8re Potato Galette.
Don't worry, Thanksgiving is still pretty awesome for vegetarians.
You've been working hard and watching your diet. You've been on top of your exercise game, hitting the gym, getting your walk on and taking your fitness classes. Then the holiday season pops up and you go H.A.M. and all that hard work and discipline goes out the door. Sound familiar?
Consider this your emergency Thanksgiving stress survival kit.
I have enjoyed the recent vintages of Charles Krug, Continuum and Michael Mondavi Family Wines that I've sampled, and look forward to tasting and reporting on those projects further as well as on what the fourth generation is up to.
There are tons of ways to take your pie up a notch, without even straying too far from the basics.
Lucia and I shivered as the market was opening up. But soon we warmed up by eating wood-fired pizza (yes, for breakfast!). The
Oyster mushrooms are full of antioxidants, as well as zinc, calcium, folic acid, potassium, and B vitamins. High in fiber
Clarification
Sasha Duerr was a painter, but something in her oil paints was making her sick. She looked to the natural world and found a rich bounty of color that artificially produced paints couldn't begin to duplicate.
I'd been craving escarole in soup for years--hence the long search for organic escarole. There's just something about escarole
Though mashed potatoes seem simple, they're actually pretty finicky, and surprisingly easy to destroy.
My grandmother was one of my greatest influences. Some of my fondest memories are of us in the garden, drawing string lines
My mash-up recipe of choice is subtle and fun
Stuffing and where you cook it is one of the most potentially contentious topics within family Thanksgiving traditions.
We've put together a list of 10 gift ideas for the bar and drink aficionados in your life and save you a trip to the store at the same time.
Of course there will be beer, but if you're not a big fan (no pun intended), I find wine the perfect way to enjoy a game or two.

This simple yet elegant menu can be made mostly ahead of time, so you can enjoy a stress-free, happy Thanksgiving!
You people really love turkey hats, it turns out.
From khichdi in India to chili powder in Mexico, here is our list of 5 first foods that babies around the world go \goo goo gaga\ over.
Is there really any difference between Nutella and its pricier, small-batch counterparts?
Sometimes you want to sit in the dark, watching people playing video poker. Or see a fight.
Whether you're making your own or using a canned variety, here's one way to spice up your cranberry sauce.
Can I make this \once in a lifetime event\ a time to share the fun and warmth of the holidays and still maintain a healthy diet?
With breakfast, Plato got it wrong. Or, perhaps, just backwards. He said the ascending order was thing, then representation
Sweet, nutty and slightly crunchy, they're intensely flavorful tiny packages.
Try out this pie and we promise it will be the hit of your Thanksgiving dessert table.
We're going into butter overdrive.
French toast can't be too eggy, yogurt can't be too watery, the milk can't be one degree away from ice-box cold.
Love it or hate it, this cake definitely wins points for creativity.
When I would see my mother mix soy sauce and sugar into a marinade to pour over well-marbled slabs of short ribs, I knew something good had happened.
Check out GAYOT.com's Top 10 Kitchen Gadgets to help streamline your most difficult and mundane tasks.
Serve it for Thanksgiving or Christmas as an alternative to turkey gravy.
It's not unusual for us to ask each other, \What's your favorite fat?\ around here.
Having lived in Napa for nine years, and having been a wine lover for many years before that, I've done a fair share of wine tasting. I have yet to taste a flight where every wine was fabulous. Until last weekend.
To squeeze everything we can out of this big opportunity, here are a few ways to make your Thanksgiving/ Hanukkah mash up a \Channu-copia\ of great-tasting fun!
There are 8 nights of Hanukkah and EVEN WE can only eat so many latkes and jelly doughnuts.
Wherever you are spending the holidays this year, it is always a nice touch to walk through the door with a gift for your host.
The result? Creamy, guilt-free mashed potatoes with the subtle and rich flavor of garlic confit. I call that something to celebrate!
Its name is Defiant and we are in love.
If someone you know would be pleased with a lump of (char)coal in his or her stocking -- someone who loves live-fire cooking -- read on.
There is no fancy cake or pastry that this humble loaf can't beat, for brunch or for snack.
Just noshing on the housemade bread and grissini sticks is reason enough to come by.
Okay, well almost.
For example, did you know that its founder, Fred DeLuca, started the company when he was only 17 years old?
The cake reflects my desire to skip ahead to December, taking a break from baking pies.
Tired of spending your holiday cooking and cleaning? Why not dine out this Thanksgiving?
A day off from school can be a blessing or curse depending on when you catch a mom. After friends have gone home and the
Thanksgiving may be a national holiday but New England's stronghold on the menu has existed since 1621. If you remember your
Bread might be one of the more perfect foods, managing to feel essential and indulgent all at once. It survives trends and
Just because the Pilgrims spent a week gorging themselves at the first Thanksgiving celebration doesn't mean we have to over
Soup can make you healthier, smarter and prettier. We've all heard of soup's ability to fight colds, but can it really make
Why not wipe the cutting board clean and take a whole new look at what's worth pouring?
What stuff are you firm about keeping in the fridge regardless of the rules?
You know the difference between sinkers and floaters, and which one you prefer.
If it's a good squishy loaf, I can eat it all in one sitting. And, please, hold the crust.
Big birds don't always mean better birds. We've super-sized our domesticated turkeys, giving them health problems along with
Yo I need to speak on something that's been bothering me for a minute... and I'm sure it's bothering many of y'all reading this
The 9 Best Bloody Mary Recipes The very first definition for \cocktail\ ever published, way back in 1806, calls it \a stimulating
How much chocolate is lethal for humans?
What will Frito-Lay's next-big-thing be?
What's a McDonald's burger look like after it's been in someone's pocket or 14 years? You'd be surprised.
Indian restaurants have come a long way from the mid-1960s, when the first significant wave of immigrants arrived.
The culinary expectations of mice are on the rise -- don't expect these rodents to get out of bed for less than truffle mac and cheese.
From meatballs to biscuits, no dish is safe.
It's Hanukkah and Thanksgiving, so we really only have one choice. We're deep-frying that sucker.
The pilgrims drank wine, the Indians drank wine, and you should drink it too.
Unless you are a member of Congress, this recipe is difficult to screw up.
\Champagne goes with everything.\ Right, but...
Dylan's Candy Bar made you Candy Crush Candies (that sentence made our brains sugar-crash).
ook around you and notice how all those pumpkin-spice based foods are vanishing and being replaced with something else
Yes, you read that correctly.
This incredible country has a lot more than tagines, spice markets and mint tea... although it has those too.
Wes Mickel honors the great tradition of the beverage he's sharing with the world.
After three years of blogging about food I thought it was time to get in front of the camera and film my first video recipe.
Boy, that was one big cauliflower Jackie and I hauled back from the farmers' market a couple of weeks ago.
If money were no object, what would you drink?
Sure, it looks beautiful, but properly tying up your bird also helps promote even cooking by achieving uniform density.
Laura Wright from The First Mess walks us through the ins and outs of homemade sweet potato chips.
Americans may say \A day without orange juice is like a day without sunshine\ but the Argentineans say, \A day without beef is unthinkable!\
I am constantly surprised at how many men still actively avoid the kitchen.
It won't happen again for another 70,000 years. It's go-time for Thanksgiving/Hanukkah mash-ups.
For all of you out there struggling with what to put on the turkey day table that's not turkey, I put together a list of dishes that my ideal vegetarian Thanksgiving dinner would include. Bring on the creamed spinach and sweet potatoes.
Good stuff exists. Here's where to get it, and what it means to drink it.
The holidays can be a flurry of social engagements, with invitations for cocktail parties, dinner parties, and Holiday and Christmas parties all starting to roll in. And since you're a thoughtful guest, you know not to arrive empty-handed when invited into someone's home.
Sometimes a very simple, easy, healthy, and wholesome soup is what's required--for lunch, for dinner, or for breakfast! (My
By Laura Williams Are you a Duff fan? Share your favorite Ace of Cakes moment with us on Facebook. So yes, he is \that cool
What were the flowers at the first Thanksgiving?
These are ranked based on taste, texture, and appearance.
How did your favorite dish rank?
Just because summer's over doesn't mean it's time to stop eating ice cream.
Pepperidge Farm stuffing has never tasted so good.
Unfortunately, the days of just \dropping in\ to the nearest corner bistro and expecting something amazing are long gone. Here are a few tips to put you on the path to actually eating well, and supporting artisan producers in the process.
There are shloads of foods that are banned stateside, and each state has its own rules and regulations.
Why don't we ever end up seeing these guys at the supermarket? Here's the story.
We know the holidays can be a stressful time. Sometimes the food doesn't turn out right, guests are late, or there's just not enough time in the world to put together the perfect dinner that you envisioned.
Too cold in your neck of the woods for asparagus? No problem, we'll fly it in from Peru. Wrong time of year for peaches? Fear not, New Zealand has a terrific crop they're willing to share. This must be a good thing, right?
When did bartending become a spectator sport?  And how?  And for heaven's sake, why?
Thanksgiving can be a hectic time, especially when you are in charge of preparing the holiday meal.
Don't mess it up, and it will taste better.
There's a reason pumpkin is so popular. Actually, there are a million reasons, and that's my point -- it's so versatile!
Who would have thought that a can of jellied cranberry sauce would provide the perfect medium?
Every year, I ask Santa for a bottle of Pappy Van Winkle bourbon from Kentucky, and every year he comes up empty-handed.
It's just as good at breakfast as with an afternoon coffee or tea, or for dessert, drizzled with warm chocolate sauce.
When tragedy strikes, be ready with a Plan B.
Caramelized apples, the star of this pie, are enveloped in cinnamon pastry cream, with additional caramel sauce drizzled throughout.
There are two ways to become a superior flip cup player.
How could you, Martha?
It has a silky texture and a serenely rich flavor that would be good in \cream\ pies, puddings, shakes and soups.
Next up... perhaps a vegan BBQ cook-off?
The book chronicles Redzepi's ups and downs in 2011, and it's certainly not sugar-coated.
We all want to bring the best, most raved-about dishes to our holiday parties, but a homemade meal doesn\u2019t mean you have
Some of these restrooms very well might merit a visit to the restaurant just to have the opportunity to use it.
Or bite it right off the peel. First of all, dragon fruit is beautiful. You kind of don\u2019t want to eat it just because it
Everything you need to know about this Thanksgiving bird.
The ritual commences. We gather from disparate corners of the globe, overcoming vast geography, our clashing calendars, demanding work schedules, and above all, our battling food preferences. And that's where the comparison to our forefathers begins and ends.
Whether you keep a rough mental list (me) or a meticulously manicured Excel spreadsheet, if you see the kitchen as a creative and adventurous space, you've got a running list of recipes you want to get creative and adventurous with.
Tell me that is not a sandwich you immediately want to stuff into your mouth until it's gone (unless you are vegetarian, and if so, I GOT YOU COVERED).
Thanksgiving is the most distinctly American holiday of the year. (Most countries have their versions of Independence Day, but not a nationally sanctioned holiday dedicated to giving thanks.)
Sorry hot cocoa, you've been replaced by rich, creamy cheese for this season's go-to comfort snack.
It is a rite of passage, for sure, but perhaps not the one you'd expect. The best thing we can say about it is that it entertained
You've probably heard stories about shipwrecks discovered where bottles of wine were found.  Some of the wines uncovered have been 100 years old or more.  There's been interest in what these wines taste like and how well they did -- or didn't age -- in their watery cellars.
You follow a recipe three times, it yields great results, and then you invite people over, make your go-to dish again, and something's off.
The crime was adding chiles to the beer. The punishment was drinking them.
Don't start your day by eating garbage!
Small towns across the country are now celebrated for their passion for food and their timeless mantra that food brings people together.
Whether the producer is one of the great houses -- producing millions of bottles a year -- or a small, grower producer, one can tell at a quick glance that one is in Champagne and not anywhere else in the wine world.
Chocolate, chocolate, chocolate, chocolate, almonds, coconut, coffee, chocolate, marshmallows, chocolate, chocolate, chocolate, chocolate, poultry spices, sushi seasonings, salad vegetables, chocolate. Okay, what doesn't belong in this picture?
Humane veal exists now -- here's what to do with it.
Deep-Dish pizza is a tourists long-awaited first bite, a city transplants new love, yet consistently a Chicagoans last option. Although just as delicious, many Deep-Dish experiences result in a post Deep-Dish coma.
Similar to reverse rocket science, the crew gathered all the candy in the office -- from Skittles to Reese's Peanut Butter Cups -- and wondered what would happen if we pulverized them in the microwave.
Is 'Branches' an actual dish name or a figment of our imagination?
Allow us to introduce the Mini Donut Factory. Our mornings will never be the same.
It's like edible rock and roll.
And we just so happen to have a few favorites...
With a 15 percent growth spurt from 2012, the craft beer industry is vaster and more extensive than ever.
Let's deep fry a turkey. And as long as we're at it, let's deep fry a half dozen or more.
Sure, there are the obvious culinary cultures (French, Italian, Chinese), but the trick is to go off the eaten path.   Ask the odd questions -- What's for breakfast in Botswana? What's for midday meal in Martinique?
We ordered a cappuccino and camel milk latte, each served with a mini camel milk espresso cookie.
This creamy and chocolatey drink makes the perfect nightcap.
Perhaps you've noticed this term sprouting up on cocktail menus across the country.
Why shouldn't the Golden Arches try it?
I wanted to hate it, but this crazy vinegar soda grew on me.
Here's a look at some delicious history.
Lamb stew
Why does doing something healthy have to taste like crap? We thought it was a bluff. And so we embarked on the first-ever Pizza Cleanse.
Nearly 5000 feet Elevation at Adrianna Vineyard \When we started this new project for Argentina, for our winery, our inspiration
Some of them are gems, some of them need to get away from you as soon as possible.
We can't say we're completely surprised.
\f I could go back in time I might pick a different name because it's not entirely accurate anymore. I thought it sounded classy and most of my recipes were savory in the beginning.\
Maybe it was the color, so rosy and mauve, or maybe it was the naturally sweet flavor.
We're setting the spotlight on this French classic.
We've all heard that vitamin C may help shorten the length of a cold, but did you know protein helps build a healthy immune
The phrase \mind altering\ might not conjure up a hot cup of tea but maybe it should. Research has found that tea may play
He is weary. He has been in the sun. He has drunk more than he has bled. He is one and thirty. He made indentures with his
And no, it's not just the cinnamon.
Every day should be National Nachos Day.
Thanksgiving has a reputation for being the most delicious holiday around, but it can also be the most stressful if you're in charge of the meal. We've rounded up 10 recipes from an earthy stuffing to a creamy mash that can be made ahead of time and simply reheated on The Big Day.
Generally speaking, I am an olive oil person. But what about butter? I cook with it so seldom, it seems. No longer.
A friend recently described tasting some chocolate as \more.\ Each bite makes him want \more\ chocolate. That is how I think about Chanukah
We're just glad hot dogs didn't make the cut.
Instant ramen has never looked so good.
Your problems are officially solved.
What do you need to know to make latkes? The basics here will work with almost any latke recipe.
These major fails nearly ruined nachos for us forever.
Either eat with your hands or don't.
In October of 2013, a group of the world's best chefs came together for Cook it Raw in Charleston SC to discover, collaborate, get inspired and of course cook. They spent a week hunting, fishing and foraging in the \low country.\
Order one of these guys ASAP if you want it in time for Thanksgiving
Farm to table? Try tree to cup.
Seriously, we speak the truth.
A fire Sept. 24 at the Gabila's plant in Copiague, Long Island, damaged the machinery that makes the company's biggest seller -- \The Original Coney Island Square Knish.\ Knish lovers from Maine to Florida and points west are suffering the loss. Oy.
The eel which came second to last, had the lightest touch of wasabi between the fish and the rice. In one fluid motion, Jiro painted it with the sauce and put the sushi down in front of me. Eel is one of my favorite sushi dishes and I had never tasted anything like this eel before.
The perfectly detailed guide to doing it just right.
Snap on your safety goggles before proceeding.
The photos and smells help break down the flavors and colors in fun, layman's terms. In one part of the book for example
(It's Not Pretty.)
This may shake your macaroni and cheese beliefs to their cheesy core.
In a stand mixer with the paddle add the cornmeal, bacon mix and the flour. Mix it to combine. Slowly add the chicken (or
Chef John Besh is known for his New Orleans approach to cooking, in his restaurants and on TV. But how did he get inspired to even start cooking?
Once you love these delicious little things, it's only a matter of time.
Find out how to distinguish between these two delicious cheeses.
The perfectly detailed guide to doing it just right.
Are you even asking for it the right way?
Arguably unacceptable in intellectuals during this era of springbok-cheek custard, our approach to food is as different from occasionally desiring comfort foods
Every year around this time, my husband The Restaurant Consultant consults his crystal ball and issues a report on how the world of restaurants and hotels shapes up for the year ahead.
There are two options available
Rap and health consciousness may not seem like a natural duo, but for Khnum Ibomu, or Stic, promoting a healthy lifestyle is a natural extension of the themes of political activism, social justice and personal motivation that run through his music.
The best way to cook America's Thanksgiving bird is to use a technique that, like the turkey itself, is also native to the Americas
Love her or hate her, there's one thing we can all agree on when it comes to Madonna
Because stuffing your face is what you do when you're ashamed.
Neil Patrick Harris is very into the holidays, in case you couldn't tell. His Halloween parties are the stuff of legend
Sometimes, you need to make your food look as good as it tastes.
A few of these are going to haunt us for all of time.
There's no better way to end a lazy morning than with a hot brunch. Skip the usual mad dash of a breakfast routine in favor
When you're in a seafood mood, head to one of our picks for the Top 10 Seafood Restaurants in the U.S.
10 other delectable dishes you can make using your roasting pan, some of them for brunch, some for dinner, and some for dessert.
For a number of years, I worked aboard cruise ships. I enjoyed visiting exciting ports of call, broadening my horizons and making lasting friendships, while honing my skills as a chef. I'm often asked by cooks, \How can I get a job on a cruise ship, and what it is like to work on one?\
The secret to this delicious apple tart? Brown butter, of course!
What makes these ribs so special?
The snack everyone wants to eat this time of year -- and how to do it with only 4 ingredients and no special equipment.
For those of you not familiar with the delicious, buttery, flaky, pastry that is Kouign Amann, here's a bit of history
To those bartenders who think calling yourself a mixologist is an excuse for serving drinks with a frown at a snail's pace, you are morons and are giving the rest of us a bad name. This article\u00a0isn't\u00a0even acknowledging your kind.
Unlike the superb culinary offerings at London's Harrods and Paris' Galleries Lafayette, New York's department stores have little beyond caf\u00e9-style restaurants for shoppers' convenience. Stella 34 Trattoria changes things.
Gourmet-yet-simple, this recipe is one of my all-time favorites.
No matter what activities your kids are into, eventually you'll need to supply the snacks. If the thought of feeding ravenous
Just because a chill has crept into the air doesn't mean you need to retreat under a blanket and binge on TV. Instead, make
An ideal side dish with grilled, roasted or pot-roasted pork. Poultry would work too. Yes, I'm thinking of Thanksgiving.
Put the ingredients in a bowl and mix them up. Toss with the salad. I have a favorite Middle Eastern restaurant that I've
With Roberta Ceretto Roberta feels it is a different experience to come to Italy, to Piemonte and see the vineyards and the

Stick to the regular coffee.
Turn down the thermostat, sit out on the porch; this mulled cider drink will warm you from the inside out.
Charlie would say, \More caviar! No we can't charge them for more, we just do it! That's what we do, the right thing. Anything less would not be enough, anything more and it would be too much.\
Eastern Turkey is famous for its pure honey. The nectar comes only from wild mountain flowers and the native \Caucasian\ bees are never given any sugar to increase production. But this bee and way of life are under threat.
Here it is, my version of something Elvis is said to have loved.  And considering the brilliance of the pairing of peanut butter and banana, I have to say I agree with the King on this one. It's an irresistible combination.
Josh Ruxin's A Thousand Hills to Heaven tells the story of two enterprising Americans who made an extraordinary difference for a country of 11 million people. While it's unfashionable to use words like \inspiring\ or \life-changing,\ that's exactly what this book is.
It's a very simple soup. You could substitute chicken broth, but there is something very rich and wonderful about goose broth
Glass jars aren't just for jam anymore. If you've already packed your salad in one, then you know the appeal of the Mason
Make sure, with this handy infographic!
Demand for SNAP benefits is proof that we are living in a time of long-term unemployment and a very deep recession. Moreover, we have a food system that artificially makes healthy, simple food more expensive than processed non-food.
We cannot believe how amazing these things are!
Skip the trip to the puppy store to get your cuteness fix.
On the things-to-remember list has to be the way he works with fois gras. He makes a cure for the fois gras and cures the
Stop typecasting this delicious, versatile dish as a dessert.
Getting dinner on the table after a long day at work can be notoriously challenging. Fear no more.
File this in the \try it, you'll like it\ column.
Consumers care about price, quality and taste, not whether this is like that. Will they buy the $3.69 Big King? That's the
(That will probably make you blind.)
Excuse us?
Gosh, could we maybe go for just a day or two without another menu addition from the burger chains? Burger King announced its new Big King and BBQ Rib sandwiches earlier, but there's more. There's always more.
How to eat like this former Spice Girl.
We're taking the fear out of this dessert.
There are some desserts in the world that we'll always have room for. One such dessert is chocolate cake. Because of this, we're always looking for ways to make our chocolate cakes more moist, more chocolatey, and just more... better.
Craft beer is a hot topic, people! So hear me roar, this is my rally cry to the foodie universe
Go home, Pringles. You are drunk.
Bugs may be the protein of the future, so you might as well learn to love 'em.
There is no bad egg. But there is a best one.
Not every burger restaurant does a riff on Thanksgiving and turkey for its November Burger of the Month. But many of the best ones do.
Modernist chef Richard Blais has a lot going on this year.
'Please sir, may I have some more?'
Your favorite dessert ingredient is making some savory appearances.
The past few years have been nothing short of revolutionary for the world of butchery. In order to salute the old guard as well as the new wave, we've assembled a ranking of America's 25 best butcher shops.
For some diners, the \regular\ dining scene is just not enough.
The butternut squash is roasted with maple syrup, rosemary and pears to create the perfect fall combination.
People are downright fascinated when I tell them I'm about to marry a chef. Celebrity chef culture is so pervasive in this country; chefs are today's new rock stars, wielding Japanese knives instead of electric guitars. It all looks so fun and glamorous. Right?
Amazing, versatile ways to use this pantry staple.
As you might imagine, my current favorite method of cooking a turkey involves building a fire -- specifically, firing up a smoker or a grill.
Each fall, we love getting a group together for a homemade caramel apple showdown -- er, relaxing session.
This also tastes great for breakfast with a cup of hot coffee, but you didn't hear that from us!
The last decade has brought a resurgence of craft breweries across the country. The coolest not only make outstanding beer, but also are designed with a sense of place in mind, offering activities, brewery tours, and personality to match.
You've been pilfering from the trick-or-treat stash all month long. This week your kids are going to come home with bucketfuls of candy. This candy binge has to end! Or does it? Fortunately, there are dozens of things you can do with leftover candy to make sure not a single sweet treat goes to waste.
For Marylanders, the only thing more patriotic than the cast of The Wire eating crabs with the state dinosaur is a can of Old Bay.
Some of the funniest, faultiest, and crudest Sbux spelling slip-ups.
Moist and aromatic, the baked treats are a wonderful alternative to the usual flavors we associate with pumpkin desserts.
Don't you think it's really hard to come up with a clever, fun, fundraising event? Like the Accidental Locavore, you probably
You'll never look at this classic dessert the same again.
Everyone knows that James Bond likes his martini shaken, not stirred. And The Dude would obviously have you order him a White Russian. But before The Dude ordered his signature drink, it's a safe bet that not everyone knew what a White Russian was.
Fussy amounts of spices, recipes that require other recipes...
Some people think if you try to order off of a 'secret menu,' you're probably an a**hole.
Vista Flores, Tunuyan. Several of the French winemaking families that have come to Mendoza have ended up here, thanks to
With fall in full swing, time feels more scarce than ever. Yet, when we're busiest is actually when we most need nourishment to fuel our bodies through the day.
Entertaining with wine at home -- yes, it's that easy.
Moist and naturally sweetened, this bread is studded with chunks of dark chocolate, making it a sweet breakfast treat.
Eating is active - we tear, bite, chew, dredge, pull, hold. It's a physical need, and therefore a highly physical act. But it's also an emotional act.
1971, the year when Alice Waters opened Chez Panisse in Berkeley, CA, is often cited as a turning point for American cuisine.
We asked, and you guys delivered.
Here are few tasty temptations to serve this Halloween night. Pick your poison!
There's going to be candy everywhere for days. At first it feels like a dream come true, until it's not.
For the last time, you do not shake a Manhattan. Here's why.
For those of you who live for the clusters, here's how you get the ultimate clumpy, clustery, chunk-full granola.
How the rooster sauce gets from farm to bottle.
Pre-ground? Uh, no thanks.
And Michael Symon as Sporty Spice is not a sight we need to see again.
Explore more infographics like this one on the web's largest information design community - Visually. Although that paints
Modern Mexican Day of the Dead festivities stem from indigenous religions intertwined with Spanish colonial Catholicism
We don't taste blind.
Is this the golden age of sandwiches?
1. If you purchase the baguette, you have earned the right to rip off the end and eat it on the way home.
Just in time for Halloween, professor Samira Kawash has come out with a 350-page book all about everyone's favorite sugar
While Dallas is nudging upwards with new, exciting restaurants, for the moment, Houston can readily claim the broader, deeper food scene. Here are two places currently brightening the gastronomic skies in town.
Sure, waiting's the worst, especially for an impatient youngest child as myself, but when it pays off, there's nothing like it.
Halloween boozing with the crew at Brooklyn's best metal bar.
The struggle is real, and it happens in the kitchen of a college apartment.
At its best, chai is spicy and lightly sweet, the perfect blend of warming spices that can clear your head on a foggy, cool morning.
Commence fearless party hosting.
School hasn't been in session long, but odds are lunches have already become a bit too predictable. If you're feeling lunchbox
Maple syrup has long reigned over pancakes and waffles, so why not change up the routine with a fruit sauce? Drizzling -- or
So how's non-GMO food? In one word
Travel to the outer edges of the kale universe.
If you try hard and believe in yourself, everything can be croquette-ized.
Creamy, not chunky (But no cream).
There is actually one winery operating in the city limits of the Chilean capital of Santiago, Cousi\u00f1o-Macul.\u00a0 Founded in
We cut up some corn, blindfolded some eating pros and got to work.
Edamame, you guys. Why is it just, like, the perfect snack?
High fructose corn syrup, hydrogenated oils, artificial flavorings... Halloween is a scary time! Try making your own creepy creations instead.
I'm not advocating eliminating candy all together. A treat or two every so often is fine. What I am arguing is that we should find ways to make it more balanced -- to bring a few fun and healthy Halloween treats and tricks to the party.
Halloween doesn't need to be a frightful occasion for gluten-free haunted housemates.
Michael Pollan writes that we shouldn't eat anything our grandmother wouldn't recognize. Well, Oreos have been around since 1912. Are they fair game?
You do your best to avoid the typical things
Our generation's ability to produce better food that is accessible, affordable, just and fair will determine our footprint and legacy more so than our ability to teach every child how to solve a quadratic equation. We shouldn't have to choose, but we may have to.
Will it be apple pie? Butternut squash soup? The outcome is up to you.
Bake like this literary legend.
The nation's most innovative nachos.
The apocalypse is upon us
Do you shy away from technology or leap before you look? Don't tell us, your apple already did.
Think of your Crock Pot as a temperature-regulated treasure chest.
As voted by super-serious coffee nerds.
Why say your drive-thru order when you can RAP it?
'Tis the season to stuff pumpkin in any and every recipe you can get your hands on.
Late October brings an interesting addition to stands heaped with orange squash and red apples at the Farmer's markets of New York...
Butchering a whole chicken is easy with a well-placed knife and proper tension.
For such a storied vegetable, the pumpkin has a dull reputation in the United States.
Stuffed, topped, fried, and combined with bacon -- these recipes are taking burger-making to the next level.
Not including working through a Hershey's bar before 9 am.
Commence jaw dropping.
Also, bonus fighting words for Geoffrey Zakarian.
We've yet to find a savory dish they don't make instantly more awesome.
It's time to get cozy and fill the kitchen with the enticing aroma of fresh-baked muffins.
Please, let's all agree that these are terrible and make no sense.
An apple dessert that satisfies both the child in you and your adult self.
Don't be the worst trick-or-treating house on the block.
If Ben Franklin tells you to drink beer, you listen.
Say you wanted to create tasty vegetarian Halloween snacks that looked exactly like chopped-up human fingers
Big Island Brewhaus, which just won the US Open Beer Championship's gold medal in the IPA category with their Overboard IPA
Here're some of the most memorable foods from Seinfeld, excluding those salty, salty pretzels.
Lovers of this Halloween treat may want to avert their eyes.
How far would you go for your favorite food?
You CAN cook these things in other vessels, but we have no idea why you would.
The 14 best menu hacks at all your favorite fast-food restaurants.
It tastes better when you know all the trivia, we swear.
Pumpkin Cupcakes Yields
Cook It Raw comes to the U.S. for the first time. See why it landed in Charleston.
The Barbecue Bible take on grilled pizza.
Things you should never do to the person who controls the trajectory of your life, err, night.
Spare yourself an extra trip to the grocery store and make these flours at home.
It's hard to remember that many of the truths we take as a given--that advertising influences how we eat as a country, often detrimentally; that agricultural programs sometimes protect businesses rather than people; that public policy can be a powerful tool in shifting how Americans eat and, consequently, their health--are relative newcomers in the national discourse.
Now THAT's a serious beer.
3D chocolate printing is still in its infancy, but already it is sparking debates about the relationship between food and technology. Can printed food coexist with the ever-greater presence of local and organic movements? Does printed food have the ability to feed the world?
Honing your knife is easier than you think.
Many of us expect to spend a bit of time in front of the TV. And we'll need to eat.
Chef Alex Thomopoulos's approach to food is not harping on what she cannot eat, but celebrating the ingredients she can use to make tasty and unique meals.
Avoid those not-so-good-for-us, what-is-that-I-can't-read-that-is-that-even-English ingredients.
How to host a \Halloween Dinner Party\ that's as creepy as it is delicious.
For those curious about new directions in the culinary world, this weekend offered views that would titillate the taste buds of any gourmet.
Happy National Bologna Day, everyone!
No dry or leathery meats here -- we promise.
The bars fill up on the cobbled streets and the restaurants hum with the noise of nightlife. At the hub of this activity is Plac Nowy, the former Jewish square where a spring of establishments have sprouted in recent years, in the wake of years of disrepair.
Triple-digit temperatures, getting dropped, getting burned...  Nothing can take these tools down.
No wings allowed.
And the best pies in America are...
It's the pact with readers that make bloggers such a powerful force. We may not be experts by your definition, but if an expert is someone that audiences trust to guide them in the right direction, we meet that criteria handily.
Chefs are in a unique position to play an important role in improving the food system because we have a lot of consumer trust.  Our agenda is to feed people delicious food and make them happy. What's not to trust in that?
Most of the chefs working at the restaurants we frequent don't particularly have a passion for what they are preparing on a regular basis. They love to cook and love throwing on the whites. But if you want to see a chef's passion, show up for a staff family meal.
Avocado Cheese Doritos? Share the wealth, you guys!
A final answer for the age-old question.
'Yeast poop' is still making us laugh.
As good an excuse as any to hit the road and sample a little Americana.
This preparation of the \other white meat\ imparts an appetizing seared surface and a sufficiently tender and succulent interior.
Dessert will never be the same.
Classic Eggplant Parmesan gets a fancy new topping.
What is it about turning something into a chip that makes it so irresistible?
I like my pumpkin a little gingery and filled with spices.
Proof that easy does not have to mean boring.
Because there's no childhood nostalgia quite like this before-school breakfast.
Tips for smooth, stress-free cake frosting.
So, here it is, the quotation you've all been waiting for, proof (if we're going with truthiness rather than absolute truth
Ron Burgundy, we salute you.
The real problem, Thompson insisted, is not with the McDonald's brand but with tight economic conditions and heightened competitive
First, you smell the chocolate. Then, you break it in half, paying attention to the \snap\ and smelling it again. After that, you let it melt against the top of your mouth.
One of the Accidental Locavore's favorite salads, not easily found outside of France, is celery root remoulade.
Enjoy... until the acid reflux sets in.
In this recipe, the garlic and ginger shine through, but the overall taste is not spicy.
In a discussion with New York Times food writer Melissa Clark at the New York Wine and Food Festival this weekend, David Bouley talked about his philosophy and practice of slow cooking vegetables as method of \cooking for longevity.\
I've made many visits to hog farms, dairy farms, chicken houses, cattle ranches, feedlots and even to sunflower harvests amid the bitter North Dakota winds. What I've come to understand is that farmers are neither \good\ nor \bad.\ There is simply more than one way to do the right thing.
Canning this filling ahead of time is the perfect way to whip up a delicious dessert in minutes, without sacrificing the homemade part.
Shrimp, frosting and Jell-O are three words we never want to see in the same sentence again.
\Our brains have not evolved since Paleolithic times, when food was scarce and our ancestors had to eat as much as they could when food was plentiful in order to survive. We have Paleolithic appetites in a land awash with fat and sugar -- this is a recipe for disaster.\
I'm delighted to announce Food For Thought, a new HuffPost section in partnership with Chipotle. As part of our site-wide focus on well-being and sustainability, Food For Thought will be examining our attitudes toward food, asking where our food comes from and how it's produced, because there are plenty of forces and special interests at work that would rather you not ask too many questions -- at great cost to our environment, our health, and the planet. We believe that it's important to consider not only the food in front of us -- on our plates, in our kitchens, in restaurants we patronize -- but to look closely at the many stages of food production and preparation that are often invisible to us.
Governments and some big businesses know most people get the same buzz from a good discount as they get from gambling. But the \house\ always wins. This discount technique comes into play in our food, which most things are dirt-cheap compared to their organic counterparts.
Uh oh, there might be something better than a Snickers bar.
Poor kids -- they don't know what they're missing.
If you've been throwing away Jack-O-Lantern insides, you've been missing out.
Cringe, cringe, cringe.
Our favorite ways to get the most out of our ice cube trays.
Think that you're not in the market for a comfort food cookbook? David Venable might well change your mind. He could taste dog food and convince people to buy it.
People in Mendoza, the province that makes the lion's share of Argentine wine, care a lot about rock. They care about the kind that underpins great terroir, but they also care about the kind you can blast from your stereo. Wine and music are inseparable in Mendoza -- but why?
As a nation, our eating habits are out of control. Instead of fixating on the latest study, we need to reject the status quo, vote with our grocery dollars, and call for the government to reallocate public funds to stem the spread of cheap junk.
Pasta e fagioli, at least the way I like to make it, is more like a soup, or stew.
Where you eat and what you eat become one in this colorful series by Taubmans Paint Partners and Ross Lusted.
By the measure of fanatical hometown craft beer loyalty, Kansas City's Boulevard Brewing Company ranks about 175 on a scale of 100. No wonder then, that the announcement of Boulevard's sale to Duvel Moortgat Brewery of Belgium was greeted with some raw emotion.
We get really warm and fuzzy about the Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man.
Ten gooey, sticky, crunchy, decadent candies to be made at home.
These quotes and GIFs only make us love him more.
We know, we know, you get that fall is apple season -- but hear us out.
The importance we place on wanting, our sense of entitlement to consume, is a feature of American culture and identity that we often take for granted. We think of it as natural, that we have a right to want what we want and to achieve it. This poses a challenge to the concept of sustainability.
Plus, the best Dutch Pancake recipe you'll ever eat.
It's finally October, which means the countdown to Halloween is officially on. Some part of you wants to reminisce about the hysterical costumes of your youth, and where better to share some spook-inspired memories than at the local haunted watering hole?
Yes, you read that correctly. Let's do this.
This is veganism at its finest.
Goodbye ambitions to own a wine fridge!
Oskar Blues, Lazy Magnolia, Widowspeak, Wye Oak ... which are bands and which are beers?
A man walks into a bar. Ouch. The poor bastard should have walked into a pub.
Whoever thought a skin-tight bacon dress was a good idea, we question your sanity.
We went to college once, you know.
Nestle is coming for you.
These in-room best-sellers may surprise you.
Go beyond chicken noodle. These soups are just what the doctor ordered.
They're so delicious, none of your buddies will suspect they're gluten-free, let alone, er, healthy.
Donuts. They're not just for cops anymore!
Researchers from the University of South Florida and the University of Miami found that people older than 65 who had higher
We would drown our sorrows with some Pappy, but now can't.
This fall favorite is good for more than Jack-O-Lantern carving.
Now, if only they ate like this in real life...
Last weekend our Saturday farmers' market was like an August market plus the makings of a Thanksgiving dinner.
Adapted slightly from Bon Appetit Pimento Cheese Dip 2 cups coarsely grated extra-sharp white cheddar cheese (about 8 ounces
Don't believe the printed hype! Keep eating that fish sauce!
What did this beautiful piece of cooking equipment ever do to you?
Should I take the French approach and limit snacks to one a day at a closely prescribed time? Or plan for a few small meals to fend off inevitable meltdowns? For my kids and me, I've found it's best to snack -- with a caveat.
Honestly, why can't we just pick a place??
This one addition can transform your lunchtime go-to.
Peyton, pass us a slice with extra cheese!
Good food is good food, and pretension and pedigree doesn't change that.
No matter how they prefer it, enthusiasts would surely agree on two points
Andy Cohen is beloved for his ability to ask anyone just about anything -- but what about when the tables are turned?
Sometimes you just have to let go and live with the consequences (like when your husband goes to pick up the CSA share for the week).
How can something that provides so much joy also cause so much stress?
Instead of saying auf wiedersehen to German brews, take these foreign styles for a spin.
Kale is everywhere. But which kind is the best?
There are also some manufacturers, Alfred Ritter and their Ritter-Sport bars come to mind, who have tried to create flow
Marijuana business owners -- or ganjapreneurs -- are nothing if they aren't innovative.
Another trip down the coffee nerd rabbit hole.
Eight recipes to help you out of any casserole rut.
Deep in the recesses of the culinary dustbin are 10 restaurants that very well might be the worst in the country.
Pinot noir is that most delicate of grapes, known to flourish in only a few small corners of the world
No rut is a good rut, even if it is a delicious rut -- so we're vowing to mix it up.
Plus
Ranked with the power of science.
\It will be a long time before someone invents something that will replace that old apron that served so many purposes.\
Sake sales outside of Japan are higher than ever before. Here, an expert discusses the trend, how to pair sake with food, and what makes good sake.
A beautiful bunt cake for any season.
Founder and director of the New York City Wine & Food Festival dishes on this year's festival, which starts this Thursday.
When did it become societally acceptable to talk about whatever diet you're on to anyone and everyone who will listen?
Or how to be the worst restaurant customer of all time.
Take cuteness (and creepiness) to a whole new level.
Don't worry, it's made of bacon.
Italian food culture is probably very different from what you're used to at home. And since Italians have been perfecting it for over 1,000 years, try going with the wine and olive oil flow instead of fighting against the current when you're in Italy.
Anna Getty, of the Getty family fame, has devoted much of her life to eating organically,\nemploying eco-friendly practices, and utilizing sustainable, natural products.
If you like cocktails, we have 10 more you'll love.
He's basically the Picasso of sandwiches.
5 perfect recipes to make right now.
The trials and tribulations of Food Network's former butter queen.
Category 69
Take dating to the next level with the Picnic Backpack.
My favorite part of Marquee's two-year run as the most coveted nightclub from late 2010 through 2012 was the pizza that followed.
With the outdoor barbecue mothballed for the season, cooks may think food caramelized by intense heat has to wait. But maybe not...
October is National Apple Month. Let's celebrate the contributions this storied fruit has made to American barbecue.
Microwave dinners ranked from tasty to shouldn't-even-be-eaten-by-a-super-Hungry-Man.
I've found an amazing vegetarian recipe to keep you busy this winter.
Pretzel-bun burgers may be all the rage, but they couldn't keep casual-dining chain Ruby Tuesday from a double-digit debacle.
Just because it's easy doesn't mean it's not delicious.
This brilliant change of season brings with it an array of different foods. These provisions of nature are as awe-inspiring and varied as the daily changing kaleidoscope of autumn's leaves.
Sorry, every other kind -- we found the best.
If you loved them on day one, you're going to freak out about what you can do with their leftovers.
They are the places you go to because you are a neighborhood resident and they feel more like home than the really good place that people are trekking from far away to try.
The peanut butter ice cream is smooth and dreamy, and there are huge, bit sized chunks of peanut butter cups in every mouthful.
Ninety-seven percent of the world is hopelessly addicted to Candy Crush. But would you eat its candies?
TOO MUCH.
A cheat sheet of the most common cooking methods and how to perfect them.
A cake to end all cakes -- with no baking required.
The Roots drummer and restaurant owner dishes on throwing a great dinner party.
Does the mere thought of hosting a cocktail party require sedation with countless glasses of Chardonnay, hefty doses of ice cream and bed rest?
Served with a flavorful cilantro-lime Aioli, these sweet potato fries are incredibly delicious and as healthy as anything fried could ever be.
Daniel Boulud may have restaurants across the world, including a 3 Michelin star one, but he's still inspired by his mother and grandmother's cooking.
Reddit gave us one Grandma's crazy vintage recipe. Want to see what it's like in real life?
From a creamy butternut squash soup to a hearty galette, here are 9 fall squash recipes to serve as new staples in your kitchen.
Twelve chili and cornbread recipes that will raise your temp in no time.
Sometimes the easiest thing is the best thing.
In sickness, and in health, for the rest of our lives.
From totally unbearable to completely ethereal.
You can, but you probably don't need to.
The great American Italian restaurant has changed in style probably more than any other genre of restaurant over the past several decades. We rounded up the 20 best Italian restaurants in America.
\Lorennn\ -- I can still hear that smokey, Italian-accented voice in my head.  It belonged to the extraordinary Marcella Hazan who died a week ago in the art-filled apartment on the Gulf of Mexico that she and Victor, her husband of 60 years, shared.
Which flavor would you resurrect from the grave?
Slicing will never be the same again. Just make sure to grab an unscented pack.
Nanny never wrote down recipes. And it wouldn't have mattered if she did; I didn't pay attention to what went into her meals -- it was the delicious end result that was my only concern. So now I've tried my best to recreate her simple, Calabrese dishes.
Why everyone should know what it's like to work in a commercial kitchen.
And turn your kitchen into a French patisserie.
If ever there was a \cookie\ that was a love letter, it would be the Anzac Biscuit.
There are no food and wine pairing rules, only guidelines.
Recently there has been dissent in the ranks in regards to tasting menus, and while we can all agree that more than 10 courses might be construed as excessive, the Accidental Locavore happens to love the freedom involved in a tasting menu.
Are you a mess in the kitchen? We're here for you.
This foul-mouthed chef is finding zen as an athlete.
Step into Flatbread and you enter a cornucopia of locally grown organic, farm to table quality food that tastes sensational.
Good school food definitely does not happen overnight.
Ditch the concession stand and make these at home instead.
Never be intimidated by a wine label again.
In the spirit of the Thankgiving holiday I thought I would share a list of my top five favorite harvest vegetables. There is just something amazing about this time of year and the bountiful harvest that comes with it.
Happy National Fluffernutter Day!
Fall in love with these crunchy treats.
Where do recipes come from? From necessity, distant memories, and problem solving, mostly.
The chef and man-about-town tours Mongolia for season 2 of 'Fresh Off The Boat.'
\You likely have most (if not all) of the ingredients at home already,\ she wrote on her site. As the website name might
Now that Jerusalem has become one of the best selling cookbooks in recent years, it may be time to look at it in context.
In travel or in our daily lives, at restaurants or at markets, we pass by others, forgetting that all the people we interact with are just like us... human
To say this recipe for Pumpkin Twinkie Dessert is insanely good is a gross understatement. It is so creamy, so flavorful, and just so downright decadent it's flat-out amazing.
But it's still probably not our first choice.
It blankets the Golden Gate Bridge, shocks unsuspecting tourists, garners thousands of followers on social media, and now
It's clear bacon is no longer relegated only to the breakfast dishes, so,\u00a0let's just drink all the bacon.
From properly pouring a brew to the best beer for morning drinking, here's how to make sure your college years aren't totally wasted.
There's an app for that.
You may want to give your microwave a second look.
I'm charging full speed into my favorite flavor season... which doesn't just mean apples, pumpkins and warm spices...
We're not sure who's at fault here, the people at Google or the people that actually search for these things?
Did you hear that, everyone? You're smothering kale. It needs its space.
If you aren't familiar with the glory of porchetta, allow us to show you the way.
You'll want to get out of bed for this one.
The secret ingredient in martinis and Manhattans can also make your food extra delicious.
Will he need the emergency bucket or not? Watch to find out.
From my first warm bite of this glorious bread, a lifelong love was formed
Start booking your plane tickets...
So much pink. Please send help.
This salsa is simply a miracle in a bowl of luscious berries with a detonation from the New Mexico's fiery chile manzano (a.k.a. per\u00f3n).
Today, with the growing demands for fast-food outlets to shape up and offer healthy options on their ever-expanding menus, prices have been rising. And from the Fiesta Taco Salad at Taco Bell to the Big Philly Cheesesteak at Subway, some fast-food menu items are a bit pricier than you might expect.
We're hoping that Vince Gilligan and Bob Odenkirk don't mind if we suggest a few juicy frivolous food lawsuits -- all 100 percent real court cases (but don't sue us over that claim) -- that our favorite shady shyster could sink his teeth into.
It may not win a beauty contest, but it's so flavorful, healthy and easy to make, you won't care.
My favorite weeknight vegetarian dinners that take little more to make than a stock pot and a ladle.
Packing lunches and going over menus is a great way to make small changes in the way your kids eat. You can also go a step farther and help change school cafeteria menus. Most schools lack the funds to makeover their kitchens, but parents can help. How can you make a difference?
The results were surprising. The sommelier declared that after three months of ocean aging, the 2009 vintage had been transformed into a 2007.
The cover is gone from the first book and it is marked throughout on all of our favorite recipes. The second book is completely tattered and spotted with equal amounts of olive oil, wine and indistinguishable stains, the afterimages of the meals of our life together.
Host your own personal sherry fest in the comfort of your home by mixing up one of these sherry-based cocktails.
Happy National Taco Day, everyone.
These recipes prove that bigger isn't always better.
Find out where your favorite placed on our list.
Yes, you read that correctly.
A nice, non-twist bottle of beer, like a fine wine, or maybe also a banana, begins with a test. It says -- you have me, but first you must open me up.
When I was in Bangalore, India, I could not help but be intrigued by recurring news in the newspapers and on TV about the unexpected surge in the price of onions. The widespread coverage and the heated discussions surrounding the issue prove its enormous relevance in Indian politics.
Americans are out-of-their-gourds in love with that tart orange beast. Should they be?
When walking down Fifth Avenue by Madison Square Park there is a plethora of amazing eats. How will you ever choose? I can help aid in this huge life decision by suggesting ilili -- a contemporary Lebanese restaurant harmonized with the best of Mediterranean cuisine.
Attention foodies!  If you love truffles, watch my visit to the Truffle Cafe in Seattle and learn how to talk truffle.
The new way to serve the miniature cabbages is... fried!
It's time to stop the hate.
And it's pure genius.
All explained in one simple picture.
How many times do you get invited to lunch with an Iron Chef?
We'll get through this together, everyone.
Cook it in reverse.
When I set out for Omaha, Nebraska for a cooking event at the Institute for the Culinary Arts, I was planning to share my wisdom to the students. I was the one, however, who received quite an education, steeped in American history.
What makes a good pairing?
Describing a chopped ham and pickle sandwich really doesn't do it justice.
Director Michael Ellis visits HuffPost Live, and reveals it isn't all fun and games.
One day I noticed a little supermarket bag on my desk with a Post-It note saying \from Ethne.\ It was filled with shishito peppers! I was very, very excited.
Getting your food from the region you live in can be good for the environment, good for the local economy, and good for our
This salad, with all its exotic nuances, is equally as enchanting to the taste buds as it is to the eyes!I
The Cedar House Sport Hotel is located just outside of Lake Tahoe in the charming city of Truckee. It's tucked back in the forest, just minutes away from the town that seems pleasantly frozen in time. It was the perfect spot to start my \road less traveled\ Tahoe weekend.
One of the benefits of eating in restaurants is that you can pick up ideas about what to cook for dinner once you get home.
Countries all over the world have their own lists of edible items that are banned from being imported or consumed. While some of the foods banned in the U.S. may seem obvious -- like the deadly Japanese blowfish -- others might be quite surprising.
Do you have a winning food costume?
This salad is great to eat by itself, on top of a big bed of fresh greens or wrapped up in collard leaves. No baking, steaming, or cooking required!
Cooking has always brought people together. But cooking for my dog turned into a real-life bromance.
\Civilization begins with distillation.\u201d
There is one ingredient that never fails to make things difficult, entirely of its own accord
They're basically the miracle fruit.
I love Reese's Peanut Butter Cups, but I may just have found a way to improve on them.
One afternoon in Florence, we donned clear plastic aprons, washed our hands vigorously, and took a cooking lesson from a bright-eyed Italian wag who taught us to make fresh pasta from scratch.
Eight sweet and savory recipes with apples.
My goodness, what a life.  How many of us can know that we made an impact on so many, inspired so many, taught so many?
We're putting eight flavors of this classic head-to-head.
In honor of World Vegetarian Day, a collection of gorgeously filthy imagery.
Plus, the mile-long smoked brat sandwich you must eat.
Batali uses mayonnaise in everything from aioli to dessert. He even has a recipe for a banana and mayonnaise sandwich.
Millennials are a notoriously flighty, flaky bunch, so it comes as some surprise that they are leading wine industry growth -- a market plagued by old guard attitude and pretension.
Please stop doing all of these things immediately.
Our brains know which one's better for us, but do our tastebuds know?
Dangerously easy to make and irresistibly delicious, these Hello Dolly Bars will earn their place in your heart and stomach.
When I asked professor and author Marion Nestle how she got interested in the whole realm of food and nutrition and what kind of food she grew up eating, and she got this sentimental look on her face and said she was going to tell me about her \green bean moment.\
We like to give the stalwarts of our kitchens their due respect whenever possible.
We're going far beyond chocolate-covered pretzels, folks.
To celebrate this holiday, here are 15 sake cocktails -- sak-tails, pronounced \socktails\ -- currently served at fine bars, restaurants and other venues nationwide:
The Food Network is now rumored to be toying around with an idea similar to \The Chew\ to air on Saturday mornings. One of
Our communal fear of real, actual fruit and gravitation towards safe, sanitized, foodiness \fruit\ is really just an expression of our general obsession with safety across the board.
Baconmania needs to stop! Can't we just appreciate bacon for what it really is?
You can prove your devotion to your favorite noodle soup on Etsy.
Prepping for Halloween doesn't have to be scary, and if you start planning now, you'll be right on track for the holiday
Extra virgin olive oil, double-dutch dark chocolate powder and chocolate pieces make this gelato silky-smooth.
We've decided on the best way to satisfy an afternoon sugar craving.
Unpacking drinks into the fridge will never be the same.
Croissant-making is like origami -- you measure and fold and tug it into shape.
Need some great dinner-party small talk? Read on.
Anyone who has ever been to college, Japan, or upscale New York grocery stores knows that ramen is the most delicious food on the planet.
Pair this sweet potato soup with a melty grilled cheese and you have a dinner fit for a cozy fall evening!
Being a mom means always having to think on your feet, especially when your son or daughter brings friends home without warning
Save and print the full recipe on Food52 12. Take your time, don't short cut anything, and give the chicken lots of room
The top food trends circulating the minds of chefs and the mouths of editors comes to fruition in the October issue of Wired magazine. Let's talk umami and bugs!
From John Belushi's trademark belligerence in \Samurai Delicatessen\ to Alec Baldwin's innuendo-laden \Schweddy Balls.
No more guessing when the carts roll by.
Tater tots + nachos = football snack heaven.
Whether it's a family dish that's been passed down for generations, a recipe that's used to celebrate our religion, or something that's indicative of our culture, food has a way of tracing our roots back to their beginnings and defining who we are.
It's a classic brunch dilemma
Isn't it fascinating to realize all the work your body is doing while you're doing something as (seemingly) brainless as eating? It's kind of awesome. Food's a complex chemical, and so are you!
These snacks are three healthy lunch box goodies that get my kids jazzed about lunch time.
In celebration of the show's purest relationship, we've catalogued everything Flynn eats in the AM from the pilot to present.
We have a bit of a coffee habit here at Imbibe HQ, so we don't need much of an excuse to pour ourselves a second (or third
These savory pancakes are delectable as an hors d'oeuvre or finger food.
Lotus isn't just gorgeous, it's also delicious.
McDonald's like you've never seen it before.
It's that time of year again to put whiskey back in its rightful place
Are you looking for a new, portable lunch option? Mason Jar Salads are the way to go. The concept involves layering all the
We decided to compare two relatively new ones against the Starbucks classic
We sat down with the chef from Dominique Ansel Bakery to discuss how he started cooking and who helped him along the way.
In case you haven't heard, quinoa is in. Try it in juicy burgers, creamy porridges, or even spicy enchiladas.
Let's never eat wallpaper paste again!
Because apparently some people are okay with spending their life savings on a single kitchen appliance.
I wasn't surprised when Greek yogurt became so wildly popular. It was about time that the world discovered what my yiayia, and fellow Greeks, always knew. Nothing beats a bowl of Greek yogurt!
Where does your favorite fall?
Unexpected celebrities that own franchises of well-known chains.
Wine-themed movies used to be few and far between. Fortunately for us wine lovers, that's changing. In just the last few months, First Run has released three wine-themed movies.
Do you love coffee and love to talk about it? Learn some coffee talk from baristas, as I visit the original Starbucks store at the Pike Place Market in Seattle.
Ariel association aside, we love this fish.
You might be missing out on some of the best behind-the-scenes looks into the dining industry.
Okay, so being a distiller doesn't actually mean you down booze all day long... but it sort of does.
Guys, stop yelling! We can sort this out.
Why is it so damn hard to find a decent Chicago-style pizza outside Illinois?
This fizzy drink makes for a cool refreshment on an Indian summer day.
There's only one brand that passed our test. Find out which it is.
Could there be anything more \fall\ than apple cider?
It tastes nasty to you, because your palette requires a high level of sweetness to go with the chocolate flavor.
This lunch was something like we've never experienced before...
Etsy goes retro.
15 onion dip recipes.
These all-star mixologists are taking cocktails to the next level.
Thanks for being the best, flank steak.
It's really an art more than a science.
Sushi Dojo is a new favorite -- unpretentious and a very enjoyable experience.
Getting into Whole Foods, or any other major specialty food retailer, is a huge step for any aspiring food manufacturer.
We all have that fancy friend. Go ahead, make their day.
Gaja. It is one of the most iconic names in all of Italian wine. Without Gaja, Barbaresco may not be the grand wine it is today.
It's quite possible that no culinary tradition s more thoroughly American than barbecue (except for the Hot Pocket, of course).
Burgers, hot dogs -- take five, we're looking for something else.
Which chip reigns supreme?
These restaurants serve high-quality food at prices that won't break your budget.
If food is your priority, make sure you keep those transfer forms handy after reading these picks for most outstanding campus dining.
The best way to wake up in the morning.
Satisfrying? Good enough.
Jack in the Box now has a cheeseburger topped with a grilled cheese sandwich on their new late night menu. We see what you did there, Jack in the Box.
Fall seems to be the season for revamping QSR french fry offerings. Wendy's introduced its Natural-Cut Fries with Sea Salt
Both sell for $17.99, which is a heck more expensive than your average bottle of Yellowtail. It all seems a bit gimmicky
But Hello Kitty producer Sanrio insisted to Today it was not marketing to minors. Because Hello Kitty turns 40 years old
Maison Kaiser makes probably one of the best croissants I've had in New York. Just the right size, full of flavor and a perfect texture.
We're skipping the cape and going straight for the superhero cuisine.
Shibuya
To appreciate the sublime, the philosopher-politician Edmund Burke said was to appreciate terror in captivity. While Burke was mostly talking about paintings of thunderstorms, the concept could also apply to food. Is that the secret sauce to the novelties now encountered on our plates.
This mouthwatering crisp is made with two ingredients the U.S. South is well known for -- Bourbon and cornmeal
Next time you're in the grocery store, take a good look at the chocolate candy on the shelves.  See anything different?
You don't have to wait any longer -- here's how to speed up your fruit's ripening.
Alexis is the executive chef overseeing all of the restaurants in the Grupo Vidanta hotels, including Grand Luxxe and Grand Mayan. He is a man that is passionate about food. He has a wealth of information when it comes to the cuisine of his homeland, Mexico.
Meet Ella Nemova, the Founder and Chief Faux Gras-preneur of The Regal Vegan, an artisan food company in Brooklyn focused on decadent vegan treats. Her opinions are fiery, and her suggestions eye-opening.
No man should ever eat these... at least when people are watching.
We're warning you
With all the ripe, colorful options at farmers markets, there's no reason to hold back from stuffing apples into pies, sauces, soups and drinks.
Eating healthy just got easier.
What does yours say about your personality?
For every meal of the day.
We're giving this fruit its 15 minutes of fame.
Homemade moon cakes are as different from store-bought as night and day.
They're perfect for entertaining -- either as an appetizer or main course -- because all of the prep is done ahead of time.
Whether you're craving sweet or savory, zucchini can be transformed in so many wonderful ways.
You might want to skip breakfast if these make an appearance.
You couldn't get through fall without it.
Sometimes the best is the best and everyone else should just quit it.
We'd like to make an announcement
Why do we wait (or at least think we should wait) until winter before cooking dishes like this?
I'm not vegan. I'm not even a vegetarian. And I still say these Vegan Pancakes are some of the best pancakes I've ever eaten!
To sell... pistachios? Please send help.
This Texas \food park\ is one you'll want to visit.
This is more than we ever needed to know about her.
Sounds like a pretty great week, actually.
The cute, the messy, and the shameless.
Yes, you can make more than dried fruit in that thing.
In the past quarter of the century, Tenuta dell'Ornellaia, an Italian winery in the Tuscan coastal town of Bolgheri, has become, or has achieved you might say, first growth or cult wine status since its first vintage in 1985.
But WHY?
Redeeming cherry pie filling from its gloopy, canned past.
Step aside, cookies. These 10 stacked desserts are sure to wow and delight.
These few tips will make your shrimp faster, easier, cleaner and more beautiful.
This tomato salad recipe just makes subtle improvements on the beloved caprese salad. Instead of fresh mozzarella, it calls
History counts. Mattei's Tavern, one of the oldest rustic wood structures in California, gets high marks for establishing a new beginning, just as popular, if not more than its roots.
There was nothing in our wedding vows about eating tasty vittles forever and forever, but there may as well have been.
It's a gift for you because it's easy and a gift for your loved ones, because, well, it's Red Velvet Cheesecake Brownies.
It's a mere few weeks into the school year and I'm already dreading lunch. What's more stressful is a tossup
This whiskey reminds us just how versatile it can be, just in case you needed another excuse.
Because once in a while, having a pepperoni pie delivered to your door is a godsend.
Put the pork, shrimp and vegetables aside.
Let's never wrestle with an overcooked, rubbery one again, okay?
If you love the Indian curried dish of cauliflower and potatoes, a.k.a Aloo Gobi, as much as I do, then you've come to the right place.
You should totally follow these game-changers.
Be curious. Ask thoughtful questions and search for meaningful answers.
The contrast of the sweet figs with the pungent semi-aged goat cheese is sublime -- an addictive finger food!
And a great way to learn your cocktails.
The Vines of Mendoza has grown into a wine and tourism phenomenon. We asked Michael Evans how it all started and where it's going next.
The editor-in-chief of SAVEUR magazine's recipe is even better than we expected.
There's a formula for perfection, and we think we may have found it.
It goes in pretty much everything -- even cake.
This old-school technique isn't nearly as complicated as it seems.
Go from Newbie to meat master.
This donut breaks all the rules.
Life in Los Olivos is more than just swell. It's perfect because Sides Hardwear and Shoes is meant to last a very long time. Like the leather on a saddle... it just gets better and better over time.
\There's no better way to feel the pulse of a city or to understand the local culture than to visit a market.\ -- Andrew Zimmern
From classic franks to artisan wieners with toppings like kimchi, here are the nation's best hot dogs.
It's not that we have anything against uplifting quotes, but these are too much for the early am.
My mother's recipe for Coquilles St. Jacques \u00e0 la Proven\u00e7ale has been a favorite since I was a wee tot.
Nope, I'm not writing about military service. I have come to strongly believe that we would, in fact, live in a better, kinder world if every teenager took a job in the service industry before entering adulthood.
The 40 mile stretch of land from Riverhead to Orient, also called the North Fork, is decidedly the un-hamptons, as the locals will proudly tell you. This is Long Island wine country, which is currently witnessing a wine revolution of sorts.
Juicy Lucys, Frito pies, lobster rolls...
Want to read more from HuffPost Taste? Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest and Tumblr. Get more fennel recipes. Get
This is not a melted cheese opportunity you want to squander.
From a cult Korean wings spot to elegant confit deboned wings from genius chef Jos\u00e9 Andr\u00e9s, here are America's best chicken wings.
We're not the only country that loves this treat.
This pizza makes a great movie night snack or easy dinner.
Seriously. We've written about all of it. Please shut it down.
22 ways to celebrate this food holiday.
Shishito peppers are small Japanese sweet peppers; they're skinny and slightly twisted, slightly smoky and sweet with a hint of bitterness.
It gives you a flavorful, fork-tender dish every time.
Bisques, chowders and more!
Although I never knew my grandfather on my father's side of our family, I discovered his southern roots. He landed in Beaufort
Our favorite sandwiches defy cultural boundaries, blur ethnic lines, and run the gamut from traditional to molecular.
These incredible landscapes are also edible.
The two-day annual Family Winemakers of California Tasting in San Francisco (FW) is the most comprehensive showing of California wines in the state. It's the one event all year in which great small producers like Paloma and Seavey regularly participate.
10 essential salad dressings to know -- just add lettuce.
Did we say kimchi grilled cheese? Oh, yes we did.
As members of a food-news publication, none of the FOODBEAST editorial staff could remember the last time they entered or covered a story for a Casual Dining-Mexican restaurant. But that may be about to change.
Baking, is in fact, a miracle. And this little miracle made me very happy.
For when you just don't care.
You might think Christmas came early in our little town of Santa Ynez. Newly opened, The Baker's Table, an artisan bakery, is the IN spot for locals and tourists who would prefer their morning cup of Green Star coffee organically roasted served alongside a freshly baked croissant.
From day-ruiner to day-maker.
Oil and yogurt give this banana bread a super moist, soft and fluffy texture.
It's so much better when made fresh.
We're giving you 15 recipes to celebrate.
Because homemade chips are always the way to go.
Like KFC, but smaller and better.
Now that fall has arrived, I am relishing the last batches of figs
Western flavors for a Chinese classic.
For the real deal, there's just nothing like a true wild salmon.
I hope you've noticed I've been on hiatus. After fantastic fresh seafood and too much ros\u00e9 on vacation, I've returned ready to explore the new 'hoods goods.
These dishes stand on their own rather than trying to replicate their meaty counterparts. Now go eat your vegetables!
There can be a method to your madness, and it will earn you clean plates.
Pickles are the worst. I hate them. Every last briny one of them.
Food critics eat Oreos! Gasp!
It's the only thing better than ice cream.
Because everybody wants a peanut butter and beer sandwich, right?
Flavored with brandied caramel.
Drink it, cook it -- it's magical both ways.
You won't miss the beef for a second.
We'd probably eat a lot worse if we went to bed at 7 a.m. most days.
Brunch, you can stay. Linner, get the hell out of here.
And it's pizza guys. You can never go wrong with pizza.
The recipe for a good rum punch, this one put together from many trips to the Caribbean, is a universal one.
Jumping on the pumpkin-flavored bandwagon.
The Feast of San Gennaro brings hope each year as it showcases the much-needed Italian restoration and preservation of Little Italy, a struggling, old Italian neighborhood.  We must unify to uplift and give New York's Little Italy the Italian cultural renaissance it so rightly deserves.
These miniature crescent-rolled pastries are delicious to eat and fun to make.
This remix makes us want to get down with some beets and beats.
Eat these plain, sprinkle with powdered sugar, slathered with nutella and made into a sandwich, or shaped into an ice cream cone.
How exactly do you pack a quesadilla in a lunchbox?
That thing where you buy the vegetable that earns a \WTF?\ at check-out time.
Topped with a tomato-and-avocado salsa.
It's the best herb around.
The only thing less enjoyable than eating a so-so meal is to have to go home and write about it.
Watch only if you are prepared, and near a store/restaurant that sells this ham.
Including its proper pronunciation.
Did your favorite come in first?
Hot soda is something we've never even thought of trying. Until now.
Just in time for football season (because apparently Campbell's is the official soup sponsor of the NFL), the company has
Read the post in full over at Medium. [via Laughing Squid] When blogger Lucky Shirt was recently served a poorly assembled
You might think twice next time you eat an eclair.
\I've been a rancher since I was a little bitty girl,\ Wynona Winters says. \My grandfather and grandmother were ranchers, and my daddy was a rancher, and I married a rancher. I'm 77. Ranching is my love. I think you have to love ranching to do it.\

The best dinner you can prepare in just 10 minutes.
25 things you absolutely do need when tailgaiting.
When it comes to this avocado dip, only the best will do.
There's a stereotype that only American food is jumbo-sized. That stereotype is wrong.
A few simple ingredients becoming gorgeous mouthfuls... My favorite way to cook summer fare.
Summer corn is still in season. Here are five great ideas from around the world.
Because it's probably unconstitutional not to grill on Labor Day, the Accidental Locavore decided to do the patriotic bit
Another hybrid food! But this one is pretty cool.
Is it too early to start talking about pumpkins? What about pumpkin seeds?
This exists.
So good, but so hot.
In honor of Boardwalk Empire's season premiere, try one of these recipes that were really enjoyed during Prohibition -- and be sure to toast its repeal!
Don't ruin these little cakes!
Beer is to football as oxygen is to life, right?
Carry less, drink better, and feel the effects much faster. It's a win-win-win.
It's the best way to showcase this fruit.
It's the ultimate American side dish prepared the way we love them -- fried and salted.
Baking at its cutest.
We can't wait for these food products to hit shelves.
Spice up your weeknight repertoire with these fast and delicious family-friendly meals.
Amazing, and amazingly simple, chicken fingers.
It's the hangover helper of your ancestors.
A football stadium made entirely out of snacks!
From James Bond to Frank the Tanks, movie characters we'd love to drink with.
Listen, you've got to respect someone who cooks Eric Ripert something he's never tried before.
Doug has been hunting mushrooms commercially in the Pacific Northwest for 30 years. In recent years I've been roaming with him, meeting the pickers and buyers who work in a hidden economy known as the mushroom trail.
It's the best thing to do with your vegetables.
Gooey, crispy, creamy -- we've got your cheese-filled snacks covered with these 10 recipes.
They're just the inspiration you need for fall cooking.
You'll want to put this on everything.
JORY Restaurant takes its name from a type of soil that surrounds the restaurant and The Allison Inn. It's good for veggies
Make dinnertime easier.
A guide to cooking with the many varieties of this favorite fruit.
They're good for so much more than s'mores.
Your bread can handle more than just tomatoes and basil.
This recipe has been handed down through generations.
What does it take to write a cookbook?
First rule of cooking
When photographers become magicians.
It's the best way to celebrate the macadamia nut.
Unctuous, succulent, crispy, oh my!
I can't remember how my family came to know about the creamery. It was a little farm in Newtown, Connecticut that boasted more than 50 flavors of ice cream -- a little scoop of heaven, to be cliche.
Enjoy your favorite childhood cereal without ending up in a sugar coma.
When your principal ingredient is no longer in season, consider simply leaving it out.
Learn from the stars.
Brown rice flour is your friend in these light and fluffy muffins.
These delectable beans are so versatile, they can be served with just about any summery meal.
Eat, drink, repeat.
Just in time for Rosh Hashana.
Make the most of the time you have left with this underrated summer vegetable (actually, it's a fruit!).
It's time to master the tuna steak.
A time-honored recipe to ring in the Jewish New Year.
Are you a pumpkin fan or is blueberry more your thing?
Bellini and mimosa recipes for lovers of bubbly.
Don't even try using sandwich bread.
The mythical namesakes behind some of your favorite foods.
Don't let the school year ruin the greatest meal of the day.
Your chicken and waffles just got a little more portable!
So many of our favorite chefs are releasing cookbooks this fall. Here's a taste.
Balm chicky balm balm...
SEE MORE
A graphical depiction of acceptable toppings.
Enjoy the tradition of Parma!
If you order an ordinary chocolate milkshake or banana split when the same menu includes tobacco-scented sodas and peppercorn floats, does that mark you as cowardly and dull -- or very brave?
This chain has a knack for walking the line between mouth watering and headline worthy.
As we get ready to fire up the grill and settle in for a suds-soaked holiday weekend, we've pulled together a mixed six-pack of some of our favorite picks.
This light & fresh bread salad is a perfect accompaniment to a seafood dish. Panzanella is an Italian salad made of toasted or stale bread chunks, tomatoes and onion. It is dressed in a vinaigrette of olive oil and vinegar.
In Bridgehampton, NY there's a great little Sicilian restaurant, Osteria Salina, serving up delicious Italian food. While everything on the menu is great, the simple cucumber antipasto they bring out as soon as you sit down really stands out.
Is it just me, or are we facing a severe shortage of opinions about what one should and-more importantly-shouldn't share on a social network? To be exact, I have Instagram in mind.
Somehow, some way, we actually kind of liked these?
What better way to celebrate National Toasted Marshmallow Day?
Spike your old-timey cream soda with tequila and Campari.
All the skills you need to get your tomatoes ready for cooking (or eating).
Let's take back fruit salad, guys.
Whether you're headed to the beach this weekend for a final summer hurrah or if you're planning a leisurely staycation, Labor Day will hopefully be filled with good food, tasty drinks and a bit of relaxation.
Why not make the dip the star of the meal?
When it comes to burgers, it's not even necessary to go into why we love them. (They're just perfect, okay?!) Burgers are
Time to dust off the body paint, the team sweatshirts, party beads and face tattoos, and fire up the grill
Don't be the person who ruins this dip.
The cherry blossom tree is truly a sight to behold, especially when it is in full riotous bloom. In Japan, the cherry blossom is more than just a beautiful flowering tree.
Many in the wine industry are saying that this is the moment for American wines. As the harvest comes into full swing, I caught up with David Duncan, CEO Silver Oak Cellars and Twomey Cellars, to talk about the wine season, the state of the industry, and insider tips to wine country.
A sampling of my favorite summer cocktails.
Meet Luke Holden, the president and founder of Luke's Lobster, a sustainably focused Maine seafood company based in New York City. Luke is a proud Mainer, or \Mainiac.\
A match made in heaven that we didn't even know we were hoping for
Take back caramel corn from the state fair
America's most interesting vintage candy.
Fast food pasties, anyone?
Patience is a virtue with these yummy snacks but trust me, all are well worth the wait!
This is borderline offensive.
Like any great classic cocktail, the sidecar -- a refreshing, delightfully olde-timey mix  -- a has a murky past.
Imagine, a visit to a farmer's market being the gateway to a flash of clarity full of insightful warmth of a very revivifying nature.
Back to school!
Chefs both artisans and business persons, expected to offer patrons dishes that stimulate and surprise them. Do haute cuisine and the arts maintain similarly complex relationships with patrons and investors? The tension between commercial requirements and innovation is not easily resolved.
These are not only vegan, but allergy free too.
The complicated, messy, pungent, must-be-eaten-right-now delights to make on your day off.
What not to do with these backyard cookout essentials.
Good or bad? You decide.
Which chopped salad reigns supreme?
Get to know your Shandong from your Shanghai.
It's the best thing that's ever happened to ranch dressing.
Or, 'you must have very delicate wrists and not own any spoons.'
The most amazing things Andrew Knowlton saw, heard, and yes, devoured during his 120-day, 26,333-mile, 22-state tour of the country's best new restaurants.
Easy and delicious seafood for all.
Really ripe peppers -- the kind you can smell from ten feet away at the farmers' market -- and tomatoes are gracing our New York City Greenmarkets.
A \hot dog bar\ is the perfect solution to not feeling guilty about serving \hot dogs\ at your next gathering.
Homemade french fries that taste just like McDonald's fries. Really.
From coffee cup mosaics to donut towers, these definitely don't lack creativity.
Yes, like a disco nap, but with more pizza.
Another year, another oh-my-gosh-it's-Rosh-Hashanah-already?
You may want to avert your eyes.
Bacon is the ultimate accessory for any seductive dinner.
Crispy and still a bit chewy, with a delicate but unmistakable okra flavor, these shoestring fries are addictive.
Start thinking of leftover pickle brine as an ingredient in its own right.
When you close your eyes and picture a perfect taco, what do you see?
Brooklyn-based food truck El Olomega shares their family's secret recipes for pupusas, a traditional El Salvadorian-style street food.
The best part of every single awesome cereal, all in one amazing bowl.
The Parmesan monopoly ends here.
We (mostly) want to devour right now.
We all deserve a treat, every once in a while.
Grandma is 90 now. She does not cook anymore. But she loves to watch me. She'll mix the matzoh balls if I encourage her. She'll offer advice if I insist, but with her fingers crossed. Because she honestly thinks I do it better than she does. She is wrong.
What do you think Disney princesses and villains would drink?
What about the lobster roll's cousin, the crabmeat roll?
Finally, an app that gets us.
Flourless baking has never tasted so good.
\Grilling fast and grilling good\ is the name of the game at this meat-on-a-stick street food stop.
We're hanging our heads at the No. 1 result, guys.
Have you ever wished those store bought fruit cups were made with fresh fruit?
It's science, O.K.?
Guys, why didn't you tell us about this?
We feel like we're in a Portlandia episode.
Something special happens to vegetables, especially cucumbers, when you let them ferment.
Who doesn't want to eat soup with an artichoke spoon?
Why haven't we thought of this?
Plus, the best sausage and pepper sandwich you'll ever eat.
Chuck (Hughes), the \u00fcber cutie from the Cooking Channel's Chuck Eats The Street has a delicious relationship with food. His uninhibited demeanor makes for great conversation, great parties and most importantly, his ability to create truly inspired dishes.
RocketNews24 writes that the gargantuan offering, which costs $26 (2,580 yen), will be sold from September 1 through November
\No one cares what you had for lunch\ was one of the earliest and stickiest condemnations of social media. Years later and countless photos of food flipped through, social media users by the millions disprove this every day.
The burger just got healthy.
Enjoy
We know it sounds weird, but hear us out.
Bring your ice cream game to the next level.
If you thought the Pretzel Bacon Cheeseburger was the ultimate upgrade in burger buns, think again
Why wait 'til dessert to tickle your tastebuds with a touch of sweetness?
40 hands-on food classes for the home cook.
This is one recipe you really should keep.
Let's put an end to the blind hatred of this condiment.
From a bar in Sweden made completely out of ice to a faux-speakeasy, 15 aw-inspiring watering holes.
Chipotle's constantly testing out new dishes, some of which they'll just tease you with, others they may actually release.
This Top Chef Masters contestant is known for surprising diners -- he certainly surprised us.
Rules for booze, in the time between breakfast and lunch.
A common sponge cake baked early on was the Madeira cake. This dense buttery cake was often served as a mid-morning snack
From supper clubs to food trucks, the best vegetarian and vegan restaurants around the country.
Ditch the sandwich bread.
It's the age-old problem. You open a bottle of wine, and you don't drink all of it. How long can you keep it before it turns into raisin-flavored syrup or vinegar?
Burger King may be stepping back from introducing multi-item seasonal menus, but McDonald's apparently still finds the strategy appealing. Here are some of the fall menu items in the \robust new-product pipeline\ the chain likes to tout.
The healthiest picks of fish to eat.
The toast heard round the world.
Warning
We can't say we're surprised.
Can it possibly taste as horrible as it sounds?
For a special anniversary, a Japanese inspired dessert.
Happy National Waffle Day!
Just sneak them into your desserts.
The idea of being paid to travel the world and speak to the masses about the delights of alcohol brands like Henrick's Gin, Glenfiddich, Balvenie and Sailor Jerry Spiced Rum sounds like the stuff a lush's dreams are made of, but it's serious business.
My mother's stellar pie is her raspberry-blueberry pie, which she will only make when both raspberries and blueberries are in season.
Sugary goodness.
This makes drinking easy.
Try these 24 recipes and you'll see what we mean.
Yes, we've been embarrassed by matzah, tacos, cake, steak tartare and marinara. You?
Sometimes an old stand-by still exists for a reason.
Get in your car and start driving now.
Which food represents all your deepest hopes and dreams?
Think it's just a fuzz-less peach? Well, fine. But we still think they're special.
Some foods are just better than others.
Light means cool, refreshing, and not too filling -- you know, so you have room for s'mores later on.
Hindsight's 20/20.
Your world is about to be shaken.
Sometimes it's hard being a foodie with a day job.
The perfect summer evening dessert.
Alex Guarnaschelli drops some truth bombs.
Simple, immediate and usually not more expensive than what you're already using.
Thank you, sincerely, for tapas.
Fresh tomatoes aren't always the right choice.
Proof that Yelp users don't always provide the most accurate commentary.
With garlic-basil goat cheese.
A few reassurances for eating alone.
This is one thing this comedian would not joke about.
Le Bernardin's master chef on kitchen-design lessons home cooks can take from a professional one.
In the traditional supply chain, fish passes through many hands before arriving on your plate, and the freshest fish on the market is at least six days old. Luckily, chefs all around the country are beginning to make choices that support independent fishermen and sustainable fisheries.
For Austenland star Keri Russell, an afternoon glass of wine is totally fine. Bad music? Not so much.
With chains allowing you to serve yourself and choose from sometimes dozens of toppings, it's certainly a fun and interactive dessert that you can personalize, but what's behind all of the flavor and topping madness, and ultimately, which chain is the best?
Because grilling should never be hard.
There are a million ways to scoop a cup of flour. How do you do it?
This Kickstarter is making waves in pastured farming.
There comes a time in just about everyone's life when they feel the urge to eat some red meat.
Burgers are the most commonly found food on increasingly Americanized British menus, reports London-based researcher Horizons' 2013 Menurama survey.
What I didn't expect, though, was that 120 lbs of tomatoes would soon show up at my door! My initial excitement began to turn to apprehension. Even if I managed to cook all of them before they rotted in their boxes, how was I going to preserve so much sauce?
When I was a little girl, I used to play \Teacher.\ Clearly, I was interested in being the boss at an early age - otherwise I suppose I'd have played, \School,\ or \Early Childhood Pedagogy.\
How to find truffles (and sell them, and eat them.
Try this recipe for wonderful explosion of flavors in your mouth.
It's John Besh's family recipe.
Slice thinly, dress with olive oil, lemon, salt and pepper and enjoy one of summer's best dishes.
See why with these 18 recipes.
You want to know about this buttery French cake.
They're coated in a kalamata black olive puree.
In this case, we don't think being a snob is a bad thing.
Don't just eat like a king, eat like the king.
The Niagara Falls Country Inn & Suites just won our hearts big-time. Great work, Canada!
No, seriously. It's real.
It's just like picking up any other cooking oil, isn't it? Well, not quite.
Tips from grilling legend Steven Raichlen.
You've never seen sweets this good before.
This liver has crossed the line. Seriously.
A copper-plated, hand-cranked coffee grinder? Not so much.
Eating them straight out of the pan is another great option.
Because let's face it, fast food just isn't that cheap anymore.
Sriracha even makes an appearance.
As winemaker of Catena Zapata, he oversees the enormous and diverse production of one of the country's biggest and most prestigious premium wineries -- think Mondavi -- as well as his own \El Enemigo\ line.
Math teacher Dan Anderson breaks it down for us.
We tend to think about doctoring up burgers from the outside -- with thick strips of bacon, obviously, or themed toppers. But Suzanne Goin, the master of thoughtfully prepared, arrestingly flavorful food, takes perfect burger theory to another level -- by looking first within.
All good food tells a story. In today's growing market of regionally driven, artisan products, consumers want to be able to relate to their food; whether it be through a personal connection with the producer or an association with a particular time or place.
We are definitely going to eat our burgers with a scientific grip from now on.
Made with fresh summer peaches.
Guys, we're standing right here!
This mega chain isn't without its missteps and failures from time to time. So just what has and hasn't worked?
\Of the four different beers the subjects consumed, our augmented light beer was by far the most well retained by the body
Go ahead, return to the unadulterated joys of childhood and build the sundae of your wildest childhood dreams starting from the bottom with the ice cream base, and working all the way up to the cherry on top.
Where does your favorite place?
They call it cooking meth, but really, it's a lot more like baking. Maybe that's why I look forward to the meth cook montages on Breaking Bad.Even the finished drug is pretty, big and opaque as blue raspberry rock candy.
Maybe. Originally written and photographed by Dominique Zamora of Foodbeast.com Unlike the original Breakfast Waffle Taco
Just in time for National Rum Day!
Looking for a quick party snack? How about a quick party trick? To be safe, we've got both at once.
For most of my life, I had a conflicted relationship with pork chops. I loved their golden crescent edges. I loved to gnaw on the bone, too. However, in between the bone and that rim of lard, I generally found a featureless plain of dry and tasteless meat.
If you had asked me two weeks ago to name Japan's three greatest gifts to the rest of the world, I would have said sushi, Zen and all of Japanese cinema except the 1989 film Tetsuo
In celebration of this all-important national food holiday.
Don't listen to the haters.
This tipple brings both sweet and heat, and it's a great sipper for late summer afternoons.
What's the difference?
How obsessed are you about this campfire classic?
Here, F&W's must-visit spots before Labor Day, from lobster pounds to sno-ball shops.
As a chef and lover of flavorful foods, I too am quite passionate when it comes to my grilling technique. After years of trying different grills and experimenting with different techniques, I think the winner is clear
How to use the fresh, rich sweetness of corn as a substantial sauce for fish.
Of course, the easiest way to choose an ear of corn is to take a peek
Judged by \how badly we wanted to put it on everything.\
I consider myself extremely lucky to be able to eat at high class spots, hole in the wall joints, and everywhere in between on a regular basis (and to the immense detriment of my financial funds).
Don't dis the Swiss guys.
Float the Stroh rum on top and serve without garnish Courtesy of Martin Cate Golden Gun, created at last year's Tiki Oasis

Back-to-school shopping is no easy task
When life gives you paprika...
They make even better cakes, tarts and ice cream.
Veggie delite? Sweet onion chicken terriyaki??
Pizza, in my opinion, is the number one food that company elevates. Maybe that's why, if you flip through the journal, you'll see that pizza parties dominate the Schmidt scene.
Is it me, or has the foodternet recently exploded with recipes and how-tos for cold-brew coffee, as if the notion is somehow brand new? How is this even a thing right now?
This book isn't a frolic thru post-apocalyptic America; it's not a run-down of dystopian food porn. It's a book about a father and son looking for food, and because it is so difficult to find, and so dangerous, and yet, a non-negotiable necessity, the food takes on a role of its own.
When you find out what this stands for, you'll kneel down before this recipe.
Keep it low cost, low stress, high flavor and high fun.
Stop the mealtime injustice.
Just a touch of natural sweetness and shredded carrots, this cake can be more dressed up for a festive dessert, and any leftovers I'll allow to be eaten as a treat for breakfast because it is so light and fluffy.
Make macaroons. Make pie. Make a fancy cookie. Make chocolate bark. Make it all with almonds.
Can't swing a trip to the islands this summer? Homemade shave ice will help.
In honor of our favorite spread.
Topped with a caraway-cilantro compound butter.
And it only calls for six ingredients.
Love cereal and hate your teeth? Have we got a product for you.
We love a woman who can compare a meat dish to a Bill Blass suit.
Back in January, a truck full of caramelized brown goat cheese caught fire in a Norwegian tunnel. Normally, you'd think \melty cheese, big whup, I've had fondue,\ but this cheese fire raged for five days. It's hardly the first time huge quantities of food have triggered huge amounts of mayhem.
Post-college, Solo cups of cheap beer and \hunch punch\ just won't cut it anymore. Whether you're throwing a cocktail party
They had us at zucchini butter.
Last May, Chef David Myers (Hinoki & The Bird and Comme \u00c7a) and I were invited by the Hong Kong Tourism Board to visit Hong Kong during the inaugural Art Basel. I had visited the city once, many years ago, and was excited to see how it had changed.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, when it comes to ordering \extreme\ takeout on GrubHub, men are leading the way. \On the whole, our
Don't forget the whipped cream.
These recipes have extra heat.
Don't share. Hide in your refrigerator. Sand Creek Farm is Cameron Texas provided Antonelli's with a wonderful fresh Colby
G\u00e9rard Mulot is a p\u00e2tisserie as much as he is a man and the encounter therefore has the potential to be of equal significance.
This one is epic.
I really like sending warm school lunches. I've filled my kids thermoses with lasagna, spaghetti, rice, soups... and they are typically very receptive.
Liquid nitrogen, dehydrators, and syringes, oh my!
These gorgeous, pale-orange flowers emanate from zucchini and squash and can be found at farmers markets, or if you've played your cards right, from your own garden.
When bad cooks happen to good chicken.
I'm on your team
These designs are far more than just billboards advertising the tasty eats they're slinging.
You know, there are only so many PR events in strip clubs that a girl can take. For this girl, that number tops off at about one. One craft beer preview event in a strip club was, trust me, more than enough.
While there's no way to really know for sure what's in the bottle without opening it and tasting it, we can help uncover some of the mystery and confusion surrounding olive oil.
These are making our hearts cringe, guys.
Think this cheese is interchangeable with Parmesan? Think again.
With so many great beers coming on-line in recent years, there has never been a better time to be an American beer lover.
Marshmallows are back. They're mad that we invented Peeps. They want revenge. They are bouncing and shimmering in fancy restaurant desserts, bobbing softly in cocktails. They might even turn up in tonight's beer.
The Accidental Locavore's Internet friend Jeff Parker posted this great sounding lamb recipe a few months ago. Months of bad weather and strange weekend plans kept this from happening until this past weekend, when finally, lamb met rotisserie and, boy, was it good!
Your journey from Schraderbrau-swilling simpleton to master chemist of cocktails has just begun.
This liquor has thus proved a fertile breeding ground for myths, which have taken root and spread.
We've waxed poetic about berries before, those devilish beauties that are impossible to resist. But beneath their beautiful veneers lies a colorful -- and dare we say fatal -- juice. Until now, that is.
Secret ingredient
Bring on the nostalgia.
\Cumelen\ is the Mapuche word for happy -- which is what you'll be when you drink this wine.
Travel the globe from your kitchen
Here are 10 mains to make this summer that celebrate the best flavors of the season, sans grill.
The Peachoid, which looms over I-85, is any repatriating South Carolinian road-tripper's first real assurance that, yes, Virginia, you've made it home.
The bounty of summer produce available at farmers markets tilts our diet towards the vegetarian end of the spectrum, at least until fall sets in and we start craving heavier fare. Here are some of our favorite finds to help beat summer's heat.
Michael Y. Park The tomato may be a relative newcomer to the wider world's dining table, but there's no denying that the
Flavored with everything from pizza to sausage and gravy.
Not everything will ever go according to plan, but we have some tips to ensure you have more fun.
We have a lot of trips to plan.
As an ode to the wisest of all cookies -- aside from the Fig Newton -- we cracked open a lifetime's worth* of fortune cookies to investigate which sound the funniest... in bed!! Because that's what people say to be hilarious.
You've never tasted them this sweet.
There weren't many middle of the road opinions on the issue -- Brees was either a cheapskate or a victim depending on who you talked to. And, the dust hasn't settled quite yet. Brees' $3 tip has led to an international conversation on American tipping customs.
We don't throw this term around a lot, but this is kind of genius.
Don't let this summer fruit pass you by.
Who needs a pitcher when you can serve drinks in one of these?
Once you try 'the caviar of the South,' you will never go back.
Have you ever noticed that when people get together to do something like pick blueberries things change?
Is there a connection between Italy's volcanic activity, or volcanic soils, and wine production?
One of the most important lessons for a brand new food company is to make friends with other entrepreneurs in the industry. We at Bandar Foods have been trying to make friends with a number of people, and were fortunate to meet Vincent Kitirattragarn, the founder of Dang Coconut Chips.
Good ice makes a difference, but what is \good ice?\
Where the stars go for burgers and pizza.
Only this shellfish can make salad exciting again.
They're even thinner than your favorite thin-crust.
Later this month McDonald's will depart from that classic build with the limited-time addition of an Angus Mac variation in Australia.
Stop ruining your breakfast already!
Cool down this summer with rockets, sailboats and robots.
We've railed against single-purpose tools before... but these are different.
If you aren't up for laboriously assembling bites of sushi, try this deconstructed sushi bowl!
This dessert snack has a serious identity crisis.
Stop making these cringe-worthy food faux pas.
These show-stopping recipes will keep them coming back for seconds.
Which of these gives you the willies?
Big Macs around the world come in very different shapes and sizes. To get a better idea of how these burgers size up when compared against one another, we considered their price, typical ingredients, and nutritional information.
Which of these would you want to try?
Heirloom grains grown through biodynamic farming creates a pasta that is delicious and nutritious
It's coming August 22!
Within the past year, several companies have decided to tackle the growing segment of the population that wants to cook at home, but needs a little help selecting a recipe and delivering pre-portion-sized groceries.
Seasonal vegetables, simple cooking techniques and lots and lots of olive oil.
New Yorkers don't seem to mind waiting in lines too much. People will camp out for hours to get tickets for Shakespeare in
Cronuts, Doritos Locos, Pop Tart ice cream sandwiches... when will it end?
A couple of others are queuing up to share the mantle with malbec.
Not everyone has the time to chop, blend, pur\u00e9e, and make juice at home.
For a summery spin, layer strawberries in between the layers of cake for a sweet surprise!
I have just seen the coolest thing in the wine world.  It's a game changer.  I have to tell you I've seen the future of wine.
Click through the gallery below, courtesy of Earth911, to see other uses for old coffee grounds. Forget boozy coffee drinks
Eat like a movie star.
Desperate for a spicy tuna roll but also a little bit lazy? We have the solution.
Stuffed with cheese too!
Here's a classic basil sauce that won't turn brown the minute you toss it with hot pasta! The trick? Read here to find out!
Who makes the best iced coffee?
We're moving past love and way into obsession here.
These are pathetic guys.
Happy National Oyster Day, y'all!
Recipes and wisdom from some of New York's favorite chefs.
Cooking at home has never been more appealing--everyone knows cooking at home is healthier, less expensive, and infinitely more satisfying than eating out or takeout. But have you tried selecting a recipe online lately?
A hot cup of spicy chai is a fabulous way to start the day
Summer calls for lighter wines that won't weigh you down. From crisp sparklers and aromatic whites to refreshing ros\u00e9s and sweet dessert wines, GAYOT's Top 10 Summer Wines are perfect for al fresco dining.
Abendbrot, the evening bread, an evening meal of breads, meats, cheeses and various condiments, most always accompanied by a glass of beer or glass of wine, is one of my favorite meals. It's the leisurely intake and recognition of life's simplest pleasure.
Sometimes the Accidental Locavore truly is accidentally local. Such is the case with one of my all-time favorite marinades for chicken.
The hunt is on for the world's best food found in the most remote corners of the Earth.
Best part? You don't need an ice-cream maker!
Some bloggers contribute to magazines, write books or restaurant guides, teach cooking classes and even become a local authority on food. A few lucky ones are able to get a job in a related field. But the bitter truth is 75% of food bloggers do not make any money from their blogs.
Taco Bell's next flavor has arrived.
A delightful summer dessert, and a great way to use too-hard grocery store peaches.
These are better than the rest. They're loaded with goat cheese.
We can't believe these are still being shot today.
We agree that these things are totally scary, but they are also delicious, so let's forge ahead.
It's still summer, it's still too warm to turn the oven on, let's celebrate!
This chip clip is the real deal.
Don't ruin another drink again!
Grazin' is the world's FIRST farm-to-table direct, 100 percent Animal Welfare Approved grassfed and finished burger joint.
Super cute!
Ever had one of those days when you wish you could throw everything in a pot and it cooked by itself?
We've got 25 recipes to help you do just that.
Berries are both precious and frustrating, expensive and fragile. Here's how to extend their lifespan.
If there's such thing as a perfect food, a great lobster roll could very well be it.
Within the past year, several companies are tackling the growing segment of the population that wants to cook at home, but needs a little help.
This dip makes for a sensational hors d'oeuvre or antipasto.
Some call it porridge. A more medieval term for it is gruel. In Chinatown it is known as congee.
Convenience need not trump taste.
And there's no better place to start than with the masters at Suntory.
Finally someone has combined the two things that Texans love the most.
Not feeling like roast chicken, try these other recipes! Chicken is not an easy dish to master. And with all the hundreds
Labor Day is closer than it might seem! So while you're still wearing white, here are 10 recipes to rely on that won't stain your digs.
With a grain as their base, these salads hit a perfect balance between being light and leaving you totally satisfied.
It's time to start layering them.
Yes, seriously. Apparently this is a thing. A delicious thing.
Cronut, your time is done.
For humanity and science, a list from worst to best.
A swiss-chard faux-gratin for a hot New York evening when there was no way I was going to turn the oven on.
Celebrate with trivia -- and a big bag of the pink confection.
Want to burn your face off? Just provide a tiny bit of heat, salt and vinegar? It's up to you!
A few easy tricks to remove pits and start enjoying the summer's juiciest, most colorful fruits.
Step outside the box with grilled strawberry kebabs or pasta with strawberry sauce, or stick to the classic shortcake.
Sneak this French cheese into all of your meals.
Alicia Silverstone, Coolio and Tony Danza are just some of the celebrities who have written cookbooks.
No cooking required for this recipe -- perfect for a hot summer day!
It's time to get breakfast right.
Reason number one that summer is the worst
We dare you to try them homemade.
We're warning you, mayonnaise is involved.
Which dog is top dog?
All the most important tips, crammed into two minutes.
One more way to get closer to Queen Bey.
New Zealand is a lot like California, but with fewer hipper-than-thou A-holes. This might just be a population-ratio thing
From high-end lounges on the Strip to hidden gems off the beaten track, any of these watering holes are a sure bet.
You want a venti, quadruple shot, half caff, non fat, what?!
A breakdown of the best gins and vermouths to mix up.
'Living a champagne lifestyle on a Kool-Aid pocket book.'
Feel free to lick the spoon.
I don't always appreciate the Yankee humor that's incorporated into the television show, but it's just a New England varnish
Cooking can be a valuable social connector for kids, teens and families -- more delicious than any web experience could ever hope to be.  If families started cooking together, and then eating together, there's a good chance they could create healthy taste memories to last a lifetime.
You can't imagine the thrill and the excitement we shared with a group of our special friends when we received the most incredible assortment of cave aged cheeses from Mons fromager-affineur in France.
Years ago, being a vegetarian, vegan or any other speciality diet, was without a doubt a challenge. Finding food items, let alone great tasting ones, was often very hard.  Fast forward to the present, and unique eats for any diet or needs are everywhere -- and even better than before.
Three years ago I conducted a cooking experiment...
As told by Loren Brill & Sarah Kaplan (faithful Sweet Loren's intern and chocolate enthusiast) The Cronut\u2122 has a surprisingly
We can't get enough of this spicy-sweet combination.
The team at HonestlyYUM is making us thirsty again.
This dish is surprisingly easy and packed with flavor.
From tomato sauce to barbecue sauce to pesto -- we've got your saucy bases covered this summer.
Guys, WTF does this thing do?
Don't cry over this.
Even if we don't always remember the history behind the Colosseum or who built Machu Picchu, we always remember the food.
Just keep an open mind guys.
Veuve Clicquot's new box design is a major upgrade.
You'll never have to stare sadly down at nothingness during a conversational lull again.
The wackiest food lies our parents told us.
The healthiest of snacks.
We're on a quest for tender, fluffy cake, at just about any cost.
Living in New York, I often take for granted the wealth of international cuisines available to me on a daily basis. Last week, I indulged in offerings from many corners of the globe, from Mexico to France, China to Spain.
In all seriousness, we would love to buy nine out of ten people on this list a beer.
They're not just for salsa.
The future of Argentine wines in the American market.
One of our favorite Chinese cooking staples.
Here's something you definitely don't need.
Hint
America's love affair with iced tea dates back to the 1904 World's Fair. Today, over 80 percent of tea consumed in the U.S. is served iced.
Maybe you should consider giving these another try.
Homemade English muffins, by Momofuku Milk Bar's Christina Tosi.
Bake it. You'll see.
Dunkin' Donuts jumps on the pretzel-roll bandwagon next week by rolling out a new Pretzel Roll Bakery Sandwich, the chain told analysts this week.
If the BBQ trail guides your travel plans like it does mine, heading to Austin, Texas for the most exquisite brisket has to be on your bucket list.
Apricots are here for so little time, their season so short, that their goodness excites me each year as if it's the first time all over again.
These salads are quick, require minimal or no cooking, and are a great way to enjoy all the colorful produce that's in season.
Bravo, Batali.
Jeremy Stanton, the chef and proprietor of sustainable butcher shop The Meat Market, has a way with fire.
Average humans
There is absolutely only one way you should try this at home.
I felt like a prisoner last night at San Francisco's Hyatt Regency Hotel. That's because the hotel's Eclipse Restaurant is now serving meals based on those that were served to Al Capone, the Birdman and other inmates at Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary.
Genius
Lets welcome the new HRH Prince of Cambridge by raising a glass and toasting the newest royal.
Since you can't get it in the States, it's still a cultural experience.
The newest in cold desserts.
Pack your knives and go... look at how brutal the restaurant business can be!
Just don't try them in the drive-thru.
It's a hangover cure, it's a nutritious breakfast; what more could you want?
Grilled to perfection.
How many are you guilty of?
Looking for the ideal summer drink? Do you feel like something juicy, light to medium in body, refreshing and low in alcohol?
Beer labels like you've never seen them before.
It's time to give this tropical fruit a try.
My grandmother taught me to like escargot. How? She didn't give me any other choice.
One, less-practiced way to put all that delicious summer fruit to good use.
Unlike some other ways of cooking ribs, this is not about smoke and seasoning
Earlier this year, the Accidental Locavore was introduced to Tessa Edick, who for the past two years has put on a great event for the local farming community
The trials and tribulations of growing a small food business.
Food52 is a community for people who love food and cooking. Follow them at Food52.com -- and check out their new kitchen
Ready to gawk?
America's favorite edible invertebrate.
Tell us what you think of this Pinterest trend.
At last week's Measured Indulgence Conference in San Francisco, celebrated French pastry chef Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Bau proposed a revolution. That's what he called it, and although it's not a secret plan to fill every Oreo Cookie on earth with ganache, it is radical -- at least in France.
Happy National Tequila Day!
Authentic? Oh, definitely not. Delicious? Holy yes.
We like to think of this Mexican cheese as a cross between feta and Parmesan.
Summer cooking has never been this good.
The perfect accompaniment to a summer-time cocktail.
This version has a salty secret ingredient.
An epicurean haven has just arrived to London's Somerset House, where a vast array of elBulli-everything is on display for all to see.
I was immediately reminded of how complex and refined Thai cooking is. Nothing is straightforward. Beyond the spiciness, which for some can be overpowering, sauces, condiments, relishes, spices, and herbs provide layers and layers of flavors.
What causes a \smoke ring\ to form around smoked meats?
This crumble showcases the bright flavor and natural sugar of ripe fruit.
Don't leave your cone unattended around these dogs and cats.
McDonald's, Five Guys, Burger King... which chain does it best?
Maharaja Mac anyone? How about a McBean?
Hold The Greens, Please.
But were too lazy to find out.
Last month in the Detroit suburb of West Bloomfield, a cooking competition was held unlike the any of the various reality show-types you've seen on TV -- and it offers hope for the future.
Apple isn't the only one.
Grilling fish whole is one of the easiest, most delicious ways to enjoy summer cooking.
Don't be fooled by their misleading titles.
Eat your vegetables, in all their raw, crunchy glory.
With a chicken fried link smothered in watermelon guac, this sandwich is the edible version of human genius.
Hold the mayo, unleash the butter.
On a recent excursion to the Netherlands, I was left bubbling with gastrodiplomacy ideas for the Dutch.
It's pretty simple
With shrimp, feta and red peppers.
We're just a little bit scared.
We are a society that may value convenience a little too much.
National Tequila Day is July 24. Here are the 10 best reasons to celebrate.
While the city's haute dining scene is poppin' off at the moment, on my latest trip to Chicago I largely stuck to tradition, vowing to return and take the gastro route on my next trip.
Food made for wine can be a good shortcut right out of the package, but there's nothing like a fresh artisanal product.
If you love Italian food, you must watch this video.
Our mouths are watering.
Made with crisp Napa cabbage, crunchy vegetables, edamame and creamy peanut dressing, this was inspired by the Thai Crunch Salad from California Pizza Kitchen.
Make fries at home with this easy recipe!
No deep fried Oreos, Kool-Aid, butter or Coke on this list. Those aren't foods, they're novelties.
All hail local flavor.
And all of them involve dessert.
Take a deep breath and trust us on this one.
Easy recipes that require only two ingredients.
Unusual burger toppings are all the hype right now, but why should burgers get all the attention?
I love salmon
Delicious, nutritious and refreshing, beer is a 100 percent natural way to unwind after a long, hot day. Next time you're shopping, check out one of these world-class summer beers.
Don your bathrobe and pretend it's a silk smoking jacket as you get a taste for three of the priciest brandies out there.
In the mood for barbecue, but it's just too hot to light the grill?
Canned peas? Really?!
It's the place your friends keep saying you have to try when you visit their hometown. They think you're crazy for never having tasted it.
Hold up. You can cook food in your dishwasher?!
The humble cucumber is transformed into a beautiful gazpacho.
This Tortilla Espa\u00f1ola, or Spanish Tortilla,\u00a0make a perfect dinner or brunch recipe.
Cool down during this heat wave with a classic, refreshing daiquiri.
Shellfish has never tasted so good.
The passed morsels of appetizer-y goodness you should seek out with the greatest fervor.
Turns out $2.99 can get you more than one brand.
The only gift-wrapping paper you'll ever need.
Spreads have come a long way from the days of instant-soup packets mixed with sour cream.
You've had beef steaks on the grill, and you've probably had Portobello steaks, but have you had cauliflower steaks before?
Food can evoke cherished memories, many of which are formed during childhood.  Summer vacation is the perfect opportunity to create and share culinary memories with children.  My daughter and I have been making these memories since she was in her high chair.
Don't sacrifice flavor when your friends sacrifice gluten.
Besides the ricotta and mascarpone filling.
They're one of our favorite ways to turn eggs into a vessel for cheese.
Whether I speak the language, or have the opportunity to use anything I might find at the market, I just love to go and wander, see what's available, watch the locals bargaining and commenting on the day's offerings.
Some of the restaurants in our list are still well-remembered, and in fact you might not have realized that a couple of them
From kernels that brighten pasta, to whole cobs charred on the grill, corn is a summer staple for a reason.
Pineapple and potato chips? Dill pickles and bacon? Wasabi mayo and sushi nori? These are the odd creations that make the little hole-in-the-wall that is Simon's worth a visit. They have incorporated the flavors of the world with the classic American hot dog.
Your vegetable-oriented guests will be relieved to have a break from tofu and pasta.
Perfectly salted.
From cotton candy to 'duck soup,' the first tastes we remember never cease to amaze.
This fresh salad recipe is the perfect blend of light vegetables and heart-healthy fats.
Now we're craving some salmon.
Grandpa was a great cook.  Mom says he cooked \out of self-defense,\ in an age when a home kitchen was generally a woman's preserve.
Wine and lemon juice make this a sparkling, slightly tart dish; the vegetables add their own sweetness and aroma
End in the glass, but start in the garden
Beat the summer heatwave with this ridiculously simple trick that keeps your vodka ice-cold for hours.
Originally invented as a medicine, this syrupy Italian liqueur is thick and brown and bittersweetly nasty, yet it's wildly
New Zealand is a relatively new player on the world wine stage, and Pinot Noir is coming on strong there.
There's magic hiding in your cupboard.
This is one cheese everyone should know.
From the mint julep to the mojito, mint is the herbal star of summertime sipping.
Food porn, sweeping landscapes and globe lamps from 'under the yellow sign'.
You've seen chocolate covered bacon, and you've seen the bacon weave taco shell. But have you seen them together?
Who can resist taking a spoonful of intensely flavorful, warm summer fruits topped with biscuit-y dough?
Vegan and cheesy? Trust us.
Chris Howell, the talented General Manager and Winemaker of Cain Vineyards in Spring Mountain, shares his views on wine, grape growing, winemaking, Napa Valley, Spring Mountain and more.
More from Chris Howell, the talented General Manager and Winemaker of Cain Vineyards.
Guys, BK makes a mean frittata.
Skip the fast food and convenience-store duds, and try one of these 10 easy, portable recipes.
Can we just get a decent sandwich? Please?
The finest steakhouses the country has to offer
Nothing says 'Merica more than burgers and bacon. Or, burger made of bacon.
Pickles are involved, in a very good way.
Barbecue wouldn't be the same without it.
Just be glad these fails never happened to you.
People care about this spirit the same way they care about sports teams and mother countries.
You'll find everything from goat-cheese-and-cashew-caramel in Chicago to chocolate smoked sea salt or jalape\u00f1o in San Francisco.
Who knew you could actually join in a large scale roadkill cook-off?
Superficially speaking, of course.
The best in summer reading.
Refrain! No matter how much you want to give in.
There are a lot of great way to eat peaches
If you're looking for a cool and refreshing salad recipe for this summer, look no further.
Because cooling it off is just as important as firing it up, here are the proper ways shut down a grill.
Excuse us, we have some rings, necklaces and brooches to acquire.
The five greatest coffee cocktails... ever.
Fret not, '90s kids. While it may be harder to unwrap these starbursts with your tongue (\u00e0 la the commercial we all know and love), these candies are just smaller, bite-sized versions of the original.
When your baby is a teeny little thing, it's easy to strap on a Baby Bjorn and head to your favorite restaurant without a
Give this recipe a try. You won't regret the taste but you will have to make up for the calories
Summer is for adventures, seafood and sunshine, and I managed to accomplish all of these in one week (and one taste!)
Packing lunch for our kids doesn't end when the school year does. For many of us, we're still packing for daycare, work, and even summer camps. Need ideas? These 10 will help you get out of the PB&J rut.
Suck, nibble, bite or chew? Who am I to tell you what to do? How to eat a mango really, is up to you.
These simple tips from my cookbook, Sweet & Skinny, will help to cut fat and calories out of your diet, without leaving you feeling deprived.
If Andre has taught me one thing, it's that you don't judge a career by a win or a loss, or even a match. Because a career is made up of dozens of matches, each one a life in miniature, and each one worth living to the fullest.
Besides the fact that they're loaded with uber-healthy qualities.
We WANT to hate these, but we kind of love them.
Last week the Summer Fancy Food Show took over New York's Javits Center, with thousands of vendors and distributors offering samples of the world's best gourmet products.
On July 15, they finally return.
From the McLean Delux to the Hula Burger, here are the golden flops from McDonald's.
They're an embarrassment to food in general.
There's a little science and math involved, then you play with flavors, you follow your instincts.
The best in smoked fish.
What is the greatest, most reliable producer in Champagne across the board, especially when money is no object? For me, without a doubt, it is the House of Krug.
These fish tacos go perfectly with spicy micheladas.
These chicken skewers marinated in honey, lime and Sriracha are every bit as good as they look.
The Solita Bar & Grill in Manchester, England, is celebrating Andy Murray's triumph at Wimbledon with a Scottish-themed burger called The Murray. It wouldn't be Scottish without a bit of deep-fried haggis, but there's more of course.
Not too sweet, not too heavy, but just right.
A few quick tips to selecting fresh fish and why buying local will taste a whole lot better.
You only have yourselves to blame.
Just as beer drinkers are wise to bolster their knowledge and appreciation of fine wine, so too are wine lovers well served by opening their palates to embrace the attributes of great beer. And with the hot and muggy season upon us, what better time to begin the exploration?
One of the food world's greatest mysteries has been solved.
Perfectly.
This old-school drive-in is an Albuquerque institution.
10 summer recipes that are begging to be eaten as leftovers.
Seeing all the Asian veggies at the Poughkeepsie Farm Project's CSA gave me an idea for a version of my favorite Thai mint fried rice.
Wine + fruit + ice + an adventurous spirit = perfect summer refreshment.
Artisanal foods, too, can be \fast.\ Advances in technology are transforming the field, making luxuries such as small-batch coffee and forbidden rice with sun-dried mangoes instantaneous or nearly so.
Food writing at its best.
After visiting Vancouver for the second time in the past few months I feel the need to share the delectable food experiences I have enjoyed while there. If you haven't visited the city recently, then you are missing out.
You've never tasted them this good.
It's hard to beat the awesomeness that is this dessert.
The best pastry chefs in America today, and their extraordinary creations.
It doesn't seem completely ground-breaking to us yet, especially given the price tag.
We'll be drinking our bubbly inside-out from now on, thank you.
Food is this designer's canvas. In her hands, food becomes something avant-garde, strange, but also deeply intimate and familiar.
What we learned from the specialty food industry's most important opportunity to mingle, make deals, discuss trends, and generally stuff face.
Rollerskating waitresses or not, here are the best drive-in restaurants our country has to offer.
These sorbet recipes are anything but ordinary.
Stay cool this summer with these popsicles.
Obsessed with cronuts? Chef Ansel is waking up every day at 3:30am for you!
Every week on Food52, we announce a new Wildcard winner
Not just cucumbers and okra -- we're talking strawberries, rhubarb and more.
Think you know everything about vodka? Think again.
Nabisco? Hostess? Please, it's all about Lotte, Glico and Calbee.
This is an opportunity for all of us to learn and grow from her highly-publicized mistake.  We are all responsible for what we say.  We can change anything in our lives for the better, but first we have to make the decision to try.
We'd do anything for a flakey crust.
All of them delicious.
How could you not love zucchini flowers?
Go beyond the lobster roll and discover what Portland, Maine has to offer with these tips from two local chefs.
We want to give every single one of you a hug. It's going to be okay.
Running around outside always works up our appetite for something sweet.
Other countries use different words altogether. Check out how \beer\ is said across Europe in the map below, which was made
Not they're not just for cookies either.
This cookie will change your life. Seriously.
We promise, you can do this.
What's the best way to become a pretentious wine drinker? Start by rejecting the regular wine list.
It is officially too hot to do anything except lounge by the pool. And no pool day is complete without some fruity beverages.
Tender, mild, a little bit nutty and so pretty -- it's salad time.
In Japan, McDonald's is taking both the \limited-time offer\ and \premium price\ concepts to new extremes. The chain's \Quarter Pounder Jewelry\ promotion is three gem-stone-themed Quarter Pounder burgers, each of which is available for one day only.
Nice knife skills, chef.
You might have to plan ahead for these guys, and it's really not all that long until the heat gets to the unbearable point one might expect in late July or early August.
Despite the bacon and brown butter, the overall flavor of this dish is surprisingly light and refreshing, thanks to the crisp, tender texture of the Brussels sprouts and a generous squirt of lemon. It's light, healthy and decadent all at the same time.
Although the list curiously avoids any mentions of Nutella, bacon or even Sriracha, it's an interesting look into the future of culinary trends via the perspective of an experienced chef -- aka, somebody other than a \foodie\ blogger.
The scoop on the best parlors to satisfy your creamy cravings worldwide.
In a salute to some of my favorite local restaurants, coffee shops, lobster shacks, and ice cream parlors on Martha's Vineyard, I have the characters in my book, Island Apart, visit the same places where my wife and I like to eat.
It's often the case that our eyes are bigger than our stomachs, and the once plump and happy fruit we bought at the beginning of the week can start to look a little sad in the fridge. Fear not!
It never fails. If I ask my kids what they want for dinner, given anything, they almost always ask for salmon. I love it
What Bourdain has managed to do is recruit the local cuisine and the people who eat, prepare and celebrate it as guides and storytellers, helping sharpen our sense of place. After all, food is universally necessary, commonly beloved.
We know, you think your mom makes the best fried chicken out there. Nostalgia and hometown bias aside, though, many of us are also very opinionated about our favorite fried chicken joints outside of our own childhood kitchens.
Spices are my favourite ingredients to use in the kitchen. They add so much flavour to a dish and they help to reduce the amount of salt and fat you need to use - this is a good thing guys!
Planning a cookout this 4th of July? Fire up the grill and shake up a round with these Imbibe-inspired Independence Day eats and drinks.
Can we improve or heighten our senses of taste and smell -- \training\ them, just as we might train for a sport?
What is it about wings that has earned them a cult following?
July 4 is about eating well, sitting back and enjoying each other's company. Except when it's not...
This week saw two instances of that oft flavorless item, chicken breast, prepared to fantastic perfection, four (!) fine dining experiences, and one gratis snack to round things out.
If you can't find these pints at your local store, don't despair.
A a foraged recipe, compliments of pastry chef Sarah Villamere from Langdon Hall in Toronto
If you can get the makings, you will amaze your guests -- and yourself.
You'll never buy croutons again... and you'll blow people's minds.
There's nothing quite as delicious as freshly churned homemade ice cream.
With no baking required, these fudgy treats are a perfect way to beat the summer heat.
While Americans have welcomed all kinds of imported cuisines with open arms, a whole slew of British food has never caught on in the U.S. Maybe we're still resistant to our former colonizers. More likely, however, these foods simply got lost in translation.
It seems like the Founding Fathers were on to something with all this beer drinking, and we have to say, we're impressed with their ability to lay the foundations of our nation after knocking back a few.
Forget the standard fare. Throw the ultimate July 4th party with these easy gourmet grilling recipes.
The perfect side to bring to your next picnic or barbecue.
These bourbons and ryes will make you proud of our country.
Whip up one batch, kick back and enjoy!
Thursday, June 19 Thursday June 13 Tuesday, June 17 12:11pm
I wish you all a very happy and healthy Independence Day with a tasty tribute to all of the accomplishments you have made that have allowed you to grow and advance as a person.
Where to find the best frozen treats around the country, from old-time ice cream parlors to imaginative gelato shops.
Let's get something out of the way right this second
Prove it with this incredible swag from Etsy.
We think a road trip is in order.
Next time you're thirsty, reach for one of these.
Cow-free ice cream can taste just as good!
Why should you contribute? Well besides the fact that if the project gets funded you get to see cereal made before your eyes
Mark Firth, the owner and chief farmhand of the Bell & Anchor, \just want(s) to eat well and keep it unpretentious.\
In effort to be civicly and culinarily responsible, here are four recipes that I love and use on days I want to cut the meat.
Between the Shark Bites and Bugles, this will not be an easy decision.
Try not to make your non-playable beer bottles feel too inadequate.
Food lies you've probably been fed.
Burger joints are moving away from build-your-own to wild-creations menus. Here are some of the most noteworthy.
Bacon. Bacon. Bacon. Bacon. Bacon.
Leave the ice cream at home and pack a basket with these delicious picnic bites everyone will love.
And destroys the cook's dignity.
Although they seem exotic, they are some of the most cultivated fungi in the world. Eat up!
One of each, please.
Get more popcorn recipes. If you're looking for a caramel corn recipe to get you started, we've got just the one. Our caramel
Mascarpone is definitely one of them.
A perfect dish to make when tomatoes are at their peak!
A wonderfully nostalgic and delicious treat.
You should try this Sicilian specialty.
I asked modern-day mixologists for their new takes on this now-controversial, much-mocked classic cocktail. I now give you Seventeen Tequila Sunrises:
Essential tips to start making your own at home.
For starters, they embody a satisfying umami you can't get from any other plant-based food.
Gouda is like a chameleon -- only significantly more delicious.
No one can say it isn't innovative.
Indoor s'mores, for those of us who live in the city.
Pulled pork is ridiculously simple to make, but it looks and tastes like you've been cooking all day.
An ode to the unsung cheap beers of America.
Real Greek Feta is all sheep milk cheese, smooth and creamy.
It's worth every dish you'll have to wash. Promise.
While In-N-Out still claims they have no \secret menu,\ they've acknowledged a fair amount of their off-menu items through a page on their website. I had heard of Animal Style and Protein Style, but until a few days ago, I had never heard of the Monkey Style burger.
The Bay Area's ultimate indie fisherman.
Sweet empanadas are perfect for breakfast or dessert.
Chardonnay has been one of the hallmark wines made in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Regional recipes from across the country that showcase quintessential American home-cooking.
Think outside the hamburger.
We all need more pomegranate juice, cardamom, rosewater, pistachios and saffron.
A sous-vide machine you can make at home, and the perfect soft-boiled egg to go with it.
Burger King tomorrow will begin serving cocktails such as Mojitos and Pink Daiquiris to accompany new barbecued-rib dinners in three Tokyo restaurants.
Here are a few great tips to help you get through your next BBQ outing unscathed.
Serving everything from kimchi kraut to bulgolgi-covered hot dogs, food trucks are still cool.
Are most of these completely juvenile? Absolutely. But we still want them.
Take comfort in knowing that Alabama Slammers do indeed have roots in Alabama.
Is 'terroir' really a myth?
Uruguay's booming economy and rapidly improving wine culture are creating great options for wine and food holidays in this delightful small South American country, with its great beaches and increasingly delicious wines.
What happens when New World wine regions start messing with the crown jewels of Burgundy and Bordeaux?
These taste just like banana bread.
You made childhood mornings so much better.
You need more burrata in your life. Allow us to help.
Necessity is the mother of invention, and so the tradition of salting, smoking and air drying was born.
Some are char-grilled, or griddled, or even smoked. Some are packed with suet or beef made from magic Japanese cattle.
You can add this dish to just about everything.
An incredible and healthy grilled dinner.
Lots of chefs, lots of food.
With young early-summer peas, I can think of nothing better than a dinner of plain crushed peas.
Cooking is back. But many in our city still don't have the time or the financial means to dedicate themselves to it on a daily basis.
One of the joys of charcuterie is that great cured meats can and do come from anywhere.
But until recently, one aspect of the dining experience was lost in translation
Do you enjoy them out of the basket, dipped in chocolate, or frozen into ice cubes (a brilliant way to beautify your next glass of lemonade)?
Put your beloved chocolate and vanilla back in the freezer and try one -- or all! -- of these unique flavors.
There's not much that can make dessert better. It's already full of all of our favorite things
Related to the cobbler, this is the perfect summertime dessert.
Ultra-tender meatballs with a surprising magic ingredient, from the one and only Rao's.
All salads should have bread in it.
With the noisy introductions of such recent entrees as Wendy's Pretzel Bacon Cheeseburger, Sonic's Pretzel Dogs and McDonald's new Quarter Pounders it's been easy to overlook the quiet race for iced-tea supremacy going on among the top burger chains.
Think outside the registry.
This late spring farmer's market arrival will convert even the most garlic-averse.
NY BBQ has arrived.
Real Chicago deep-dish pizza is more of a savory pie than a fluffy, focaccia-like bread.
American wine buyers face different restrictions in every state, but the American Wine Consumer Coalition is out to change all that.
Sky Ice, an artisan, all-natural ice cream shop in Park Slope, Brooklyn, is churning our flavors like lychee rose, wasabi peanut butter and dark chocolate campfire.
There are so many bad ones out there.
Even better than an egg salad.
Last week, a bunch of Asian veggies inspired a Thai-styled fried rice with some of the leftover pork loin.
Custom stencils have changed your morning cup of joe forever.
How much do we really know about this monolith of coffee, pastries, and inexplicably intense Boston pride?
Nope, none of them come in a bowl with milk.
From casseroles to pastas.
This Mexican-inspired salad is referred to as \veggie crack\ because it so addictive.
White chocolate
When this Tennessee dairy farmer starts talking about milk, we listen.
Whoever received this for their birthday must really love Tui IPA.
Some of these are barely recognizable as eating utensils.
With many dips in the deep fryer and a meat-and-shellfish-heavy few days, this was not a particularly healthy week, but delicious, adventuresome and altogether delightful it was.
For when you really need that caffeine fix.
This is what summertime \baking\ is all about.
Pizza Hut tries to go upscale.
You guessed it. This burger has a toasted pretzel bun.
Which recipe for liquid refreshment will we fall in love with this year?
Whether you need a quick weeknight meal or impressive dish for entertaining, these seafood recipes have you covered.
We made a startling discovery about this sugary treat
You can take your mint tea, mint ice cream, mint and lamb and whatever else you might use fresh mint for. I use it exclusively for the mojito.
This complex condiment manages to make everything it touches taste better.
A list of flavors, from worst to best.
\Would you like fries with that?\ The bests and the busts of America's fast food fries.
Smothering these warm pancakes with some butter or peanut butter, and drizzling with maple syrup and a sprinkle of cinnamon makes a great breakfast!
The burger
It's worth every minute.
McDonald's is renewing its push to foster innovation as the way to build its QSR sales leadership in a slow-growth restaurant marketplace. The result of that push may be significant developments in food, store operations and technology.
This podcast host is NOT happy with our dessert ranking.
Although freshly caught fish and shellfish need no embellishment there's nothing wrong with a little gussying up.
If you can get batter to stick to it, it's fry-able.
Banana Pudding Rolls, where have you been all our lives?!?!?
A new cuisine based on old flavors, local ingredients, nostalgic resonances, and the culinary culture clash.
And it was surprisingly delicious!
No baking skills required.
We think you deserve a chuckle, or at least a pensive \hmm\ when you pull one of these out.
We cannot think of a universe where this isn't totally dangerous.
Ribs
A few days prior to Father's Day weekend, a friend of mine asked me if I'd ever been to the Blue Ridge BBQ Festival in Tyron.
Dig into the best ingredients that summer supplies -- little neck clams, cherry stone clams, shrimp, lobsters, mussels, corn on the cob, Andouille sausage -- without having to dig a fire pit or do any heavy lifting.
Don't let its simplicity trick you into thinking that this refreshing drink is boring.
There's no feta in these. They're Palestinian style.
Stick to the original, Oreo.
The longest -- and hopefully the sunniest -- day of the year is always a cause for celebration.
Booze-filled punches knocked out by the country's top mixologists.
These recipes are so beautiful that they are kind of freaking us out.
When it comes to healthy eating for kids, farmers markets build an important connection -- beyond the food.
Street food is for masochists. Not the food part. As food, street food is as good as any other food, and sometimes better. I mean the street part.
It's the best way to keep cool.
Pillowy cupcakes filled with strawberries and cream.
When it comes to serving wine with seafood, we want the wine to marry with the delicate flavors of the fish.
Quite possibly the greatest fast food invention of all time.
Warning
Island Apart is a foodie love story set on Chappaquiddick Island in Martha's Vineyard.
Gone are the days of trying to fit your cookie into an uncooperative glass.
And the award for the most worthless kitchen tool goes to...
We're set to receive a box ourselves (stay tuned for a taste test!), and initial reports have us optimistic about the cookie's
Just get some koozies like normal people!
Discovering the science behind magical concoctions.
At Seattle's International Film Festival, film directors were showing their appetizing movies or thought provoking documentaries about common thus forgotten foods.
Are you a Cherry Garcia fan or is Americone Dream more your thing?
Or a grunt, slump, buckle or brown Betty? We'll help you decode!
For me, the answer to many of life's negative outcomes is quite simple
According the to the Museum of the American Cocktail, the first printed reference to the word \cocktail\ was in 1806.
A Duck Confit & Pastrami Poutine sandwich that breaks all the paleo diet rules.
With cones, sundaes, and a la mode desserts, how can you not be smitten?
The west coast city simply has the best dining options in America right now.
'A Spoken Dish' captures the most vivid culinary memories of the South, one video at a time.
We never thought we'd be able to have sweet potato pie on a cleanse.
From worst to best, presented without comment.
Top Chef Paul Qui's new restaurant is the first upscale dining establishment in a zone that's more known for Lone Stars than star chefs.
Summer is all about the light, easy and quick meal, and plenty of good snacks, drinks and treats.
Come for the story, stay for the food.
A traditional Moroccan dish perfect anytime of the year.
Trying to fit into your new bikini? Too bad. Because the following fatty-tastic foods will enlarge your waistline just by looking at them.
We're branching out from our normal recipe
Geeks love lists -- in theory, if not always in practice.
My only solace is that he goes by \Cap'n\ Crunch instead of \Captain.\ Still, I'm a little heartbroken over here. P.S.
McMinnville, Oregon Remy Drabkin grew up in a community where exciting new winemakers were helping to shape the nascent wine
This Italian dessert will make you forget all about cannolis.
This has gotten a bit out of control.
Redefining the very concept of \pan cake.\
People everywhere should be as open to experimenting with unfamiliar fish as they are to feasting on obscure parts of a pig.
A simple and straightforward workaround for the messiness of roasting beets.
This lettuce has so many aliases, we're tempted to question it about espionage.
A specialty of Argentina, chimichurri is a tangy, zesty condiment traditionally served with grilled meats. This is a perfect dish for Father's Day.
We know one thing for certain
From juniper & lemon curd to honey cinnamon, we've found the flavors that'll instantly improve your summer.
Fresh ingredients from nearby, simple techniques and the unquenchable desire to eat outside.
\Do you want fries with that?\ is now \Do you want fries ON that?\
Once thought of as an impressive gourmet dish for dinner parties, Beef Stroganoff is actually easy enough to make any night of the week.
What makes the perfect chicken Parm sandwich?
Still stumped on what to get dad? From a complete cocktail kit to the must-have whiskey of the season, here's our guide to some favorite Father's Day finds.
Want to become a vegas, mix the perfect cocktail or identify the hottest peppers? These top food apps are for you.
Fatherhood is one great big adventure, so why not get a little adventurous on his day? Here are 11 off-the-beaten path gins for Father's Day.
The bells woke up me up. I could hear them through my open window coming from the street below.
We've always loved cake for breakfast. Now we can feel good about it.
Seriously better when homemade.
What does \wine country casual\ mean?
Hello, spring.
Decadent, delicious cinnamon rolls. What could be better?
Can green be a flavor? This pasta tasted like the spring weather outside
Spicier than viognier, sweeter than pinot gris, lighter than chardonnay, torrontes -- Argentina's native grapes -- make wonderfully refreshing wines that are perfect for summer days.
Skip the overly sweet packaged barbecue sauces and take back control with the homemade stuff
Ultra-comforting, and packed with layers of meat sauce, cheese, and tender noodles, Olive Garden's Lasagna Classico is one
If you don't live in New York City and you have taste buds that are anything like ours, then chances are you're vying desperately
In or out? The ultimate guide on what belongs in the refrigerator. Read more on Real Simple
Yes, you can get past the moving tentacles and sharp claws.
Your doughnuts, pastas, ice creams and pancakes will never be the same.
Stuck on a budget, but want to eat like a big spender?
Prepared Brazilian style.
Happy National Peanut Butter Cookie Day!
Always wanted some culinary ink, but were afraid to take the plunge? We found a solution!
Here are some healthy ways to incorporate kale in your diet.
We argued about this one for so long, we knew we needed your help.
Does your dad love to eat, drink, cook or make drinks? We've got you covered.
Never ask for the wrong (although still delicious) bagel topping ever again.
Tell us how you really feel, Andrew.
They're alarmingly realistic.
Veteran food author Deborah Madison's new cookbook Vegetable Literacy draws inspiration for its recipes directly from the garden.
Click Here to see The Complete List of America's Best Ribs We reached out to some of the country's most renowned food writers
Lemon-stuffed and grilled.
Summer time reading just got so much better.
Whether you're cooking for a potluck BBQ or a weeknight dinner at home, these summer side dishes are sure to please.
Say that three times fast.
A mouthwatering salad that's perfect warm-weather fare!
Think your Crock-Pot is only for meats and veggies? Think again.
Tiramisu is just the beginning.
In many families, grilling and barbecue are rites of passage.
A trip to North Korea from the seventh issue of Lucky Peach, the Travel Issue.
And we bet we're not alone.
I'm a little fussy about desserts. Here are my rules.
This year, give your pops something a little more spirited.
Summer swimsuit season is just around the corner, and we have bad news
A new chocolate bar called Dulcey Chocolate Bar is a \blond\ chocolate and it is like no other chocolate you've tasted. I expect there will be numerous copycats pretty soon.
Have you ever heard of 'sexy pasta?' Listen to the story behind trofie.
Olive oil fraud
Just because something is artisanal doesn't mean it has to be precious. McClure's is a real Detroit success story, born from family love and a desire to improve a city.
Chilled soup is the perfect summer-time meal.
Coqueta inhabits the new futuristic realm in which restaurants are designed to be more than just places where we eat. This new culinary realm, chef Chiarello explains, \fills an experiential void\ for urban Americans who are drained by stress and boredom.
So many lobster rolls, so little time.
These are pretty special.
So much better than the original.
We're at a loss when it comes to figuring out why people like this stuff.
The only right way to celebrate National Donut Day.
If you like carrot cake, you will love these.
Quick, before the season ends!
This traditional English summertime drink is perfect for tennis matches, polo parties or any backyard happening.
This ain't a ham and cheese, it's croque monsieur.
Where there is a man and a grill, there is a gadget.
Subway's executive chef reveals some off-menu treats.
Expect plenty of fried delights, cavity-inducing confections and foods on a stick.
We love that almost half of the words chosen in this study are food words.
Stock up your fridges!
This is not a joke.
A lighter take on the classic.
\Chips or fries? The timeless struggle, the eternal choice,\ read bags of Ruffle's new Crispy Fries, which debut nationwide on July 13. The crunchy potato snack is a hybrid between French fries and potato chips in both appearance and taste, and the effect isn't unappealing.
Long lines, high temperatures, food shortages... Food festivals can be tough. They can also be awesome -- if you know what you're doing.
Tips for making your childhood favorite that much better.
Watch out. These recipes are HOT.
Say goodbye to oval-almost-triangular shaped homemade pizzas.
Fourteen cooking disasters that are so much worse than yours could ever be.
Perfect for teatime.
Now all we need is a pool full of melted cheese.
Unearthing the truth about truffles.
It's your duty to vote! Come tell us which flavor rules them all.
Homemade ranch dressing in just three simple steps
At the launch event, more than a hundred New Yorkers spanning every cultural community in the city raised a glass of Mirza
Who knew informative posters could be so cute?
Trader Joe's has rocketed from 15th to third place on Greenpeace's 2013 sustainable seafood scorecard based largely on the retailer's decision to sharply reduce its sale of red-listed items and establish tougher standards for the seafood it purchases, whether wild or farmed.
Breakfast just got so much better.
A new way to enjoy one of our favorite, sugary breakfast cereals.  They're just as amazing as you think they are.
They're healthy AND delicious.
Good food happens for a reason
Pizzaghetti (or pizza-ghetti) is a combo meal of pizza and spaghetti popular in many parts of Quebec. So popular, in fact, that convenience store chain Couche-Tard dreamt up a pizzaghetti-themed version of its frozen Sloche beverage, which is similar to the Slush Puppie.
Know where your seafood is coming from.
Rhubarb shines all on its own.
Gail Dosik, the founder and cookie aficionado behind One Tough Cookie, knows everything there is to know about cookies.
From strawberry frozen yogurt to chocolate cream pie, here are 11 cold, sweet and refreshing treats to beat the heat.
Just in case you got any wild ideas, it doesn't come with mashed potato candy.
We've had enough of your wiggle and jiggle.
This was a land beyond deadlines and traffic jams, untouched by tourists and time. You could see it in the landscape and taste it in even the simplest of foods. This was real, this was life, and this was Greece.
It's time to hunt down the readers who chose \oatmeal\ and give them a stern talking to.
How does the food industry resemble life itself?
Do you love Sriracha? You know, the spicy sauce of Thai origin, which these days seems a suitable topping for an ever-expanding range of foods, from macaroni to omelettes. Luckily for Sriracha-philes, a movie about the stuff is in the works.
Vineyard owner and winemaker James Frey is perfecting the art of blending wine.
Your dad does more than grill and drink beer! Find another gift.
Almost.
The things that show up in my fridge these days (now that I live with a chef) are much closer to alive than they look by the time they reach Key Foods.
The incredible story of a family who has managed to produce this delicacy in a humane, sustainable way.
I am a firm believer that if you can explain it to a kid, you're on the right track.
Each of these spirits is a history lesson, which really appeals to the specific kinds of nerds we are.
The Santa Cruz Mountains American Viticulture Area (AVA), in northern California, running along the Pacific coast south of San Francisco to Santa Cruz, is one of the most diverse wine growing regions in the world.
Never suffer through a warm brew again.
The best thing you can do with a plantain.
They're even easier to make than shrimp.
You say you love pizza? Prove it.
It's the quickest way to suck all the flavor from your food.
You used to be in fruit salads. You used to be in smoothies. But now it's gone too far.
From saffron-hued sea urchin to vibrant carrots and buffalo shrimp, it was another tasty week of fun!
From cheap styrofoam to ceramic to expensive bone China to plastic and even 20-dollar thermoses, everyone who drinks coffee has their favorite \Caffeine Delivery Vehicle.\ And yet one question lingers
There's something to be said about that old school Italian restaurant where they make you feel like family. Marco Polo in Caroll Gardens, Brooklyn is just this kind of family restaurant.
Recipes to celebrate this bittersweet Italian classic.
Does it sound like a matzoh ball? That's because it is!
The word \veggie\ reduces vegetables to something fluffy and insubstantial, when they're anything but.
A perfect gift for Father's Day.
Are we wasting money because of brand allegiance?
Mixing up the all-American sandwich.
If you love coffee and you love walnuts, you'll love these cupcakes.
Chef Roy Choi is having a moment.
Sanford & Benedict is one of California's most historically significant and renowned vineyards because it proved two things
With butter or mayonnaise, we won't discriminate.
Hats off to organic and natural meats company Applegate for pulling together this sweet video featuring 20 different regional hot dog styles in a short, 90-second video. You may want to watch it a few times -- blink and you might miss a few.
I'm not quite brave enough to try the scads of restaurants and stands located in the maze of Hong Kong's alleys, so decided
A typical French dessert. (And we all know we can trust the French when it comes to sweets.)
S.Y. Kitchen is a diamond in the rough.
Love at first sip.
Fatty, salty, smoky -- but GOOD FOR YOU.
Aged cheddar pairs perfectly with this vegetable.
This dish may take all day to make, but any dish made with chiles AND chocolate is more than worth it.
This was, according to a lot of naysayers, the year the Manhattan Cocktail Classic was going to crash and burn. A mere four years after its inception, it had gotten too big, too corporate, too expensive, too... uncool. In many ways, this turned out to be the best MCC yet.
A vibrant and fresh salad for summer.
We know which cuts we like and how to cook them, but what part of the animal are they?
Once you learn how they got this way, you'll never settle for one again.
Smoked and in an open faced sandwich is the best way to eat this fish.
Grilling season is upon us. What kind of charcoal should you use?
This is the kind of dessert you make for someone REALLY worth it.
Depends who you ask, but Southerners will tell you it's White Lily.
Another way to celebrate the happy marriage of strawberry and rhubarb.
In a cookbook geared toward men, this seems like an odd choice.
Allan Benton didn't set out to make the world's best bacons and hams, but he may have anyway.
Goodbye cardboard!
Sometimes there's just no need to re-invent something that's worked just fine for centuries.
The bacon itself didn't taste like it had any artificial smoke flavor added, and while cold, its texture was wonderfully
We're actually okay with this monstrosity.
Tough decisions need to be made.
When fashion and food collide it's usually bad news for food.
Kaling us softly.
Artisan, upstart and small batch.
Take a deep breath, enjoy your burger and step away from the turkey bacon.
Don't fall for these!
My head was fuzzy and my palms were hot. I slept but was wiped out. I didn't want to get out of bed. What had I done that put me in this condition?
Why you should give this pantry staple another try.
This flavorful meat -- sometimes sweet and sometimes spicy -- doesn't require much to make a satisfying meal.
If there's one dish guaranteed to be on every Indian restaurant menu, it's chicken tikka masala, which is composed of grilled
Buying fresh fish can be a daunting endeavor. But it doesn't have to be.
See more
Here's an easy three-point checklist from our Test Kitchen to make sure your first summer lunch is well done (meaning medium
Dundee, Oregon. David Lett may not have single-handedly put Oregon wine on the world map when he began planting the first
\By growing my food and interacting with it from start to finish, I hope I can learn some things about the world that I've missed by living my whole life in cities. This private concrete space is my ticket to understanding the entire living world!\
Three wines that are giving back to the community.
Today is Memorial Day and if you're like most Americans, your celebration will culminate at the grill over a sizzling hamburger. Here's a recipe for the Inside-Out Burger
Coffee Bean's mid-life crisis.
Recently returned from protecting U.S. interests overseas and having traded in their fatigues for overalls, hundreds of veterans returning from Afghanistan and Iraq are now committed to growing organic produce and selling it to local communities from Seattle to Florida.
Does expensive gin make the best drink? We found out.
With flavors like toasted marshmallow and mint julep, how could you not?
This dessert gets right to the point.
A winning medley of All-American favorites
Roadfood.com has led us to some of the greatest road trip meals of our lives.
It's extra rich, in a good way.
Mushroom ragu makes these spuds taste all grown up.
We wait all year for summer vegetables, and once they're here, we want to eat them all.
Creative salads give are great for using up produce from the farmers' market without adding too much heat to the kitchen.
Because just one wouldn't be enough.
Because of course there's an iPhone app for that.
Bringing Mediterranean flavors into your home.
Coffee art goes 3D.
One look at a creation by Seulbi Kim, a student of industrial design at Rhode Island School of Design, and we're smacking our heads thinking, \Why didn't we think of that?\
21 recipes you need to try.
What could be more perfect for a summer BBQ?
People want to connect with food again and care about making food for themselves and the people they love.
Summer in New York
Seven dishes that should be in every cook's summer repertoire.
Even if you're short on time, don't skip these six steps. They can make all the difference.
The scene
So the next time you raise a glass of something very aromatic, very elegant and very expensive, remember to toast the folks driving the tractors. Toast their colleagues who dig dirt and shovel dung. All of that, plus sweat and passion, ended up in your glass.
Um, or you could just you know, cook.
We're not sure these need to exist.
Prepare for your minds to be blown! A YouTube video posted to Reddit shows a swirling chocolate sculpture that, under blinking lights, appears to come alive.
It's the easiest dish you can make for dinner.
No MSG allowed.
Ice Cream + Flour = Bread??
We're beginning to wonder if we've forgotten what the real thing tastes like.
Who's ready to start peddling?
James Beard Award-winning chefs Stuart Brioza and Nicole Krasinski of State Bird Provisions share their favorites.
Today, we are sure of one thing
Children want to mimic adults. They notice when you choose to prepare fresh vegetables over calling in another pizza pie for dinner. They will see that food made with love and care outweighs going through the drive-through window.
Ohio, why is your ice cream so much better than everyone else's?
A tasty and lighter alternative to the classic, buttery scone.
The only thing better than a cleverly spruced-up cupcake is one that\u2019s clever and easy. Read more on Real Simple
A no-bake granola that won't tie you down. Perfect for picnics, hikes and outdoor walks this summer.
A simple do-ahead method for delicious veggies every time. Read more on Real Simple
Is there anything more recognizable across the globe than a single chicken egg? The ovoid protein is a fixture during every
Located nearby the 10,000 square foot distillery on the banks of the Lamoille River, visitors may notice several beehives. Unsurprisingly, Hardie, who has been keeping bees for nearly five decades, enjoys being around bees.
Eleven Madison Park's new cookbook I Love New York highlights the best of what local food producers offer at their restaurant.
A chocoholic's dream.
Fisherman Christopher Nicolson is gearing up for salmon season. Each summer he makes the long trek to Alaska with his family
This healthy green smoothie is one of my favorites drink now.
Are you a sworn charcoal aficionado? Or is gas is the only way?
Athenos Feta's newest ad campaign is cracking us up.
Easier than they look, and you don't even need a deep-fryer.
The best smokers to buy this summer.
This creamy risotto is nothing short of a flavor bomb!
An odd local food dynamic is changing in Jordan.
A step up from your everyday hamburger.
You won't miss the burgers for a second.
Don't worry, these monsters are friendly.
Perfect for a green smoothie beginner or for anyone looking to add some more green into their diet.
Save yourself the trip to New York, guys.
Paula Deen's childhood home in Albany, Ga. may be transformed into a museum if a local businesswoman -- and Deen's ex-husband -- get their way.
Want to know the hottest restaurants around?
Greek food can be many things
Cannes is as much about food and gifts as it is about films.
American Wine is a comprehensive overview of wine grape growing and winemaking across the country, featuring wines from every state and nook and cranny across America.
Hello National Burger Month!
It's the perfect combination of ice cream and espresso.
We're thinking, dare we say it, BEER slushes.
The ultimate egg sandwich.
Making butter is pretty easy. You just abuse heavy cream long enough and it starts to separate into butter and buttermilk.
Throw an old fashioned block party with this classic punch.
Quite possibly the perfect fried chicken sandwich.
What is this candy sorcery??
This cake is no-bake, a great advantage during warm months.
Dig your spoon into this lighter rhubarb gelato.
10 classic desserts that are as timeless as they are delicious.
Sauce
Melt-in-your mouth, thick cut bacon on a stick
Muffins for Tea Time. Tea Muffins for Anytime. Muffins for Tea Time. Tea Muffins for Anytime. from all things delicious on
Buckle up, y'all. This is a whole lot of butter.
Stop buying stock in a box! Here's the fastest way to build the most flavorful vegetable stock.
You'll want to eat these all summer long.
Imagine the delight and embarrassment on the face of your friend when you present this to them.
Eating eggs in the morning just got easier.
Need a reason to crack a cold one? American Craft Beer Week continues through Sunday.
Or moist. Or yummy.
How to drink when the weather heats up.
The Cheese Store of Beverly Hills has one of the finest selections of imported cheese.
Adam Moskowitz is the guy to talk to about cheese. He's all over the map expanding his luminary domain, from European imports to America's fastest growing farmstead-cheese industry.
You don't need a recipe to make amazing meatballs.
Did you say cheese? We're not talking Velveeta.
I'm always a little surprised when I see people discarding the greens from the beets they buy at the market.
You'll want to check out these top 10.
We can already see you tensing up. French food makes you nervous. Don't freak out.
We know it's a little early to be thinking about green bean casserole, but Onion Crunch started it.
Stuart and Nicole of State Bird Provisions about their follow-up project, the versatility of pancakes and where they eat on their days off.
Crisp and tropical, you can't go wrong with this dish.
This is one breakfast you'll never forget.
Ground meat dish that make us think of home.
\When it comes to Filipino food, everything's gotta be BIG.\
Move over cupcakes.
Happy National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day!
But don't get too excited just yet, carnivores. Oscar Mayer's \Bacon Dogs\ may not be what you expect when you hear that
Unemployment was the best thing that ever happened to me. After being sad for a couple weeks, I realized I could use that time to work on all those crazy inventions I have been dreaming up for all these years.
Each of them with their own secret technique.
With a can of tomatoes -- or a stack of them -- the pantry can be a place of exploration.
We all know butter makes everything better. Here are my top 4 butters.
The first day of spring may be behind us, but before the sweltering heat of summer sets in, H\u00e4agen-Dazs is offering free
Which title will win your hearts, HuffPost Taste readers?
We never needed more ways to enjoy rye and bourbon, but we found some.
This week, it was all about the experience.  My tastes this week took on a performative air as I braved the wait at Ippudo, submerged gelato in hot espresso and drank expertly crafted coffee in the company of strangers in the rain.
Jamon, squid ink, anchovies, chorizo, wine, cheese... Spain is really one of the great culinary countries of the world.
These vegan-repellers bring a whole new meaning to the term \Bloody Mary.\
Cooking a fresh ear of corn on the cob can be cumbersome... if you don't know what you're doing.
Whatever you do, take it easy with the dressing.
Besides eating it with a spoon.
Yes, there actually ways to make livers, kidneys, etc. incredibly delicious.
Although Trader Joe's is moving in the right direction, I can't go there today and pick up fish fillets for dinner without worrying about whether I am contributing to the degradation of the ocean.
Beware, this one is fiery.
Guys, you're kidding right? RIGHT?
New burgers on the menu.
What better way to express your love for outdoor grilling than through artistic representation? The folks behind Super Precious
Just because you are a tourist in the Eternal City, doesn't mean you need to act like one.
A fried noodles recipe that's perfect for a quick meal.
Wine, beer and liquor has been making a cool comeback in everything from chocolate to full-on meals at some of the hottest restaurants in the country.
Would you try Kangaroo meat?
This week is National Stuttering Awareness Week, and I'd like to share with you one chef's personal story
Eating slowly makes dining into a spiritual and philosophical matter; each bite is like saying grace
Many people think that barbecue is as American as apple pie, but it is widely believed that the term is a derivative of the Spanish word, Barboca, which the Spanish used to describe the method of meat preservation they saw in the Caribbean.
Wine isn't the only beverage advancing the food arts world.
Study shows 57 percent of Americans consider eating out a 'special occasion.' [INFOGRAPHIC]
These fantastic restaurant specials include terrific finger foods, pristine oysters and craft cocktails for less.
Want to drink like Gatsby? Look toward these six classic cocktails.
A meal full of health, freshness and greenness.
This omelet is incredibly festive and is perfect for brunch.
'But mom, that soda is natural.'
It features a sausage and scrambled egg folded into a waffle. Count us in.
\This is a diet written by a woman who almost convinced me to buy really expensive towels from Turkey because they were more absorbent.\
The burger has become the perfect canvas for culinary creativity. Here are some of the top burger trends this year.
The Great Gatsby
Once you taste this, you won't go back.
Cooking a whole meal without animal products can sometimes strike fear in our hearts.
Talk about off the beaten path. This has to be one of the most scenic drives to a winery I've ever been on.
The best chefs are dying to eat at these spots.
Pineapple with ginger being one of them.
You'll never want to eat another quiche or frittata again.
Considering how easy they are to make, you have no excuse not to keep them stocked at all times.
We're hoping the celebrity chef won't drive the flavor bus to Bittertown.
Bugs for dinner!
If it's true that we are what we eat, does the same apply to nations? In other words, if a nation's dietary habits start changing, does that tell us something about the nation itself?
Seven things you need to do right now to get your grill working at peak performance.
Take a look at the espresso chart below, or click here for a larger version. Do the options at your local coffee shop have
Danny Bowien tells us about his recent trip to Paris and reveals a surprising favorite movie pick.
Have a love affair with an ice cream sandwich, all over again.
It's perfect for a party because you can make it in advance. You can cut it into bits and make a nice little appetizer with it, or you can just serve it as a cold side dish.
Coffee is a real labor of love. You have to create your own ritual for drinking it.
If you've ever eaten it, you know that it tastes like a magic trick.
So much better when homemade.
With recipes like Nutella-stuffed French toast, you can't go wrong.
We're all adults here, but there are things even we don't want to say out loud.
You didn't think croissants could get better, did you? They can.
There's a science, if not an art form, behind constructing the perfect hot-dog-eating experience.
With the new developments at these three Santa Maria producers, I expect the appellation's profile will soon be rising.
There's nothing like savoring a day's work together.
Food & Wine names America's great producers and purveyors of cured meats.
Don't try this at home.
These common mistakes could turn your tasty meal into a total drag. Here's how to avoid them.
Nailing this misunderstood classic (no, we don't want grilled chicken) is all about restraint and, yes, anchovies.
Great flavor idea, but not the best execution.
We've got you covered with everything from salsas to cakes.
There's nothing easier (and more satisfying) that just throwing a couple of links on the grill and calling it a meal.
So Italian culture equals... arguing? Plus, there are gelaterias on every corner in Italy. What self-respecting Italian is
We aren't always rockstars in the kitchen
Follow Danielle Nierenberg, and you will end up in interesting places.
The greatest singer of the 20th century deserves a great whiskey.
In this quick and easy recipe jumbo shrimp are quickly bathed in a brine flavored with salt, sugar and chili powder, and saut\u00e9ed with fresh ginger and garlic.
It's the greatest culinary gift from the Middle East.
This is the one day of the year where you just don't have a choice -- you had better eat a slice.
Hint
With 41,000 Chinese restaurants in the U.S., why aren't there more national chains dishing out sit-down Chinese food?
\Is it healthy?\ No matter how often the Foodcommander, in his capacity as a chef for private dinner parties, finds himself confronted with this question, he will always be unable to conceal a frown; at the very least, he will slightly raise one cocked eyebrow.
Chef Magnus Nilsson, of F\u00e4viken - arguably the most isolated, serious restaurant on the planet -takes hyper-localism to an almost absurd level. What he doesn't forage, he grows in a lantern-lit root cellar and his own vegetable garden.
Already burn through your stash of Thin Mints? Fear not!
This kind-of-vichyssoise-but-not-really was the result of my mother's legendary foresight.
If you are looking for a twist on your mac and cheese, cook this!
Whether you're hosting a Cinco de Mayo fiesta or celebrating the unofficial start of summer entertaining, these easy recipes have you covered.
Disclaimer
Caipirinhas may require a little sweat, but they're well worth the effort.
A shiny way to keep up-to-date with food issues.
This potent, citrusy cocktail is one of our favorites under the sun.
Sung Park, chef and owner of Bistro Petit in Brooklyn, is breaking taboos with his bold-flavored Korean French cuisine.
Some of the greatest discoveries were born of mistakes -- penicillin, the Slinky, and even chocolate chip cookies. Well, we've
Topped with red onions caramelized in honey and balasmic.
Summer is almost here... which means it's Vidalia onion season.
Fried chicken tips from this ultra-competitive comfort food expert.
While it's dedicated to horror cinema, the Stanley Film Festival is promising to ply its guests with provisions worthy of the legendary Estes Park estate.
Thug Kitchen's Roasted Strawberry Salad
Sunday is Cinco de Mayo! Planning your own fiesta? Check out these Imbibe-inspired eats and drinks. And for more of the best
Guacamole Salsa
Gadzooks! We've seen crazy Bloody Marys before -- more than a few, actually -- but it seems that every time we discover another
Meet Richard Farina, Chef de Cuisine at moto. Learn about what makes him tick and how he turned his passion into a successful career.
Two crispy cookies with a creamy peanut butter center. The sweet duels with the savory, but in the end, sweetness wins out.
Some of the most popular and unique tacos in the United States.
6. Tripe
When you think of oatmeal, don't think of a paper packet of dehydrated sawdust.
It's off to the races come Kentucky Derby day on Saturday, and for us, that means one thing
And it just might be awesome.
Do you know why we say \bring home the bacon?\
Dude, you're eating that apple all wrong.
And other brewing trivia.
This bowl's perfect for spring time.
It's not just for crudite.
Thompson said that spirits were firmly established as safe for those with celiac disease to drink in 1988, when Canadian
7:11am TAD
Duck with olives is a classic, and of course, sweetness is common in sauces for duck, so long as it is balanced by acidity. So why not sweetened olives?
Want something other than tequila this Cinco de Mayo? Try a new whisky, rum, vodka, even cacha\u00e7a. \u00a1Saludos, amigos!
Cinco de Mayo celebrates Mexican heritage, pride and all those fabulous cocktails and culinary flavors brought here.
With spinach, sausage and cheese.
It's some of the best we've ever seen.
Children represent our biggest opportunity for change when it comes to food. They are the most important part of the equation. Pollan urges us to \Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants. And cook them.\ Let's add three more words to that slogan -- \with your kids.\
And shows the step-by-step process.
Amping up our outdoor cooking starts with a good grill.
My favorite food is chili mac. It is anti-pretentious. Inclusive. Easy.
Like all things worth cooking, you have to mess a few up before you hit your stride.
'No more PB&J for your finicky eaters... try one of these recipes on for size instead!'
And impress.
Here, the beloved grilled cheese sandwich takes on a gourmet twist. The secret ingredient
It's almost the Kentucky Derby, which means it's time for your finest wide-brimmed hat and a tall glass of bourbon. Here are some elegant, Southern-inspired snacks and drinks to sustain you.
Because of its versatility, cottage cheese offers easy ways to entice kids.
We are real suckers for photo-realistic food prints.
We think these dough pillows have a fighting chance to be Best Dumpling on Earth.
Irish Brown Bread, or traditional Irish Soda Bread is a staple of the Irish.
Delicate matcha cookies with the lightness of cherry blossoms.
Lots of bottles are involved.
This delicious quinoa recipe bursting with superfoods is perfect to make on the weekend and eat throughout the week.
This hearty, bitter green is having a little bit of an identity crisis. We love it anyway.
This year I applied to be a judge at the 2013 National Pie Championships in Orlando, Florida.
From sparkling punches to julep-filled pitchers, here are seven recipes ready for your next gathering.
If we were invited, we totally would have joined. Just sayin'. Got the meat sweats? You might after you watch this 87-second
The Italian take on the ice cream cake.
The making of one is downright mesmerizing.
From grill gadgets and egg molds to cookie cutters and corn kernelers, these gadgets are ridiculous ... and amazing.
You've probably had a traumatic experience with tequila, but these top-notch tequila bars will help rehabilitate your perception of this delicious spirit.
10 food rules that you don't have to follow anymore.
Have you ever thought about what you would choose as your last meal?
When you take chocolate in a spicy, instead of a sweet, direction, the result is delicious.
Great wine doesn't have to be expensive. Our top picks that cost $10 or less are perfect for wine lovers on a budget.
This fruit has skills when it comes to dessert.
Are you ready for the PB&J Club??
With three kinds of greens, olives, peperoncini and Parmigiano-Reggiano, this salad won't let you go hungry.
Consider this recipe for chewy oatmeal raisin granola bars your new secret weapon.
It's peak artichoke season from March to May, so don't let this intimidating vegetable scare you away!
Last week was the International Association of Culinary Professionals conference in San Francisco. IACP is a culinary networking group started over 30 years ago by some of the world's greatest and most famous cooking teachers.
Vegetarianism in itself is inherently complicated. Regardless of the choices you make in your diet, the more the dots are connected between health, compassion and ecology, the more nourishing your diet will become for your mind and your body.
A recipe for a Mexican-Indian enchilada
Book your plane tickets for Girona, Spain.
With family and friends, we're coming together to cook and enjoy healthy, real foods -- familiar favorites like strawberries and mangoes along with a few new foods like jicama and tomatillos. Ready to join us? Here are a few easy recipes for hosting your own New Food Fiesta this Cinco de Mayo.
My Grandmother made Sunday sauce with an assortment of meats
For curry lovers, this could be a good starting point.
Who knew that cake decorating was so hard? After an afternoon award-winning cake decorator and author Toba Garrett, here are a few pointers.
Loaded with cheddar cheese and cardamom.
Could our tasters correctly identify which cup contained freshly-squeezed lemon juice?
My gluten-free take on fish taco
Spring green beans lend themselves well to the delicious flavors in this sesame vegetable recipe. It's quite light and fresh, yet you get all the spicy, rich flavor.
Between the baking, stacking and frosting, there's a lot that can go wrong.
Certain ingredients just stress people out.
The weekend forecast is sunshine and blue skies! It's time to kick back and whip up a batch of tasty Patio Punch.
Could this be the next great drinking game?
Santa Barbara is making some of California's most interesting, compelling and balanced wines.
The delicate thin-skinned spud.
What if you loved food, but the odds were against you?
Tomatoes plus melons plus cheese ... you can't really miss with this recipe.
Holy cow, guys. Have we got a product for YOU.
Does anyone actually think these things taste like banana??
Don't try this at home, folks.
Why are restaurants losing by consistently charging $10 (or more) a glass for a bottle that costs $6 (or less) wholesale?
It was great foodie television when on Sunday when I turned on the Food Network for Chopped All-Stars.
Besides the fact that they taste just like sugar snap peas.
It's time to put it in the spotlight.
Eating seeds has become very trendy indeed.
No matter what kind of bacon you crave, these recipes are for you.
We think everyone should have a Creature Cup.
We know what you guys are thinking, but we are not playing a joke on you.
Looking back on the food I was lucky enough to eat this week, I'm struck by a culinary leitmotif of sorts. Excluding the octopus dish at Dressler, each item was a re-vamped version of a classic; skilled in its distillation of the original concept and masterful in execution.
It poaches, it coddles, it fries, it binds, it rises, it aerates.
Cardamom, one of my favorite spices, pairing magnificently with the carrots in this cake.
Here are some of our favorite Mexican-inspired dishes to help you effortlessly plan your best fiesta yet.
It's the perfect cheat sheet.
McDonald's doesn't bill its El Chili con Carne as a stuffed burger, but, like BK, it mixes ingredients into the beef patty
It's the best thing that could happen to pasta.
\With bottled Coke, there's a plastic-y aftertaste. And there's a weird gas that seems to sit on top of the Coke and releases
Even though romaine is available in the supermarket all year round, treated this way it somehow tasted of spring. And about time, too.
Here's a simple recipe to bookmark, so they come out perfectly every time.
The most dangerous foods thrill-seekers can't stay away from.
It's so much easier than you think.
So much better when homemade.
We understand it's convenient and quick, but it's still not worth it.
Pasta Carbonara is easier than you may think.
These cows and pigs are not as innocent as they look.
Smooth, mild and gently flavored with lemon and Parmesan, this asparagus soup tastes wonderfully luxurious
We're definitely in the golden age of craft distilleries, but Balcones was carved from a unique set of ideals.
I'm always bothered that the flavor profiles of fast food in this country seem to hinge on three factors
The red cup is now the official party cup.
Still coping with the possibility that this might be the best bread we've ever tasted.
How do I combat getting my weight out of control? By thinking about balance throughout the day.
The first thing you should know about him? His food. The second? The story about his hand in a deep fryer.
As Yelp strives to increase its profitability, the issue of how much influence ad sales have on the integrity of their reviews will continue to be as pressing as ever.
People who use criticism to guide their reading or tasting don't need unpolluted appraisals. What they do need is a reliable correlation with their own preferences.
14 reasons to take it easier on yourself after a baking mistake.
We're warning you, this will make you hungry.
This was McDonald's Corp. CEO Don Thompson's pledge during last week's Q1 earnings call
It's been 24 hours since we tried a hot sauce made from the aged mash of Trinidad Moruga Scorpions and Ghost Peppers -- two
Outrageously beautiful cakes, cupcakes, fudge recipes, sauces and more.
Six interesting ways the French (or at least those around the city of Nice) are environmentally friendly.
The combination of brown ingredients made this drink look like what we can only describe as puddle water.
Served with spring peas!
It's like peanut butter, but way better.
Four dogs from major stadiums across the country.
An outdoor event of good food and craft beer.
Our era will be be remembered for human tragedy and bacon fudge, but should also be known as the Cocktail Apotheosis -- in which cocktails are extremely complicated culinary works of art.
As we think about Earth day and what that means to each of us, take advantage of these simple and accessible ways to do your part. Your body and your planet will thank you.
Pick your corn up in Jurassic style.
Vegetables are at their best when baked in bread.
Like breakfast, lunch, dinner AND dessert.
A no-bake treat that's ready in 30 minutes
The munchies
Life is complicated; cooking should be fun.
Even if you can't pronounce it, you should know how to cook it.
Mix up a batch of these tasty libations -- perfect for that Saturday BBQ with friends.
Rhubarb, the red celery stalk fruit of spring, only gets the spotlight for a few short weeks.
When those green spears start popping up at farmers markets, we can't help but stock up.
We have all done the unthinkable and prepared bacon that was less than ethereal.
This cherry cocktail might be just what we need to think spring,
A perfect Panda Express wine pairing does exist. These are the best wines to pair with your favorite fast food menu items.
Garlic confit gives you all the flavor and texture of oven-roasted garlic without the mess.
We think this iconic American cocktail deserves attention on the other 364 days of the year.
I took another bite, and I swear I felt my grandmother's hands, heard Arkansas grass swaying in the wind, and saw people wearily reaching their shacks after time spent in the fields. I was biting into me. And I tasted good.
Moms across the country shared their ideas for how to build a better lunchbox on a busy parent's schedule. It turns out there are a few simple food rules to follow.
Don't forget the whipped cream.
From fresh buffalo to the part-skim pre-grated kind.
Leave it to the chefs to come up with this kind of stuff.
Cherry donut and miso butterscotch to name a few!
It lets you muddle and strain your fruit into an infused drink, all in one contraption.
Anyone who's ever tried to lose even a little weight, or to break any bad habit, for that matter, knows how it goes
Let us get this straight
\There's an app for that.\ Cooking has spread beyond the pages of a cookbook and into our hearts through magazines, television and computers, and now we can even find cooking on our phones.
Miljenko \Mike\ Grgich of Grgich Hills Estate winery in Napa Valley is walking, living history. He's also quite the charmer, and one of his favorite sayings is, \Good wines and good ladies improve with maturity.\
Chef Kontos stepped into the kitchen at the tender age of 8. Raised to enjoy and appreciate local ingredients, she found her passion and began to pursue her calling in the culinary world. The opportunity to test her skills came when she was selected for season two of MasterChef.
Watch out, brownies! There's a new kid in town.
They are a treat to behold, almost too pretty to eat.
How does Bethenny Frankel's booze taste. Um. We've had better. Way better.
27 mint chocolate desserts just for you.
This leek-potato-mushroom goulash is delicious in itself but also really comes into its own combined with the fish.
In honor of Earth month, how to eat green on budget.
'The greenmarkets are like Desperate Housewives meets Northern Exposure.'
\The pinnacle breakfast is a croissant and cappuccino, one sugar.\
What would an all-nighter be without fuel -- coffee, tea, soda, or otherwise?
Eau de alcohol is ready for you.
When there is no time for grocery runs and no time for recipes, make soup!
It's time to get creative with your soy.
No matter how old you get, these cookies never lose their charm.
In its original form, the Lamington, a cake that originates from Australia, consists of individual squares of sponge cake.
And makes the best ice.
Don't commit these errors, and enjoy a great cup of joe.
We taste tested these sandwiches to find out.
We were expecting something a bit sweet without much character. For the record, we were wrong.
Serve this one with a strawberry and rhubarb compote.
Never resort to the box again.
It makes the best ice cream, cupcakes and more.
Maybe we're just sad she didn't teach us how to perfectly boil a single farm fresh egg.
In Sri Lanka, the coconut is, in a sense, a source of life.
What compels us to cook? I come to the kitchen to be fully present in the moment.
I traveled to an unfamiliar corner of New Jersey, discovered Beecher's underground restaurant, stopped in for the first time at a restaurant I often pass (Saxon & Parole) and ventured to Copenhagen by way of Tribeca.
The classic oyster bar has been getting a bit of a makeover lately. Cocktail enthusiasts can sip and slurp like never before.
Just please don't use it as a punching bag. Also don't let Kathy Lee near it.
Nap time has never been this fun.
On the upside, the strips' flavors aren't altogether unappealing, although the Grilled and Southwest varieties are extraordinarily
Welcome to Beer Country, USA.
Click through below to find out what they are
And we can't wait to get our hands on one.
Recently, I had the opportunity to speak to an amazing group of 12 to 14 year old adolescents--these kids are Montessori school students who came together to talk about ways to make the food system more just and environmentally sustainable.
It's like a work of art.
Today is Tax Day, and we think that calls for a drink.
Meals can be expensive whether they're coming from a restaurant or from your kitchen, as food costs have skyrocketed over the past few years. Keep reading for 11 ways to drastically slash your grocery bills.
Attention fans of Tapatio hot sauce -- Frito-Lay is rolling out a mini-line of snacks flavored with the spicy condiment. Two
My dad was an amazing man. I can say it, and mean it, but he was actually the kind of amazing man where a lot of other people are saying it, too. And he was an eater.  Boy, did he love food.
Standing out in a crowd of well-known, fund-raising, BBQ aficionados can be a challenge.  Jeff Bannister likes to stand out in a crowd, which is how he ended up cooking a whole steer.
WineShop At Home is a company with a mission to take the intimidation out of learning about wine and the wine buying experience by holding a casual\u00a0tasting\u00a0in the comfort of people's homes.
A playlist of cocktails inspired by a few of Coachella's headline acts.
We know you probably own one of these. Come on, fess up.
The hottest, most addictive thing you'll ever punish your tastebuds with.
These might be the perfect gift for your friendly, neighborhood butcher.
Looking for some Tax Day relief? Enjoy a cocktail or two, a sweet treat, or even some sushi at locations across the country this April 15.
It's so much easier than you think.
Then there's the issue of the bones. Without them, pieces of Original Recipe Boneless seemed less greasy -- but that wasn't
3000 photos, one slice of pizza and plenty of craft beer.
Towering layers of tropical sweetness.
Once you master the cooking of this pod, you'll be hooked for life.
Here's what not to do in the kitchen.
Kicking off with a Dumpling Party where guests learn to make dumplings as they sip cocktails, the week-long LUCKYRICE Festival returns to NYC.
The FDA stated that miracle berries couldn't be used in any form. That is, until now. As awareness is raised and we continue to educate ourselves about healthy organic products, we can open the door to new food possibilities.
It's a spring Friday night in north central Wisconsin. nd I'm stationed near the checkout line at a busy, annual retail wine sale. The crowd is thirsty. And there's a subplot development to this night which I hadn't anticipated
Monster cookies are all sorts of magnificent and usually involve multiple delicious ingredients, like M&Ms and chopped up Butterfinger candy bars.
We've scoured Etsy for these vintage finds and present you our favorites.
It would take a team of tax lawyers to pick out all of the bizarre and byzantine food taxes in the country, but here are some of the best we've found.
As human beings we like to think we're generous, but if we're really honest with ourselves, most of us have to admit to secretly stashing favorite food treats.
What foods and drinks do you turn to when combating a cold? Here are some time-tested cold remedies and personal picks for health-promoting foods.
You've never tasted a cheese quite this creamy before.
Sometimes we grow apart from our appliances. One thing leads to another, and we have to end things. That's what happened between me and my food processor.
You never have to skip out on dessert again.
We found everything from milk glass to crystal, Depression-era to mid-century in every price range.
America is a land rich with iconic sandwiches, from the stately muffuletta of New Orleans to the delicate lobster roll of coastal Maine.
What would you choose for a special meal if you knew it was going to be your last? This is a question often debated amongst chefs
This tart eats far better tepid or at room temperature than it would hot from the oven. When it has cooled, the flavors blossom, and those flavors are alluring ones.
\Seitan isn't a meat replacement, it's a food stuff in its own right,\ say the seitan specialists behind Monk's Meats, which produces between 100 to 150 pounds of seitan a day.
Roasting vegetables is a simple pleasure. Commit these easy steps to memory, and you'll be roasting everything in sight.
Even if the recipe is not perfect, ground-breaking or even the best, family recipes just rule.
We love the heavy use of limes, chiles, lemongrass, ginger, mint, cilantro and fish sauce.
Trust us, you want one.
The live crab machines in China might be interpreted as animal cruelty to some, but then again, there have been vending machines selling live lobsters in Maine!
If a vodka sounds gross, it probably is gross.
When we're craving serious cookies -- cookies that make us feel good, that make everything feel right -- we turn to chocolate cookies. Here are 10 of our favorite.
It's not wise to rely strictly on wine or Resveratrol capsules as the pathway to health. Here's where skiing or other activity comes in; complimentary components of the overall picture.
Like you need another excuse to throw a regional foods party.
You won't believe some of the knish fillings we rounded up for you today.
The U.S. has recently overtaken France and Italy to become the globe's biggest wine market, consuming  more than any other nation.
Design is key in understanding many aspects of the restaurant industry and the food system at large, from the shape of a fork and the ways kitchens minimize environmental impact, to the visual elements of a dining room and the sustainable organization of food purveyor networks.
How much hot sauce or mustard does someone need? When is it overkill and when is it simply overwhelming?
How do I know what fish is ok to buy? One simple step we can all take is to buy wild domestic seafood.
What can be more nurturing than to make fun, easy creative meals together with your child? We nurture the relationship and feed their bodies.
Spring has sprung in New York, giving way to lighter jackets, unexpected rain showers and the promise of al fresco frolicking.
It's the quickest dinner around, but you can make it even quicker.
Fifty million Americans are now receiving food stamps. Please take 30 seconds and tell Congress to support anti-hunger legislation.
Several months ago a prominent restaurant architect returned from a trip to Japan bringing us a small gift of green tea. He said, \I have no idea if this is any good, but I loved the packaging.  I just had to give it to you.\
There's another riff opportunity here, about great chefs at great restaurants that struggle. Maybe they're not focused enough
These blogs will make your infinite scroll a lot more delicious.
While war is an obvious condition for food insecurity, what we have now in the U.S. seems unfathomable. For many children, parents and so many others, hunger is an ever-present reality.
Let's be serious
We're not going to sugar-coat this
It might be chilly outside, but there are already some wonderful signs of delicious and fresh produce from the local farms in the area.  When I saw these gorgeous rainbow carrots, I knew I had to have them at my dinner table.
It's almost enough to make us want to go camping.
Do you find yourself throwing away small portions of leftovers because you couldn't figure out what to do with them? I know I used to!
The oldest written recipes are 5,000 years old, and they're for making beer.
Anytime a drink is ordered off the \red hot poker\ section of the menu, there will be flames shooting out of a pint glass. The effect is rather dramatic, but that is not the point.
They're spring's greatest gift to us.
It's the solution to the dinner dilemma.
Miles and miles of untouched terrain could be turned into something great.
Do you ever get home at night, famished, and wonder how quickly you can get food on the table before everyone starts gorging on crackers or worse?  If \think fast, cook faster\ is your motto, then pasta primavera is your friend.
Why do we love white asparagus? Maybe because it gets along uncommonly well with butter.
The new naming convention is a long way from being as easy as it could be.
Of course the Italians are responsible for this frozen dessert.
What's Scotch got that rum hasn't got? Rum has been an \on the brink\ spirit for ages, but its breakthrough may finally be nigh.
It's slightly more complicated than we suspected.
We know you think you're tired of soup, but trust us, you want a bowl of this one.
Now that it's spring we're starting to see a trickle of fresh, new spring fruits and vegetables at the farmer's market. Here are five meal ideas you can make with your kids.
This delicate, wild green is one that you have to look out for at the farmer's market.
From dinner to drinks to indulgent sweets, here are 10 recipes to celebrate this humble, hard-working fruit.
There's something different about a new can from Sly Fox Brewing Company. Where other cans' stay-on-tabs make a small opening
We've spent the last few centuries Americanizing countless foreign cookies and creating countless new types of cookie out of the blue.
A guide to the best cup of joe in the nation.
All these things get done in the magical land called 'Ahead Of Time.'
Recently, I had the opportunity to meet with Benoit Gouez, the charismatic Chef de Cave of Moet & Chandon. Benoit was traveling through the U.S. to speak with Sommeliers and wine buyers -- Champagne lovers throughout the country.
Tagine, here, is an artform. I've been on this planet for over a quarter of a century and why is it only now that I've come to Morocco?
Chefs like Rick Bayless are present. They use all of their senses
Meat, meat and more meat.
A multi-sensory bean eating experience. No, seriously.
Think of morels like oysters; while they won't win any prizes on appearances, they hold a flavor that cannot be replicated.
If you've made deviled eggs anytime in the recent past, you know that every egg is different.
What started as a farm story quickly turned into a story about love and dedication amongst the Ceylon tea fields.
Separating the good, the bad, and the gloppy.
Guacamole and beer -- who could ask for more?
Deciding that you're going to tackle the croissant is no small decision, but it will be the best one you've made in a long time.
For Tony Terlato, chairman of Terlato Wines International, the\u00a0best way to experience and enjoy wine is when he can share\u00a0his passion of bringing wine to people by telling the stories behind the label.
The best recipe to segment your way into okra mastery is to fry it southern style.
Getting dinner on the table fast doesn't mean you have to forget about health.
Who knew coconut could turn into something so magical and luxurious?
Chocolate mousse
Feeding a family with picky eaters can be a challenge, but it doesn't mean you have to cook separate meals or subsist on mac n' cheese and chicken tenders. Try these 11 kid-friendly recipes that you'll love too!
Macaroni and cheese is almost never just macaroni and cheese. But with the right cheese you can quickly cut the ingredients list to the two items in the dish's name.
Despite the simplicity and old-fashioned feel of strawberry shortcake, this is one dessert that we'll never get tired off.
What no one disputes is that today just about every large wine collection probably contains at least some suspect bottles. And experts differ in their ability to determine what is authentic and what is not.
Chives are often improperly categorized as a frivolous garnish, but there's way more to them than just making dishes look fresh.
You can get the Wine Handbag in three different colors -- to match your outfit, of course.
Now that spring is in the air, we're getting really excited to see what the food blogging community is up to.
Here are my favorite five gluten-free flours that I like to keep around the house and some recipe ideas to keep those canisters from getting dusty.
Unwrap the world of chocolate and things aren't always sweet. The cacao plant's legacy is ancient and complex, while the business surrounding it is bitter, messy and even ruthless. Its future, meanwhile, is both exciting and uncertain.
The wedge salad, in our eyes, is a nearly perfect food.
These seem like a great gift for someone who you think is an absolute mess in the kitchen.
Can you remember how long you've had that ketchup or mustard in your fridge? To keep your fridge and pantry fresh, use my easy guide to spring clean your fridge.
All week, we've been eating matzoh in all its form. So here are 8 glorious ways to break the bread fast. Eight recipes with our old, honored friend, yeast.
Expect big things from these top toques.
It's entertaining season. You're hosting a March Madness party and need to impress your foodie friends. We get it. Here are 10 recipes to step up your hors d'oeuvre game.
It's taken our breath away, just like a double shot of whiskey would.
Who among us does not bake in a Valentino dress and Jimmy Choo heels?
When you're in the mood for a rich, decadent, silky, supremely out-of-this world chocolate cake, this recipe is your ticket.
After a a four day (pseudo) vegan regimen, I was ready to re-enter the New York food realm and did so with some standouts and some staples. Here, my top five tastes for the week.
It's best when breaded with almond and parmesan and quickly fried to golden perfection.
Like 15 minutes fast.
Napkins
Let us just say, we have been officially wowed.
We don't know how he always manages to get things just right, but these loaves were simply stunning.
Chef Art Smith knows what we want to hear.
Did you know the banana is also a tool for human rights victories and community sustainability?
Host a spring cocktail party that will wake us all up from the winter doldrums.
Savino appears to have solved the Dionysus-old problem of how to keep your wine around longer without re-corking your bottle, placing your wine glass in the refrigerator, or the unthinkable of pouring the contents down the drain.
These are three of my favorite Easter recipes that incorporate tradition, but also bring a modern, sophisticated flair.
This year I wanted to make a treat that evoked all of that nostalgia while being quite a bit healthier. These tasty cupcakes look like little Easter baskets and taste of sweet coconut.
All of them in cookie form.
Sweet, eggy Easter bread isn't necessarily a tradition unique to Italian or Argentinean households.  Still, here's ours
Assuming you have lots of school lunch ideas already, here are 10 easy swaps for healthier lunches and snacks. When in doubt, go back to basics and use fresh ingredients.
Host a Game of Thrones banquet with our recipes and entertaining tips.
This Easter, we're taking our egg hunt to the cocktail glass.
Baking with sugar substitutes is a contentious topic. How do they work? What kind of results will you get?  Does cheating really pay off when it comes to baking?
This sweet, milky, somehow bright orange concoction is a favorite of ours.
Defined by conflict, densely packed with refugees, and sealed from the outside world by the Israeli military, the Gaza Strip is not your typical culinary hot spot.
This bread pudding, brimming with sweet pork sausage and sharp cheddar, is deeply flavored with a crisp, golden crust and tender, creamy interior.
Kids, you don't have to make a mess of yourself anymore (unless you want to, of course).
It's really sweet, and has one of the strangest marketing campaigns we've ever seen.
Bunny Bait is the Easter version of this sweet and salty holiday popcorn treat. This stuff is addictive. Don't say I didn't warn you.
Some of the country's best-known, and most expensive, restaurants offer little-known menus featuring incredibly inexpensive food and drink specials. You just need to know where to go and when to go.
Extra crispy and topped with an herb remoulade.
When homemade, they're even better than the real thing.
Here is all you need to know to give that next artisanal chocolate bar or tasty box of bonbons the love and attention they deserve, so you can enjoy every last bite.
How to avoid rubbery whites, chalky yolks, sulfuric smells.
The growler is a perfect way to transport that draft beer taste from tap to home.
No one, and we mean no one, is better at doughnuts than the Doughnut Plant.
How they're made, and the most popular methods to eat them.
These cookies are really delicious if you like coconut, and really fun because the texture is unlike anything else.
Even if you're lazy, these tools can help.
Passover is rooted in communities and families coming together to celebrate ancient traditions and timeless memories, and creating new ones. There is so much happens around the table. In a few days, the Easter feast will be presented in a similar fashion.
30 recipes that will convince of the bundt cake's beauty.
The woman behind the $40 million Sarabeth's empire is taking on new challenges weeks ahead of her 70th Birthday, at a time when many of her contemporaries are kicking back.
Genetic modification raises hard questions that need thorough answers.  But, given finite resources to feed a growing population, wouldn't it be great if science could help us grow more nutritious foods with less time, effort, land and money?  I'm a farmer, and I say yes.
The Sober Shot is a 1/2-ounce drink that claims to, well, sober you up.
It seemed crazy at first, but this flavor combination totally makes sense.
It might not be the healthiest salad, but it's definitely the best.
If you're making Easter Candy Bark, you have a very legitimate excuse to stock up on all sorts of pastel egg-shaped morsels. And when you're done, you'll have each type of candy left over.
Which other salads should we turn into sandwiches??
It's the easiest way to get your fill of fruits and vegetables.
And it's come in the form of rhubarb.
Of course, the Milk Bar is behind this creation.
Here's a recipe for what's called Melt-in-Your-Mouth Meat Loaf. It's one of those life-simplifying meals that cooks itself while you get everything else in your busy life done.
And homemade.
The line includes small sandwiches (shown at r.) with its signature sliced roast beef or hot turkey in three varieties
Once we thought about it for a minute, it started to make sense.
It's the strongest shot you'll ever down.
Spring weather remains a fantasy here in the North-East, but those early alliums in the market made it seem a fantasy that just could become reality.
Matzo is just flour and water!  I could have made it from scratch this whole time! Warning
Time to shake off those winter blahs and spring into spring cooking! Here are 20 delicious and easy recipes that make the most of fresh spring fruits and vegetables.
Look at an exclusive peek into Samuelsson's day-to-day culinary adventures, including his Inauguration Day snacks and a meal he recently prepared for Alicia Keys.
Honestly, we thought we were having a change of heart.
These are not exactly deviled the way we expected.
With a quick dip in chocolate, you can make a dessert out of anything.
Easter is on its way and I have concocted a gorgeous Mocktail to celebrate the season!
For some, it's that irresistible mashup of salty and sweet. For others, it's a characteristic crunch accompanied by a creamy counterpart. To each his own, I say.
Sometimes, people have \secret ingredients\ that supposedly improve the taste of ramen. I recently learned of adding in American
When I wrote Jewish Traditional Cooking, I wanted to include the inherited foods but lighten them where possible.
After acquiring some free fenugreek seeds at a neighborhood seed exchange, we planted them -- recognizing their name only vaguely as some component of curry. Now they're a bumper crop. We decided to investigate and eat our new slender-stemmed friends.
Shucking oysters is one of those messy, jobs that has a lot mystique to it, but is actually a pretty simple procedure.
What factors make one restaurant better than another? Can you compare a roadside burger joint with an urban fine-dining restaurant?
Craig Deihl has some great things to share.
You'll want to make ALL of them.
New Orleans, we'll come visit you soon, we promise.
With orange zest and Kalamata olives.
Never be stuck at the wrong end of the table again.
We promise, it wants to work.
It's totally possible to make quick polenta. But it's not possible to make GREAT polenta quickly.
These Jewish pastries reach a new not-quite-kosher-for-Passover cultural mish-mash with the injection of a popular Asian dessert ingredient.
Whether it was our mom's homemade lasagna or a memorable chocolate birthday cake, food has a way of transporting us back to the past.
The world of hams is confusing, but it is worth getting a handle on things because a little knowledge will make your ham dinners much much better.
The eternal lightness of being, in the kitchen, is a delightful invention of the 20th century. Every now and then, however, comes a time to overdo it.
We know what you're thinking
They're what happens when a tortilla gets fat.
There are never enough.
1. Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Add flour, parmesan, salt and pepper into a food processor bowl and pulse until well combined
In America, he's known for pretty much one thing
If there'e one sweet treat you make for Passover this year, let it be this chocolate toffee bark.
It's no joke - this dressing is will be your new favorite Saturday morning cartoon. It's a toss-it-all-in-the-blender, no
Today's nanobrewery could easily be tomorrow's next big thing. Here are 10 of our favorite nanobreweries across the nation.
When you lose the use of one sense, the others become heightened. That's certainly true for Gerry Leary of Boulder, Colorado. Leary has been blind since birth, yet he operates a successful coffee roasting business and a caf\u00e9 near Boulder's main pedestrian mall, Pearl Street.
Passover starts tonight, which means brisket and charoset are soon to debut on your holiday table. Rabbi Simcha Weinstein talked with us about seder faux pas, unruly guests and the best gift to give at Passover.
What regional desserts in the U.S. have been living in classic apple pie's warm, buttery shadow? We set to find out, one sweet pastry at a time.
Take a bite of an ear or two.
These slow motion graphics are amazing.
It's nice to see you again, guys. Winter was really cold.
Hot sauce
This recent stretch of foodie fortune was largely spent outside of the city, with a visit to Washington D.C., a mini-vacation in New Orleans and a wine and cheese party at my apartment in between. Here are the most terrific dishes I tasted from New York to New Orleans.
Who says you can't have a great cocktail party during Passover? You can, and you should! Invite your friends over for a drink and appetizers.
Try baking with them, you'll see what we mean.
I love Brooklyn eating because it is less crowded and less sceney. It's all about the food. Chef Samuel Beket at Hill Cafe in Brooklyn was such a pleasure.
Seamless, the online delivery ordering service, just released some numbers on how Americans eat late at night, and there are some surprising little factoids in there.
It tastes sort of like a beautiful cross between a cloud and a stick of butter
Giving and receiving a thoughtful gift are probably two of the most gratifying feelings on earth.
Hint
Avocados with hummus and black beans
These are show stopping.
French toast
From 'sinkers' to 'floaters' there's a matzo ball for everyone.
Waking at 6 or 7 a.m. to bubbling vats of fragrant humous mixed with just the right bite of salt from the Mediterranean, is a life changing experience.
Yes, there is an ENTIRE fish in that cocktail.
Infinitely better than the stuff from the can.
All of them including either chocolate or sugar, or both.
Are you looking for a versatile wine you can enjoy with all kinds of casual food? France's gigantic eastern appellation -- the Rh\u00f4ne -- may be a better value than you might think.
Just as good as biscuits, only sweeter.
Tell me I'm not the only one who dreams about sweet and salty. It's why these sweet, salty sesame cookies are the best little dessert/appetizer you can imagine.
For those of us whose shopping lists vary by the season, our taste buds can grow a bit frustrated around this time of year. But no one is looking forward to spring as much as farmers in the tri-state area.
A pastry loaded with cheddar cheese.
What sandwich would you get on a plane for? What bread-and-stuff combo you'd cross the country or the globe for?
We asked 10 food critics from 10 American cities to tell us how they found their favorite taco and what makes it so special.
You will need liquid nitrogen.
You'll feel pretty proud when what started out as colorful little rocks end up so delicious.
Not with envy, but with spring.
We love to treat Passover as a sort of springtime Thanksgiving, with plenty of leftovers.
Herbs can be lovely, but if you're looking to buy the organic, locally sourced kind, prepare to leaf out a lot of green. We propose a fun, economical alternative
It's finally time for refreshing seasonal cocktails. Whether it's bourbon with mint or vodka with dill, let these five herbal concoctions inspire your spring mixology.
\Damn those New Years' people,\ Razia says about this culinary tradition. Spoken like a woman who doesn't have time to waste. But it's only seven ingredients. So what's the big deal? You don't just throw the almonds, pistachios and walnuts in a bowl and call it a day.
When Passover begins again next week, I will stage my millionth attempt to rescue some meaningful spark from its story -- this time, by exploring charoset as a glorious dish at once ancient and futuristic, traditional and infinitely adaptable.
It's hard enough to find time to bake, let alone coordinate with mother nature so I can use natural light to get the photography done.
The creators of the Beyonc\u00e9 Sandwich are back at it.
Looking for a quick n' easy gluten-free and dairy-free breakfast that's high in protein and healthy? Look no further!
Spring officially starts on Wednesday, and even if your weather isn't quite cooperating, you can still get a taste of the warmer weather ahead with these eight cocktail recipes.
The Oscar-winning actress and occasional eater of food has released her second cookbook.
Francois Payard is excited about it.
As I read Michael Moss's new book, Salt Sugar Fat
I recently caught up with my friend, chef Ben Sargent, host of Cooking Channel's Hook, Line and Dinner.
Bread at its best.
Happy first day of spring! Ramps, peas and asparagus will begin to pop up over the next few weeks, so we've rounded up some recipes that best highlight the season's bounty.
Especially when they're stuffed with buttercream frosting and chocolate ganache.
This bolognese is ceamier and zestier than most bolognese. It's certainly not traditional, but it is delicious.
Free of cholesterol and animal fats, many of the recipes feature whole grain and dried fruit crusts; fillings made from raw, soaked nuts and natural sweeteners; and fresh fruit toppings.
It's time to graduate from the jar.
Some might say they're even better than crab cakes.
This is one meat sauce worth putting the time into.
They're almost too beautiful to eat.
There are few things more satisfying than diving headfirst into a bowl of noodles. Here are 10 bowls to lean over, to slurp up, to happily get all over your face.
The first night of Passover arrives this year on Monday evening, and many observant Jews are beginning to consider which wines to purchase for their Seder tables.
A forgotten classic that we're bringing back.
Despite what you might think, making a homemade dinner in a hurry is 100 percent possible.
These are the best way we can think of to celebrate the end of clementine season.
It's time to go back to the days when we ate both locally and intuitively.
Tostadas
It's amazing that I love eggs, considering that I lived on a chicken farm for seven years when I was a kid and I ate eggs seven days a week.
Is there any more practical, functional or beautiful item in the kitchen than a mason jar?
The beloved chewy yet tender staple of the New York City breakfast has set a standard that cities across the country strive to match.
Burger King continues to revamp its menu seasonally with waves of new items that surely are going to wear out the poor teens behind its counters.
Let me get this straight
Honestly YUM is dedicated to 'the visual exploration of taste.' HELLO, LET'S BE FRIENDS.
This little cheese can do so much.
How could one little additive be so pervasive? Well, because it's really useful.
In her quiet, forceful, beautiful way, Julie Green is trying to end the death penalty in this country. She paints, on ceramic plates, portraits of death-row inmates' last meal requests
Whenever we have a hankering for some good French food in the Hudson Valley, Caf\u00e8 les Baux is where we're headed.
There are a lot of games on the horizon. We've got a different nacho recipe for each one.
With all the ingredients stirred into a simple bundt pan and baked, the result invokes relaxing moments.
Burgers are involved.
Each one more amazing than the last.
In animal print.
Grilled and topped with tomato butter.
One of our standby dishes for a quick dinner is pasta with flavorful greens such as Swiss chard, broccoli rabe or kale.
Because a regular breakfast just won't do.
Sometimes you just need dinner to be easy -- but delicious too.
How white wine sauce can revamp your whole dinner routine.
Zin is not an easy grape from which to make fine wine. It ripens very unevenly - leading to clusters containing both harshly acidic, unripe grapes and very ripe grapes. It also has a thin skin that causes the ripe grapes to turn to raisins if not picked soon enough.
In this traditional Irish stew, lamb is braised in a Guinness-spiked broth along with carrots, potatoes and bright green peas. Served with a crusty loaf of bread, it's the perfect hearty fare for a St. Patrick's Day feast.
The post-2012 Twinkie Void has raised many questions, such as
Krista asks the panel what challenges there were in coming back to farms they grew up on. Poett says she was raised to believe
This is a simple, gorgeous mocktail which is a bit of a surprise, your guests won't expect the burst of Grapefruit flavor that will greet them with the first sip!
For a baby shower.
Buckwheat grain gives an amazing flour with a rich and deep earthy texture which fits perfectly in these cookies. Buckwheat is also gluten- and wheat-free, making it an ideal flour substitute in most dishes for people with related allergies.
Sure, anyone can make a green salad. But how about a blue salad? Black? White?
This is one dish worth the wait.
This isn't a cookbook or food blog-type recipe.  It's the way your grandmother -- or someone else's grandmother -- would have shown you how to make it.
Let's take a moment to thank potatoes. They're comforting, and they serve as the canvas for many of our favorite meals. They hold up our braises and complement our roasts, crisp up after a stint in the oven and soften with a kiss of cream.
When we want to treat ourselves to something, it's usually a meal.
Collard greens and ham hocks go together like peas and carrots.
America is home to a budding number of truly authentic Irish pubs.
Paired with a white wine herb sauce.
Just like a grilled cheese, but better.
From her modest but cozy home in the mountains of North Carolina, Ashley English is providing a model of party-giving and camaraderie for a generation more concerned about authenticity and human connection than about making a big splash.
You might want to think twice before you order one.
I vividly remember the moment my fork sliced through layers of pillowy potatoes and savory minced lamb as I ate my first shepherd's pie.
This St. Patrick's Day, you certainly need to include a very special guest from the Emerald Isle -- and no, green beer doesn't count.
Sometimes, you need to punch your day in the face.
A voicemail from the loneliest room in your house.
Spice up your weeknight dinners with these creative chicken dishes. Bonus
You could have been something special.
Here are eight of our favorite unusual sweets from all around the world. Have you tried any of these?
You can cast your vote for whose beard is best through March 17 at 12:00 a.m. So ... what's the beard and beer connection
You don't know how to use your oven. It's nothing to be ashamed about.
The very busy week of a very busy chef.
We love the whole onion family equally, but leeks are our favorite today.
A corkscrew key chain means you will always be able to open a bottle of wine.
Paging Willy Wonka -- a sculptor in Belarus has created a room made entirely of chocolate.
And Craig Deihl is responsible, of course.
Only Francois Payard could make this happen.
They're rare, super-collectible, and as a result, pretty expensive.
If you didn't grow up eating this traditional Easter dessert, you missed out.
Topped with chimichurri, of course.
It's the best way to enjoy Baileys.
If you can't get to Dublin, mix a batch of lucky libations for your Irish friends.
Spring is coming, guys -- let's get our brunch game back in tip-top shape.
The Accidental Locavore has had oysters on the brain for several reasons.
Does it taste good enough for non-fans to enjoy?
Just please don't smash this cake like a traditional pi\u00f1ata.
People are still lining up for the green tea cr\u00e8me br\u00fbl\u00e9e, warm chocolate mochi cake, miso chocolate brownies and black sesame sweet tofu.
Know the difference between your colcannon and your champs.
When it comes to eating genetically modified anything, the folks who shop at Whole Foods have made it clear
Many people are looking for things that they can put in a sandwich when going plant-based. Tempeh is a good choice. If you want something mouthwateringly delicious, yet still healthy, this sandwich will not disappoint!
Make like the college kids in Cancun and swap out the wintry bourbon cocktails, the hot toddies, the mulled wine.
Try it, and you'll see.
The majority of food trucks in Austin aren't trucks at all.
How baking challah and talking about food changed over five years.
This gathering was set against the backdrop of Sin City, the most startling, bizarre and artificial landscape on the continent.
The Germans know what they're doing when it comes to pancakes.
Texas' beer, wine, coffee and cocktail cultures are bigger than ever. The Texas Issue celebrates the people, places and flavors that make the Lone Star State one hot drinking destination to explore right now.
Stuffed baked potatoes -- aka stuffed potato skins or twice-baked potatoes -- are typically made with lots of cheese and often with ingredients like bacon or ground meat.
Ask any leprechaun out there and they will tell you that they eat lots of green food items. While we only seem to look at green foods during St. Patrick's Day time, I look for new ways of giving my kids green foods year round (because they are good for them, right?).
This Frankenstein's monster of a sandwich has occupied our hearts and minds all day.
These days it's unfashionable to disparage pork belly in any form, but when it comes to chowder recipes I am firmly anti-bacon.
As I stood in front of the Colosseum eating my bomboloni, the chatter of tourists humming in the air, I thought of Rome, past and present.
Or maybe not. But they're the best way to get in the St. Paddy's Day spirit.
If you think you're going to find yourself in a situation where your booze might be taken away, consider the disposable flask.
We are finally not being facetious -- these are adorable.
He makes everything look good.
Do not, under any circumstances put green food coloring in your beer -- use ice cream.
In Western cooking and baking, ginger is perhaps best known for its role in treats like gingersnaps and gingerbread. But this anti-inflammatory spice is as versatile as it is healthy.
Franklin Barbecue, one of the most popular barbecue joints in Austin, until recently sold all of its food from a trailer. The brisket, pork rib, and pulled pork are hand cut, seasoned and smoked by  co-owner, and chef, Aaron Franklin. This is seat-of-the pants, learn-as-you-go cooking.
These photographers clearly were not fans of food.
We're on a mission to separate the weak from the strong.
Deep breaths, cold bowl, let's whip!
From fancy Spam crisps to fatty Spam sandwiches, the creativity seems unending.
It's our favorite part of spring.
Each day in Mumbai, 4,000 men in white outfits and matching hats transport 175,000 lunches across the big city.
Like all objects of beauty, wine is more than the sum of its parts. If you're busily probing into technical minutiae, will you remember to consider how a wine makes you feel?
It's an important component in the structure and texture of baked goods as we know them. It's mostly found in wheat and, to a lesser extent, in barley and rye. So what is it?
The mystery of wine has been solved.
Given how much we all love firing it up in the kitchen and cracking open a cold brew, why not double your pleasure and cook with beer while you drink it?
Why on this day of celebration do we frequently insist on feeding each other airplane food?
Vegetables are the greatest excuse to eat hollandaise.
Spring is here, and there's no excuse not to start eating more green vegetables.
The International Restaurant and Foodservice Show of New York rolls into town every March with a vast array of vendors and displays.
Sometimes you think you've met every kind of cinnamon roll under the sun.
We're big proponents of English muffins -- their spongey texture makes for an entirely different take on typical breakfast staples, like toast. They're excellent with butter, peanut butter and jams, or even by themselves.
Our feelings about the four flavors varied rather dramatically.
\Survive and advance\ are the words Chef/Owner Shawn Cirkiel uses to describe the situation at his downtown Austin restaurant during the 10-day stretch of South By Southwest.
You're not limited to cake. Imagine a giant Jell-O mold, terrine or quiche in your initials!
Stop being scared, they're just eggs! We're here to help.
On February 26, the James Beard Foundation headed to Vermilion restaurant to judge the Women in Culinary Leadership Cookoff.
Owning a food truck isn't where I saw my life heading when I was in college. I didn't realize when I decided to take this business plunge that my new eau de parfum was going to have natural hints of vanilla and brown sugar, but then again, I didn't anticipate a lot of things.
It's a family production, this sun-dried tomato business. And like all good things, it's simple.
This blondie recipe is not your typical blonde.
And it's beautiful.
Allegretti is impressed with Eleven Madison Park.
1. Dried fruit. Most gas stations have a snack section, and most of it is junk. But if you look carefully, you'll usually
This prediction defies traditional wisdom about the younger diners of today.
The Poor Porker beignet cart reflects that thrifter's sensibility. It's a curated trove of weird found objects and quirky personal passions, so genuinely strange that it's hard for people not to fall in love with Masse and Wilson's vision of the world.
Eating our first popover was like a delicious physics lesson that we actually liked.
It's high time you just make your own sous vide apparatus
Presented with something sticky, our teeth and jaws tell us that this substance is highly concentrated, extremely dense
It's worth it for the smell of fresh-baked bread alone.
A genius brownie has been tricky to pin down -- until now.
This cookbook is exciting for one major reason
March is the ideal time to pack-up shop and get away. Winter is supposed to be over, but somehow it feels like it's just getting worse. Unfortunately, some of us are no longer in a stage of life where taking a week off to drink tequila is acceptable or mandated by university scheduling.
We'll be the first to admit it, parsnips are kind of weird. But these recipes will convince you they're also great.
Taboos are a funny thing, and when it comes to breaking them, certainly not all food cultures are alike.
The title \prince biscuits\ has been given to a number of various foods over time.
Guess he never learned the lesson, if you don't have anything nice to say, then don't say it at all.
After claims that Budweiser has been \watered down,\ we set up an experiment to see if drinkers can really tell the difference.
In summertime, a week will go by and we'll realize that apart from the odd slice of salami we've been subsisting on all those great warm-weather vegetables, plus pasta and bread. But on a cold day, meat has greater appeal.
Walk a week in the shoes on a concierge during the South Beach Food & Wine Festival.
The problem with a lot of things on Kickstarter is that once you have them funded, you have to produce them and not everyone is prepared to ramp-up in dramatic fashion.
To become a finalist and compete in Napa, CA for the top prize, the culinary school chefs must first compete in one of 10 regional 'battle royale' style competitions and present their cuisine to an independent panel of executive chefs and food media.
Ditch the meat and veg out.
When food and design collide, the internet tends to fall in love.
Cacahapas are definitely involved.
If you like rich, complex, high quality red wines, you owe it to yourself to get to know the wines of Ribera del Duero.
The cabbage actually adds a totally different texture, giving the dish a good crunch.
Roasted Cauliflower The great thing about this recipe is that the cauliflower by itself is totally yum and goes great with
Winter root vegetables are some of my favorite ingredients.
I've had three of the most remarkable meals of my eating life within the last year, and I've had them all while sitting on a barstool.
And how much thought is put into them.
Recently, researchers have begun turning their attention to a burning question in food science
Most of us only know for sure that waiting on security lines at airports is going to be even more unbearable than usual, and that alone is enough to drive one to drink.
The Miracle Berry resembles the cranberry in appearance, but that is where the similarities end. In fact, the Miracle Berry is unlike any other fruit out there!
Beets are a nutritional powerhouse -- they cleanse the body, are chock-full of vitamins, minerals and antioxidants, and are a great source of energy.
Food poetry can be incredibly nuanced, eliciting feelings of pleasure and nostalgia in the same way eating does.
For a fresher variation of sriracha, we recommend making your own
Ooh, girl! Your knife skills are sickening.
Not exactly glowing results, but we all made it out alright.
What do Brittany Murphy, the word \oodles\, and Tulsa, Oklahoma have to do with the undebatable noodle of the moment?
Could I leave a life consisting of lobster, chicken Parmesan and one set of silverware, behind? Maybe. Would my children ever live these everyday items (I clearly take for granted) first hand? Maybe not.
Here, I've explored a few types of potatoes, which of all things are flourishing in multiple shapes, colors and variety -- yes, right now, in the dearth of mid-winter's dullness.
Proper accessories complete a well-stocked bar. These tools of the trade will have you mixing in style and ever ready for your next Pop-Up Party. My favorite kind of social activity.
We make new discoveries in our quest to find out who's making Trader Joe's food.
Think capers and a cheesy sauce. Creme fraiche and caviar! Sorry, we'll calm down.
Fish tacos are perfect pretty much any time. That they can be prepared in under ten minutes is just icing on the cake (or cabbage on the taco).
Feeding four is easy; but feeding 20 is a whole different ball game.
We don't think so.
Guinness floats are a no-brainer, and Guinness cakes put an interesting spin on traditional chocolate.
Simple, but perfectly comforting.
We love the classic, but sometimes we can't help but mess with perfection.
Clarified butter is the workhorse cooking fat of many a restaurant kitchen and culinary school -- some even keep it in big squeeze bottles for fast access.
It can be used as a rice substitute in most recipes, and is also traditionally used in soups or in pilafs.
Breakfast, lunch and hugs.
Ingredients
Not just one, but two.
It's beginning to be a regular thing.
It's one we can get behind.
Make these rich chocolate cupcakes topped with minty-green frosting in honor of Saint Paddy!
From street vendor celebrations to private dinners with winemakers and acclaimed chefs,  lovers of libations have much to celebrate this year.
What do you think of fermented soybeans (natto), firefly squid with pickled wasabi, chicken bones (nankotsu) and hearts, arugula salad with dried baby fish topped with a poached egg, and sea eel with soy and lemon? Probably not much or unappealing if you're not too familiar with Japanese food.
And we really do love brownies too.
From the series Markers.com, featuring trailblazing women across all fields.
The word \apple\ dates back to the Beowulf days, and first appeared in Old English as \\u00e6ppel,\ meaning \apple; any kind of fruit; fruit in general.\
It took nearly forever for American restaurants to understand what American customers want, but now they have it right.
We've never met anyone who thinks this oddly bittersweet soda is 'just okay.'
There's nothing quite like cookies fresh out of the oven, except, perhaps, cookies hot off the stove.
It's one root vegetable you want to know.
If beer is the new wine, we need to start doing some of the same things with beer that are we do with wine.
A McDonald's franchisee says the chain will remove Angus Third Pounder burgers, Chicken Selects and apple-walnut salad, a move likely intended to clear menu space for an expected rollout of McWraps and other new items.
Let's take a look at some of the most heinous falsities and set the record straight on dark beers, proper serving and storage temperature, and the damage done by years of beer advertisements.
Why not bring a delicious salad to work for lunch? It's a great way to save money and eat a healthy diet.
The supermodel shows off her kitchen skills, and makes the chef blush more than once.
Clark Haass is bent on world domination, but not in the evil-overlord, bwa-ha-ha sense. He wants to bring the world to the
Because a bowl of cereal just won't do.
These individual Mango Cakes are my offering to you during the celebration for the Year of the Snake.
Maybe you love handmade cookies and locally-grown teas, but you just don't have the time.
Pour your heart out and tell us about the special food people in your neighborhood.
We're seeing good things.
It's not as bad as you think.
I never had any intentions of putting horse on my menu just for the sake of it. If found a livestock farmer raising them humanely, I would consider it. Until then, I'll keep investigating all sides of the matter, unlike the people calling for my colleagues' and my heads on a platter.
It's a beautiful sight.
Throw out those bottled dressings. They're no good here.
This award is given to regional establishments, often family-owned, that are treasured for their quality food, local character, and lasting appeal.
Proof that this cake is anything but boring.
Someone made this real for us!
Send us letters about the people who make a difference in your food community.
Breakfast for dinner is undoubtedly one of our most cherished traditions. But you don't have to stop at serving omelets, toast and pancakes.
Thai-inspired french fries and vegetarian \duck\ salad put an interesting twist on the cuisine.
Bananas are not the only food that can be used past their prime.
This pale lager is just about the greatest thing on earth to wash down a stuffed quahog.
It makes sense that dessert demands its own separate chef, someone who can conjure up a memorable finale.
Cornflake crusted, grilled to gooey perfection -- we'll wait for you to catch your breath.
Try something new. Look at a vegetable in its entirety.
I've been making risotto for decades, for much of that time using fairly rich chicken stock as my preferred cooking liquid.
In order to remedy the \mom, can we get Spaghetti O's for dinner?\ question, I decided to make my own version.
The pickle butter is sheer creative genius, but the perfectly tangy braised pork is technical perfection.
California certainly has a long history with the variety, and there are numerous older vineyards, going back to the 1970s, that are hitting their stride as sources for lower yielding, more complex grapes.
It's not just for pancakes.
The top 5 were chosen based on menu mentions across the country.
Bikini bodies are hot but great food is equally as sexy!
A first-hand look at a week in the life of Maile Carpenter.
No canned chicken noodle soup will ever beat homemade, but sometimes we're lazy.
It's hard to imagine that a Girl Scout cookie can be improved upon, but from the looks of these recipes, it may be true.
The oddly-shaped, tart, tropical fruit we can't get enough of.
It's basically Italian bacon, so... it's basically the best.
You can make Hollandaise sauce in a blender in about 60 seconds. No, really.
Popcorn, or duck, or pound cake, or ice cream... Get out that jug and take advantage.
We always knew Oreo cookies were special, but we didn't know they were this special.
The synopsis we have in our minds is all wrong.
You've never had one like this before.
You'll understand why the Belgians call it their white gold.
What's not to love about them?
The health benefits of the lusty Mediterranean diet have been touted for years.
There's no better reason to start getting in shape.
We're moving beyond the potato.
Learn how to make this gorgeous cake from blogger Hungry Rabbit.
With Swedish furniture IKEA giant taking a big (although unintentional) leap in the culinary world by taking their famous meatballs on something of an equestrian detour.
For a lot less money.
A cool spring had come to the Northern Rh\u00f4ne Valley, and Nancy Kerschen was growing restless. Many months had passed since she'd moved from California to France to grow grapes with her true love, Julien C\u00e9cillon. But the lack of sun meant a delayed harvest.
The most common question I get about healthy plant-based cooking is this
It's easier than you think.
This dish will bring anyone back to their childhood in Provence -- even if you've never been.
While advertisements for the incredible, edible egg aren't as prevalent as they once were, eggs are an essential part of any bakery and restaurant.
It might just be a glorified margarita, but it's surprisingly perfect for Texas' abundant hot summer days.
Thirty-five ways to use this spread.
We fall in love with Ohio's new favorite whiskey.
Their trademark style involves an undercurrent of wit and fierce thoughtfulness.
By now, we all know that the fish we buy has about a one in three chance of being something other than what's on the label. Just how much should we care?
The King Cake  was actually baked and eaten during the Epiphany season (January 6th to Ash Wednesday). But since the U.S. has a short attention span for everything, it's become associated with Mardi Gras celebrations.
Call them cream puffs or profiteroles, we just want to eat them all.
Onion chopping is one of two things that consistently makes me cry. (The other is \Friday Night Lights.\)
The joys of chocolate milk need not be explained, but we're happy to explain them anyway.
Whatever you do, just don't say that word. Please.
There are several species of bluefin tuna, and all of the world's populations have declined dramatically in recent decades.
We are very harsh potato chip judges. That being said, we are fans of these. There isn't a ton of onion ring flavor, but
We're huge fans of their cool, creamy texture, but we have to admit they're pretty darn good when heated up, too.
Sage pasta advice from an Iron Chef. Trust him.
Whatever happened to white sauce? Has that wonderfully comforting creamy sauce thickened with butter and flour disappeared for good from our plates?
Perhaps the conference had not intended to give us hope -- but rather to disrupt any complacency around the pace of change and the evolution of a national agenda around food policy.
Important restaurants always have alumni who start other acclaimed restaurants.
It's all of our dreams come true.
These luscious little morsels taste enough like Snickers bars to satisfy a candy bar craving... the dates have a caramel flavor, and the nuts, chocolate, and salt combine for an incredibly satisfying little snack.
Served on crab cakes, topped with satsuma hollandaise sauce.
We're mad at Ina Garten.
Canine cookbook author Rick Woodford (Feed Your Best Friend Better) demonstrates an easy granola bar recipe that your dog
It's where he belongs.
We want two.
Crispy, crunchy and addictive, it will be nearly impossible to eat just one of these Kale Chips with Black Roasted Sesame Seeds.  If you've never tried kale chips before, you are missing out.
Alain Allegretti is full of surprises.
Eating fish on Fridays is a long-standing lenten tradition, as those observing this time of fasting and reflection abstain from eating meat once a week.
We're here to tell you that you're being a baby if you're afraid of making soup.
If you love pizza but have never made your own, we are here to insist that you do it.
We want one.
We're inspired by what we see.
They only sell donuts and fried chicken. Trust me, there is no better way to start your day then with one of their fresh donuts.
They order whole lobsters that weigh one to four pounds, depending on what Lorri's husband has caught that day, or they go for lobster rolls, crab rolls, heaps of clams, or even a hot dog.
How did White House Sub Shop, situated only three blocks north of the Atlantic City boardwalk, weather Hurricane Sandy? \We didn't,\ remarks owner Brian Conley.
You know what were great inventions? The rubberband and the chip clip.
While there's an Oscar for just about everything movie-related, we couldn't help but notice that the Best Cinematic Cocktail category still hasn't made the Academy's cut.
We show a little love to our favorite member of the thistle family.
Since it's Oscar Season, we asked some of our contributors what their favorite food scenes in movies are. We'd love to hear what your favorite food scene is in a movie and why!
Ricotta is the real deal and you're missing a wonderful treat if you settle for anything less. Even better, make it yourself.
We always think that food is the most important, but how you are treated, before, during and after you eat that food, plays a huge role in how the meal is enjoyed.
They give you a great excuse to eat oyster crackers.
It's become increasingly rare to see the word \parfait\ without the word \yogurt\ tacked onto it, but this hasn't always been the case.
Every month or so I look forward to receiving the \events publication\ from the James Beard House in New York City. A read of the menus to be cooked by myriad chefs from all over the country provides an \instagram\ sweep of America's culinary landscape.
No, we are not talking about coffee with milk. We are talking about coffee milk.
In the world of whiskey, Heather Greene has some significant firsts
Apparently a lot like scrambled eggs.
What do we do when we feel nostalgic? We make vintage-inspired recipes.
This easy apple pie recipe is a simple French twist on a favorite sweet treat
The common thread among funeral food is that it is typically simple, warm and versatile.
Okay children, today's lesson is
Finally, dessert was served. Dark chocolate fondante with fragrant Tonka beans and red berry syrup, and a passion fruit custard with jeweled fresh fruit and miniature macarons.
You may think the season of gift-giving -- the season of cookies, of loaf cakes, of sticky caramels and candied nuts -- is long over. The time for dressing up in costume? So last October.
Stephanie Izard, chef/owner of Girl and the Goat and now Little Goat, stopped by the fifth anniversary of The Interview Show.
It'll be hard to choose just one.
Make mealtime easier, and more delicious.
If you're a cookie lover, you probably aim for gooeyness when baking.
In an apricot salad.
This is my take on Pollo a la Brasa, the delicious spit-roasted chicken made popular by so many Peruvian restaurants. The chicken is first marinated in olive oil, lime juice, garlic and spices, and then oven-roasted until tender, juicy and crisp-skinned.
Host your own glam-filled, Hollywood-inspired Oscar bash at home, with tasty cocktails an easy to assemble meal, fun and games, and you're sure to be on the ballot for the best host in a \Zero Fail Mission.\
You could almost make it work as wall art.
We just discovered that you can buy caffeine powder -- please send help.
A week in the life of the founder of Epic Meal Time.
He'd cut a chicken into portions and moist-roasted it with strong flavors including particularly aromatic rosemary, garlic and - this was the memorable part - lemon halves put into the roasting pan cut side down.
There's a fantastically wide array of them, too -- so many that we're taking two weeks to cover them all.
Wine events can be as loud as a college party or cozy as an intimate gathering of friends but no matter the style, knowing basic event etiquette ahead of time will enhance the pleasure, entertainment, and education of all who attend. Here's what you need to know before raising your glass.
Spring feels a long way away. Summer feels even farther. This will help.
It's the best kind around.
Especially when biscuits are involved.
Please enjoy some totally unadulterated food gif bliss.
Feast your eyes on some truly gluttonous creations.
This Tasmanian Devil of a person let us know what his ideal Homecoming Meal would be.
This past year training and representing my country as the Bocuse d'Or candidate has been one of the most exciting of my life. It fostered an enormous sense of pride and community at The Greenbrier, allowed me to grow as a person and a chef.
Today
Years went by and no matter how many times friends and family tried convincing me that duck was actually very delicious, I could not be persuaded.
Here it is, a full nine course meal, from snacks and cocktails, all the way to dessert and petit fours, with each course inspired by one of the 2013 Best Picture nominees.
What does coffee sound like?
We hope it's the best one yet!
We're very proud!
Correction
We've done all the recon, but the field work is up to you! Put your counter-intellegence to work, and throw a swinging bash!
I love kidneys. Particularly for breakfast, saut\u00e9ed in a knob of butter with a splash of sherry and then resting on a crisp English muffin.
McDonald's is hoping McCurrywurst will reenergize the chain's sales in Germany.
Which childhood snacks have stood the test of time for you?
Perhaps we are lazy and prefer not to leave the neighborhood, but I prefer to think that we simply have so many great places to eat that we need not go far.
For more from Maria Rodale, go to www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com I woke up on Super Bowl Sunday thinking about broccoli
Cakes Lincoln's second inaugural dinner (which hilariously evolved into a food fight), featured poultry, tarts, jellies, and
Nana, my mother's mother and uncontested matriarch of our brood, was probably an excellent cook.
I offer you these chocolate creamy caramel bites--sweet hugs with warm wishes from me to you.
It's the easiest French dessert you can make.
It turns into the best pastries and French toast.
The idea that the \authentic\ in food is sort of a false one, full of imagined nostalgia.
In 2013, the best picture list is full of fun cuisines and themes to play up.
You might be surprised by some of our Presidents' favorite cocktails.
You meant well when you bought a bunch of firm, green bananas. You really did.
We might as well just say it
As the saying goes, all things worth having are worth fighting for.
It's a finger food and can lead to some awkward-yet-adorable Lady and the Tramp moments.
Thank you for being so fat, so lovely and so devilishly willing to tell a dirty joke.
Filled with simple, wholesome ingredients like fresh organic leeks, Russet potatoes and non-fat milk, I reasoned that it would be a dish that my kids would love. But they refused to try it. Actually, they ran from it like they would from a burning building. Here's why.
We're not even counting cookies and cream ice cream.
Just as the flames of the Sriracha trend have begun to die down, a new hot sauce trend has emerged
Orange and ice cream = awesomeness.
And all the ways you can fill them.
They're perfect for cake decorating.
I made these curry-spiced parsnip and sweet potato fries on a whim one chilly afternoon.
Behind the rise of the U.S. craft spirits industry.
We've decided to compile all the products and events that PR people pitched us for Valentine's Day in one fell swoop.
They may sound too cute to eat, but we assure you that is not the case.
Restaurants that are setting the tone for groundbreaking food throughout the country.
'Can you believe it? S'mores indoors! And I didn't even need a fire to make them.'
Our only request for future iterations
People have been making beer, or at least something resembling beer, since the dawn of civilization.
We just want to make sure you understand that you have options for Valentine's day.
Etymology Century eggs have many names, including the aforementioned few. In China, they are sometimes referred to as \pine
You can make a lot of money by assuming Americans are super lazy in the mornings.
Looking for that extra special something for your valentine this year? We say reach for the booze!
Wine, beer, and cider selections that perfectly complement holiday menus. Read more on realsimple.com
Use these smart suggestions from Michelle Tampakis, resident chocolate expert at New York's Institute of Culinary Education
Does it matter if they're from Sumatra or Guatemala? While certain regions cultivate distinctive flavors, geography isn't
It's easy! Here's a foolproof plan that will work even if you know nothing about wine. Read more on buzzfeed.com
Adorable filled cupcakes might seem like a project best left to the professionals, but let me reassure you that they're not
February marks both the Lunar New Year and National Hot Breakfast Month, and we've offered up warm and comforting recipes
Food photographer Kyle Dreier makes his living shooting dishes and drinks for restaurants and chefs, but its one of his personal projects that recently caught our attention.
In the week we celebrate Valentine's Day it seems only fitting for a wine blog to acknowledge that the key ingredient in many of the world's most extraordinary wines is love.
Just make sure you have a Valentine's cocktail ready to roll for your honey, your girlfriends or yourself. Here are a few of my favorites, colorful and tasty and sure to set hearts a-flutter.
How the new Lay's flavors stack up.
It looks really fresh.
We are so, so ready for this particular jelly.
It seemed to me that its flavors - gin, Campari and Italian vermouth, plus a slice of orange as a garnish - lent themselves to sauce-making.
They're easy to make, and are light, sweet, and buttery all at once
New York Times restaurant critic Pete Wells reviewed Aska, a Scandinavian restaurant in Brooklyn, in the newspaper's Dining
Eating could very well be the best aspect of travelling.
Topped with cucumber tzatziki sauce and tomatoes.
What do you get when you deep fry a bacon chili cheese dog?
There are some menu choices we we would like to steer you away from.
The best dinner you can cook in under ten minutes.
In a dingy Parisian back street, diners at a one-of-a-kind bistro tuck lustily into breaded horse brain, pan fried heart of horse and broiled cheek, along with prime rump steaks the chef cuts from the bone himself.
With an age your own whiskey kit.
On Sunday, A Voce chef Missy Robbins won this year's Cochon 555 competition in New York. That's not so surprising
Whoever came up with that catchy phrase about 'the way to a person's heart is through their stomach' was mostly right. Add wine into the mix and you've really got it made.
He sure does know how to eat.
Seriously, is there anything more heartwarming than an elated sushi chef?
Connections between food and sex are so ordinary that they have come to be a clich\u00e9.
Ahem
Have you ever had your kids go nuts for a dish you thought wouldn't go over so well? You know what I mean -- you decide to try a new recipe from a cookbook, Pinterest or your favorite blog and everyone loved it!
How to melt cheese?? Guys. Let's take a few deep breaths.
We always thought guacamole deserved an award.
Utter decadence. Big, fat juicy oysters in a tangy, creamy sauce oozing out of a freshly baked and then broiled buttery roll.
During my eight years in Taiwan, I learned to adore Chinese food in all its permutations. One sweet snack I loved in particular would start showing up in the local pastry shops as Chinese New Year rolled around.
The Sazerac cocktail enjoyed a long run as the supposed 'first cocktail ever.'
Personally, I use this holiday to surround myself with chocolate.
Do you live in one of them?
The important differences between men and woman... when it comes to dessert.
With a hint of rosemary.
My kids have been going WILD for Strawberry snow ice cream this year. I think I made it once last year and apparently they remembered!
If sickly sweet, bright pink cocktails terrify you, these are your recipes.
All of them worth staying home for.
Flowers are stupid Valentine's Day gifts because you can't eat (most of) them and it's unsatisfying to do a late-night jewelry binge. No, in 2013, the only way to impress that special someone is with calories, carbohydrates, non-GMO whole grains, and non-irradiated spices.
Some of our expert tips on how to joyfully imbibe without feeling like a garbage can.
Skip the bouquets and petal-laden bubble baths, and put your roses to a better use.
Craig Deihl sheds some insight on these blades.
Staying healthy while on the road has been a theme for me lately. Whether you are a frequent flyer, or just need a little extra inspiration, here are a few tips I picked up recently that will help to make traveling and eating healthfully easier to pull off.
We tasted them so you don't have to. (Wait, you wanted to?)
All juicers are not created equal.
How to plan your meal, cook it and try to enjoy it all at the same time.
Hint
It's hard to talk about Valentine's Day without everyone's favorite thing to giggle about.
If you are allergic to gluten, or are simply avoiding it, lunch isn't always so easy.
Chocolate, double chocolate and more.
Ramen may seem like just a basic noodle soup, but the crazy amount of work that goes into creating the silky pork broth, light noodles and marinated eggs is mind blowing. We traveled to Ramen Tatsu-Ya to break down this classic Japanese comfort food.
Even in the world of organic wines, there is a spectrum. You can have many spirited conversations (pun intended) about how \pure\ pure can be, and now natural a wine might be. How do you determine if the sulfites in wine are causing headaches?
They were making ice cream with liquid nitrogen last night at San Francisco's One Market, as the glamorous Michelin-starred San Francisco restaurant celebrated its 20th anniversary.
And that's a pretty good thing.
There's a lingering stereotype about brussels sprouts that says they're mushy, funky, and to be avoided. Not so!
Any time we're in the kitchen, we're usually chopping onions for something
My bodybuilding experience enables me to prepare my body for the enormous amounts of food I can take in during an eating contest and also how to deal with the aftermath in the most efficient manner possible.
We are total weirdos who like to make each other blindly taste wine and report back.
You should see this.
We always knew he had talent.
It's what we all really want.
We think that sometimes it outshines its crispier relative -- bacon.
It's faster than waiting for delivery.
We know what you're thinking, but fear not! This isn't a list of tooth-achingly sweet drinks you'd find only on a cruise ship.
Don't get us wrong
Vodka-based cocktails may have dominated the '90s and early '00s, but nowadays it seems that gin is the spirit of the moment
Myth
With kale and scallions, this rice is a healthy option.
What kind of magic holds those perfectly diced pieces of potato together?
There are more than you'd think.
Flakes and Flurries Falling... and its Freezing! Time to bring a little sunshine in and visit the tropics, via the bar, of course.
A German vacation is bound to elicit dreams of frothy, heavy beers.
Cookie butter is pretty much exactly what it sounds like -- a spread with the consistency of nut butters, but composed of cookies instead.
How to salvage overcooked chicken, a crumbly cake, mushy vegetables, and more. Read more on realsimple.com
Don't have the money to go completely organic? Find out which non-organic foods are safest to eat. Why Buy Organic? The benefits
You should become familiar with all of them.
And leave the cardboard carrier at home.
They serve meyer lemon tempura!
We understand the allure of a steakhouse dinner on Valentine's Day
For a lot of cultures, a meal without a plantain is a somewhat unimaginable occurrence.
Shake things up with an unconventional option such as Nutella or applesauce.
If there is one food item synonymous with the province of Quebec and the city of Montreal, it's poutine. Poutine is a dish that marries a great deal of fries, squeaky cheese curds, and ladles of gravy sauce. Some people think the combination is disgusting, but a majority of Quebecers think it's the holy grail of all dishes.
Meals are a multi-course affair that tends to expand and contract as needed. You can be assured that there will be at least three courses, maybe two, but never just one plate.
I didn't actually realize the depths to which I loved Old Bay until a I had a shrimp boil without it.
I will admit, I'm not the biggest nut person. I rarely crave them. In fact, I don't seek them out. Nuts, in general, don't make it into my pantry as a snack.
Spread the love.
It's not quite pudding and it's not quite cake
Dinners as simple as eggs poached in tomato sauce or fried amid cheese and bread can hit the spot.
Richard Blais travels in style.
\Vote for the best bartender!\ Everyone in the restaurant industry was asking friends to vote. At least those categories were based on food. But the contest that pushed me over the edge was named \The Hottest Chef.\
We've got some you have to try.
It's hard to imagine what dinner looked like before the days of Instagram.
There are people on this earth who hate cake. They've bravely agreed to confess.
One day two weeks ago at Dry Creek Kitchen in Healdsburg, Calif., I ate rich, chewy, bacon-studded chocolate-chip candy bars and aromatic, melt-in-the-mouth chocolate truffles topped with pulverized chicharrones.
If food be the food of love...
We're not sticklers for etiquette, but we are committed to the enjoyment of our eating experience.
While marzipan isn't as popular in the U.S. as it is in Europe, we're starting a personal campaign to fix this grave oversight
They're just as good as English muffins.
Are these amazing? Are they an abomination? Are they, somehow, both? Let us know what you think in the comments!
This Valentine's Day, I've put together some dishes that will delight the palate and the waistline.
A pinch can also be added to chocolatey, and even fruity desserts for a surprising kick.
However we like our poutine, we agree on three things
I refuse to order fried chicken that arrives in a box, at room temperature and with no other fresh ingredients for my daughter's lunch. Instead, I make my own baked chicken strips one night every few weeks. I hope your family enjoys them as much as she does.
We have relationships with food all the time, believe it or not. This post is dedicated to a newer friend, or food, of mine, which I find terribly gruff, abrasive and difficult to love
Warning
It'll warm you up faster than hot chocolate.
GUANTANAMO BAY NAVY BASE, Cuba -- Journalists visiting Guantanamo Bay for the military commissions are now allowed to roam
A handful is great for holding off hunger, and a plateful is perfect for entertaining when coupled with fresh cheeses and spreads.
We'll take any excuse to eat waffles
Why should we help our children develop a taste for salty foods that is not good for their health and influences their eating patterns for life? There is research to suggest that when children have high salt intake it may predispose them to the development of high blood pressure.
Be forewarned -- once you start adding green chile to everything, it's really hard to stop.
There's no better mood-dampener than to have your much-anticipated cookie-fest interrupted by a baking error. Which is why we're here to help you fix it.
There's so much more to crab than crab cakes.
These envelopes are so sweet. No, literally, they are chocolate-flavored.
We never turn our noses up at something so exceptionally good at soaking up butter and jam.
The traditional holiday dishes fare bountiful, with each representing either prosperity, wealth, health, longevity, or some other desirable outcome.
Lara Ferroni shows us how to make a smooth and creamy nacho cheese dip and pickled jalapenos in a flash.
You've definitely seen a rutabaga before, but you might have mistaken it for a turnip.
You'll never believe what office appliance comes to the rescue.
Azalina Eusope lives thousands of miles from where she grew up, but her infectious spirit and almost-staggering immigrant work ethic are introducing hungry Californians to the cuisine of Malaysia, one spice at a time.
The big game is days away and with the menu of wings, cheese dip, and taco bars all set, now you need cocktails that will have the crowd really cheering!
This recipe needs to be made for the Super Bowl.
[via The Awesomer] Want to read more from HuffPost Taste? Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest and Tumblr. Some days
This year's Super Bowl takes place in New Orleans, so we're planning on serving a few Gulf-inspired offerings, like these bite-sized oyster nuggets.
Oh, and there's bacon in them. A++.
Ottolenghi sure knows how to eat.
The good, the bad and the downright disgusting.
Like many people, I'd watched the Food Network for 1-2 hours a night after work to unwind, but I'd never made a single dish. If I was going to be using ingredients, I needed to be able to recall them like song lyrics. I needed a working vocabulary.
And it's a beautiful thing.
When it comes to creating a nutritious meal that is also packed with flavor, I love stuffing sweet potatoes. Not only are they loaded with vitamins and nutrients, but they make the perfect edible bowl for anything from turkey chili to the spicy black bean salsa.
And we don't mean the chocolates.
When it comes to guacamole upgrades, we used to think that we had seen it all, but we were happily proven wrong.
We, the American people, have advanced Super Bowl cuisine to astounding heights.
But great food reminds me to keep both feet planted on the ground, preferably next to a patch of turnips.
So many glorious ways with chocolate, vanilla and strawberry.
Food is the most important part of any game-day celebration, and you can never have too many dips or finger foods.
They're perfect for dinner.
It looks as good as it sounds.
Chickens are footballs, except for the wings. And that's why when we watch football, we eat chicken wings.
Named after the Italian island Sardinina, sardines are definitely the herring family's hippest and healthiest member. A frequent ingredient in Mediterranean and Italian cooking, they offer a briny, salty burst of flavor that enriches many a dish.
It's swirly and has chocolate.
Once you make your own, you'll never go back.
If you've fallen in love with herbaceous, bracing gin, this is your logical next step.
If you have never had a stroopwafel, stop right now and run to the store. You need to enjoy the amazing flavor and chewiness of this foreign treat.
We've pulled together half a dozen of our favorite, no-fuss food and drink recipes that will help ensure victory on game day
All you coffee addicts chugging espressos like shots of vodka are probably going to live longer than the rest of us.
Valentines day is nearly upon us, and in my books it is the best time to give and (definitely) receive lots of delicious chocolate. Here are some of my favourite chocolates to inspire you - enjoy!
The rest of your desserts will be (less) green with envy.
Game day just wouldn't be as good without them.
Despite the constant stream of TV ads, beer is not the drink you should serve your friends and family on Super Bowl Sunday.
Yes, it's healthy -- but it's so much more than a substitute.
'Like real fortune cookies, Fortune Cookie Coin Purse is made in the USA.'
And we don't want it to ever end.
Hand-held snacks are imperative for football-watching. How else are you going to satisfy your hunger in a way that doesn't distract from the very important tasks of watching, rooting, cheering and critiquing?
More than 13,000  worldwide breweries were considered for these awards, yet eight of the top ten beers were all from the same new brewery.
Although you can eat persimmons alone when they are perfectly ripe, just like you'd eat apples, they also taste great in salads, baked goods and pureed in desserts.
I always think of a vegetable stock I once made with too much celery - you could barely taste any other ingredient. The other day, though, I thought I'd let it run riot over a pot of braised lamb shanks.
This Japanese egg dish is magic trick, hidden in a small cup.
With orange essence and fresh fruit on top.
You'll have a hard time bringing yourself to use them.
Waking up isn't so hard when there's a breakfast pastry waiting for you.
As Game Day draws near, our thoughts and appetites turn towards crowd-pleasing snacks that excited hands can grab with eyes still locked on the screen, foods that don't take much concentration to eat and don't require a circus-caliber balancing act to get the food from the plate to your mouth without a drip or a drop (we're looking at you, salsa).
These vegetables and dips are usually served as part of a full meal, but in a non-Thai setting they work well as finger foods to go with drinks.
These are better than Chipotle, guys.
Oxtail is not the most popular cut of meat out there, but it's definitely a perfect one to be enjoying during the winter
Soothing, comforting therapy, there is no escaping the healing qualities of food.
When you make your own salsa, you control the flavor -- you can even toss some fruit in there.
Some guidance is required.
The soup by itself is very delicious but it gets a pretty bold kick of heat from the Thai chili peppers in the crunchy peanut and cilantro chutney.
You don't need to be a professional writer to record your own family history and recipes. Just spend some time with the person who cooks your favorite dishes.
There's just something irresistible about those squiggly little curly noodles in that briny broth.
You'll be surprised which brand of supermarket cheddar consistently ranked at the bottom of our test.
Unless you're craving the soggy-noodled chicken soup from your childhood days, overcooked pasta does not make for an enjoyable dinner experience.
We are here for the game day snacks, people.
This recipe is also topped with a bourbon-rosemary sauce.
To find out what 2013 holds for the world of cocktails, bars and spirits, Food & Wine interviewed bartenders from across the country, who predict a world of restrained and sophisticated low-alcohol cocktails, tequila at brunch and tableside drink service.
It's the dish you should be making right now.
At the time of the book's publication, bananas were still considered an \exotic\ fruit, and weren't commonly sought-after.
No more getting the sides of your hands greasy digging deep into a takeout box, no more pouring food into\u00a0unnecessary\u00a0communal plates, just fold the takeout box' sides down and get right to grubbin'.
Dark roast is terrible in more ways than one. Sorry folks. Your oily, burnt French and Italian roasts are the antithesis of what today's coffee should be. It's not your fault that you've been told to enjoy this stuff for so long.
Who know something so easy could taste this good.
Allow us to introduce you to our other favorite part of the celery plant
Change is a process, so why would anyone expect overnight success?
When it comes to packing fresh fruit in our children's school lunch, the difficulty often lies in how to pack it so it stays fresh through the lunch hour and making sure it doesn't go to waste.
Old men sipping at small glasses of sweet milky coffee, foamed up to perfection by pouring it from one cup to another. They stand at tables, eating Khara Bath, Kesari Bath, Chow Chow Bath, and so many other breakfasts.
I'd been wanting to make homemade yogurt for years.  After much trial and error, I finally figured it out and found the perfect recipe for me
The recipe, believe it or not, is adapted from a children's cookbook, which says nothing of how good they are but definitely proves how easy they are to make.
Breakfast of champions.
Are you in need of an ice cube that will strike fear in the hearts of your enemies?
Even if it isn't summer yet, you still deserve a good burger.
Who knew a map could look so cute.
We wish we were invited.
AdAge reports that Taylor Swift has inked an endorsement deal with her favorite soda, Diet Coke, making her a brand ambassador
Mortadella, merguez and more.
It's burger season, guys.
While pizza, cupcakes and burgers seem to be invincible, other food trends rise and fall.
With so much beauty and filth, food and poverty, happiness and stress, India is an overwhelming (and wonderful) place to film
We experienced mango, passion fruit, coconut, egg custards, multiple mousses, many types of mochi--and daily samplings of flakey pastries and airy cakes.
Behind the mysterious snack featured in Silver Linings Playbook.
Next time your deviled eggs need a little shake up, Durkee Sauce is the way to go.
Every chef has a version of ultra-comforting macaroni and cheese, with nuances ranging from how many gooey cheeses can fit into a single batch to crunchy toppings like sourdough bread crumbs.
Break cooled granola into pieces -- store in an air tight container. Check out my blog for more recipes!
Including indigo AND violet.
While we set out on the dining adventure that's to be 2013, it's always fun to speculate where that adventure will lead. Here's what some of the major news outlets around the country are predicting.
Maybe... San Francisco? New York? New Orleans? All are great cities for dining, with some of the most acclaimed and beloved
This could explain his fascination with Campbell's Soup cans.
You just cannot put a carrot in a recipe situation where it won't fit in nicely.
It seems unconscionable that the NAACP and the Hispanic Federation are supporting Big Soda rather than their constituents' health -- particularly when their communities have been disproportionately impacted by obesity and related chronic disease like diabetes, heart disease, asthma and certain cancers.
And they'd have even more fun in your cocktail.
It's the best way to bake this British pastry.
Never worry about getting buffalo sauce on your hands again.
Never break your nails opening these nuts again.
These dessert recipes are delicious first, gluten free second.
The holidays aren't the only time when it's acceptable to stuff your meaty entrees with breads, sauces and veggies.
Let's just resolve to make some comfort food, shall we?
Seriously, this is what our dreams look like.
It's so pretty, we almost don't want to eat it -- almost.
Americans consumed less high-fructose corn syrup in 2011 than at any point since 1997, Bloomberg reported this week. The
Native to Central and South America, sweet potatoes are one of the oldest cultivated crops in the world -- going as far back as 8000 BC!
Mozzarella is one of God's greatest creations. I recently spent some time with Chef Giulio Adriani from Forcella and watched him make mozzarella from scratch. This is his best outline of how to do it.
The name Old Fashioned refers to the original concept for a cocktail, which was first defined in 1806 as a combination of water, sugar, liquor (not just whiskey) and bitters.
It's hard being a waiter. The pay can be low, the hours are long and certain customers can be especially irritating. On the
A crock pot full of queso!
Here's an easy recipe to whip up just in time for the Super Bowl. It's gluten-free, vegan and dairy-free. Dig in!
His chocolate macaron look amazing.
Like no taco you've ever seen, it features creamy, crispy breaded avocado at center stage, supported by a sesame cabbage slaw, cilantro-kissed crema, and simmered pinto beans.
If you have a party to go to in the future, or if you're, you know, just sitting around on your couch all day, you need to make these.
That's one expensive cookie.
All of them perfectly spicy.
Yes, yes he did.
Think of all the times it's sat sadly next to your Buffalo wings, lonely and jealous.
If Coca-Cola is serious about making a genuine contribution to solving the nation's obesity epidemic, here are seven steps that will put substance behind their latest campaign.
The Super Bowl is not the most gluten-free friendly of events. But since eating salad and Kind bars might get you even more flack than cheering for the wrong team, I've put together some gluten-free Super Bowl options that are simple to make at home.
It's not just for baking sweets.
We really like bacon, and we think that this t-shirt has a point. Linguistically speaking.
The onion-pear sauce for this pot-roasted pork has its origins in an imprecise recollection that has been rattling around in my memory since some time in the late 1990s or very early 2000s.
Now, this may sound crazy, but here's where I think adding chocolate chips makes sense, mostly because they temper the cloying sweetness and add some much-needed texture. Otherwise, you just have mouthful after mouthful of clumps of cream and shards of shell.
What kinds of thoughts come to mind when I say, ramen noodle soup? Late-night college snack? In-case-of-emergency shelf stable food? How about a staple in many school cafeterias? We created a healthy ramen noodle soup recipe kids will love.
Every culture has its favorite spicy soup, and we want to eat every single one of them.
Is this gorgeous video very close to being a \Portlandia\ sketch? Yes, completely.
Pasta, both warm and easy to prepare, makes for the perfect cold weather food.
When you have everything you need on hand, making soup from scratch is easy.
Would this recipe make for a pleasant fusion of flavors, or a weird, mushy concoction?
Sourdough starters have a reputation for being high-maintenance. There are many different feeding methods out there, and the multitude of options and schedules can overwhelm. However, once you've mastered your routine, a starter is a completely manageable addition to your kitchen.
An animated series about a family that owns a burger shop? We're in.
Step one
I try to remind myself how she did it. Was it a pinch of thyme or oregano? When did she add the olive oil to the lentils? Some of the dishes almost bear her culinary signature. But of course none of them taste exactly the same.
You don't have to get your fingers dirty with this trick.
And it's a good one.
It looks so good we'd walk through a blizzard for a slice.
Thanks to Joe Campanale for giving us a glimpse.
We've basically spent the last few weeks dreaming about new ways to use this dip.
Whether you like them beer-battered, cornmeal crusted or baked.
Sit down and enjoy your whiskey the way it was meant to be drunk. On ice.
It was a bit surreal to find myself standing with Ludo Lefebvre, a top chef, and have him ask me to separate dozens and dozens for a multi-course dinner for 80 people.
Here is my latest creation, a ham-and-cheese cocktail that I can't decide whether to call a Manhamtan, a Cheesy Mary or a Hamlet. I was inspired to create it after attending a very educational ham-and-cheese evening last Friday hosted by TV celebrity chef Joanne Weir.
How many cups in a gallon? How many tablespoons in a cup? Oh, lovely!
Think making your own stock is complicated? Think again.
Buttery and sweet on the outside, salty and crispy on the inside. They have to be good.
You think you know how much we love nachos, but you actually have no idea.
And we kind of like it.
These 23 foods are good past their expiration dates.
Allain Allegretti eats a beautiful plate of fruit.
It's the best Pes dispenser we've ever seen.
In case you think a regular knife just won't do.
From challenges like eating 50 garlic cloves or taking down a complete stick of deodorant, to Bear Grylls downing larvae to a young girl with a taste for praying mantis, all of your favorites are here.
They're funny little things. They're not quite round. They're packed with protein. They're really messy if you break them.
Get your borscht on, guys. It's fun, we promise.
Full of spices that will warm you up on a cold night, the stew uses accessible yet still exotic flavors like ginger, cumin, cinnamon, nutmeg and cayenne pepper.
You can never get enough spinach.
This has the potential to be delicious.
In all kinds of exciting new flavors.
We're taking a nose dive into the salad bowl with a half-dozen varieties of dark leafy greens.
But in her appearance on HuffPost Live, a clip of which is embedded above, David was as committed as ever to her viewpoint
Chef Josh Marks, also known as \The seven foot Chef,\ is taking America by storm with his passion for the culinary arts and his ability to make food taste better and be healthier for all of us who to love to eat.
Harkening back to the chocolate-filled days of childhood.
The beauty of these mini burgers is, of course, that you can eat a lot of them.
We all mess up sometimes in the kitchen, and when we fail, we fail hard.
Wine and pastries are a-okay.
For decades, the liquor has been maligned, but the real stuff, hailing mostly from the Mexican state of Oaxaca, can have wonderfully intense smoky notes and is an increasingly popular cocktail ingredient.
Vimeo's Video School shares the most important tips and tricks for your delicious video.
\Music and food have a similar affect on us. They are both nourishing-make us happy, give us energy, are soothing, help us focus, improve our memory, and have the power to heal.\
We're turning to warm salads this January
Are you ready for this?
Imagine the possibilities, Domo waffles, Domo burger buns, Domo English muffins.
Horchata cake truffles!
He's found two bottles worth being excited about.
With bread crumbs and parmesan to boot.
This one is epic.
This is some serious work.
Never again let your cake look like a 5-year-old worked on it.
Each and everyone of them are worth a try.
And he spies some interesting things.
For the last 6 years, Kate has illustrated every purchase -- from grilled cheese to thumbtacks.
Thinly shaved, with lemon, parsley and chives.
FSIS requires that products we inspect, including those derived from pork, must be accurately labeled and cannot purport
We recommend that you not venture into a big dinner party without it ever again.
You might resolve to make them once a week as a vegetarian respite from other omnivore endeavors.
It was clearly an onion soup, and it was clearly a mushroom soup
David Kennard leans lovingly over the glass before him, which is filled with the somber beauty of a vintage French pinot noir. We spent one full year with people who make wine like no one else in the world,\ he says, \and that's how we filmed A Year in Burgundy.\
Holding this up to your face each morning will serve as a warning to morning people.
No wedding cake, plum pudding or alcohol allowed!
They're good for so much more than just salad.
Doing the research, finding the bottles on your own, and taking chances can reward an array of experiences and beautiful wine.
As the weather gets cold, the shelves start to fill with this season's winter beer selections. But what exactly is winter beer?
Bivalves are shellfish consisting of two hinged shells and a soft body, such as oysters, mussels, clams, and scallops.
Breakfast may be the most important meal of the day, but we seldom treat it as such.
Sparkling wines and cheese are truly one of the most romantic meals one can indulge in. Creamy and sensual it's a special treat that is best for only the most decadent of occasions.
One of them is topped with pistachio pesto (YUM!).
He's making the biggest batch of risotto we've ever seen.
That's right. My new coffeemaker is a work of art.
And even easier to make than real bacon and eggs.
Don't throw a Super Bowl party without at least one of these sweet treats.
So Chef - when I put my dinner in your hands, don't crowd the stage with supporting actors. Please give me a well-executed entree; a star - recommended for my tastes by your kitchen.  And then if your star does its job - I'm sure to remember it.
Covered in hairy roots and clods of dirt, it's like the hobbit of the vegetable world. Give it some time, though, and it'll pay you back
This soba noodle recipe is packed with bright flavors from garlic, lime and cilantro and is topped with shrimp for extra
That is not a typo, do not adjust your screen -- we're talking 'punsch,' not 'punch.'
We are equal queso opportunists, and with these recipes, we think you will be too.
They're made in a muffin tin!
Omiyage is the tradition of gift-giving that permeates Japanese culture. Holiday celebrations. Business meetings. Travel abroad. The Japanese are a nation of gift-givers, and their stores are filled with exquisitely wrapped mementos of all shapes and sizes.
All of it. Chicken, french fries, even onion rings.
Whether you love veggies and love chips, or hate veggies and love chips, veggie chips are the perfect solution to snacking boredom.
And forever change the way you eat this salad.
This is the kind of food video that makes our jobs fun to do.
Maybe you're in the mood for hot chocolate, or for chocolate pudding. Maybe you're in the mood for molten chocolate cake. How about all three together? You can have your hot chocolate and eat it, too, with this decadent, super-easy baked hot chocolate recipe.
It's just what you need to wake up in the morning.
Growing up in New Mexico, I didn't encounter very many egg creams.
You'll need a spoon for this trick.
Let's stop relegating tea to a cup of boiling water.
Yes, you can make one at home.
Seven different melon ballers? That's probably too many. And when will you use that bread machine that's been collecting dust for years? Probably never.
Don't judge a wine bottle by its label.
You'll be healthy before you know it.
You're actually supposed to.
It's made with French green lentils, which hold their shape when cooked, and thicken the soup without turning it to sludge.
But don't! It's not edible anymore!
It's what's for breakfast.
Maple Bacon combines the sweet and meaty flavors of breakfast.
Now your grill, doorway, cooler, fridge or bike can all be bottle openers, bro.
These five smokin' drinks will warm you right up, and we promise there's no kindling required!
With these tips, washing dishes won't seem so bad.
There's something for everyone.
You could use chili as a blanket for warmth, but we suggest eating it instead.
'I have no idea what I'm going to do with this onion -- but I trust it will be something good.'
This is how you should be eating your chicken.
Like everything Tom Douglas touches, his most recent cookbook is fast turning to gold as bakers swoop it up to recreate a peanut butter cookie that Nora Ephron termed \the greatest cookie ever, ever, ever.\
Strawberries, whipped cream... maybe you really don't need anything else to fall in love, at least for a while.
I had never seen fresh baked frozen cookies marketed in the freezer aisle before and I was intrigued (maybe a little skeptical), but I'm so glad I tried 'em.
This winter, cabbage is shrugging off that sheepskin coat and stepping out of those muddy boots
I love ratatouille, a French vegetable stew typically made with garlic, yellow summer squash and/or zucchini, onions, peppers, eggplant and tomatoes.
A New York City-based student has baked over 13,000 cupcakes in the last year. She doesn't have an irrepressible sweet tooth or appetite -- these desserts are being used for art exhibits.
Like cheesecake and sandwiches.
The folks at \offline dating\ site have just released a visual compilation of the dating network's first 1 million dates recorded.
The deep, square divots waiting to be filled with toppings is high on the list.
With bacon!
MDRN KTCHN shared their secret to getting the creamiest mashed potatoes and it comes in the form of diastatic malt powder
There was little in the house beyond a handful of scallops I'd bought the day before with the intention of turning them into some not-too-far-in-the-future supper. And that was it.
2013 will cure you of it and roasting will become one of your go-to meals for company, or even a dinner for a busy day.
This is one beer guide we can get behind.
Sooner or later, any traveler of Asia will encounter in their food a level of spice and heat completely beyond anything they have ever eaten before.
You tell us
just when I begin to imagine scurvy symptoms, I spot a jar of gooey goodness made from end-of-season fruits preserved for the winter ahead.  Grab a jar, get a spoon and read on.  I'm going to unfold the mysteries of these gelatinous treasures.
An education in cooking must always take place by the stove, and a healthy relationship with food will always begin and end in the kitchen.
You never have to be hungry if you eat as many fruits and vegetables as you want. I sit down in front of the TV with literally a pound of steamed Brussels sprouts and eat them like popcorn.
Even if you're not planning on drinking anytime soon, adding asparagus to your diet couldn't hurt -- it also has anticancer and antifungal effects.
While we may not be able to change the weather forecast, we are here to tell you that you can create your own little tropical vacation in your kitchen. Bright flavors evoke memories of sandy beaches, steel drum bands, and skin tones that move past alabaster.
Have you ever found yourself at dessert time wondering if you should have some candy or a brownie? Well fear not, because now you can have both with these incredibly delicious Snickers brownies.
What makes each one distinctive? And do they all have the same nutritional value?
It's not made out of paper.
Every lush should have one.
Tilapia is mild, inexpensive and readily available, so I'm always looking for tasty new ways to prepare it. In this recipe, the fillets are dusted with a bold Cajun spice rub, then saut\u00e9ed in olive oil until crisp and flavorful on the exterior and tender and flaky within.
Deep-fried potatoes sprinkled with salt never grows old.
52 weeks, 52 new foods. How one family achieved the most frequently broken New Year's resolution
Don't say it. Or write it. Or even think it.
In this life, we get to eat far too few things that can be described as 'cloud-like.'
You should definitely be reading these.
In 2013, allow yourself your favorite comfort foods, but find healthier ways of eating them. Cooking these dishes for yourself is a start.
They just might be our favorite bean.
It's spaghetti, with bacon, eggs and cheese.
In terms of comfort food, grilled cheese is the comfiest.
Run, do not walk, to Duke's Mayonnaise.
What the 'Chopped' host cooks for himself, once he settles in at home.
And we've got pictures to prove it.
From salmon to roast chicken, salad dressings to caramel, we're a fan of using a dollop in just about every dish that passes through our kitchen.
It might take seven hours to make, but it's worth every minute.
Fudge has been a staple of Southern U.S. confections for over 100 years, but since it's usually sold by weight in heaping portions, it has the nasty habit of drying out... unless you seal it up in a single serving package. That's how the fudge bucket was born.
These hearty recipes are perfect for cold, lazy Sundays, when you have some time to putter around the kitchen. Enjoy!
Go forth into this brave, grown-up world of broccoli and enjoy.
What's a movie-watching experience without a handful (or twenty) of popcorn?
Alcohol used to describe make-up. How did it come to mean booze?
One should never underestimate the American fascination with the British class system. We love to learn the details about the contrasting problems facing each class, and how they deal with them.
Soup and gooey cheese are going to be the answer to all our winter ailments from here on out.
Because even if we want to eat right, we don't really want to give up cake.
We're going to start today with the easiest part of charcuterie
It's in honor of Daisy and Mrs. Patmore that we bring you a Downton Abbey-inspired menu for the third season's premiere on Sunday.
In the kitchen, you can certainly replace parsnips for carrots in many recipes for a milder, more subtle result. For roasting and mashing, however, parsnips are interchangeable with root vegetables from the Brassica family like turnips and rutabagas. But enough about substitution -- it's the parsnip's turn to shine.
We believe in the healing power of soup.
For a truly enlightened hangover meal, treat yourself to a perky, spicy hot broth with Asian pantry condiments.
'Tis the season for year-end round up lists and The Accidental Locavore is as good at lists as anyone else. So, here are the top six blog posts for 2012, based on very little scientific research.
We've found a secret stash of winter sunshine this year -- citrus season.
We care about you guys, so we need to have a quick minute of real talk.
Whether light and tangy, cheesy and melty or layered and breathtaking, you need a great party dip.
As a kid, you probably only knew \malt\ as the mysterious ingredient in Whoppers, the coveted movie theatre candy. Later, it might have become part of your drinking vernacular
Can the carrot overtake potato, will artichokes trump asparagus? Vote!
This cheesy roasted garlic dip is the perfect indulgence. It's a ridiculously delicious mix of cheese, garlic and wonderful creaminess. With some salty potato chips to dip in it, I can't think of any better way to welcome 2013.
It's just what you need in the new year.
And what could be better than a homemade butterfingers?
This is your survival guide when a fast food craving hits.
Here's a quick n' easy recipe that you can whip up in a few minutes with your leftover holiday candy canes!
There really isn't much to say about split pea soup that you probably don't already know. It's hearty. It's savory. It's comforting. But split pea stew? Take everything you know about its soup sister and triple it.
In America, this could mean black eyed peas, while in Greece this means downing a handful of grapes.
Whether you're looking to cut down on the cookies, add a few vegetables to your diet, or simply make more use of your kitchen, these recipes will help you welcome the new year.
The past few years have seen Japanese food becoming one of many people's favorite cuisines and it's certainly not because of Americanized, watered down dishes. Izakaya fare is quickly becoming the new definition of Japanese food, so what exactly is Izakaya?
On a dinner date you want the ambience to be romantic, with dim lighting from candles or a fireplace.
And we are fully prepared to defend our stance.
Make good use of your bubbly this year... If you don't finish it all on New Year's Eve, that is.
I don't sweeten coffee, tea or cereal, rarely drink soda, and avoid foods with \added sugar\ labels.
A glass of bubbly is requisite for toasting the New Year, and this year we'll be upping the ante a bit with one of these five fizzy cocktails in hand.
It's time to ring in the New Year with cocktails and confetti. Have no fear, if your holiday budget has hit the brakes, you can still celebrate in high style without breaking the bank.
Choose the occasions worth buying for. I've accumulated wines for the birthdays of our two children, for the anniversaries of the year I met my wife and the year of our wedding, and for the year we moved to our current home.
Inspired by conversations on the FOOD52 Hotline,  we're sharing tips and tricks that make navigating all of our kitchens more fun.
My goal is always to offer up recipes -- both sweet and savory -- that home cooks and bakers will be delighted with when they make them in their kitchens for years to come.
Check out what got our taste buds going this past year.
Ask the mixologist at your favorite craft-cocktail joint about his or her favorite tipple to drink and more often than not, you'll hear Negroni.
Disney parks have undergone culinary transformations, becoming destinations that can be equally beloved by families who need quick value-friendly meals and adults who want extended dinners.
I asked Shauna of \Gluten-Free Girl and the Chef\ to share some tips on how to manage the balancing act of cooking for family gatherings when some folks are following a gluten-free diet.
With a new year upon us, we're thinking about food. Surprise!
Brussels sprouts are the only vegetable I ever really liked. People have always mocked me for this, but apparently now it's cool. The Brusselian Era is upon us at long last, and I, for one, welcome our cruciferous overlords.
Don't ask what your ingredients can do for you, ask what you can do with your ingredients.
I've never quite understood the hype of New Year's Eve. Why is there such pressure for the last night of the year to be epic on every level? This year -- if you're anything like me -- why not host your own impromptu party?
Many of the best Chinese restaurants in the country still abide by the same philosophy of menu writing as those strip mall takeout joints. They write menus that are too damn long.
Wild rice is a seasonal delicacy in Minnesota. Yet it is such a simple, humble food; a grain that primitive societies subsisted on for millennia.
When we think of Pepsi, we envision a red, white and blue circle, waving like a flag. But a version of the iconic logo that
Interested in growing your own mushrooms? Take a pass on a walk in the woods.
January's the month to grab a warm spiked drink and get your happy hour on. And of course, the best part of happy hour is the nibbles.
I would love it if I came home from work and found a hot, fragrant, hearty soup waiting for me.
Rid yourself of all of your double-dipping concerns and enjoy that melty chocolate or cheese in your very own fondue mug.
Two traditional things for New Year's Eve
It's chilly, the relatives may be dropping in and out uninvited, and you have a few extra days off from this holiday season. These circumstances call for a little treat to yourself in the form of a winter cocktail.
We say bid farewell to 2012 in grand style by mixing up an elegant Martini.
The Accidental Locavore wants to relieve some of the stress of the holidays and put a smile on everyone's face. How? Try Holiday Bingo!
Old-fashioned gingerbread is the perfect treat to keep on hand during the holidays.
Whether you'll be singing along to Les Mis or cheering on Frodo and the dwarves, you'll want something to nibble on during the holiday blockbusters.
In these tough economic times, one of the most talked-about burger subjects revolves around the most expensive burger offerings from around the world.
If you are still in need of some homemade gift ideas, may I suggest these adorable hot chocolates on a stick. They make the perfect winter treat for neighbors, co-workers, and family.
A new generation of energetic California winemakers has helped bring new attention and respect to some of the old-guard producers whose reputations had been languishing.
There's nothing like 'em. To me, they have the perfect texture, perfect flavor and crunch.
The classic Manhattan has to be one of the most satisfying of all cocktails. It's like a liquid layer cake -- each ingredient is immensely flavorful and satisfying.
This recipe couldn't be easier.
It's the season for baking holiday cookies for the endless family gatherings, and there's no harm in sneaking some for yourself (in the name of quality assurance, of course).
How about spending an afternoon baking in your kitchen instead of shopping at the mall? These delicious homemade treats make thoughtful gifts for your friends, neighbors, teachers and co-workers. Check out the recipes and bake up some holiday cheer!
Not to start this off on too negative a note, however, this was probably the most unattractive coq au vin the Accidental Locavore has ever made!
What a wonderful time of year! The holidays are here - a time for spending time with family and friends.
I am currently traveling in Greece, preparing to film season 3 of The Cooking Odyssey, and life seems to be less about sweet & skinny and more about the old Greek proverb \all is well when the honey is sweet.\
Traveling this holiday season? Need a drink to get you through the stress? Not to worry! Many hotels across the country have busted out their 'tis-the-season spirits just to make you merry. Here are just a few you'll find on your travels.
I love hot toddies, but sometimes you need something you can also drink at work.
With limited amount of time on hand, I used the seasonal cranberries for both flavors and color.
You know how certain meals pair well with particular adult beverages? Filet mignon with a nice Bordeaux, for example. Chicken tetrazzini with a Chianti, perhaps. Burgers and brew. Whatever you ate out of cans in college and wine coolers. Anyway. Guess what? Certain TV shows pair well with particular adult beverages, too.
For the nerdy foodie in your life, you can't go wrong with these 11 food geek gifts.
The Holidays are a perfect time to start thinking about new traditions; things that you want to do differently. So often we're caught up in sticking with our traditions from years past that we don't allow ourselves to try anything new, whether it's what we eat, who we see, or how we decorate.
Whether you want to spend the night enjoying an authentic Spanish flamenco performance, or want to grab a beer and watch sports, Madrid has a bar for you.
Every family has their own unique holiday traditions, but no matter exactly how you celebrate, there is a good chance something sweet is involved.
We always want what we can't have -- and for some of us, that thing is Shiner Bock.
We've compiled a list of the dos and don'ts of entertaining those unexpected guests (the ones that drop in, seemingly, out of nowhere) to ensure everyone feels welcome -- and is well-fed.
53 recipes so good you'll never forget your last night in 2014, no matter how much Champagne you drink.
How could this unimaginable act of violence against first graders possibly connect to a web site about recipes, cooking, and food news?
This episode is all about pomegranates -- a Pom Royale cocktail, a Pomegranate Cast Iron Porkchop and a Blueberry & Pomegranate Shortbread Crumble.
Here are five drinks to accompany your most beloved holiday traditions.
Roll your way to chocolatey paradise.
Cream plus butter plus cheese plus vegetables.
We're fairly certain that Champagne jelly on the brunch table will start your year off just right.
Going to bed has never been so fun.
Bells are ringing and holiday cheer is in the air. Time to have your friends over and celebrate together over some traditional tasty cocktails.
Preparing a bowl (or two) full of punch is one of the easiest ways to ensure both you and your guests can enjoy the festivities without any fuss.
These are the weeks of family, feasting, fun and more feasting. Unfortunately, increased food waste often goes hand-in-hand with our holiday gatherings. With that in mind -- and without getting too Grinchy -- here are 10 simple waste-saving tips for holiday gatherings.
Inspired by conversations on the Food52 Hotline, we're sharing tips and tricks that make navigating all of our kitchens easier and more fun. Today
Gift giving requires a certain art and balance. Presents should be thoughtful, personal, but never showy ... it's no wonder
Chestnuts roasting on an open fire... We get it. But there are so many more ways to eat these nuts.
The holiday season is prime drinking time for several reasons. But it's hard to drink a lot of sweet wines. They come after a huge meal and many other wines. Most of the time, we are already full.
Gerald Lieberman wrote, \Vegetarian
This season is a time for reflection and I like to reflect on my favorite foods and see the images dancing in my head like sugar plum fairies. So, here are a few of my favorite things... to eat!
Here's a clue
Here's an eggnog version that was spiked with some Indian flavors. My eggnog recipe is based off of Puerto Rican Coquito, which is a kind of a rum eggnog that uses coconut milk & condensed milk, instead of heavy cream and is not as thick.
On a cold day, there's nothing better.
\What's for dinner?\ my dad asks, as he walks in the door. I point to my prized find on the kitchen counter
Gentlemen, don't feel like you have to be relegated to the living room over the holidays. These days, the kitchen belongs as much to you and you belong as much in the kitchen as do the ladies in the family.
The name is deceiving, and seems to describe a fishy dipping sauce rather than a chalky, white powder.
There's something about the sheer size of a standing rib roast that makes us hungry.
We got to thinking about what our last meals would be if the world really was to end this month.
Goose, kale and mulled wine! Still not sold? Dessert usually involves Marzipan and other, plentiful cookies.
Are you sick of eating Doritos the traditional way? After amassing a pretty decent sized stockpile of snack sized bags of Doritos I was, so I figured I'd try something new, and that something involved a beer and bacon batter and my deep fryer!
'Twas the night before Scotchmas and all through the house, not a bottle was open -- not even the Famous Grouse.
Fortunately, you don't have to be in Sweden to savor these specialties.
I have teamed up with the awesome BarChick ladies to bring you a definitive A-Z guide of eating and drinking in London -- Mighty Spice vs. BarChick. I do the food, and they do the booze. Enjoy.
This idea is brilliant, convenient and dead simple.
It's what your mug's been missing all along.
As you might imagine, we've seen a lot of really great food stuff this year.
With bits of crystalized ginger.
There is nothing like watching the delight in a person's face as he or she realizes that a gooey cookie or moist slice of cake is actually vegan.
Find yourself some gingerbread men-shaped cookie cutters and get to work!
If you need to whip up a fancy cocktail with crushed ice -- for yourself, or for your guests -- sometimes a little bit of brawn is required.
Get ready, Tolkien fans. We've got recipes for elevensies, second breakfast and more.
Because a feast is what you deserve for the holidays.
It's time to start planning Christmas dinner, guys.
I'm absolutely intrigued by walnuts, cranberries--and my latest obsession--brown butter.
From duchess potatoes to rustic vegetable tarts.
The easiest eggs you'll ever make.
We found 15 ways to make your life in the kitchen easier.
What's the point in taking a classic French confection and fusing it with a famous American junk food? I see an interesting trend in our ever-changing food culture
Forty years ago, Kermit Lynch abandoned the handmade purse industry and opened a wine shop in Berkeley, Calif., and in doing so, became one of the great innovators of the field.
Caramel is sugar that's allowed to change, run a little wild, maybe dye its hair. Here, you're parenting your sugar, and it's an important job.
In spite of the song being incredibly catchy and annoyingly repetitive, we're willing to bet that many of those who utter the word \wassail\ have no idea what it means.
Do you love hot sauce? Sriracha? Chile peppers? Then we have some cocktails for you.
Clearly Shefi is just one example of young people who find their connection to their heritage through food, and no surprise that the Center for Jewish History is jumping on the bandwagon.
It'll be as good as one made from scratch.
Seriously, anything. Like, maybe not even a stove?
After a bowl or two of these, we're sure that the winter chill won't stand a chance.
We're thrilled about this Christmas feast made entirely out of cake.
That is, if sustainable eating is important to you.
And we have an idea on how to make it better.
We want our jaws to drop when the main dish arrives at the table.
Faced with concourses filled with ubiquitous shrink-wrapped sandwiches, greasy fast-food burgers and processed pastries, the thought of eating at an airport is rarely appetizing. But that may soon change, as airports around the world are revamping aging terminals and the world's best chefs, several of them Michelin-starred, are recognizing the value of serving exemplary meals before liftoff.
We bet there's a lot you don't know.
I love cooking, and I especially love planning big holiday dinners. But as the years go on, I'm less excited about spending whole days in the kitchen. It's time to simplify, right?
Still shopping for that perfect holiday gift for the imbibers on your list? We've got you covered!
It's the only frosting recipe you need.
That's right, shot glasses made out of actual candy cane.
They make the sweetest gifts.
With all of the classics, and some new twists too.
These are kitchen innovations we can get behind.
Aside from the fact that they're beautiful.
These six fennel dishes show fennel's great range of possibilities -- this veggie is equally delightful in a light, refreshing salad as it is in a cheesy baked gratin.
Here, Food & Wine names some of the most extraordinary, over-the-top gingerbread houses ever created.
A good punch recipes means a great holiday party.
Broken Shed Vodka is distilled from whey, the milky, glorious by-product of cheese-making.
Whether you're a novice cook or as seasoned as a pot of pasta water, you've most likely cooked yourself a bowl of some kind of noodle. It was probably easy; it was probably good. But we've got tips on how to make it better.
Looking for a quick 'n easy dessert to serve this holiday? Here's a simple gluten-free and vegan apple crisp that can be made in under 30 minutes and it's made with a fun (and healthy) gluten-free granola.
'I love to cook with wine, sometimes I even put it in the food.'
What it's made from and more important facts.
We have threatened to take a nap in a particularly inviting cheeseburger before.
Champagne always works. This sparkling wine is great for people you know well and people you've never met before. It's a universal gesture of celebration.
No matter how apt, wine remarks can become clich\u00e9d. The challenge -- for writers aiming for a wide range of readers -- seems to lie in crafting crisp descriptions not laden with insider jargon. Wine writing need not be esoteric.
Located in Ciqikou, Chongqing, China, this street vendor takes spun sugar to the level of art. Read more on buzzfeed.com
The Real Simple food department cut, sprinkled, and piped its way through 125 decorating products. These 12 were the sweetest
Once Thanksgiving is celebrated and November is over, December might as well be one month-long buffet. Between company holiday parties, family gatherings and the drink-a-thon that is New Years Eve, it's traditionally a terrible month to think about dieting.
And 5 alternatives to never have to say it again.
There I was, in the 8th arrondissement with a spoonful of dijon in one hand and a forkful of bright pink tartare in the other. A quiet babble of French conversation streamed around me.
No need to turn on the oven -- just click \send\ and these handmade treats will be on their way.
Hanukkah is a great excuse to let the oil flow and fry, fry away. Latkes and jelly donuts are the usual slick and crispy suspects, but they're not the only foods you can throw in the pan, which is why we've gathered eight great oil-fried recipes that are perfect for the upcoming holiday.f
They're amazingly good too.
It's something you should know.
With a couple of smart tweaks, Miami chef Michael Pirolo transforms this classic Italian dish--traditionally a whole pig--into a striking main course for a crowd.
Creamy Artichoke & Crab Dip How to Make Homemade Salsa Verde With Roasted Tomatillos Heat oven to 350 F. Mix all the ingredients
Today seems like a good day for a pot of melted cheese.
The Soma Water Filter might give Brita a run for their money.
Is there any drink that better encapsulates the celebration, joy, brightness and sparkle of the holidays than Champagne?  The pop of the cork, the clinking of glasses, the initial fizz of the mousse, the continuing column of tiny bubbles rising in the glass...
Usually when we speak of Hanukkah Gelt, we are referring to those gold wrapped chocolate coins that everyone loves this time of year. These cookies are shaped like those chocolates, except the gold is on the inside in the form of extra virgin olive oil.
No Thanksgiving stuffing is complete without those half-moons of stalk. The leaves look festive poking out a pitcher of Bloody Marys, or you can make homemade celery salt.
It's that time of year again.
Think honeycomb candy, peanut butter cup marshmallows and chocolate covered nougat.
They're just the thing for the holiday season.
When I saw the mass of comments raving about the dish from Momofuko online, , I figured I had to try it. With a last-minute plea to bring Brussels sprouts to my friend's Thanksgiving leftover party, it was a shoo-in.
We've all been there. You start to cook. Then you freak out.
Here are eight of our favorite recipes that use buttermilk -- eight recipes to try, and eight ways to make the game of using-up-what's-left-in-the-fridge fun and delicious.
I was raised in a Jewish household, but because the Western world is very jingly-sprinkly-chocolatey-marshmallowy at this time of year, I harbored a humongous Jesus Envy.
The basic idea involved a strong pepper grinder filled with your favorite flavor of chips. The result? A food hack that seems to have originated straight out the mind of a 9-year-old.
I have teamed up with the awesome BarChick ladies to bring you a definitive A-Z guide of eating and drinking in London -- Mighty Spice vs. BarChick. I do the food, and they do the booze.
Wine is traditional, but the Festival of Lights deserves something more, well, festive.
Think gingersnap Oreos, Girl Scout Samoas and pomegranate.
Infused with delicious coconut milk and a blend of aromatic spices, this curry is simple yet comforting. It's exactly how I remember my grandmother's chicken curry tasted.
A warm bowl of this is a perfect fix for the current cooler weather.
Gena Hamshaw eats a mostly raw, vegan diet without losing time, money, or her sanity.
Gingerbread, sugar or shortbread, which Christmas cookie's best?
All you need is a potato.
I've been fortunate enough to never have to worry about being provided enough food, but what about the people who are struggling to feed their families on a miniscule budget?
Cheese is always a party favorite, so it's safe to say that a good cheese board can go a long way.
\High-def cooking\ is the perfect approach to something as seemingly simple as a meatball, which requires exact execution. Vic Casanova, chef at Gusto in Los Angeles, has a few tips for making his classic Italian meatballs.
It makes for stress-free holiday baking.
My affection for anything pumpkin continues with this quick pasta dish I created.  It is hearty, flavorful, textural and ever so satisfying.
The best Chinese restaurants may not be where you think they are.
Rich in tradition, memories and taste, the beloved potato latke is certainly cherished. This year, as Hanukkah nears, I challenge you to dig a bit deeper and explore the vibrant underworld of the potato's fellow subterranean dweller
We're celebrating our right to raise a glass with five Prohibition era-inspired sippers.
Think outside the bottle with these affordable, taste and environmentally friendly wines.
Contrary to popular belief, they're not that hard to make at home.
It's perfect for sharing -- but that doesn't mean you'll want to.
Will your friends and family revolt, or fall in love with something new?
After I wrote about my collaboration with Michelin-starred chef Daniel Corey, I got lots of requests for the recipes we created. By popular demand, here they are.
Those who carefully plan every meal and shop as if it were a chess game hardly need my advice.  These tips are for the rest of us.
I often work on the multiple possibilities of a flavor, texture or combinations of the two. After last week's post on Maple-Walnut Cranberry Tart, I want to explore more of this same flavor profile.
We love donuts in every which way.
As a host during the holiday season, you must provide alternatives for people who don't drink alcohol. There are countless reasons why people abstain, and having a non-alcoholic choice will allow the guest to feel included in your event.
We basically live to think about these things for you guys.
It's pretty good for baking too.
This is the year to liven up your latkes.
Let the holiday baking begin.
To serve this piping-hot spiked cider for the winter holidays, get started now.
No matter what you put on your table, there's a wine for that!
There are many harbingers of winter. Persimmon is one of the more reliable ones. Persimmon, because its bright color, creamy texture and sweet flavor, works well with other, more tart winter fruits.
The colder months tend to make vegetarian cooking more of a challenge.
\For a vegetarian, in particular, it's the best kind of protein you can eat.\
You can now, basically, cook anything you want.
Here are all the reasons you should be baking it.
As a wine auctioneer, I've been privileged to travel across the country selling some of the worlds' bests wine for huge amounts of money. But here are my quick tips about enjoying wine at affordable prices!
Blue Bottle is the coffee company that my husband, James Freeman, founded in 2002. We met shortly after he started the business
French toast, cookies, cheesecake and more.
The exact contours of the meal vary from region to region and household to household. I set out to design a seven-course menu that hopefully would gratify the palate and fortify the system.
Feel like having a drink tonight but can't decide between a beer and a cocktail?
If you look around at the food people in your life, we all have something in common.
According to this one infographic (and not by any doctor we know).
Timeline, tips and recipes to get a head start on holiday entertaining.
We want to know, would you buy a snap-on can strainer?
Looking for a sweet treat for your holiday party? How about a simple sugar cookie recipe? The sweet combination of cinnamon, vanilla extract and eggnog will knock the \stockings\ off your guests and they'll be begging for more.
In which we find ourselves firmly in the land of olive oil and spicy peppers.
Inspired by the chili-roasted peanuts I like to buy in India, I decided to mix the pumpkin seeds up with ghee and a few different spices -- garam masala, turmeric and chili powder -- and then bake them.
We recommend watching this, especially if your day needs a little sunshine.
By the look of these photos, we are absolutely exasperating our pets.
Oh, and cream cheese is involved too.
Oh you individually wrapped your tacos in twine? They look delicious!
Peanut butter that is.
Could these be our new favorite stocking stuffer?
And we're not just talking Greek salads either.
Who needs chicken when you've got pasta, tomato sauce and melted cheese.
Bond's most memorable characteristic is his penchant for martinis 'shaken, not stirred.'
Are you ready for Sriracha oatmeal? We're pretty sure we are.
Participate in our holiday entertaining Pinterest contest for a chance to win a pressure cooker (a $185 value).
We did the research, so you don't have to.
The proof is in these recipes.
Galangal is an integral ingredient in many Thai dishes, especially in curry paste. Most recipes state you can substitute ginger for galangal. But that is a mistake. There really is no substitute for galangal.
With coffee cake and mulled wine, being snowed in won't seem like such a drag after all.
Enjoy, and don't forget the wet naps.
It looks so good, we don't even want to open it.
We found someone who's never eaten cheddar before. Let's throw recipes at them!
The historically picked-on Brussels sprout holds a special place in my heart. These tiny (and now established, shredded chic) cabbages are nuanced with flavor subtleties, perfected in this Crispy Brussels Sprout Hash with Cider Glaze.
Nothing says, 'happy holidays, favorite host or hostess,' like insulting their arm strength.
The holidays are upon us, which means our grand attempts at eating healthy become even grander in light of all the tasty treats we encounter around every corner. But a little holiday splurge is nice and well worth it.
Twinkly lights are optional.
We can't wait for this concept to hit the shelves.
We'd heard how tough it is to hand-make mochi, but we didn't know it would look so crazy!
These ginger-filled recipes will add warmth and a bit of zing to your busy holiday season.
I ate my way through Porklandia so that you don't have to.
Broccoli and cauliflower are vegetables that are easy to malign when cooked poorly.
You need a break from the potatoes, stuffing -- and even the turkey too.
Every year I think of posole as I face down the Thanksgiving leftovers.
Photos, tips and musings to inspire you in the kitchen.
Many restaurants these days are reverting back to local farms to gather the freshest ingredients.
No seriously, it's really easy and really hilarious.
We love a classic cocoa, but it's hard not to tinker with things, even when they're perfect.
And help them become better cooks.
Bacon of the month club, and more great ideas.
10 gifts that would make any kitchen better.
There are better gifts to get than a bottle of wine.
By Friday you'll get hungry again -- and you'll have a fridge full of leftovers.
Looking at pantry essentials in a new way is what Season 2 Top Chef Ilan Hall excels at, and his idea of pulling everything he can out of a single ingredient is easily transferred to a home kitchen.
Does anyone know how long to cook a turkey??
When cooking a meal like Thanksgiving, you've got to have your lay-ups.
Does anyone know how long to cook a turkey per pound??
This latest crop of rookies is a weird one.
You've been busy. Thanksgiving is two days away. Don't panic.
We're counting down five of our favorite ways to sauce up the traditional holiday spread!
Whether cooking for a few or 100, here are 5 tips to make Thanksgiving easier.
You know you want it. Now find out how to make it better.
Pumpkin pie is always expected at Thanksgiving -- shake things up a bit.
Everything's going to be alright. Here's why.
The Foodcommander's no-nonsense, take-no-prisoners Thanksgiving tips.
Thanksgiving is a time for family traditions. Some people love sausage and bread in their stuffing, while others make theirs hot or sweet.
A look at the top nine pie types Americans are enjoying this Thanksgiving.
This is a healthier version of the classic mapo tofu, using lean ground chicken instead of ground pork and making tofu, the star of the dish.
Do I really need to give my 18-pound turkey an overnight beauty bath?
The holiday season has arrived, and with Turkey Day just around the corner, we're getting into the spirit with a handful of easy-to-make cocktails
Grow a Tree of Thanks
With barley, apples and thyme.
Eating healthy has never beent this easy.
If you're looking for a couple of delicious, no-fuss side dishes, here you go!
A vegan pumpkin pie that's just as indulgent and satisfying as the 'real' thing.
Maple Cranberry Tarts are easy to make, and the ingredients can be found in any supermarket, even if you have to drive to one on Thanksgiving eve.
Another year, another honey-hued turkey gracing the dining room table surrounded by family and sounds of football. Thanksgiving is here again.
I have nothing but the utmost respect for one Martha Stewart, who seems to keep her pies (and occasionally her personality) as frigid as possible. Though I should warn Ms. Stewart to watch her back. My mom may be coming for her job.
Seriously, you're going to be playing with this all day.
I have teamed up with the awesome BarChick ladies to bring you a definitive A-Z guide of eating and drinking in the capital - Mighty Spice vs. BarChick. I do the food, and they do the booze. Enjoy.

Here's a very easy way to make a hearty red lentil dish. It takes about 15 minutes, and you don't need any fancy equipment. And it's only the beginning -- just like with rice or quinoa, once you have the technique down, there are many possibilities.
Butter! Once we were able to return to the apartment after Hurricane Sandy, I wanted the smell of brown butter to once again fill the kitchen. The bars of gold and silver wrapped Kerrygold butter sat on the cool floor tiles awaiting our retrieval, like treasures resting in Gringotts Wizarding Bank.
There's no need to look any further.
If you stick to a budget, you can still have your pie and eat it too.
You've got the bird, now you need some delicious ideas to go with it. How about creamy Butternut Squash Soup, Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Bacon, Pecans and Maple Syrup, or a Gingered Carrot Souffle?
\Gravy has a lot of magical powers.\
We'd like to let our friends and family know that they will be eating this in the near future.
The bottom line is that the wine you like is the best wine for your Thanksgiving but, in case you are searching through all the options, I thought this would be a good time break down some of the classic pairings for Thanksgiving.
And croissants play a major role.
Surprise others (not yourself) this year by trying out some of these tried-and-true favorites.
The Thanksgiving drinks selection matters almost as much grandma's pumpkin pie.
'Foulard' is French for scarf -- well, please meet the 'Fou Lard.' Get it?
You read that correctly
If life hands you a cracked or undercooked pie, you don't have to scrap dessert.
Or does the thought of sous-vide and whipping siphons make your head spin?
It might be the best pudding we've ever had.
During Holiday Season there are usually loads of leftovers to contend with.
Looking for a veggie-friendly Thanksgiving show-stopper?
This healthful pumpkin pie recipe maintains the signature traits of Thanksgiving's beloved dessert -- subtly spiced pumpkin and velvety smooth filling -- while nipping saturated fat in the bud.
Colorful and easy to make, this dish has heat, smokiness and is hearty without being too heavy.
Just because the holiday season is drawing to a close doesn't mean winter's over.
Just please, whatever you do, hold the Tofurkey.
Turkey and apples are two staples of the Thanksgiving table that have been reinvented and repurposed in so many ways that they're hardly recognizable. Still, in the sharing spirit of Thanksgiving, let me add some new ones to your list.
And it makes a mean barbecue sauce.
Master mashed potato makers highlight frequent mistakes.
Young children are already establishing food preferences and it's an important time to have good healthy snacks and meals. Good eating habits don't just happen -- they are taught.
You've never had cauliflower like this before.
I usually serve these flavorsome Chinese Scallion Pancakes or Green Onion Pancakes to my family as a snack. They love them so much I usually double the recipe and freeze some to reheat as a speedy breakfast.
From cornbread stuffing to pumpkin pie, and all the other dishes in between.

Why do we have this urge to eat food that nobody else is eating?
Hating to cook is not politically correct.
This cheese-filled pumpkin is one of our favorite cold-weather recipes.
How to make Thanksgiving dishes a bit less likely to stretch your waistline.
But be warned, the stakes are high.
My 10 favorite ways to make sure you're not wasting a thing this holiday season.
While foodies are always looking for new restaurants and art lovers flock to the latest exhibits, bar flies explore the U.S. from coast to coast in search of the best bars in the country. Here are three of the coolest bars that we've found so far.
London has been on fire this year with the Olympics and the Queen's Jubilee. The city is still buzzing and the food and drink scene has never been better.
Some ideas to get your own salt tasting party underway.
Inspired by the classic cheese plate, this grilled cheese is sweet and savory.
A sneak peek of The Way We Ate's vintage-inspired holiday menu for Sweet Paul magazine.
Get dinner on the table in no time.
Cook often, make what you like, drink wine -- we agree with these tips!
Make a stand for your favorite recipe
Added bonus
Meet Jolene Collins, the founder and artisan behind Jojo's Sriracha in Brooklyn, NY.
From traditional roasted turkeys, to a sous vide bath, to a deep fryer, we've got it all.
Or a coke?
Steak this good is hard to find.
And your kitchen appliances too!
This soup is hot and laced with tons of ginger to keep anyone warm and happy. Enjoy it on a cold winter day!
Like many, I believe in the magical powers of ice cream. I also believe that homemade ice cream will always trump the store bought kind, but I know not everyone has an ice cream machine at the ready. Enter this Two Ingredient Caramel Ice Cream.
Until very recently, we hadn't considered the cuteness of our hot chocolate.
An excellent source of dietary fiber and vitamin C, spaghetti squash also contains vitamin B6, potassium, and magnesium. Plus, it's low-cal! This recipe uses hazelnuts and breadcrumbs to offer a crunchy contrast to the silky spaghetti ribbons.
And don't worry about having to pop the cork.
No one said you have to eat turkey during the holidays.
It seems like everyone from food writers to plain old food lovers are getting into the food tattoo game.
To the uninitiated, spiciness is binary
Even if nothing ails you, try fixing one of these five tipples containing a range of bitters.
They make Fridays even better.
It's time to step up your holiday feast.
And he's kind of cute.
Sugary cereals are no longer just for breakfast.
Like most food lore, there are conflicting accounts of the drink's origin.
Improving your skills in the kitchen is all about progression.
You don't often hear it, but wine can be part of a healthy diet.
Have you been doing it all wrong?
You've probably noticed that hard cider is enjoying a bit of a renaissance this year.
Say hello to my new favorite dessert and now my entire family's new favorite dessert. The reaction to these deep-dish cookie pies from my family was priceless.
You know you want one.
The first cold snap of the season always means one thing
Hint
For step by step instructions, check out Wit & Whistle's DIY cheese plate tutorial. Want to read more from HuffPost Taste
Dinner is served.
Just like a recorder.
This year, pies are going to the next level.
What more could you want?
With these recipes and a little forward planning, your gravy will be legendary.
There's nothing like taking your kids walking through lush orchards and gathering apples to use for all different sorts of snacks and treats, from fresh-baked pie to caramel apples. Here, six tips and tricks on picking the most primo apples.
Even at the best farmers' markets you'll only find a handful of different types of \table grapes.\
And you should be eating with them.
We're starting to think that there isn't a single food out there that isn't better in cone form.
Make no mistake, summer is not the only season for pickling.
Vote for your favorite classic dish!
Taken from Jean-Georges Vongerichten and Mark Bittman's cookbook Simple to Spectacular this Asian mayonnaise is creamy and savory, and pairs well with fish, vegetables or pickled eggs.
They make eating Nutella a whole lot easier.
They travel a lot further than you might expect.
At LSU, tailgating is as important as the Fighting Tigers themselves.
Pasta + winter squash = perfection.
It's got cheddar, bacon AND ranch.
Do not adjust your computer monitors -- it's not just you -- these melting glasses are real.
Using only your bare hands!!
Don't just eat them, bake with them.
With Election Day tomorrow, many bars and restaurants have gotten into the patriotic spirit by creating cocktails just for the occasion. Here's a few that have of popped up around the country.
If you want home cooked food, here are some easy-to-make favorites that we like to serve when we're watching the Super Bowl, NBA Playoffs and waiting to celebrate the beginning of another year. Good luck to you and all the candidates you believe in and the propositions you are voting for.
Chicken breasts are stupid -- let's talk thighs.
By using the same principals applied to meat, Charlito began making a meatless fig salami.
In honor of Tuesday's big day, we've rounded up a handful of election-inspired drinks.
Even if you've done it before -- chances are you could always use an extra tip or two.
I went on a search for items to help me (and you) keep the holiday drama-free (well, at least in the kitchen), and turn out a meal that will make my guests ask, \Did you have help with this?\
With the same flaky pie crust topping.
Now that I've gotten the hang of making meatballs, I'm out proselytizing for the cause.  You can make them too -- and join the ranks of the folks who make meatballs themselves.
Set an extra place setting for diner.
Try one of these unapologetically gingery drinks and you'll appreciate its subtle beauty.
Cheers to democracy -- let's party!
I love being wrong, even with something as trivial as eating a strawberry.
You won't be able to stop looking.
Or are you getting your chopsticks ready?
Sam Sifton and Bon Appetit demonstrate the safe and delicious way to deep fry a turkey.
Making this recipe is a broader sensory experience than most others. Plums with brandy and cinnamon glisten as you saut\u00e9 them on the stove top. Not long after your start baking the cake, the vibrant notes of saffron permeate the kitchen.
What comfort foods would soothe you most in a time of distress?
From recipes like Lemon Crepes, to her mom's recipe for Italian Fried Cauliflower, Lofaso uses simple, family recipes in both her restaurant and cookbook.
The potatoes in this recipe are first seared till they are almost cooked tender. Then towards the end of the cooking, the potatoes are seasoned with garlic and mango to prevent them from burning while still flavoring the potatoes.
We've picked nine inventive recipes using all sorts of root vegetables from sweet potatoes to celeriac to parsnips.
Today's best sports bars reimagine what the collective sports experience really is.
Give your taste buds some much needed relief with totally minimal effort.
And they're better for you too.
The best in chocolate desserts.
If you had to eat the diet of the winning candidate for the next four years, whose would it be?
With lots of sugar skulls, tamales and booze.
If someone nearby has onion-breath, it's probably us.
And 28 great recipes to use it in.
And it's a very good thing.
Come with me on a magical journey of meat.
\I still don't know how to cook and that's just unacceptable,\ he says.
Originally a Portuguese Lenten confection, these round fritters first came to the Pacific in the late 1800s with Azorean sugar plantation workers.
We're mixing things up.
It'll make you feel infinitely better.
Don't you wish these gorgeous designs were in your latte?
Japanese blog NariNari reports that Pepsi's Japanese distributor, whiskey maker Suntory, just announced plans to release
Plus, some surprising stats about this dish.
Vernors is a very sweet, pale golden ginger ale, but what makes it special to us are the bubbles.
We've got your Halloween party menu covered with these five spooky recipes.
Benevolent chefs
As odoriferous as Indian food and fish are, there are other offenders.  The top stinky foods for me has to be grilled or seared salmon, Thanksgiving turkey, fried foods and stinky cheese! What pungent foods do you avoid?
The kids are home from school, and you want to keep them entertained -- and fed.
We have all seen the craze of gluten-free. Whether your doctor recommends you adhere to a gluten-free diet or you are simply choosing to, there are tons of great GF flours out there to play with.
Stay safe -- and eat well too.
Fondant is a popular way to decorate cakes for many occasions. It's almost like working with play dough, only it's sweet!
Tamimi
We're here to let you in on every cook's favorite secret
Easy steps you can take for Hurricane preparedness.
Mondays are hard. Pancakes make them better.
Get ready to see more tater tots than you could ever have hoped for.
Skip the cocoa powder, and get chocolate on a stick.
See here for the directions to this recipe for Gluten-Free and Vegan Lemon Swiss Chard Penne. Enjoy!
She had one major request she had of our time together
We couldn't be happier about Sweden's first Scotch-style whisky, Mackmyra.
These Halloween themed magazine and newspaper advertisements, span those quaint decades before the internet and cable television ruined children.
It's like a cloak of invisibility for your beer.
As predicted, we're mostly thinking about food during Hurricane Sandy.
Frankenstorm is coming. We are officially in hoarding mode, and we are not ashamed. Forget the Spam, the Saltines, the crackers and the peanut butter; here are 10 recipes to make-ahead, to whip up from your pantry.
Peanut butter cups, caramels and, of course, chocolate -- will surely leave your guests believing they've been treated rather than tricked.
Kerry Hotels -- the newest lifestyle brand from the Shangri La group -- have recently opened up their first two hotels in Shanghai and Beijing.
It's the last season of the hit reality TV show MTV's \Jersey Shore.\ Here, the top five reasons the party's over.
Are you more candy corn or Pop Rocks?
This year, we suggest you fix one of these five eerily good cocktails. Happy Halloween!
It's a mad, mad, mad mad world of Basque peppers featuring a virtual who's who of the pepper variety kingdom. Manuel Recio, of Viridian Farms, takes us on a guided tour of the many star-studded attractions peppered throughout his farm.
In some parts of the world, it's considered a delicacy.
Need a ring shaped like a cake or a six-foot sub necklace? Etsy's got you covered.
It's the best part of Halloween.
You can now feel good about your bacon habit.
I couldn't resist these ghoulish Halloween cupcakes. Why not try making your own? Here is one of my favourite recipes from the mighty Eric Lanlard, Key lime cupcakes.
We don't want to act crazy, but maybe we'll ask for these for our birthdays for the rest of time?
Honest Cooking Editor in Chief Kalle Bergman went to the Faroe Islands to feast on some of the best seafood in the world.
With lightly sweet flavors and a soft fizziness, hard sparkling ciders from American craft producers are a fantastic fall alternative to sparkling wine or soda water in cocktails.
It's even more fun to eat.
Throwing a monster bash this Halloween? Here are five quick and easy Halloween treats to get you and your guests into the spirit of things.
Can we talk comfort food for a second? I think it's a category in a state of constant flux.
This is one hot cookie (sorry).

If it weren't for making a meal, we wouldn't be where we are today.
A step up from banana bread.
Just channel your inner zombie.
I love the horiatiki salad, because it is healthy and almost decadent at the same time, just like most Greek food. But before we go on with the recipe, we need to clear up a few misconceptions.
You don't have to be a five-year-old to love pumpkin carving. It's one of those fun Halloween parties that doesn't require costumes, but also provides a great activity to incorporate earlier in the evening, before haunted houses are entered and/or heavy drinking commences.
Craft beer festivals have been taking over event spaces nationwide, popping up year round to offer the palates of beer connoisseurs new and unique ales and lagers. For a more in-depth understanding, I spoke to Jim Pickett, the NYC Craft Beer Festival's beer curator.
Momofuku Milk Bar chef-owner Christina Tosi is infamous for her madcap take on dessert.
The ghouls are beginning to crawl out, spiderwebs are getting tangled, decorations and candy are abound and we are all getting into Halloween party mode.
There are so many more options beyond carrots.
Tucked away in a nondescript section of downtown Beaverton -- a stones throw from Portland, Oregon -- there's a small, cozy restaurant that is known for their Central American cuisine. It's aptly named Gloria's Secret Caf\u00e9.
Sweet cocktails satisfy both cravings in one.
Cakes are just big ol' cookies, and so much more.
Think you hate gin? Think again. The Aviation is here.
But that limitation, at least, will soon be addressed. In June, Victory will open a huge new brewhouse 14 miles away, in
Time to start short-cutting!
If the height of your spreadable cheese indulgence hasn't yet gone beyond smearing foil-wrapped cream cheese over a bagel or toast, it's time to look beyond the rectangular dairy brick.
Our favorite dish from our Canadian neighbors.
Some people won't eat meat because they think it's cruel to animals, or because of health concerns. My reason is a little different
You've never had pasta this good.
Come join the dark side.
Who knew tofu could taste this good?
We know you want to give it a try.
One of my all time favorite vegetarian recipes is this fall dish filled with roasted butternut squash, farro grains, and chickpeas.
These burgers are a healthy change from the usual beef burgers. Top them with some fresh and colorful coleslaw.
Double Ninth Festival in China is a favorite holiday, not only because it honors the elderly, but also because of its delicious combination of sweet cakes and chrysanthemum tea.
Our burgeoning obsession with mochi, kanten and red bean paste.
Long before I knew anything about my latest blog crush Jillee, I was a devotee of The HillBilly Housewife. HH is a very rustic website that's all about making things on the cheap. I'm talking serious no-frills everything. I think this mama even rolls her own tampons. She's hardcore.
Today in please-help-me-I-can't-stop-laughing news, we bring you The Onion's \Dream Omelet.\
So you don't live on the Upper East Side. Perhaps you live in small-town America. Here's a small-town girl's guide to eating vegan wherever you live.
I first encountered Jidori chicken last year at the Skyline restaurant atop the Huntley Hotel in Los Angeles.
The terrain here in Costa Rica varies sometimes from footstep to footstep. When we decided on growing coffee, we set out to find a coffee plant that would meet our unique requirements.
The cult of extreme eating -- be it a dinner date with KFC's Double Down or following the path of Andrew Zimmern -- has become surprisingly mainstream.
Comfort food that's good for you.
To all my Greek friends
These gingerbread creations will haunt your house.
Another creepy, but tasty, recipe for the 31st.
Stop worrying whether you're cutting your veggies correctly.
If you are looking for a crispy chicken wings recipe that doesn't involve any deep-frying, then give my Crispy Baked Lemongrass Chicken Wings recipe a try.
Savory, you may ask? Yes! Because oatmeal starts as a pretty flavorless dish, you can add some needed excitement quite easily and it doesn't have to involve sweets!
Always have the chile sauce at the ready.
They have a place on the breakfast, lunch and dinner table, not to mention dessert.
Whether in a tiny kitchen or an endless field of fruiting trees, you can still experience the familiar chords of every season strike through rituals with seasonal produce. You don't get the full experience of this from the largely hands-off ritual of dining out.
These Halloween party menu ideas are not for wimps.
After my mother passed away last year, I was tasked with emptying out her house in Los Angeles. I found a wheeled, wrought-iron bar cart bearing funny swizzle sticks, a wooden monkey and four old bottles of whiskey. What now?
And you might even like it.
Over the last few years, rye whiskey has seen a huge rise in popularity, thanks in part to shows like \Mad Men\ and the recent speakeasy craze.
And they're more than just a breakfast food.
These devious drinks are for the adults only.
Regardless of whether you are too old for haunted houses or young enough to still be terrified by bowls of blood (ketchup), Halloween is a time for parties, costumes or otherwise.
This preserve uses whole figs that have their stems removed but I keep their skins because I like them.
The leaves are changing colors and the temperatures are dropping, which means it's time to cozy up in the house and bake.
Writer Joyce Maynard's philosophy is that pie brings people together.
What to do with that extra can of pumpkin during the holidays? Here are some easy recipes that go well beyond pie filling.
Want to read more from HuffPost Taste? Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest and Tumblr. Check out these beef stew recipes
Cherry blossoms and sugar cookies, it doesn't get much better.
If you've ever had limoncello, you definitely remember it.
It's the best thing that's ever happened to bread.
He has to watch his figure too.
Serve this roasted asparagus market salad with ginger soy salmon, a bacon and sun dried tomato quiche, or with a simple ginger and parsnip soup.
I'm not one for rigidity in the kitchen, but there are some foods, I think, that should be made a certain way.
Here's how to satisfy that cheesesteak craving for those residing outside of Philadelphia.
It's incredibly difficult to cook a real meal for just one person, but sometimes the thought of yet another Lean Cuisine is enough to provoke a hunger strike.
These toaster concepts aren't that far from being a reality.
How did we miss the signs?!
Learn to do it as an Italian would.
Epic. It's my new favorite word. I can't stop saying it. And I'm sure everyone around me can't stand hearing it.
The sight might turn your stomach, but we promise the taste won't.
Gail is really serious about her eggs.
It is about this time of year where I start to really crave some comfort foods. I want chili, soups, and meals that will stick to my bones if you know what I mean.
Is that ribeye acting all tough again? Or, perhaps you'd just like to keep a few cutlets in line?
Pumpkins have never been very popular as an ingredient -- until now.
Don't be the bad candy house.
Museum food has really stepped up its game in recent years.
I have just been in America where I was in San Francisco for work. Eating in San Francisco was an utter pleasure and there were so many fabulous places to choose from.
It's time to OD on apple and cinnamon.
There's no better way to start the day.
With online lessons in modernest cuisine techniques.
It's time to give other greens a try.
For those looking for their first canning adventure, or for those new to pickling cucumbers, Yeoman's shows you the complete process, and how easy it is to make your own fresh pickles.
Hay rides, corn mazes and trips to local apple picking farms can create wonderful Fall traditions.
Throw an authentic Mexican party worthy of a Mariachi band serenade.
\Will you be joining us for breakfast?\ asks Katja, a pleasant smile on her face. As scents of Vermont maple syrup, sizzling bacon and fluffy pancakes fill my nostrils, I don't need to think about the answer.
This pizza was sturdy yet chic, creamy yet tart, suave with a bit of a bite. A word of advice
Sorry Velveeta, we just don't need you anymore.
Try this pasta recipe topped with broccoli rabe and walnut pesto.
If you've never tasted fennel, put it on your bucket list. What is fennel? A perennial vegetable, fennel is a member of the carrot family, along with anise, dill, parsley, caraway and coriander.
Find out which U.S. wine destinations made TripAdvisor's list.
Great food Tweets from our favorite \Parks And Recreation\ actor.
Read here for the directions on how to assemble and cook this Sweet Honey Raspberry Salad.
Snacking is a high-pressure affair for kids and parents alike. With the kids badgering you for food, it's easy to get stumped or reach for prepackaged solutions.
We have a question about the portion size
Fall is Applejack's season and has been for some time -- not just for us, but for America.
Called the \world's most daring restaurant,\ F\u00e4viken, located in northwestern Sweden, is run by chef Magnus Nilsson -- who has been described as \part Viking lumberjack and part Shaman.\
Choosing a sweetener has never been stickier. Here\u2019s a look at seven common ones.
Until now, I had never tried an apple brown Betty. It is absolutely delicious and easy to make.
If you use a straw to drink soda out of a can, chances are you're doing it all wrong.
With fall settling in for a stay, there's no shortage of good, local, fresh ingredients for creative baking, but I can't stop thinking of peanut butter, specifically Crunchy Peanut Butter Banana Pudding and now Peanut Butter & Jelly Cake.
Please do this recipe justice by reading it in Christopher Walken's voice.
When I first had hard-boiled eggs in spaghetti sauce, I thought it was weird...until I ate it. Then I thought, WOW, this is good!
You know this to be true
Well, anything edible -- don't get weird.
Which of these 28 burgers were the best?
It's October, people, which means
For the traveler to Morocco pleasure lies in the unknown and the unexpected, in those tasty surprises that may be just around the next corner.
In the mood for meatballs? Check out the photos from this epic event.
Just when I think I've found a recipe that can only be reserved for That Place Where Recipes Go To Die, it resurfaces into something fresh, unique and worthy of a second chance.
Serve them on a pretzel roll with sauteed apples.
If you have trouble switching off your thoughts at night, consider adding a nightcap to your evening routine.
Find out which rich and creamy sauce uses crackers as a secret ingredient.
Desserts made with candy corn, and also just baked to look like candy corn.
Cakes, brownies, ribs, braised meats, cupcakes, biscuits ... they're all made with soda.
You're free to cook wherever you please.
Leftover pumpkin seeds? Don't toss them out, make these recipes.
Not every night calls for suits or stilettos. Sometimes it's nice to drop the pomp and circumstance and get seriously sloshed without busting your budget. Here are some of our favorite U.S. drinking dens.
Prepare your jaw for dropping
For most, a wine label can seem like a foreign language -- and it may even include a foreign language depending on where it was made.
Bolognese -- or rag\u00f9, as I knew it growing up -- and I have a long history of discontent.  My go-to method was clunky, incohesive, and lacking finesse -- barely a method at all.
The king of comfort food. Dig in.
Halloween isn't the only time to enjoy this squash.
Getting older just got a little better.
As with most trials and tribulations in life, when we get sick we start to think of food.
Savory tarts are my go-to for a quick bite when friends come over unexpectedly.
These recipes give farro a new, modern twist.
Because what would pancakes be without it?
These aren't the wretched porridges of your childhood.
The leaves and the farmer's market stalls aren't the only things that are changing this autumn. Our cocktail culture is easing into a new type of seasonal sipping, white wine spritzers be damned.
Find out which brands were delicious and which tasted like \cigar smoke.\
Can you ever have too much bacon?
Try your hand at making Indian food. We promise, it's not as hard as you might think.
If a little love makes cheese taste so much better, what does it do to everything else we eat?
Finally, blissfully, a Halloween treat we've never seen before.
Cheese is alive. It's edible art. It is an artifact you can chew that represents a specific moment in time.
The arrival of autumn brings in new produce to work with and I am excited. So here it is, something that has been at the back of my mind quite a while now, I just needed to wait for the pumpkins to arrive.
Peanut butter and jelly, mint chocolate and more.
Dinner has never been so simple.
One of our favorite breakfast dishes has a recurring problem
Bubblegum, cotton candy, birthday cake ... what's the world's grossest flavor of ice cream?
All the fun of Nutella in the airy package of meringue.
Never eat a burned baked good again.
The calendar may say October, but summer's still hanging on in some corners of the country.
Pizza! If you grew up obsessed with it and followed that American passion for cheese, sauce, and bread with an adult pursuit of the best slice, the finest pie, the Platonic Neapolitan, then the idea of naming America's best is likely contentious.
She's spot on when it comes to chicken salad.
Austin is a city with a lot of opinions about its food scene, but the one almost unanimous opinion is that the best food trucks in town are the East Side King trucks owned by Chefs Paul Qui and Motoyasu \Moto\ Utsunomiya.
Baby boy goats often have a very different fate than female goats on goat dairy farms. Find out what No Goat Left Behind is doing to change that.
This crucifer is trendy for a reason.
Field Candy's food tents are making camping feel especially appealing today.
For one summer-hater, bidding adieu to the season called for an uncommon celebration.
Brian Cox, Scotch and a high-backed leather chair.
We have nothing against the cheese board, but welcome to that wider universe of shrimp rolls, bite-size meatballs, lettuce wraps and more.
Ever wondered how chefs flip food around in saute pans like it's no big deal?
Forget dinner, eat pizza in the AM.
Because everything's better with Nutella.
Chocolate and pudding come together in a sublimely buttery pie crust.
When you make them from scratch, they're just so good.
Find out what makes a good stock from Rachael Mamane, founder of Brooklyn Bouillon, the first sustainable and traceable small-batch artisan stock company based in Brooklyn, NY.
Were the titans of food to bestow an award for accomplishment in the field of contrarian invention, I feel sure my father would win.
Experience Latin American flavors from the comfort of your kitchen.
Showcasing some of the best recipes on the web.
Something sweet and spicy for you to sink your teeth into? I think it's time for some fragrant pumpkin bars -- the dessert that smells almost as heavenly as it tastes.
Starbucks' new machine claims to make coffee just like the real stuff from Starbucks. We tried it out.
Find out why we think English food shouldn't have such a bad reputation.
You know it's fall when you need a few layers to stay warm during an afternoon spent outside. The antidote to an autumnal chill is, of course, a steaming pot of tea.
The calendar may read October, but if you love whiskey, it's like Christmas is already here. Right now distilleries are unlocking their vaults and emptying their casks to release special limited edition bottlings.
Meringues are such great fun to make. And eat!
I am pleased to share with all of you a recipe for Balsamic Fig Jam Brie Cups. I truly have an ongoing love affair with my balsamic fig jam.  It goes with so many things and is, quite frankly, addicting!
Food trucks have come a long way. No longer the \roach coach\ of old, food trucks have elevated the burger to something worth tracking down -- especially in these nine places.
Somewhere in the summers of the 1990s I became a tomato junkie.
I'm sure you've seen those commercials advertising Nutella as a healthy spread for your wholewheat toast for breakfast. You know what I think? I think Nutella is an incredible DESSERT..
One bite out of this sandwich will ruin all other chicken sandwiches for you -- in a good way.
Who knew bread could be this good? Check out some of our favorite quick breads.
It's the centuries of fine cuisine that makes their culinary culture so rich; that, and all the butter.
Thankfully, among the many baked good variations out there is this unbelievably amazing and deeee-licious Pumpkin Walnut Cheesecake.
If the martini is the undisputed king of gin drinks, the Manhattan rules the whiskey ones.
Voltaire really knows his stuff when it comes to thinking about food.
A set of utensils that nearly defies every law of physics known to man.
An electric pizza cutter -- what could possibly go wrong?
I can usually tell if someone is going to make it in the industry after a couple of minutes with them. So, in order to speed up the process, I thought I would jot down a couple of tidbits that can help a young chef navigate the decision-making process.
Yes, it's technically fall, but that doesn't mean we can't enjoy those last warm and summery days of the year without a cooling
With the recent focus in food moving toward healthier eating, many people are looking for recipes that are just as flavorful
From Las Vegas to Monte Carlo and Singapore, phenomenal chefs have opened restaurants in casinos around the world. Here are Food & Wine's best picks for casino dining.
Can brownies made with Diet Coke taste good?
Lately -- or I should say, since I no longer am in the work force -- I have taken up experimenting with some new dishes.
However it first emerged, the sandwich-cookie concept is sheer mathematical genius
So, what was for lunch? And how does the newest contender for croissant excellence in Manhattan measure up?
We bet you never thought you'd be putting Doritos in your pepper grinder.
From jelly beans to cheeseburgers and oddities like cottage cheese with ketchup, some presidents' food obsessions.
Local agriculture + pie. It doesn't get much better.
You want these.
Swirling coffee, steaming ramen, oozing cheese, melting brisket. Hungry yet?
Pumpkin Pop Tarts, anyone?
Last Wednesday I picked up the weekly newspaper insert from our local paper. Three articles on canning were featured. As I scrolled down the page, I came to a recipe for pear and chocolate jam. Pear. Chocolate. Jam.
Packed with vitamins and nutrients, this easy kale and sweet potato soup makes a great  late night snack or healthy lunch.
You'll be making ravioli like a real Italian grandma in no time.
Caramelized onions, pear and blue cheese top this beauty.
Chocolate in jam
Get inspired by seasonal produce.
Could there possibly be a better way to start the day than with a big ol' stack of pancakes? You might be surprised to hear
Vote now in the final round! It's Stewart's vs. IBC.
We're loving these versions from Hungary, France, Japan, Spain and more.
Check out every drink that Don Draper and Co. have imbibed.
To begin, bring the chicken broth and quinoa to a boil, then cover the pot and simmer for 15 minutes. It will look like this
Have you been eating your strawberries au naturale? Covered in chocolate? Well, you've been eating them all wrong. You should
In a boring dessert rut? HuffPost Taste to the rescue!
Hooray, eggs are back in vogue!  Have you noticed the appearance of poached eggs, deviled eggs, and hard-cooked eggs on restaurant menus?  I'm not talking about diners, I mean our trendy, celeb-chef digs.  I couldn't be happier for the return of this little nutrition packed ovoid.
As the bookish among you are most likely aware, literature and liquor have gone hand in hand since time immemorial. But while
These five recipes make a good case for stocking your kitchen with two large skillets in particular
You could use a store-bought cooking spray to keep from getting in this sticky situation, but you might as well just spray your food with unnecessary additives and chemicals.
Vegetarianism can be a scary idea for the modern carnivore. Fortunately, food is versatile, and foodies are even more so
To make a bacon weave, interlace the strips of bacon as one would a lattice top for a pie. Bake the weaves in a 350 degree
\Baking\ cookies on the stove top is similar to making pancakes. Melt butter in a skillet on low heat. Using your favorite
Sadly, fall means summer has come to an end. But, it also means chili season is just beginning. And chili season is something
What do you guys think? Vines? Veins? Antlers? These incredible sculptures are made of highly durable borosilicate glass
To the untrained cook, fermentation can seem a little scary. In the age of pasteurized and processed foods, letting your food seem to spoil on purpose seems a bit counterintuitive.
Not only does he love food, but he's also the guy at the restaurant who takes pictures of all his dishes, which are often
Don't know how to use 'em? We've got you covered.
People salivate on line at Starbucks eagerly awaiting their pumpkin spice lattes and delight in slipping on lightweight jackets to compliment the blushing foliage.  Why too shouldn't lifting the year's first glass of Apple Brandy be part of the tradition?
No more awkward nibbling in public, no more frosting in your nostrils, just pure blissful frosting-to-cake ratio in every bite.
I am not a chef, but a professional swimmer who won two Olympic gold medals in the 2008 Beijing Olympics. Now you're probably wondering what on earth I am doing working in the number two restaurant in the world?
The harvest moon is a time of great celebration in China. The holiday is held during the eighth full moon of the lunar year (Sept. 30 in 2012). Traditional foods are an important part of this major Chinese celebration.
Why is the staff meal important? Making a big deal of staff food helps build team morale and raises standards. From a chef's
A sweet tart made with spiced tomato jam, almond pastry tart crust and vanilla ricotta cream filling. It's easy to make and can be prepared ahead of time.
Apple season is officially here! The taste of crisp, juicy apples is the definition of fall, at least to me -- along with the feel of soft sweaters and the sound of leaves crunching under my feet.
Apple butter is rich and delicious, a true treat. But contrary to its name, apple butter doesn't actually contain any butter at all!
Think coffee's only made for the morning? Not quite. Here are five of coffee-fueled recipes that infuse the brazen bean into everything from cocktails to desserts.
Test out the miracle release pan on these cake recipes. The best solution is to try Veronica's way and make your own. It's
They say breakfast is the most important meal of the day, but many of us just don't have the appetite to eat such large meals
For many Americans, coffee is a natural part of their day-to-day routine. Mornings are powered by a hot cup of joe, and it plays a pivotal role in getting the day started off the right way.
Over the past few year burgers have undergone a revolution in London and they have emerged smiling from the Golden Arches. They are finally getting the respect they deserve and great Burgers are cropping up all over the city.
These pies are full of creamy salted caramel custard, are not heavy or cloyingly sweet, as you might expect
When we talk about having an eye-opener, we don't mean ordering a venti thingamajig from your nearest Starbucks. We're instead referring to a more sophisticated (and adult) type of morning concoction
Clearly, we love brownies at HuffPost Taste. And we're pretty big fans of cheesecake too. So finding a brownie recipe with
If you've ever wished pasta weren't packed with carbohydrates, you're not alone. Too bad there's no such thing as no-carb
Meanwhile, I'm going to keep posting and searching out a variety of things. While my inner geek may make sure that most of what goes up is bright, colorful and delicious, the ruthless marketer might be looking for the next molten chocolate cake! What do you pin?
I've never really thought about what actually goes into a pumpkin ale. I guess, I thought it was just a blend of spices that gave the beer its signature flavor. Until now.
I don't know what it is about Oreo cookies, but I can't resist them. When they are in my house, I end up going to town on the entire package, a few cookies here and there every single day.
Newly obsessed with root vegetables, I caught up with Roots\u00a0author Diane Morgan to learn more about the cookbook, the most underrated root vegetable out there and her favorite recipe.
Just make sure to pair them with a tall, cold brew.
From pumpkin to chocolate to blueberry.
There's nothing quite like a roast chicken for an autumn dinner. It's simple, rustic and never disappoints. And with a good
It's fall, so give up and embrace pumpkin.
We're not talking about the Snapi because it's new. Or because we necessarily think it's a kitchen tool you should know about
There's always someone who suggests we split the check evenly (\That's fine with you right?\ says the person who ordered
With America's cupcake obsession showing no signs of waning, talented pastry chefs at some of the best bakeries in the country
2 cooked chicken breasts (or the equivalent amount of thigh meat, if you know what's good for you), shredded 1 lb. roasted
Those of you who know the Accidental Locavore, know September is not my favorite month and here's why.
While I'm usually wont to use up all the pumpkin puree I own in pumpkin pies, quick breads and cake rolls, this season I've discovered a new, savory use
A good dinner party means clean plates, numerous wine glasses, and empty bottles of wine, laughter and lovely music. It is the kind of evening where everyone wants to linger and no one wants to say goodbye.
If you visit any of today's modern Chinese American communities, such as the San Gabriel Valley outside of Los Angeles, Flushing in New York, or numerous areas around San Francisco and Silicon Valley, and even Houston, you will find an interesting array of wonderful and delicious Chinese food.
Are wilted soggy greens looking back at you from your plate? Here are some\nquick and easy tips on how to make the perfect salad.
Matt Eversman, the 28-year-old chef of the soon-to-open OON in Chicago, visited The Interview Show to talk about his quick rise in Chicago's restaurant scene, his plans for OON, \externing\ for Charlie Trotter and more.
While we've seen fruit covered in protective husks (like the gooseberry) and we've enjoyed vegetables that are stark pale
Have you ever wondered where Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey gets that characteristic flavor? In whiskey production, the
\There are a lot of great drinking towns in this world,\ says veteran traveler Anthony Bourdain. \For me, if I have a bar epiphany, it's usually about four o'clock in the afternoon, before the evening crowd comes in.
If you like yogurt, granola and fresh fruit, you'll love parfaits. The great thing about this healthy breakfast option is
There are a lot of reasons to love whipped cream. And though some of them are a little dubious, we're here to say that our
And second, a little group therapy -- look at how your fellow bacon-lovers are handling the news. Spoiler alert
Arancini is made by deep-frying balls of risotto and filling it with the best pasta toppings you can find (think meaty ragu
It's definitely a convenience to reach for the Chinese takeout menu when you need dinner on the table right away. But once
Here's a tasty roasted eggplant recipe that's perfect for the Autumn season
For something to spoil there has to be something to spoil it. Honey is almost unique among organic compounds in that it constitutes a \perfect storm\ of attributes against spoilage.
Now that the temperatures are getting cooler, it's time to think about heartier fare. This easy, porky, one-pot meal brimming with seasonal vegetables is just the ticket.
Often used as a substitute for pasta or rice, farro is a grain with a nutty flavor similar to brown rice. It is gluten-free and rich in fiber, magnesium and vitamins A, B, C, and E.
Apart from the odd glass of Jameson's at corner Irish bars which don't look like they could make a passable cocktail, I've managed to ignore Irish whiskey pretty successfully for most of my drinking life.
Get the Chicken Smothered in Gravy recipe Looking for more chicken recipes? Check these out. But, without a doubt, some versions
When it comes to setting it and forgetting it, these slow cookers are your best bet. Read more on Real Simple
Inspiring new ways to use a bundt pan, cake stand, chip clips, and more. Read more on Real Simple
Learn how to clean, prep, and cook your favorite greens. Read more on Real Simple
And we're not talking about cereal and yogurt here, we mean the greasy spoon diner breakfast menu items like hashbrowns, waffles
Have you been guilty of storing cheese improperly? Leave a comment below. If you've ever had a good piece of cheese go bad
Sometimes we like to let this pungent bulb be the star of the show.
This was... pretty much exactly how it sounds. Delicious, a marriage of two of our favorite things on earth and a complete
Donald Kotler of TOAST gets creative as he demonstrates how to make two tasty dishes from fresh garden squash
We're sorry to be alarmists, but we need to talk about bacon immediately. Awful news out of Great Britain, as reported by
My dad grew up on Maui, and even though our family was raised in Virginia, we always kept SPAM\u00ae in the pantry.
Forget the store-bought kind. (They're running out of them anyway.)
Today in \what could possibly go wrong?\ news
If you've got jars and jars of jams, jellies and preserves, they don't need to be reserved just for toast. We've got 28 ways
Why roast peppers?  If you haven't had one, just try a home-roasted pepper and you'll understand how far superior it is to the stuff you buy in a jar at the grocery.
If there's one thing food lovers are good at (besides eating), it's singing their adoration of all things food from the rooftops
This nutty, herbal, slightly tart preparation is a classic Georgian flavor combination and can be used to dress up just about any vegetable. Try it on all kinds of vegetables not just on green beans.
Sweet potatoes are the potato for those who prefer sugary over salty. And sweet potato recipes let you feel good about indulging
Before anyone had ever heard of Masaharu Morimoto and before ready-made California rolls became a ubiquitous presence in every supermarket in America, my parents were discovering sushi for themselves.
Candied hickory nuts, huckleberry and toasted chicory on the same plate? Are you kidding me?
Fresh, seasonal ingredients have become such a part of cocktail culture that even the big spirits houses that once touted high-fructose, corn syrup-based mixers are increasingly offering from-scratch recipes of their own.
Wrapped in foil while cooking in butter and their own juices, oven baked mushrooms have a deep earthy flavor that's hard to resist.
Have you ever visited somewhere and it stayed with you for a time after you left? Not in a nostalgic way, but in a way that lingers, like it has reached in and altered you slightly. That's how visiting Cambodia was for me.
Get on board.
Oregon has been growing Pinot Noir since the mid-1960s. Pinots from Oregon tend to have some of the delicacy and minerality that red Burgundy is known for, as well as some of the ripe red fruit most typically found in California Pinot
Many of us are guilty of packing store-bought potato chips in our lunches (and our kids' lunches). Sure, it's a nice convenience
With star chefs at the stoves and designer spaces that seem to get sexier and more sophisticated with each opening, it's no surprise that some of the most exciting restaurants in the country are in hotels.
As hazy, hot and humid summer gives way to dewy and cool fall, it's time to forget about fixing cocktails with ripe berries and fresh cherries and instead use another seasonal mixological staple
Your Super Bowl party snack game just got elevated.
Yesterday we gave you the Roman's version of mac and cheese (Cacio e Pepe Pasta) and today we're moving over to Greece with
If you like to cook, you should definitely have a good dumpling recipe in your arsenal. Dumplings, known by many different
This cake is soft, moist, and buttery. The whiskey adds a gentle flavor to the cake and the figs become even \figgier!\
This white salty cheese produced from sheep's milk, or a combination of sheep and goat's milk, has become popular outside of Greece because of it's taste and versatility.
We have to talk about your condiment usage. We're concerned about your shepherd's pies, your full English breakfasts, your
I admit, I've gone a little overboard on the pumpkin flavored desserts lately. I made these Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Cookies, after making the Pumpkin Cake Trifles and then also a Pumpkin Apple Streusel Cake!
Photo from Grilled Cheese Social. While there are simple ways to improve upon this easy meal, it's more exciting to come
As an alternative to big-box movie theaters plagued by cramped seats, stale smells and\nfrighteningly artificial orange-yellow \butter,\ new and independent cinemas are now providing\nfantastic food and amenities, featuring everything from mixologist-crafted cocktails to reclining\nseats and chef-conceived concessions.
There are many abbreviations in the English language, but few have enjoyed the full-on adoption of terms like OMG (oh my God). So what in the heck are OMG wines?
It's technically fall but still feels like summer, meaning your brown bag lunches should be in full celebration of this stage in between seasons.
Get the Pasta Cacio e Pepe recipe Pasta Cacio e Pepe is made with just cheese and black pepper, but it tastes like everything
But some of the most heated debates we've ever heard surrounding food have been about one of the simplest cocktails in history
Eriksson says that nearly half of all Europeans have two copies of this variant, and of those people, 15 percent reported
Have you ever tried to decorate a cake with fruit on top, only to find it sunk to the bottom during baking? If so, you'll
These days, we're all amateur food pornographers. But we thought the phone photos of a professional chef and consummate foodie like Mario Batali would be even yummier than those of us layfolk.
Depending on its smokiness, saltiness, fattiness and flavor, bacon can range from basic breakfast\nstaple to pure porcine perfection. Food & Wine editors sampled both nationally available and mail-order artisanal brands to find out which bacon is truly the best.
Although we never like to say goodbye to summer, we are starting to get pretty excited about fall -- fall cocktails, we mean
This is a perfect \pick-me up\ breakfast. Have fun making this version or feel free to experiment with any fruits, nuts, or juices combination of your own choice.
Transitioning to a healthier lifestyle can be hard, especially when it comes to food. Switching to whole wheat pasta is a simple, taste equivalent change that won't double your food budget or leave you feeling hungry.
Which is why all of the canap\u00e9s but one ended up having rectangles of tomato jelly on them, as opposed to the beautiful, perfect
This is the breakfast worth splurging on.
I don't know about you, but lately I've been obsessed with adding poached eggs to my dishes. Somehow, they just make everything look and taste better.
From deep-fried pancakes soaked in syrup, to fudge-like squares garnished with edible, silver foil, South Asian sweets come in all shapes and sizes. With such delicious variety, it's too bad these confections seem to have a low profile outside of South Asia.
When it comes to apple pie a la mode, some people feel that there's never enough ice cream. And there's another plus to this
A freshly baked pizza? In under 3 minutes? Right on!
Here are some Jell-O salad images over the years
Chefs across the country are upgrading their amazing burgers with the ultimate finishing touch
We all know it's going to happen, that evening after a great day outside when we neglect to prepare. It's like getting caught out with only your prescription sunglasses as night falls. You might look cool, but you're regretting not be being prepared.
We've decided to stand up to this ridiculous once-a-year-birthday-cake convention. From here on out, you should be able to
When the weather starts to cool, there's a natural tendency to gravitate toward heavier and more comforting foods. With that
Get a taste of chef David Burke's everyday culinary encounters in his iPhone photos of food, from savory peanut brittle to watermelon-and-asparagus salad at David Burke Kitchen.
Tex-Mex (a cross between Southwestern and Mexican) is a super easy cuisine to play around with in your own kitchen, especially since it's fusion in nature and includes a lot of pantry ingredients.
In the mood for chocolate? Try these cake recipes. This chocolate-covered strawberry bar, named the Ephemeral Chocolate Bar
Want to read more from HuffPost Taste? Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest and Tumblr. And since you have to do it
Veteran pastry chef Mary O'Rourke of The Waffle Window in Portland, Oregon shows us how to make a rustic tart, also known as a galette with fresh pears and figs.
We're sad to report that the end of summer is near -- not only does that mean no more warm weather, it also means no more
Want to read more from HuffPost Taste? Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest and Tumblr. We've said it before, we'll
There are a lot of things to love about this video. Founder, Josh Ozersky referring to this as a \global festival celebrating
Avoid a power hour for wines. You can use crackers or drink water to neutralize your palate between wines. If you get tired of smelling wines, have some coffee grounds on hand to refresh your nose.
Wine, on a very basic level, is made from fermented fruit. While people mostly associate wine with grapes, wine can be made from a wide array of fruits.
If you don't already love Jason Segel for his performance of Dracula's Lament or because he changed his wayward ways to become
For butcher Jon Kalabolas, his passion for his craft started with knife collecting. It led him to the finals of the Best
I never liked Eggplant Parmesan growing up. My mother would cut thick slices, cover them in bread crumbs, bake them, and then add Hunt's tomato sauce from a can and not nearly enough cheese for my taste.
Looking to preserve Summer's bounty of tomatoes for chilly seasons to come? Chances are, you've been advised to peel your
If you're a fan of leafy greens like arugula, keep an eye out for purslane. It's reasonably priced, with a creamy consistency
Stuck with a long commute, or looking to be entertained while tinkering away in the kitchen? Thank goodness for podcasts
Find out Food & Wine's weirdest regional foods in America.
You may know Dale Talde as the lovable two-time cheftestant who didn't quite make it to the finish line on Bravo's Top Chef. But the ambitious Asian-fusion connoisseur is now making a local name for himself in Park Slope, Brooklyn.
Of course, you don't want to put just anything down the drain, but the magical way this disposal system works (which this
Get the Sriracha-and-Wasabi Deviled Eggs recipe Love sriracha? Get more sriracha recipes. What we like about deviled eggs
We've shown you how to throw a Swedish night with meatballs, salmon and aquavit, and we've given you Japanese night with
Mobile munchies. Street eats. Whatever buzzphrase attributed to them, food trucks have quickly made their way beyond the
Over the past few years, macarons have made their way across the pond, quickly becoming an American obsession. Macarons may seem like finicky cookies at first, but with a little time and care you'll be enjoying these delicate treats in your own kitchen.
In the Northeast, the season for fresh summer produce is quickly coming to an end. But before it ends, hurry up and make these recipes before the weather turns cool!
While the exact origins of the Sidecar are unclear, we know it contains cognac, orange liqueur and lemon juice. Here are five ways to vary that classic recipe.
Americans may never get over their obsession with amazing hamburgers, but they've certainly\nmade room for an equally delicious meal between bread
The Rodney Dangerfield of spirits, rum, is rarely given its fair due. In the post-Hemingway world of serious drinkers, it's either maligned as super saccharine, or pigeonholed as a beachside one-trick-pony.
For some reason, seafood seems to be one of the most intimidating foods to grill. Here are a few tips to help you achieve perfectly grilled seafood every time.
In the hot summertime, Mexicans reach for a fragrant, ripe fruit juice, freshly dissolved in a blender with ice water to quench the thirst and hydrate the body.
When it comes to velvet cake, why does red get all the glory? These buttermilk cakes are just as good -- and maybe even a
Want more cookie recipes? Check these out. It's not hard to make a good chocolate chip cookie. Don't judge us for saying
So what is a fried pizza? It's not the entire pizza that's fried -- just the dough. Think of the elephant ears, fried dough
Our favorite thing about the Jewish New Year is the food. Surprise!
Two food preservation experts demonstrate how to safely can fresh sardines, including a basic primer on a pressure canner.
Photo by J. Pollack Photography. Here are some cupcake recipes for you to throw in the deep-fryer. If you're as fond of chicken
When the conversation turns to cocktails, as it often does at Food & Wine, there\u2019s one person we listen to loud and clear
Sure, you know that you can trick out your stand mixer, but did you know that you can also pimp your fridge? Yep, you read
We weren't really sure what to expect when we heard that Stanley was Eric's next guest. You might know him from \The Hunger
On my quest for several \best\ recipes, blueberry muffins have been at the top of the list. These really are the best muffins you'll ever sink your teeth into.
You'll make it for everyone you love, and for everyone you hope will love you. It will become your calling card, and you'll
I hate this time of year but good booze always helps mitigate the crud factor of autumn, and this autumn there's a ton of very fine new bottlings out there.
Every which way (all delicious) to cook kale.
There's a reason a good cup of coffee feels so incredibly hard to find, and this chart may have unearthed it for us. It's
Here's a fun Autumn treat you can easily whip up with a bunch of fresh apples
So what are you waiting for? Watch the video above and get a drill. Want to read more from HuffPost Taste? Follow us on Twitter
Even when we're not talking about food, we're often talking about food. Food is so engrained in our everyday vernacular that we barely notice it. But where do these food clich\u00e9s and food-related idioms come from?
Check out these other quinoa recipes. Forget rice. Forget pasta. Forget all grains, really. When there's quinoa -- which
Many of us know all too well the quintessential bake sale item -- Rice Krispies treats. We've all had our fill of them, especially
This recipe is inspired by Daniel Holzman and Michael Chernow from The Meatball Shop in New York.
Waffles mean different things to different people. In the U.S., we eat them for breakfast topped with whipped cream and a
The words \tasting menu\ have traditionally been synonymous with sticker shock. Such is the case at New York City's Masa, where prix fixe prices start at $450. Today, the concept has become so democratic that even star chefs are serving bargain-priced meals.
The open-faced sandwich is a simple concept. It's pretty much just a normal sandwich that omits the top slice of bread. It's
When you're in the mood to treat yourself -- or cooking a dinner to impress -- a good, hearty steak always does the trick.
This vibrant fresh Malaysian salad was inspired by my trip to Penang several years ago.
We are simple creatures. We mostly think about food. Sometimes we're thinking of food we've recently eaten. Sometimes we're
Get the Breakfast Banana Splits recipe The banana split has been dwindling in popularity as an ice cream dessert. And considering
Meet Anna Hodson, the young and gentle, sheep loving shepherd at Kinderhook Farm in Ghent, NY. The farm is dedicated to producing great tasting meat as well as the care and concern of each and every animal.
Here are some ideas for dishes you can make on Sunday that will last you the whole busy workweek ahead.
Continue on the culinary journey of discovering Italian cuisine through the areas of central Italy and discovee where focaccia, pesto, Parmesan cheese, cured ham, artichokes and truffles come from.
If you're someone who watches what you eat, you probably don't get down with a lot of lasagna. Lasagna is typically one big
From breakfast to dessert.
Anyone who grew up in the 1990s knows just how good kids had it back then
Giving a party is no picnic. What if the guests refuse to talk? What if there is a loud, awkward kitchen accident? What if the table doesn't look good? Worst of all, what if the food doesn't turn out?
It's a pie recipe that's good for us (sort of). Our prayers have been answered! And with all this heart healthy nutrition
I love cooking one pot meals in the fall and winter and eating them throughout the week. This recipe takes very little time to make but packs a lot of flavor. Make it now or once the leaves start changing color.
Last week we talked all about Swedish Night -- this week, it's Japanese Night. We've pulled together some amazing Japanese
Wednesday, September 12 at 12 a.m. Eastern, Round Two will begin. Let us know in the comments what's your favorite street
This roast chicken is so very simple to make. And it's delicious as often the most simple recipes are.
When she's not playing the beautiful Anne Perkins on \Parks And Recreation,\ Rashida Jones is tweeting about food --among
This soup is fabulous. It always comes out right. It's not too difficult. The flavors are divine. You have full control over the amount of heat.
The end of summer deserves some homemade ice cream. This ricotta version is easier than making regular ice cream, because you skip the step of making custard.
You might not think you need a recipe for a tuna melt sandwich, but believe us, you want to take a look at this one. This
Have you been wanting something more from your baked potato? Though there's nothing wrong with a perfectly baked potato with
This recipe does not contain actual hummingbirds, but after you sink your teeth into the sugary frosting and fruity cake, you might feel like a hummingbird ingesting pure sugar.
There are two ways you can do it, either halved or pureed. Here's how it's done
It's back to school time, and you know what that means
Parents of picky eaters, we've found a remedy to ease your child's finicky ways. It's not hypnotism or anything serious. The
What happens when you put 38 chefs, hundreds of carnivores and thousands of pounds of meat on an island? It becomes Meatopia
Should I hide the fact that one of my favorite (and most requested) cakes is made with a mix? I don't care. The cake is delicious and I'm not ashamed of it.
It's easy to love macaroni and cheese. There's something about every recipe for it -- whether decadent, healthy or somewhere
I love Indian food and being a spice geek it is a complete inspiration to me. My Kadahi chicken is a North Indian inspired curry that is made with the simplest of spices.
If you're a novice wine drinker who enjoys their wine now and then, loves the idea of being adventurous and ordering exotic wines when dining out, but lacks the wine geek know-how, this is a post dedicated entirely to you.
I recently had a tussle on a comment thread of a Huffington Post article. First Lady Michelle Obama, as part of her \Let's Move\ campaign, the article explained, had hosted a State Dinner for Kids at the White House.
I have a confession
Very simple and gorgeous to look at, sauteed radishes are a great way to change things up from the common vegetable sides we're so used to eating.
Some people may think September is the end of ice cream season. We just think it means it's time to get more creative.
With football season starting up, what more could you want to accompany the game but the best chicken wing recipe around
We've all heard the saying
It's time to start packing school lunches again. We know, you're so excited. Though the thought of juice boxes doesn't exactly
Here at HuffPost Taste, we frequently extoll the joys of simple cooking, simple eating and simple entertaining. The idea
September is Bourbon Heritage Month, and with the Kentucky Bourbon Festival kicking off early next week, we can't think of a better time to raise a glass to America's native spirit.
Serious 'que lovers crave more than just a few summer months to keep the coals hot, so many take their love of slow-cooked meats on the road and enter the competitive barbecue circuit.
1/2 pound round red radishes, trimmed, at room temperature 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, completely softened 1/4 teaspoon
In my last piece I called blended wines the ice cream sundae of all of my favorite grapes. Blends are some of the most complex and interesting types of wine. I've changed from avoiding blends to seeking out the best types.
Chef, butcher and charcutier Eric Finley demonstrates how to make 3 different types of homemade sausages
I remember when approaching a cheese counter was extremely intimidating for me. When you don't quite know what you're looking
The only reason that Michelangelo was ever our favorite Ninja Turtle was because of his intense love for pizza -- if not
And so when you come across a steak sandwich recipe that calls for steak, crusty bread, caramelized onions and yellow mustard
There are certain things I'll never understand
Food & Wine names the crazy things people do to ice cream.
Mother Nature has made it remarkably easy to detect the relative levels of the main wine components. Grab a glass of red wine and taste as we go and you'll see what I mean.
Soup can be boring. And it can be bland. And unless you're sick, why would you really want to eat it? (That is, unless it's
The often belabored pronunciation of Worcestershire sauce frequently overshadows the more amazing things about it -- for
YAASSS.
Don't expect to find macaroni necklaces or macaroni glued to construction paper here -- though, there is a pasta portrait
Are you freaking out about fall? We know -- we are too. You know what helps us coast into a new, cooler season a little easier
While we wouldn't mind having a Rosie like the Jetsons did to help us with our cooking, we'd settle on just a little help
Thank Oskar Blues of Lyons, Colorado, for serving Dale's Pale Ale in a can back in 2002. Ten years later, there are dozens of craft breweries making their beer available in cans.
As I imagined myself -- for some reason in slow motion -- biting into the flaky, buttery, cheesy, crispy pizza, I knew it would be every bit as decadent as I wanted and would require hardly any labor.
What You Need
You've heard the phrase \class in a glass\ before, right? We're pretty sure it was invented to describe the bright red ceramic
These are the street food elite
Friday morning, September 7th, we'll announce the results! Wednesday, September 5th at 12:00am Eastern, Round Two begins
Sure, there are many different options for frosting the tops of these little cakes. A quick look at Martha Stewart can leave
Packing lunch, whether for yourself or your kids, is a great way to save money and eat healthier, but it doesn't always go
Even though beer may be slowly losing its commanding lead of the alcohol market share while craft beer gains followers, Big
We find it kind of hard to believe that the Knork can cut through steak and pears with the same relative ease, but we'll
If you think you make the best guacamole, we're sorry to tell you this, but you're wrong. Unless of course you've been topping
The only thing better than getting a candy bar for one penny is getting it in a vintage wrapper. These classics were designed
For those who also love boardwalk foods, advanced planning for summer trips to these tourist haunts can mean the difference between frozen fries or terrific meals that match the allure of the beach.
For most children, Labor Day is a bittersweet holiday; it is a last hurrah that signals summer's impending end. For grown-ups, however, this holiday is much more exciting. It promises a day off, a cold cocktail, and a chance to shine at the grill. Whether you're a novice griller or a seasoned professional, here are 10 fresh ideas for putting your grill to good use and throwing your most impressive backyard barbecue to date.
This recipe is a great way to introduce fish into your diet (also perfect for kids). The cakes have fluffy mashed potatoes, soft onions, spicy jalapeno and ginger, and come with a soy tobanjan (spicy Korean chili paste) dipping sauce.
I dare you to say \maraschino cherry\ out loud in polite company. It's a hard thing to do  -- they've got a bad reputation. Wanting to add a good maraschino cherry to one of my home-mixed cocktails, I decided to make my own.
This Monday (we hope), you're getting a much-needed (and much-deserved) day off. And we also hope you'll be celebrating with a delicious cocktail in hand.
Also see
What makes this delicious kuku different from other stuffed egg casserole dishes, is that it uses a little lime juice, flour, and baking soda. This is definitely one of my new top additions to my weekend brunch menu and I think you  might want to add it to yours!
What's the best part of Labor Day weekend? We say
We have such a tasty treat of a video for you guys today! In case you did not know, Chef April Bloomfield (of The Spotted
I lifted my zombie-self out of bed and walked to the oven, which could tell I needed a hug. I sat down with my box of Kleenex and watched the cobbler bake. \It's going to be ok, I promise you,\ Peg said. The oven said so too. And both of them were right.
Got big plans for the Labor Day weekend? Whether you're hosting a barbecue or heading over to a friend's, keep your holiday weekend as low-key and stress-free as possible with these 10 quick and easy recipes that'll give you a chance to fully kick back and relax.
Labor Day weekend is summer's last long weekend. So, it's a perfect time to mix up a batch of tasty cocktails that will have you and your friends relaxing and reflecting on what a great summer its been. Here are a few of my favorites this summer, whip up enough to take you from cocktail hour to sunset!
When you want authentic barbecue but can't make it at home, the best thing to do is go to that local barbecue joint -- you
We all have our favorite deli spot for lunch -- whether it's the gourmet chain with sky-high prices or the really tasty deli
Food-on-a-stick is great fun to eat. Chicken grilled on a skewer, also known as chicken shish kebab, is easy to make and delicious -- a lovely summer dinner with couscous and green salad.
While we've seen a lot of questionable technological advances in the prestigious field of cooking gadgets, the latest from
Whether you're into the tail, claws or head, lobster makes for good eating. Dipping that tender meat in melted butter brings
We know that barbecue draws out some serious opinions with even stronger loyalties, but we're going to take a risk here and
Check it out
When you think about the children's novels you've read as a kid (or adult -- we're not judging!), what sticks out most in
Just as Luke Skywalker must have been grateful for the Jedi teachings of Yoda (and for his light saber), we're feeling thankful
When I make this, one of my all-time favorite salads, I like to keep things simple. It includes teff, fresh vegetables, orange juice and crispy lettuce. A sweet chia dressing tops it all off.
Bake sales can be a drag. They almost always pop up when you're at your most busiest. You often times don't know about them
It seems just about everyone I meet has a variety of opinions about wine. I never know what to believe. Should I stick to Paul Giamatti's advice and not drink Merlot? Are blended wines just a mix of what's left over? There are a lot of myths.
Yesterday we gave you an excuse to eat pizza for dessert with our s'mores pizza recipe, but today we're giving you a reason
We have a confession to make
I love Mexican food, but unfortunately great Mexican food is hard to find where I live. So from time to time I make my own version.  I don't claim that these dishes are a hundred percent authentic, but I guarantee they taste great.
If we were in charge, you'd be able to walk into any bar in America, order up one of these eight classic cocktails and get
This little salad takes about five minutes to make. With all the tasty asparagus in the markets these days, there's no excuse to not make this! Delish.
Check out all the pies you can make in the split-pie pan! Some dessert lovers are still oohing and ahhing over cupcakes, but
S'mores + Pizza = Possibly the best thing you will ever taste in your life. This s'mores pizza recipe combines soft and chewy
Summer entertaining is a great opportunity to catch up with family and friends over great food -- and Labor Day gives us
It's easy for a backyard picnic to get expensive. Fortunately, there are a few equally easy ways to control costs.
We can't imagine walking into a party, laying our eyes on a punch bowl and not jumping for joy. A punch party is a beautiful
This light and delicate egg custard is a wonderful appetizer to make if you're looking to wow your partner or dinner guests. It's both beautiful and fun to eat, and require few ingredients.
Burgers are really good. So are BLT sandwiches. When you mash the two of them together, in a BLT Burger recipe, it's wondrous
French fries wouldn't be as popular if it weren't for ketchup. We could probably say the same thing about burgers. These
When we had zucchini coming out of our ears and an extra sweet potato the size of Manhattan lying around the other day, I knew what I had to do
Considering how many people drink coffee (more than 330 million cups of coffee a day in the U.S. alone), you'd think it'd
It seems like everyone is using Instagram these days, including much of the food world. You'll find chefs, food photographers
Scotch enthusiasm is at an all-time high these days, and with good reason
Yesterday's biscuit sandwich recipe left us wanting more breakfast. And so naturally, pancakes have been on our minds. No
To get some tips on appropriate behavior the next time you find yourself craving a drink, we consulted Jim Meehan, star bartender, businessman and author of our favorite cocktail guide,
Why should s'mores get to have all the fun?
It's not just for hummus guys.
You probably don't give shopping carts much thought. And honestly, we don't blame you. We shuttle them around the store, throw
I first tasted this soup, called okroshka, at a hotel lunch buffet in Kazakhstan, where its cool and tangy flavors played a welcome foil to the heavier meat-and-noodle dishes that predominate there.
You know the saying, if you play with fire you'll get burned? Well, it's true. And the proof is in the kitchen. If you've
There are kitchen tricks that transcend language barriers, and today, we have one for you from Chinese site Jifenzhong. Grub
The only downfall to the breakfast biscuit is deciding what to put on it. It makes a perfect backdrop for something sweet
Just imagine. All you do is put together a platter of store-bought ingredients and present it to your guests. That's mostly
Vinegar doesn't jump to mind as a cocktail mixer, but when the tangy, bracing tonic is macerated with fresh fruit and sugar, it becomes a bartender's favorite
Craving onions? Check out these recipes. -Place the rooted bulbs in a glass with water by a window. Just be sure to change
The juice and zest from the lemon makes this dish sweet and tart, while the caramelized zucchini adds smokiness. Quick and simple to make this little salad pairs well with almost anything!
I wanted to make a crumble to rival all crumbles.
We love a cocktail party, in case you hadn't noticed. We love them so much, that we don't think you should have to limit
The mojito is a classic summertime drink. It's citrusy, light and refreshing. It cools you down when it gets hot, and it's
With lots of cheese, of course.
Only the ripest will do.
F&W sampled the most familiar products, and while nothing replaces the pure flavor of a freshly tapped coconut, one brand comes close with a price to match.
Basic Rules
When it comes to ice cream, we know we've got you covered. But how about other summer-friendly desserts?
Eating this warm chocolate cake recipe is like giving in to all of your deepest and darkest chocolate desires. It's sweet
Think outside the seasoning packet.
Here at our office, the company-provided granola bars are at a premium. Those who arrive at the office early every morning
This dish swirls those sweet-and-saucy bananas into fresh, vanilla bean ice cream.
These cupcakes are inspired by my favorite little ice cream shop in the Wallingford area of Seattle
It's difficult to bring up dessert mousse without talking about the '80s. It was the darling on every dessert menu and for good cause.
Whether you're an expert chef or a humble home cook, all of us want to save time in the kitchen. It means more time spent
You're starting to resent those plump, ripe specimens at the market, on your counter. We're here to show you how to embrace them again.
Grilled cheese sandwiches, as good as they are, don't satisfy every need. When a craving for something sweet strikes, the
Since this is National Peach Month, a peach cobbler sounded perfect to celebrate this momentous \holiday.\
Turmeric is a root from the ginger family. In its original form, it has a knobby shape similar to ginger.
Wednesday, August 22nd at 12:00am Eastern, Round Two will begin. Start casting your votes now. Put down your lobster rolls
Here's a little secret, at Peter Pan Donut & Pastry Shop in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, you can order any of their donuts served cut in half, with a scoop of ice cream in the middle. Chow.com Contributing Editor, Liza de Guia, filed the following report on this 60+ year old donut shop's latest sugar rush creation.
Even if you live in the South, it's unlikely that you get to enjoy the bliss of fried chicken every day. Fried chicken is
If you're a bacon enthusiast, chances are you've got a jar of some sort stashed in your freezer, fridge or cabinet that stores
Pepsi Next, the line of Pepsi sodas with 60 percent less sugar than standard cans, has released two new limited-edition flavors
Here are 10 of our best healthy cooking secrets. Use them in your own kitchen to create healthy recipe makeovers of your own.
If you've ever thought that the only place you can have a clambake is on the beach in a New England coastal town, then you're
Have you ever wondered how your favorite Mexican restaurant does their salsa verde? That tangy, refreshing, bright green
As the video clearly insinuates, you should pull over. We can see the appeal of a portable caffeine factory that plugs into
Most of you are familiar with bagels smeared with cream cheese and topped with smoked salmon, but there are so many other ways to use this good-for-you and rich in omega-3 fatty acids fish.
We want to help you figure out what to eat next! Need to know What To Eat When Your In-Laws Come Over? What about \What To
Because one recipe just isn't enough.
If you grew up drinking pitchers of made-from-concentrate Minute Maid pink lemonade, then you know the magic of this summertime
Under ordinary circumstances, your morning cup of joe and your after-work tipple generally don't meet. But sometimes the spirit just grabs you, and you end up making exceptions.
There are thousands of kitchen gadgets you can find, but most can only do the one thing they were invented for -- what Alton
To prove it, we found 23.
Try not to associate the perfect summertime dessert that is peaches and cream with the suggestive lyrics and hypnotic beat
This hack, brought to us by blogger Sweet Verbena, is incredibly simple to do. Use a piece of lace, the cut-out part of a
It wouldn't be a daily indulgence if we didn't provide you with an over-the-top recipe (that we know you just can't wait
When you're learning how to cook, there are a number of things you try not to do, and burning your food is one of them. It's
Each one of them perfectly loaded with bacon.
Summer fruit is the best fruit. Here's how to eat it all the time.
Put the scissors away and lay down today's paper. Your coupon clipping days are over -- at least, in the physical sense. We
A chocolate chip cookie is just indulgent. But when that cookie is boasted to have a thousand-layers of chocolate, it's indulgently
For many of us in our student years, frozen burritos were a constant in our not-so-healthy diet. They were cheap, easy to
With the summer heat wave season in full effect, cooking meals the old school way can transform your once tranquil prep space into a Hell's Kitchen.
Sometimes lunch is about more than just the meal, especially when it comes to being a kid. The container you put your child's
I know you can whip this up in minutes because I did it one recent Sunday afternoon. After cutting the fresh basil, I set to work on the pesto, and was finished in the time it took the pasta to cook. Not bad for a last-minute lunch!
From a tropical punch to a flaming spiced-rum cocktail, these recipes celebrate the spirit of rum at its best.
Take the flavor of dark chocolate to the max with this healthy flour-less chocolate pistachio cupcake recipe. These tiny bites are delicious -- they're dairy-free and gluten-free and perfect for an allergy-friendly birthday party or an evening treat.
Every meat lover dreams of cutting into a perfectly grilled steak and sharing the experience with friends and family, but they probably don't dream of paying restaurant prices.
The Mexican flavors are superb and the soup serves as a vehicle for all those amazing toppings. Trust me when I tell you this will soon become your favorite go-to meal.
Through about an inch of husk is their shell. Inside is luscious coconut water. Lining the shell is immature, pudding-like coconut meat.
Sprinkles + cake = happiness.
WATCH
On August 15, what would have been Julia Child's 100th birthday, we celebrate a woman who did so much to change the culinary
Iowa restaurant veteran and beef straw inventor Ben Hirko says he got the idea after a customer brought a few beef jerky
Want to know what's more refreshing than an ice-cold beer on a hot summer day? A beer so cold that it's frozen. We're not
Popular as these two-bite appetizers are, they're not typically healthy. Classic deviled egg recipes are loaded with fat and calories.
Have you ever been to a restaurant and (after a disappointing meal) thought, I can make that better? You probably can, in

What's life without a little indulgence? We all work hard, we deserve a reward. We're bringing that reward to you in the
The dog days of summer are here and man oh man is it hot outside. This time of year we like to cool down with a beverage
It's official. I'm obsessed with baked donuts. Because they're baked, you can have like 17 instead of just one of the fried kind, right?!? No, seriously.
Are you one of those parents that packs your child's lunch in the hopes of providing them a healthier option? Turns out, you
Fresh cherries are the perfect add-in for your summertime guacamole because of their texture and ability to soak up the flavors of the avocado leaving you with a sweet taste in each bite.
This was another great week for summer recipes. As we start to ease back into back-to-school season, we talked about sandwiches
There are a handful of things you should know to be the life of a party
This colorful mixture of blueberries, corn, feta, and red chilies makes the perfect summer dish to share with friends. You can try this as a spicy dip or a fresh salad.
We love a good Bloody Mary, but there are times when we feel like it has unfairly monopolized the savory-drinks category.
Eating healthy is easy with these recipes.
Here's a quick tip for halving handfuls of cherry tomatoes at a time, using a few things you probably have lying around your kitchen.
Don't weekends go way too fast? After a long week at work, I completely look forward to Friday night.  Our Friday night this week was filled with friends and great cheeses.
I am over the moon for today's recipe, murgh makhani, more commonly known as butter chicken.
We've done the buffalo chicken sandwiches. We're over the quesadillas. We haven't forayed into buffalo chicken egg rolls just yet, but they're coming. Yet nothing seems quite as perfect a recipe as the buffalo chicken calzone.
To cut down on eggplant fatigue, we've decided to simply share with you the single greatest eggplant recipe of all time. That's
Salmon is a real crowd pleaser. It's one of those fish that even people who don't really like seafood will eat now and then
Local blueberries are in full harvest mode. On my way back from a week spent on North Haven, a quiet and radiant island in Penobscot Bay, I stopped along Route 1 in Maine to buy wild blueberries, the state's signature fruit.
Be prepared. These brownies are serious.
One of my favorite types of cakes are the semolina-based cakes that are popular in Mediterranean and Indian desserts. Fresh, firm, and ripe oranges give this cake its taste and aroma.
If kitchens were equipped with unlimited counter space, we would have every appliance we could dream of -- from panini presses
Baby, it's hot outside! But, baby still needs dessert, am I right?
We're a pretty easy going bunch, but there are a few things we'll get into a fistfight over. One of those things is the perfect
There comes a time in every bad cook's life when guests arrive for dinner.  And just because you don't know your way around the grocery store, much less around the kitchen, is no reason to despair.
We've found our new favorite ways to eat these giant, sweet onions.
Look, our vegetarian friends notwithstanding, we all want to roast a whole pig. There's something primordially appealing
'What's Good at Trader Joe's?' is a four-member team review site that has been rating the store's best and worst products since August of 2010.
Just think of peaches, apricots, plums and nectarines
We've all eaten pudding cups as kids, packed lovingly in our lunches by parents who had no idea what they were feeding us
We like to cook smart. We like to cook economically. We like to cook with grace. And cooking intelligently, economically, and gracefully means making -- and using -- leftovers.
The sandwich crust is the bane of many children's existence. It's dry and doesn't have any of the good-tasting sandwich filling
Homemade may take a bit of time and a few supplies, but in my book, the rewards are frequently worth the effort.  And so it is with mascarpone.
Regarding its constitution, therefore, we allow no amendments
You don't have to be a fan of the outdoors to appreciate a fresh-caught fish. Fish like trout and salmon shine when prepared
Small kitchens are a common downfall of many apartments and houses (a great oversight in architectural planning, we feel
With school starting up, it means bake sales are on the horizon. If you're a regular at creaming butter and sugar, this task
Many people find baking a pie intimidating -- that it's too complicated to get the dough shaped perfectly for laying into
This meatloaf was actually inspired by a trip my husband and I made to NYC. We stopped at a diner after a LONG, LONG walking self tour of NYC. My husband had the meatloaf and it was out of this world. Best I had ever had -- until now.
We live in a divided world. Republicans and Democrats are constantly in debate. PC users never see eye to eye with those
If you find yourself browsing food blogs for hours upon hours looking at photos of food, you may just be addicted to food
\We ordered a dozen oysters,\ a loved one mentioned to us recently, \and the server asked, 'What kind?' We had no idea, so
Leftovers can be a boon -- two homemade meals for the effort of one. Or, if improperly handled, leftovers can be sad and unappealing. Some minor adjustment to your methods will pay off, turning that foil covered dish into treasure.
Either you've got a ton of tomatoes from a very bounteous garden or you've picked a bushel of peaches at the farm -- now
Love tequila and Margaritas? Boy do we have a drink for you to try. The Becharita is just as simple to make as its famous cousin, but its flavor is far more exotic.
Although the simple pleasure of biting into a perfectly ripe peach is satisfying in and of itself, peaches can also be an inspiring ingredient.
We all know school cafeteria school lunch isn't something to look forward to, and mom's packed lunches aren't always the
This weekend, the Accidental Locavore finally got back in the kitchen. This grilled Caesar salad was a surprising hit! There is something so good about the warm, almost charred outsides and the cool, crispy interior.
Try as we might, it's almost impossible to eat our way through the abundance of summer fruit that we're enjoying during the
There are sandwiches, and there are sandwiches. These, we believe, fall into the second category.
Most people think of salads as just the opening act of dinner, or maybe a side served alongside a protein. But why shouldn't
Creamy, chocolately frozen fudge bars (or better known to most of us as fudgsicles). They're hard to turn down and easy to
Cheap sparkling wine is great. It's light, refreshing and doesn't set you back too much money. But sometimes, cheap sparkling
Sweet and tangy, this simple dish comes together in a flash. Don't make the salad ahead -- the watermelon will release too much water.
Subway, 24,722 McDonald\u2019s, 14,098 Starbucks, 10,821 Pizza Hut, 7,600 Burger King, 7,231 Dunkin\u2019 Donuts, 7,015 Wendy\u2019s, 6,594
It's not just for sandwiches anymore.
Follow Us On Pinterest | Like Us On Facebook | Follow Us On Twitter Experimenting with fresh herbs, fruits or a unique liqueur
It's summer, which means it's time to eat a lot of soccer.
There is nothing more comforting that a warm slice of multigrain toast with a generous spread of fresh homemade peach jam on top.
The easiest way to integrating more exotic spices into your own cooking is by starting from a place of familiarity. What spices do you feel comfortable with now?
When you've got tomatoes, mozzarella and basil, thinking outside the box is easy.
There will always be a place for vanilla, chocolate and strawberry, but why would you opt for one of those been-there-done
Peanut butter and Nutella sandwiches rock my world, but let's face it. We could make the classic PB&N even better by switching out the bread for a cookie.
Cooking without a recipe is a great talent to have -- especially when it comes to making dinner on the fly. If you know how
Learning how to decorate a cookie is much like properly frosting a cake. If you don't do it right, you're left with an embarassing
As July begins to meld into August, we start eating panzanella pretty regularly in our house. I usually prepare it the traditional way with slightly stale ciabatta bread, local tomatoes, basil, and a swirl of olive oil and good balsamic vinegar.
I'm slowly learning the ropes of this business of entertaining. My first lesson -- always cook something easy and effortless. Then, the rest doesn't seem so difficult.
Whether you're firing up the grill or want a cold soup, here are five summer recipes from the country's top chefs.
You'll be needing one a day for the rest of summer.
If you think you're not a fan of pickles, it's probably because you've only ever tried the store-bought varieties. They're
It's the excuse you need to eat two.
This video from Luke's Lobster shows you how to make their famous rolls. However, the particular lobster roll in this video
The ultimate sign of summer? Corn. Preferably on the cob. But, we'll take corn any which way, really -- as long as it's fresh and sweet and the weather is warm.
When a tall glass of iced tea won't cool you off, stick it in the freezer.  Top it with lemon cream and you've got a winner for these hot summer days.
Now that just about every town boasts a market, it's a good time to clarify some guidelines.
The only thing better than an ice-cold cocktail at the end of a long, hot summer day is a cocktail that comes in popsicle
If you are like me, then you need snacks throughout the day. How I married a man that doesn't snack at all during the day is beyond me.
Nothing says party quite like knocking back shots of pink Jello in a lemon wedge loaded with organic vodka, right? We thought so!
Crostadas are like free-form pies, not baked in a pan, but rather on a baking sheet, with the dough folded up around the edges of the filling. They are rustic looking, absolutely beautiful, with the filling bubbling up from within the crust.
With the overload of summer fruit in season, it's time to start thinking about making jams and jellies. You might play it
So, how can you avoid this? Easy. Make sure you wrap your food properly. Don't leave your food in the freezer too long. (While
Take advantage while they're still in season.
Snow cones are making a comeback. They've moved past those brightly colored, sweet syrups served on the street into something
You've probably heard the word \torta\ before. Maybe you're thinking, \Oh, I know, it's a cake.\ But that's not the kind
Death and taxes aside, there are some great things about adulthood, and one of them is that it is mandatory to spike the punch.
Man, it's hot outside. Know what would cool us down? A glass full of ice, fruit juice, and a bit of booze. Fortunately, BA's
With temperatures soaring this summer, I tend to move towards lighter and cooler menus. This is the perfect dish to cool you down on a hot and sweltering summer day.
Eggplant gets a bad rap. Let us set the record straight.
If you visit the south of France and want something refreshing to drink on a hot day, there's a pretty good chance you'll be offered a glass of Ricard.
Potato chip lovers know how addictive potato chips can be -- once you start eating one, it's hard to stop before you've reached
But, if you spend time thinking about these cakes, as we did at Kitchen Daily (we just couldn't look away!), you begin to
Week 3
If you like to experiment with cooking different cuisines, you're cupboard probably looks like ours
Was there anything better when you were a kid than the sound of the ice cream truck coming down your block? That music still
With anchovies not being a favorite on my list, along with a desire to always put my own twist on a recipe, I have created my version of the Pissaladiere.
Sure, a cherry pitter is an easy accessory to pick up but not everyone likes to buy single-purpose kitchen tools. And why bother when you can easily hack one? Today we're sharing an easy and gadget-free way to hack a cherry pitter.
Unable to resist the rich history and flavor of this cross-breed dressing we made up a batch and tested it out on our lab
The tartness of summer's signature beverage, lemonade, seems like something that could stand up to the floral, and sometimes very perfumey, notes of dried blossoms.
Here's a quick and easy summertime pasta salad that's sure to please your guests at your next picnic or BBQ. No mayo needed -- just a touch of olive oil and lemon juice will do the trick, and the fresh corn, lemon zest and zucchini add the perfect sweet touch!
If the smell that wafts out of your freezer makes you lose your appetite every time you open the door, you've got a problem
For most people, airplane food isn't something to look forward to, but at least it used to be complimentary. Now the only
Some of you may have heard of the gourmet sandwich shop chain 'Wichcraft. It's a pretty appropriate name for a sandwich shop, not only because its so clever of a name, but because sandwiches really are crafted.
By now you've eaten salads aplenty and barbecued to your heart's content, so why not try something a little different -- a summery soup, perhaps.
This kitchen appliance does a whole lot more than wash plates.
All of them perfectly sweet and savory.
It is no secret that I love meat. From time to time, however, I try to eat meals that are based on vegetables, tofu, or beans.
Our editors rounded up 17 big brands of caramel popcorns to find the best. They're not all technically caramel corn -- one
It's cookout season across the country, and you know what that means
Snacks are the truth.
When it's the middle of the summer, we're quickly reminded that this time of year is all too fleeting. And while we never
Okra -- it's one of those vegetables that you either love or hate. There seems to be almost no in between. But really, why
The brainchild of an American fast food company in the eighties, sliders are catching on in many parts of the world as hip and convenient party food.
Have you ever spent hours baking a cake -- mixing, shifting, stacking and frosting -- and taken a step back to look proudly
If you think your typical macaroni salad is harmless, think again. Right when you're about to squeeze back into that bikini, good old macaroni salad will make that task a little more difficult.
Crushed, cubed, sphered and speared, ice is an essential cocktail element, and never more so than when the mercury rises.
With the summer finally here, it's time we break out the mallows and start toasting away. But wait...there's more you can
Being single doesn't mean your meals have to suffer. If you're single and are tired of ordering in, eating out, or just not
This season is so much sweeter thanks to this fruit.
Chicken wings are a standard during football season. When a game is on, people are eating chicken wings, their hands slathered
What works for experienced cooks is not going to work for kitchen-resistant cooks. So here's my advice to people who don't cook.
If you've ever had limoncello, the Italian lemon liqueur, you know it's something quite amazing. Luckily limoncello is easy
Some flowers are meant for eating.
July 19 is National Daiquiri Day, and with sunny, hot weather sweeping the nation, we can't think of a better time to kick back with the classic Cuban cooler.
You might not like eating your veggies, but you will sure like drinking them in your next cocktail. While we must often turn
There's a lot of cheese in the world-- hundreds of different kinds -- and every last bit of it, to Ray Isle's mind, tastes even better with wine.
Celery lime soup seems a likely candidate for the menu at a sleek urban bistro whose aesthetic tends toward brushed chrome and glass.
Ribbon salads are light, fresh, simple to make, and most importantly, they're gorgeous. They're composed of thinly shaved
If you've ever seen the popsicle commercial created by the Corn Refiners Association, you know that most frozen treats are
Grilling steak is practically a rite of summer, but it isn't always the easiest thing to do, especially when everyone is
You don't need a fancy and pricey outdoor smoker to get amazingly flavored meat that tastes like it's been smoked for half
Here's how you can put it on EVERYTHING.
These recipes prove that bell peppers are anything but expected.
While the heat rises and our culinary juices start to flow, now is a better time than ever to stock up on some of the latest and hottest kitchen gadgets.
Follow Us On Pinterest | Like Us On Facebook | Follow Us On Twitter Answer
It's summer and some of you might have an overwhelming amount of zucchini on your hands. Of course you can grill or make vegetable soups with your zucchini, but it can get a bit boring.
The average American wastes more than 200 pounds of food a year -- that's a lot of wasted dollars too!
This little fruit makes some great dishes.
When you look at a bottle of mustard, what do you think? That it's just a condiment for hot dogs, right? Sadly that bottle
With summer's rising temperatures, sometimes there's nothing better than a cold glass (or can ... or bottle) of beer. But
We've compiled this list of five great tequila drinks in which using the good stuff really makes a difference.
Summer dessert at its finest.
When the grill comes out, hamburgers and hot dogs are soon to follow. And while we've got nothing against these summertime
Whether you're eating them plain or with clotted cream, stacking them sky-high with meringues, or using them to top a spinach salad, here's everything you need to know about strawberries.
Jamie's show is paired with a book, which was a big seller in the U.K. But not everyone is a fan of Jamie's 30-minute method
When made right, eggplant can be silky and sweet (or golden and crisp). We enjoy it in so many great dishes such as caponata
Can you call a recipe a \recipe\ if you don't actually cook anything? Maybe this should just be called \good snack instructions\ instead. Wash fruit. Slice feta. Grab mint. Stack. Devour.
Something must be in the water because it seems everyone is talking about flavored waters -- and we don't mean the ones you
Well, see for yourself. File this under
Every July 14, Bastille Day is celebrated in France and around the world. Known as La F\u00eate Nationale, the holiday commemorates
Psst, Nutella is involved.
Cucumbers are wonderful eaten raw, tossed into salads and of course pickled and enjoyed as a snack, but sometimes those darn
As you can imagine, when we throw a party, the cocktails can't just be decent. They need to be great. So we almost always serve a bowl of delicious punch.
Pies, cobblers, cocktails and so much more.
There are two foolproof ways to celebrate
This recipe for Gazpacho with Marinated Feta, Olives & Basil takes literally minutes to put together, packs a lot of flavor and is incredibly pretty. Make this on a hot day or whenever you are craving tomatoes.
There's a war raging in our country right now, and the source of this conflict is ketchup. More specifically, the dispute
Check out the full post on The Kitchn for lots of tips, including what kinds of oils work best and how long they'll last
There are times when we just can't bring ourselves to cook; when boiling water will make our already warm house unbearably
July's the time to pull some tomatoes off the vine and toss them into your summer staples while the sun's still setting late.
Food & Wine's senior recipe developer Grace Parisi has perfected her pie pastry technique. Here, she shares her best tips.
They're not just for pickling.
Pickled okra has a spot on our plate all year long.
Aaron Franklin spends a lot of time thinking about brisket. Here, Franklin saves home cooks and their summer guests from the worst crimes against Texas-style barbecue brisket.
Arm yourself for the holidays.
Photo from 3liz4, Flickr. Do you know the difference between the kind of cherries you'd eat vs. the ones you should bake
While any berry can stand alone, a mixture of strawberries, blueberries, raspberries and blackberries balances the range of sweet and tart along the berry spectrum.
The secret to making creamy 'soft-serve' without a special machine lies in the bananas -- they're inherently soft and a little gooey when they're ripe.
Let's enjoy this amazingly verdant squash while it's in peak season!
Flavored extracts are a great way to add flavor to many baked goods -- just think about how many recipes call for a teaspoon
It's all in the butter.
You'll never guess what you can do with potato peels.
You want these.
Vegetarians Beware
There are few places you can find corn dogs, cotton candy and fried pickles all in one place, which is why carnivals are
For more from Maria Rodale, go to www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com by guest blogger Maya Rodale,\u00a0writer of historical\u00a0tales
Photo credit
Tis the season to put up some jam.
The mere mention of the name brings to mind images of scandalous French parties, post-Impressionist painters with missing ears and a swarm of green fairies.
This can't possibly work, right? And even if it does, is the citrus fruit not already nature's most perfect spray bottle
Welcome to the official Foodie Underground Guide to Summer, with a list of everything you ever wanted to do when it comes to food, and a few things you never thought of.
LUCKY CHARMS MILKSHAKE!!!
Beach season is upon us, and whether you're near Venice, Daytona, Cape Cod or Easthampton, we think it's a perfect opportunity to pack a little creativity in your cooler.
As if one wasn't enough.
\Give a man a burger and he will gladly pay you Tuesday. Teach a man to make a burger and he will feed his family as if every day is Sunday.\ -- Meathead
Are you ready for your July Fourth parties? Will there be hot dogs? This is America, of course there will be hot dogs! We'd
The City Tavern, built in 1773 and located in Philadelphia, is one of the oldest taverns in the United States and was an
The finishing touches, such as topping off a cocktail with a couple drops of bitters or spritzing citrus on the rim of the
Mario Batali has restaurants on both coasts, but during the Summer, the Italian-American chef is inspired by a unexpected
Gazpacho is one of our favorite things about summer. One of the best things about this chilled, Spanish soup is just how
I've been known to transform last night's seemingly dissonant dinner ingredients into tomorrow's lunch masterpiece. But when it comes to wine, leftovers are an entirely different issue.
As we gear up for July fourth celebrations all over America, some of you may be freaking out about deviling some eggs. \Should
It was winner-take-all as the five victors from the preliminaries competed for $50,000, the title 'Kingsford BBQ Pitmasters Grand Champion,' and a spot in the Kingsford Invitational.
I love spending long days in the kitchen, taking my time to make a batch of cookies or chopping up the vegetables for dinner. But while I feel that way, I know not everyone does.
We were sure that by this point, everybody knew what quinoa was. You can find it in most grocery stores and it has been written
Corn is one of the best things about summer -- eating perfectly sweet ears right off the cob is a summer rite. But cleaning
Dearest vegetarians and vegans
Pork Chops are one of my favorite meats to grill. They're quick cooking and relatively cheap, but they haven't always been so well received.
As the Associated Press reported earlier this week, it would seem \breastaurants\ are here to stay. Eateries that emphasis
Just because the Fourth of July falls on a Wednesday this year doesn't mean you can't celebrate -- in fact, its mid-week placement means there's a weekend on either side to raise a glass in toast.
For the meringue
Just like hot dogs, flag cake and sparklers, watermelon is a staple of Independence Day. But no matter how many guests we invite, we never seem to be able to finish a whole one.
Not all of us have space for an ice cream maker in our kitchens -- it's an appliance that really only gets used one season
Lemonade, by definition, is simply a mixture of sugar, water and lemon juice. Thanks to the wonders of food manufacturing
If you're like most of us, you typically turn to Coca-Cola for a drink, Heinz ketchup for dipping your fries and Fritos chips
If there's one dish that has the ability to inspire heated debate, it's New England clam chowder. When Rhode Islanders added
In sorting the recipes the Accidental Locavore had on the cloud, this salad sounded like the perfect accompaniment to steak tartare on a very hot evening.
These twisty, curly, bright green stems are one of our favorite things about spring.
Would a mojito or a mint julep be the same without mint? Probably not. Herbs add so much flavor to cocktails whether muddled
Though there is an easier way to make one -- it just requires a little bit of planning. Cut a hole into the watermelon the
It's difficult to define American food, to say that dish x is the best representation of an entire country that's so expansive
We're all interested in saving money, no matter what our economical situation. Lucky for us, there are many different ways
Strawberries, basil, raspberries and peaches -- the summer is a great time for fresh produce and herbs. And while we love
Barbecue sauces come in all types and flavors, but most people only know the store-bought kinds. The bottles of thick gloopy
Think about this
For many of us, fried green tomatoes equate not to the crisp, summery food from the south, but to the 1991 movie that has
Even if you love to cook, live to cook, dinner can be a chore -- especially when you're trying to get that meal on the table
It's the only way to celebrate the 4th.
Nothing like mashed potatoes when you're feeling blue. Nothing like getting into bed with a bowl of hot mashed potatoes already
At the end of June, and well into July and August, Mommy needs -- no, Mommy deserves -- a cocktail. Here are some of my personal summer faves.
Summer is in full swing, and we are really enjoying it. This is the season for sizzling grills, sunshine-drenched backyard
Summer has officially arrived, and with it the season's heavy heat has settled in. So, it's time for easy-to-throw-together meals that can serve one or an entire beach house full of guests.
How do you buy a melon? Trust your nose. If it smells quite sweet, it will be sweet. Check for ripeness by pressing the dime-sized round at the melon's end.
Don't think about hot dogs too much. Doing so may result in the realization that you're eating questionable animal parts
Take it easy on the mayo and you'll be all good.
Do not, we repeat DO NOT serve boring food to vegetarians at a BBQ.
What are your favorite food magazines?
Restaurant meals taste good and eating out sure is convenient. But some of the dishes we've come to love are costing our waistlines big-time.
After reading a recent Huff Post piece on appliances you don't need in your kitchen, I was struck by the reader comments. I got to thinking there's another way to think of paring down in the kitchen.
All of them sweet. Some of the boozy.
Cherries are one of those summer fruits that are worth waiting for all year long -- there's nothing like eating them fresh
We all know that eating out is expensive. And we've been told that cooking at home will save us lots of money. But more often
It's a cookie, cake and pie in one!
From pasta and pizza to tiramisu, Americans have a pretty good idea how to eat like an Italian. But how does one drink like one?
While we might not be up for making homemade croissants every weekend (they require many turns of the rolling pin and a delicate
Over the years, Greek yogurt has become all the rage -- first there was only Fage, but now it seems every yogurt company
One of the best things about summer is the vast bounty of fruits and vegetables. If you've visited a farmers' market or farm
Don't let these bitter greens throw you for a loop, they prove that even weeds can be delicious.
Things used to be simple. If we wanted something sweet, we turned to sugar, or honey or maple syrup. But now we've got options
\In most cases, it's safer to make a salad on a toilet seat than it is to make one on a cutting board,\ says Dr. Charles Gerba (a.k.a. Dr. Germ).
When you've got fruit that's past its prime, or maybe it's just not very flavorful to begin with (either pithy or rubbery
With Cinco de Mayo approaching, now is the perfect time to eat ALL of these tacos.
Is organic food worth its hefty price tag? There has been much debate over this, with not a lot of conclusion. Some say that
Picnics are great in theory, yet can be a little less than ideal to execute. There's a reason that we dine indoors, because
Thumb through any housewares catalog or look at any cooking website and you'll see there are hundreds of kitchen appliances
Here are our 9 favorite classic party desserts for a barbecue -- cakes, cookies, ice cream and pudding -- with wine pairings provided by Dennis Keohane from invino.
It's getting pretty hard to ignore
Main photo from akeg, Flickr. Unless you have a chicken coop in your own backyard, one time or another you've probably spent
Go way beyond pie.
When you've got amazing summer fruit, there are more ways to enjoy it than just eating it out of hand -- one of the most
With the advent of summer comes a lack of real estate in our freezers, as boxes of ice cream treats make their annual pilgrimage
If you're familiar with Lillet, you know that this company makes a refreshing and floral drink perfect for any warm, lazy
If you've ever made puff pastry from scratch, you know how difficult it can be -- there are layers and layers of butter sandwiched
Summer is finally upon us, and with the seasonal shift come the obligatory outdoor barbecues, the fireworks of July Fourth
19 recipes for making cake in a mug.
Enjoy grilled cheese without the bread -- it's the best way to eat it in the summertime. And not just any cheese, but halloumi
You can pry our summer produce out of our cold, dead hands.
Massaging kale is easy to do. Take bunches of kale in both hands -- with the fibrous ribs removed -- rub them together and
Taste, aroma, sight, feel and sound all contribute to the eating experience -- we smell food before we see or taste it, and
Do you know the difference between a paring knife and a bread knife? What about which knife is best to use for fish and which
With these fresh flavors, you won't want to eat anything else.
A UK study has ranked the most dangerous vegetables by how many injuries they cause in the kitchen. The study found that
We promise that this vegetable did not come from an alien planet.
Cheese puffs. Cheese doodles. Cheese curls. Cheesy puffs. Or, if you're a South Park fan, Cheesy Poofs. Whatever you call
While we're big fans of summer, there are some things we could do without (bugs!). But we definitely couldn't do without
We're skewering everything from salads to snacks, main courses to dessert.
It's a vicious cycle
This weekend, honor your pops by making him a delicious drink. Here are a few of our favorites. You can thank us later. Cheers!
Jell-O has never been so fancy.
From fresh salads to grilled veggies and seasonal gratins, we've got eight festive dishes to round out your barbecues all summer long.
Indeed, the researchers found both through their own work and previous studies that nicotine is present in many human foods
Forget about giving Dad another banal tie rack, or a new wallet, or even a nice bottle of cologne -- get him what he really wants. How about some grilling tools?
When you think of New England cuisine, one of the first things that come to mind is the lobster roll -- succulent, sweet
Grilled chicken is one of those things that many people do amazingly right or horribly wrong -- that's especially true when
These recipes are almost foolproof.
While well adored for her style and grace by many, we quite like Audrey Hepburn for her ability to crack an egg -- with one
Cooking can be a little tricky. You have to deal with sharp knives and onions that make you cry. There's also the fear of
It happens every year. When the weather gets warmer, we crave lighter foods. But there are only so many salads we can eat
Do we really need to throw food away by the date printed on the carton? If not, how long do we have before it really goes bad? And what does 'going bad' really mean?
When it comes to cooking for Father's Day, we have an inkling that dad's favorite foods will involve some nice juicy meat
On Father's Day, make a toast to your dad with a great manly cocktail. We've put together a selection of our favorite dad
Are you often disappointed with your cooking? Do you follow all your recipes to a tee and still don't quite get it right
By now, you probably already know that chocolate chip cookies were created by a glorious accident, but it's an accident that's
For Father's Day, give the gift that keeps on giving with these family cookbooks, written by celebrity chefs who are also
Warning
This little fruit makes some bold dishes.
So you think your dad is special, huh? Then what better way to show it that than to cook him a burger that's as special as he is.
The best way to savor juicy, tangy ribs
Dad, we feel for you. We know you love burgers, steaks, mashed potatoes and all the other things we always try to feed you
We think you can never have too much of a good thing.
Recipes you'll want to be drinking all summer long.
Something about summer makes us want to add tons of fish, preferably freshly caught, to our diets. But then comes the question
Paella, a signature Spanish dish, is a specialty of Valencia. During the summer there, crowds of people come together for
This recipe captures spring for me, and today I have just-picked spinach, fresh, fresh eggs, organic local milk, feta cheese, and ramps -- my new favorite flavor.
It's amazing what a little spice can do.
Wonderfully squishy on the inside, fresh and milking tasting, this cheese comes close to what you'd eat in Italy.
The aroma of the barbecue is an alluring one -- hamburgers, steaks and hot dogs on the grill are a common summer sight to
The summer brings with it a bounty of fresh berries and stone fruit, all of them perfect for turning into irresistible pies
A little bit of fresh herbs can go a long way in a recipe. They pack a ton of flavor, and cilantro is no exception. Its bright
We put 8 brands of chocolate sandwich cookies to the test to see which ones our panel of testers liked the best. To make
As you wipe the sand off your toes and start to ponder dinner, you're sorry to leave the beach. So don't. These simple, seafood pastas take your tastebuds out to sea.
What would chocolate chip cookies be without chocolate chips? If it wasn't for Ruth Wakefield, who in 1937 chopped up a Nestle
Cooking isn't easy -- even home cooks who love spending time in the kitchen know that. It takes practice, patience and a
In the summer, the last thing most people want to do is slave over a hot oven, even if it's the perfect season for desserts
Freezing food is pretty easy to do. You realize you're not going to eat something within the next couple of days, so rather
Unlike its citrus siblings lemon and orange, lime brings a balance of sweet and sour to a drink. That's why it's an essential part of tropical classics like the Daiquiri and Margarita.
When it comes to beer, the container it comes in holds a lot of sway -- the debate between cans vs. bottles is an ongoing
Kittiwat is the son of a baker and has been making such creations since 2006. In 2010, he explained to CNN why he does it
11 tricks every imbiber should know.
There are times when we walk the line and indulge in questionable foods. Two-for-one steak dinners at a local rest-stop diner
Correct yourself -- and bake better cakes.
Granola is so easy to make, it's almost a crime to buy it ready-made.  Although it may not be less expensive than store-bought, you can customize the homemade version and it tastes so much fresher.
We've rounded up a handful of cocktail and mocktail recipes that offer decidedly modern takes on the classic cooler.
Bacon has a large, loyal fan base that has a deep love for this breakfast meat. People just can't get enough of it. So it's
Unless you have a brand new or regularly calibrated oven, chances are your oven's temperature is not accurate. You may set
Americans buy chicken more than any other food, which means we're eating chicken more often than any other meat for dinner
This is one fruit you want to take advantage of.
For when a campfire is not an option.
How it'll work
Just remember three simple rules -- freeze cool, freeze fast and freeze airtight. This recipe is just about freezer proof and worth your time.
While we all wait for tomato season to arrive, there are plenty of bottled Bloody Mary mixes on the market, and there's a version out there for everyone.
Pizza has never been better.
Everyone loves a deal, especially so when it comes to grocery shopping. The allure of saving without using coupons has lured
My assumption, in ordering a wholesome-looking, berry-studded muffin virtually every day, was that I was making a healthy choice. It turns out, however, that that's not necessarily the case.
There's no way around it, we have to spend our hard-earned money on food. And since our option is to either comply or starve
Each layer more glorious than the last.
We love a bone-chillingly cold Martini as much as the next cocktail fan (or British super-spy). But the world of gin drinks is, of course, much, much bigger than just this one famous concoction.
As always, this taste test is not sponsored or influenced by the brands involved. If you love iced tea, you have two options
Have a pound cake lying around your kitchen? Throw it on the grill. If you don't have one of those at the ready, get baking
Have you ever stopped to think what makes bread so delicious, airy and light? Yeast -- it's the little guys that help breads
Give the kitchen a rest for the next three months.
To refrigerate after opening or not to refrigerate? That's a question that many of us don't reflect upon enough. We often
Microwaves are mysterious. When they entered the culinary scene some 60 years ago, they altered the way home cooks did things
Sources
Marinating and adding spice rubs to fish and meat before it hits the grill can add some serious flavor to your food, but
It's been more than a year since we first learned Michelle Obama was working on her own gardening and healthy eating book
Get yourself a pile of fresh vegetables, slice a bit, chop a bit -- and ta da! Lunch, dinner, an appetizer, a side dish
Morton's the Steakhouse has been an American fixture for more than 30 years, and there's nothing more iconic than the institution's
Because one just wouldn't be enough.
The word \shrimp\ in a main course promises a dinner that's fast, healthy and protein-packed
When it comes to grocery shopping, we fall into two camps
With the worry that American beef is pumped up with hormones and who knows what else, maybe it is time Americans are taught where the food on their plates comes from.
Anyone who's ever watched a teenager (grudgingly) wash one fork at a time when it's their turn to do the dinner dishes has thought \I wonder if that's really the most efficient use of our resources.\
The more pie the better.
Trust your common sense, your sense of touch and your taste. Don't over cook is the mantra for all fish, especially for shrimp.
When the weather warms up we know it means a number of things. The days will slowly become longer and longer, making the
Place the sealed jars on the thickness of a kitchen towel and allow to rest and cool completely overnight. Preserves will
Saveur Magazine is at it again. We're sure you remember their ten second garlic-peeling trick from a few months ago. Well
This frozen yogurt tastes exactly like something you get at Red Mango or Pinkberry
Each part of the pea plant -- the tiny peas themselves, their shoots, even their pods (which can be simmered to make a broth) -- tastes of the sweet, sunny days of spring.
Memorial Day marks the unofficial start to summer, and we'll be soaking up the long holiday weekend with a batch of warm weather-ready drinks.
Memorial Day signifies the start of summer, and to start it off on the right foot we're throwing a backyard barbecue feast.
Tired of plain old lemonade? These chilled drinks take this classic summer quencher for a spin with the addition of the season's favorite ingredients.
With barbecue season underway, almost everyone in America will be pulling out their grills for some outdoor entertaining
The kitchen is one of the many places we frequent that we want to make sure is clean -- really, really clean. And unluckily
Memorial Day marks the start of the \fun in the sun\ season, so kick it off with an awesome get-together and killer food! Check out our fun menu of recipes for the weekend.
So which brands performed the best? Check out the results below. The flavors that create the barbecue flavor in potato chips
This has probably happened to you at one time or another
Take advantage of what's sure to be a beautiful long weekend (fingers crossed) by firing up the grill and fixing one of these tasty and refreshing cocktails.
Memorial Day marks the unofficial start of summer and grilling season, so no better way to celebrate than a backyard BBQ.
A great cookbook is like a good friend
We can't stop wrapping things in salty ham.
The information for the life span of food items was found on StillTasty.com. If curious about the expiration dates on other
We'd like to urge you to put all those eggs to good use and devil them!
When it comes to grilling, people are pretty divided -- on one side there are those who prefer grilling with gas, and on
Despite its faults, American cheese shines in terms of meltability. In a matter of seconds, heat can morph the cold, rubbery
Tortillas are very handy to have around, whether it's breakfast, lunch, dinner, or dessert, whether you are alone or feeding
Photo credit
Summer is all about steaks, burgers, ribs and all things grilled. But even if you don't have the space or place to grill
Photo credits
Ever since we were little kids, our parents have been drilling it into our heads
When you think of grilling, one of the first foods that come to mind for many people is steak -- a thick, juicy one, ready
WATCH
I grew up eating cardoons, or cardoni, every Spring; my grandmother would braise them, and I was always so fond of their
Turmeric is one of those words that many people feel hesitant when speaking it. It's a bright yellow spice that plays a big
There are some ingredients that get taken for granted and capers top that list. Despite the capers small size, and their
It is simply a lovely spring pasta, and with vegetable broth, a vegetarian one at that. You can use any pasta you like, but I used gemelli, which is a single \s\-shaped strand twisted into a spiral.
It's easy to forget about plums. They're not the most popular of summer fruits. Plums aren't small and cute like blueberries
At farmers markets, vendors are just beginning to display normal-looking fruits with unusual names \u2014 pluots, plumcots, apriums
They're not just for desserts.
And then some.
Candace Nelson is considered by many to be the queen of cupcakes. She's co-owner of Sprinkles Cupcakes, the world's first
Ball games, barbecues and boardwalks all share one very tasty link -- the hot dog. Yet, there are lots of ways to prepare this most crowd-pleasing of treats.
Summer is good for many things, but one of its best qualities is that it gives us free range to indulge in ice cream. What
We know that a bad cup of coffee can ruin your day, and since there are so many ways for this caffeine-loaded beverage to
Beer and margaritas are ideal partners, but it would be a shame to leave Lone Star (or other) wine lovers out in the cold, with nothing to drink along with their fajitas. Here's a quick guide on what to drink with Tex Mex.
Well, any ramp-haters out there will be happy
Strawberries have arrived! They have finally burst into the stands of the Greenmarket, gracing us with their sweet and delicate perfume.
We owe a lot to the deep-fryer. It brought us fried chicken, doughnuts and onion rings (among many other favorite foods). We
My fruit sinks to the bottom whenever I add it to cake batter.  It never looks like the picture.  I must be missing something in the recipe.  What am I doing wrong?
Sometimes they're called gherkins, but don't let that stop you -- gherkins, for all intents and purposes, are just another
We should all know by now that Nutella, the insanely addictive chocolate hazelnut spread, is not a healthy food item -- despite
Condiments don't get a lot of love. They're almost never the star player in a favorite dish. But when you can't get your
Crafting a classic burger is simple, right? But that doesn't mean it's easy. We've had too many dried-out discs of near-jerky
Whether our moms (and even grandmas) were culinary geniuses or hated to cook, many of them still found themselves putting
You're welcome. Follow Us On Pinterest | Like Us On Facebook | Follow Us On Twitter For many of us, making dinner is an afterthought
Burgers have never gone out of style, but they sure are having their moment in the foodie spotlight these days. They're no
Here are seven reasons to give chicken breasts a chance -- 7 ways to turn a blank slate into a wonderful meal.
There are a few major food magazines that most people know of. They can provide some great content and we love looking through
Too many students leave college without any knowledge of how to cook for themselves. Learning how to microwave instant ramen is not a cooking skill.  When we enter the real world, we need to be able to provide for ourselves.
Sabl\u00e9s are delicate, sweet or savory,\u00a0butter-laden crisps. This version would be a simple, elegant appetizer with cocktails or for a dinner party and a nice savory for an afternoon tea.
No backyard barbecue is complete without this dish.
Some people swear by holding a piece of bread in your mouth while cutting onions. Others say cutting them next to a candle or under running water helps. After trial and error, below are a few tips I've found that really work.
Where can you find the world's biggest burger? With fierce competition, it's hard to keep up, so here are the most recent claimants to the record.
If you're like us, you've probably eaten an entire bowl of hummus at one time or another -- it's just that good. Most consumers
It's not hard to come across someone who hates at least one type of vegetable (if not many). Brussels sprouts are commonly
While nachos are often served at Mexican-American restaurants, they're not a typical Mexican dish. And even though nachos
With an excitement for spring and a strong love for rhubarb, we set out looking for the best, most delicious rhubarb recipe
Most of us know broccoli as a relatively boring side dish -- when it's just steamed or boiled, it can be bland and mushy
Now with \pink slime,\ hormones, antibiotics and steroids in our meat, people are wondering more and more about what's really in our food. Try some of these vegan options and see if you are not just as satisfied.
When you're in need of a quick meal, shrimp is the way to go. It can cook as quickly as two minutes, and almost never takes
My kids love Italian wedding soup. Not just because they are half-italian, but also simply because it's yummy. But the smell of that soup from a can, or even from the giant vat at the supermarket, smells like bad vitamins to me.
Whether you're planning a simple breakfast in bed or elaborate spa treatments for your wife or mom, there's one thing she definitely deserves this Sunday
Let Mom sleep in on Sunday and treat her to a delicious homemade breakfast. Here are ten sweet and easy recipes the whole family will love.
Whether you surprise her with breakfast in bed or a leisurely brunch, here are nine ideas for a feast that will leave everyone contented, well fed, and wishing every day was Mother's Day.
By selecting the right things to put in your cart and the right ones to put back on the shelf, you can painlessly slash big bucks from your grocery bills. Here's my simple guide to what to buy and what to skip to save money at the grocery store.
When you talk to chefs about food, you're going to hear about family.  Culinary school may be where they learned to cook for us, but at home is where they learned to eat.
We know we shouldn't. We know it's not great for our health; nor does it help maintain a clean work place. But, it's hard
How did your favorite mint chocolate ice cream rank? Leave a comment below. Whether you call it mint chocolate chip, mint
Recently, restaurant Noma in Copenhagen snagged the top spot on the S. Pellegrino list of The World's 50 Best Restaurants for the third year in a row. So what's the secret to culinary world domination?
The most common place you'll find lettuce is in a salad bowl, but if that's gotten old we've got some recipes for you. Since
According to Josh Chetwynd, author of the book, \How the Hot Dog Found Its Bun,\ there are two main claims to the title of
I matched the already perfect salty treat, peanut butter, whipped up a chocolate ganache to put on top and then crusted it with pretzels, and quickly found my new favorite dessert.
The time to break out your slightly rusty, charcoal-laced grill has come. And while Americans are busy firing up their swank, larger-than-life cookers and grilling up organic bison burgers and flame-kissed baby back ribs, other cultures heat up their own version of a barbecue.
With everyone making such a fuss over the buffalo wing soda produced by The Rocket Fizz Soda Pop & Candy Shops, we decided
With Mother's Day approaching, many of us have mom on the mind. Memories of our mothers are often dominated by food, especially
With less than a week to go, we're closing in on Mother's Day. In the spirit of crunch time, we've searched our archives high and low for DIY gifts that will make for happy mothers everywhere.
American-Chinese cuisine has a lengthy repertoire -- a typical menu at a Chinese restaurant can easily exceed over 60 dishes
All well-made cocktails are meant to bring out many different flavors on your palate. Just think about some of the best cocktails
One obligation that almost all mothers share is having to feed their kids -- and though we wish we saw more TV dads whipping
You know those kinds of recipes that are so spectacular that they don't even require a recipe? Well strawberries and cream
Did you ever swap an ingredient in a recipe with something similar, hoping nothing would change? But you found the recipe
Mushrooms are a surprisingly versatile ingredient -- they make their way into our breakfast, lunch and dinner. And their
Ranch dressing
Kimchi has been making an impact on the food scene -- the spicy fermented cabbage condiment/side dish has branched out beyond
Do you ever wonder why we're supposed to drink wine from wine glasses, beer from beer glasses or brandy from brandy glasses
With Cinco de Mayo around the corner, we've planned a Mexican fiesta full of spicy cocktails, guacamole, tacos, and more!
Place your bets, put on your finest hat, and make room for a smashing Derby Day feast. We've got plenty of Bourbon (for drinking and cooking with) and other Kentucky favorites.
Like some rare astrological phenomenon, both the Kentucky Derby and Cinco de Mayo fall on Saturday. So we combed our recipe library for tequila and bourbon concoctions.
WATCH
We're already picking out our hats and julep cups.
What better to celebrate the approaching season (and Cinco de Mayo!) with a margarita-esque cocktail? You've got your salty and sweet and that amazingly fresh citrus.
Pizza has been getting a little out of control lately, and if you ask us, we love it. There's a time and a place for everything
Saturday is Derby Day, which means it's time to make some Mint Juleps! The pre-Prohibition refresher has long been the official cocktail of the Kentucky Derby.
For more from Maria Rodale, go to www.mariasfarmcountrykitchen.com For years I lived in tiny Manhattan apartments with microscopic
Beer plus citrus, plus hot sauce, plus tomato juice equals instant summer refreshment.
It's hard to remember a time when Mexican food (or at least Tex-Mex food) wasn't big, but today Mexican is as popular as
Almost as satisfying as eating a good meal is looking at photos of delicious dishes. Sure, we don't get to enjoy the flavor
You can hardly find one bad thing whispered about this particular seasoning -- that is, unless you read the writings of Mark
Saturday is Cinco de Mayo! While I can't vouch for the authenticity of any of these dishes, if you're partying this weekend, you'll want to be cooking, too.
Hunger is caused by poverty and inequality, not scarcity. For the past two decades, the rate of global food production has increased faster than the rate of global population growth.
The problem is, you've been eating the same foods, with the same flavor combinations, for years. For some of us that equates
And somehow, that makes them incredibly delicious.
From asparagus to peas to avocados, the markets have come alive with beautiful spring produce. Here are 12 easy vegetable recipes to celebrate the season.
In honor of the Mexican holiday Cinco de Mayo on Saturday, Food & Wine editors tasted over 25 kinds of tortilla chips and just as many varieties of jarred salsa to create this buying guide.
\Bon Appetit\ editor-in-chief Adam Rapoport has a method he learned in Liguria, Italy, where pesto originates. What he does
How you can enter
With Cinco de Mayo right around the corner, what better time than now to learn about the world of Mexican beverages? Most
1. Mom's Best Dishes Some moms have a Donna Reed-like propensity for putting a homemade three-course dinner on the table
We've watched the days get lighter, felt the sun get warmer. We've been going to the farmers' market, eagerly grabbing (and gobbling) those hallmarks of spring
No matter which horse you're rooting for, it just wouldn't be the Kentucky Derby without a Mint Julep. The icy-cold concoction is the perfect combination of mint, bourbon and a touch of sweetness.
Cookbooks can make our mouths water, teach us about different foods and inspire us to get moving in the kitchen -- that's
Spending even just a couple of minutes watching the bartending wizards behind today's best cocktail dens is enough to make any aspiring home bartender feel a little inadequate.
All of them taste like spring.
Make it a habit to spend 30 minutes on the weekend to sit down and dream up some dishes for the coming week.
Should you drink if you are being toasted?  When my mother toasted our engagement, I said \thank you\ by raising my glass and sipping. My fianc\u00e9 didn't drink.
A good knife is no ordinary kitchen utensil -- it's your right hand in making meals possible -- so you must treat it with
There's more to jalape\u00f1os than turning them into poppers.
For far too many imbibers, rum is something that comes in a bottle with a pirate on it, and should be followed by the words \and Coke.\ It breaks my heart, it really does.
ALSO SEE
We all have a favorite ingredient -- one that we toss (often inappropriately) into our recipes or that we douse on all of
To prepare and store pea shoots, there are just a couple of things to know. Since they are a delicate green, it's best to
Iceberg who?
Now that spring has sprung, loading up on more fresh veggies, and that has me thinking about the best way to store them to keep them at their freshest.
Ramps, like other onions, are an underground bulb with long, tall green grasslike stalks. Ramps are much smaller than leeks, more like scallions, but the leaves are flatter.
Amazingly addictive, this soup is a great weekend one-dish supper and freezes well.  It has a few steps, but the result is well worth the effort.
If you like playing with flour, or putting frosting on whatever you can get your hands on, you're most definitely an avid
\u00a9 Photos courtesy of the California Avocado Commission. www.CaliforniaAvocado.com. MEXICANA These avocados are typically
Craft beer has been experiencing a renaissance for quite some time now. And while we certainly aren't complaining about this
A traditional Spanish meal is made up of tapas, or, in other words, small plates
There are way more than you think.
We've heard of no-bake cakes before, but this is on a different level. Submitted to Vimeo by Alan Travers, the video shown
We're fully ready to welcome spring's bounty, and to do so, we will be cooking a feast, a light Greenmarket feast full of recipes highlighting the best of this season's fruits and vegetables.
At this point, pretty much everyone is aware of what Pinterest is; and if you're a \pinner,\ you're definitely aware of its
As a vegetarian, or someone who is trying to eat less meat, a veggie burger makes a quick and easy meal (even easier than
We now know what foods you, our readers, absolutely despise the most, but we also want to know which foods' aromas make you
Compared to Louisiana, other states have it easy. Sure, Louisiana is home of the Big Easy, but we are also parents to some of the most precious cuisines in the world.
Image courtesy of detzelpretzel, Flickr. What type of cookware do you prefer to use? Let us know below. First, you should
Photo by Flickr user Stuart Conner. \Cooking with cereal is, you know, it's fun. It's like being a kid again,\ Klein told
When I discover a dish that the whole family enjoys, it's practically cause for celebration. Here are five such dinners that have made it into our regular rotation -- and they're easy to boot!
All you need is five ingredients and a few hours (to let it sit) and you're good to go. If you bring them somewhere to share, though, be warned
If you've ever had an incredibly rich brownie or slice of chocolate cake, chances are a secret ingredient was used in that
Trust us, you want to be familiar with all of them.
Sources If you're not up for making your own dulce de leche, you can easily find it already made. It's available at nearly
I used to have a love-hate relationship with boneless, skinless chicken breast. On the love side, it's a lean, healthy protein but, its flavor is so mild and it always seemed to be dried out from being overcooked.
For far too long, rum didn't get a fair shake from drinkers in America. The spirit was sadly associated with overly sweet and fruity creations. But today, the liquor is experiencing a revival.
When it doubt, panini press it.
Remember what mom would give you to drink when you were a sick kid? It was probably ginger ale. But ginger ale isn't only
Tayto's first potato chip flavor was Cheese & Onion (which is still a big seller in Ireland today) and then he released Salt
Without a doubt there are good knives for modest money. New knife technology's taken knives no serious cook would touch years ago into the pro's class.
This spring was all about the early harbingers. The abnormally warm weather, the insects, and the March 20 cherry blossoms
Earth Day is April 22, and if you're looking to toast the occasion, we have a few cocktail ideas that call on fresh flavors and garden-grown ingredients--you can even go all out with organic spirits and mixers.
There's one thing we want to make clear before we begin. You don't need a fancy deep fryer or mandoline to make these crisp
Also See
Nachos aren't just reserved for game days and sports bars -- they also make a quick and tasty dinner option. You certainly
Know your waters, once and for all!
Experimenting With Flavor Finding The Perfect Ratio A simple syrup doesn't have to stop there -- you can flavor it with herbs
So your body may not have been in top-notch condition for spring break, but there's still time to get that bikini bod by summertime!
Who needs bread when you've got arepas? Crunchy and crisp on the outside, soft and airy on the inside, you have to try them
Do as the Romans do, and whip up a spring-inspired feast, a menu that teases the most out of spring's vast bounty. Buon appetito!
Bitters are made from high-proof alcohol or glycerin with barks, fruit peels, roots, seeds, spices, herbs, flowers or other
Mangoes season is upon us!
Since Workman is a working mother herself, she writes a blog (and also blogs for us also at HuffPost Kitchen Daily) and is
Our week of dinners for under $100 has come to a close. Here are a few tips I gathered in the process of creating the dishes.
For recipe inspiration using fava beans, check out our gallery. Do you cook with fava beans? Leave a comment. Our suspicion
Get some before they're gone!
But there's another mixed drink that's even more popular, especially with teens (yes, kids drink in Spain!). It's called
Do you like Swiss cheese? Leave a comment. That bacteria, more specifically P. shermani, releases carbon dioxide when it
The one word -- pudding -- can bring back memories of school lunches, of elegant dinner parties, of restaurants and meals both humble and grand.
Co-chefs Lee Hanson and Riad Nasr explain how to master potatoes at home by identifying and troubleshooting the most common mistakes.
If there's any food that should be questioned, you'd think that a string-able cheese would be high on the list. It's a cheese
For years now we've been beaten over the head by restaurant experts on how to properly pair wine with our foods. And we've
Also see \A History of Champagne Glasses\. So, if we take this into account, it seems like someone must have confused the
Whether it's simple club soda or classy Champagne, a splash of something fizzy is the secret to making a lovely springtime drink you'll want to sip all afternoon long.
Stay tuned for our next recipe contest. This time we won't be looking for one specific recipe, but just the tastiest, most
When you're planning a party -- it could be a housewarming or a frat party (don't worry we won't judge!) -- that requires
WATCH
How do you feel about soppressata? Leave a comment. But don't rush off and throw out your huge stash of soppressata, because
As long as you use the best ingredients, and adjust them according to your taste, you can't damage this simple, rustic, flavorful dish.
Another interesting discovery we made is that every single butter-flavored popcorn we tasted is cholesterol-free (because
The weather is getting warmer, and soon soup (or at least hot soup) season will be behind us for the foreseeable months.  But I'm ready to let go just yet.
While we're thankful for its existence and we delight in its indulgence, this dessert wasn't always a thing.
In a sea of neon-lit clubs slinging new-fangled, cavity-inducing shooters topped with cream, blue goo and flames, there are few cocktails still considered classics.
See the dishes other sites have made when pairing chocolate and parmesan cheese. This food pairing isn't just hit or miss
Don't waste your desserts on the wrong sugar.
Lemon is a unifying flavor. Really -- can you name more than like two people who don't like a squeeze on their salmon, some juice in their tea, or a cool, tall glass of lemonade.
One of the things I hear most often about vegan cooking is that this \new food\ is unfamiliar and family members are reluctant to try it because they worry that the food just won't taste good. It just ain't so... and these recipes are proof!
Don't worry, it has nothing to do with those terrible bright red things in Shirley Temples.
We at Food52.com asked you to get together and host mozzarella-making parties the weekend of April 20th (find a party near you here) -- and now, our Associate Editor Kristy Mucci shows you how it's done!
But we haven't told you the best part yet. Arancini is the perfect solution for a quick dinner and a great way to use up
What do you think of white asparagus? Let us know below. Other than color, there's no difference between green and white
Let us introduce you to the classic Brandy Alexander. The rich-and-delicious concoction was invented sometime before Prohibition and was based on an earlier gin cocktail, the Alexander.
Is your wallet lighter after Tax Day? Replenish with five nights' worth of family-friendly dinner menus for less than $20 each.
These crisp, peppery roots thrive in springtime and offer a welcome flash of color to salads, sandwiches and grains.
Just like the drive-in movie theater and the two-dollar bill, soda fountain shops are a thing of the past. While there was
The satisfaction derived from making something so delicious out of a pile of flour and eggs is incredible, and the difference between that and store-bought 'fresh' pasta is night and day.
We haven't forgotten about you, spinach!
What would a baker do without vanilla? Their cookies wouldn't taste as sweet and their custards would be bland. A world without
During the week before Passover begins, on April 6, observant Jews will prepare for the eight-day holiday by removing every piece of chametz (food with leavening) from their homes.
We all know Easter food is all about meat, specifically ham and eggs, but that doesn't leave many options for vegetarians
Leftovers are an inevitable part of the Easter holiday, but what do you do with them all? Do you send your guests home with
After many long, cold months, it's finally time for the start of the new baseball season. We hope you're as excited as we are for its return.
This is not so much a question of which came first, but more so of which is better -- the chick(en) or the egg? We're not
After taking a long look at vintage cookbooks last week, we just couldn't help but wonder what they held behind their covers
But not all instant coffees are created equal. We blind-tasted 20 brands to find out what tastes the best. See the results
An Easter feast is a seasonal given
Start by placing the eggs in a saucepan and pour over with water about an inch above the eggs. Bring the eggs to a boil, cover
Polenta is still a slightly exotic dish in the American home. Those who don't have an Italian heritage may have never tasted
Until the year he told me he craved chopped chicken liver and I was at a loss. Trust me, if you love pate or chopped chicken
Even if dessert is not usually your jam, you know what it's like to have a sweets craving. The need for sweets is real and unavoidable, and it often hits when there isn't much time to be spent slaving over a souffl\u00e9.
\Most people serve lamb or ham at the Easter meal,\ says Food & Wine's Tina Ujlaki. \Sure you can have both, but you don't want to have a very heavy meal that's going to send you straight to bed afterward.\
Like the city it's named for, this classic cocktail is the epitome of urbane sophistication. But that doesn't mean it's difficult to make.
Let chorizo do the work for you.
For one, why they're named after the sound baby chicks make (Peeps), when they aren't always shaped like chicks. Also, how
From sweet to savory, we've got a matzo brei recipe for every mood.
Turns out, as with so many religious events, peoples' Passover traditions are both widely varied and closely held.
When making a stirred cocktail, you'll want to watch the edges of the ice cubes. Once they've lost their sharpness and the
We see a lot of eggs come Easter time, but the egg that reigns supreme during this spring-time holiday is without question
Making Passover dinner takes a bit of planning, but it doesn't have to be a chore. Find out how to make it a pleasurable experience.
Place the butter in a small saucepan over low heat until just melted. Immediately remove from the heat and stir in the honey
Eggs are some of the most basic and necessary ingredients in many recipes, but they're just as enjoyable on their own -- fried
We're sure you've all heard about Pinterest by now, and are aware of its highly addictive qualities. It's a great social
If you've ever had bacon, sausage, prosciutto, country ham or corner beef, then you've had cured meats before. Curing is
As soon as winter is over we immediately look forward to all the wonderful vegetables that will soon be stocked in the markets
Marinades are complicated. Most important, never, ever reuse a leftover marinade because it can have harmful bacteria.
We all know that eating poultry is a good, lean source of protein, which is why it's a go-to meal for many of us. But chances
With Easter and Mother's Day just around the corner, you know nothing says \Happy Easter\ or \Thank you for taking care of me, Mom\ quite like a happy brunch between family and friends.
Here are eight dinners with five ingredients or less -- most of them quick, all of them deeply satisfying.
The flours you should be using and when to use them.
Looking at old black and white photographs of your parents (and learning that they once sported major bell-bottomed pants
Before you read the taste test results, let's find out what exactly makes root beer taste like root beer. Here's a list of
There are so many different types of salmon, which is loaded with heart-healthy, brain-boosting omega-3 fats, and ways to serve them that it would be hard for me to get bored with this fish.
Sometimes life calls for a filet, a tender, luxurious cut of meat that says \good job, laddie, you deserve a treat.\  This recipe calls for petite filets, a tidy, juicy shoulder cut of beef.
Around Easter, my thoughts turn to cooking lamb. Because I love the warmth and earthiness of a curry, I asked Raj Vaidya
Do you like chocolate chip cookies? Do you have the greatest chocolate chip cookie recipe? Are you willing to prove it? If
It's no longer the lesser green.
Fresh ricotta is delicious on bread, in cannoli, lasagna, on veggies, or as part of an antipasto platter -- wherever a creamy, cheesy addition would be good.
In honor of cheeses everywhere, I thought I'd take some time to mention some of my favorite stinkies, as in, they stink so good.
Mint encompasses everything we love about spring.
Have you ever made vinegar? Let us know below. How To Make Vinegar Have you ever wondered if you could make vinegar at home
Spring is in the air, which means it's time to pull out the patio furniture and gear up for some warm-weather imbibing.

Recycling is an effort that many of us make -- we make sure to deposit our glass bottles, aluminum and plastic in the correct
We're forever grateful.
It's finally spring! Here at Kitchen Daily we're so excited we almost can't keep it together. We've been so tired of eating
While some people enjoy buttermilk as a beverage in other parts of the world, in the U.S. we most often use it for baked
Jade's presence is felt throughout the book as Giada shifts out of the baby-food phase and introduces her tot to the family
Spring's just around the corner, let's get a jumpstart on it.
According to many New England natives, there are actually five seasons in a year
With its delicate, creamy texture and mild sweetness, ricotta is a wonderfully versatile ingredient. It tastes luxurious on its own, but it can also lend richness to pastas and a grounded rustic quality to desserts.
While many classic drinks -- the Martini, Manhattan and Old Fashioned, for example -- \ndate back more than a century, there's one cocktail just about any bartender will know that's not even 30 years old.
As consumers demand ever more information about their chicken, producers and government regulators have responded with labels that are supposed to take the mystique out of your bird.
Slow saut\u00e9 onions and their sugars blossom. Fast saut\u00e9 the onions so they brown quickly and you bring out their brash, deep, meaty tasting sides.
With the Passover seder just a couple of weeks away, it's not too early to start thinking about the details. While many people
Let's enjoy asparagus every way we can think of this spring.
I recently hosted a small luncheon in honor of my 91-year old grandmother. To make it special, I enlisted the help of a dear friend, Beth Horta, the florist, author and photographer behind the beautiful blog Sweet Sabelle.
Reportedly, cheeses were inscribed with lines such as \Here lies Blodwen Evans, aged 72.\ If you ask us, that's one loaded
Artichokes can seem pretty intimidating -- they're big, green, bulbous and prickly. If this keeps you from buying them fresh
There aren't many indigenous local D.C. dishes, but there is one concoction the locals proudly claim as their own
Usually served straight up, chilled or on the rocks (at times with a slice of citrus, too), the aperitif is a simple start
Some habits can be tough to break. When it comes to cooking, you may have some bad habits that you're not even aware of.  So, here are 10 common bad cooking habits that you should break.
Easter eggs turned chocolate in the 19th century, and were produced mainly in France and Germany. The production of these
Though the cocktail may be an American invention, some of our favorite drinks require ingredients from all over the world.
Click through the gallery below to see our chocolate chip recipes and watch a video from Alton Brown on how to achieve all
Is there really that much of a difference? Find out.
With busy week following busy week, sometimes we've got to transcend such whatever's-in-the-fridge minimalism and make slightly more involved dinners.
\Beef
What would we do without salt? If you think about it, salt, both as an ingredient and as a mineral, has been very important
And yet today, we take our freezers for granted; the funny thing is, we don't even know how to fully take advantage of them
Here are our tips for buying, cleaning, and preparing shrimp (keep reading after the slideshow). For Frozen Shrimp If you're
Shrimp is making a comeback.
Advantages and Disadvantages Instant rice gives you the ultimate convenience, a warm meal in just minutes. But, there are
When no longer firm enough to enjoy fresh, bananas take on dramatic flavor that carries far. It's like a second career as a lounge singer instead of receptionist.
Take all the cheesy goodness of pepperoni pizza and combine it with the savory flakiness of one of the best baked goods ever invented, and you've got pepperoni pizza scones.
I totally love cows. That's why I don't eat them. But I'm not here to go all PETA on you. If we raised -- and ate -- less livestock, we'd have more arable land to devote to growing food for human consumption and be able to start putting the brakes on climate change.
The type of meat eating that I am defending is the occasional consumption of animals that have been raised on pasture in limited numbers and where the practice mimics that of nature and treats the animals (and slaughters them) humanely. In this limited capacity, I think meat eating can be MORE responsible than vegetarianism for reasons that impact the environment, our health, culture, history and morality.
When you run out of time for dinner, pizza is a great option. It tastes good, is a crowd-pleaser and is nice on your wallet
Spring is the perfect opportunity to renew your ideas about beer and to clean out old misconceptions by exploring craft beer in new, different and creative ways.
HuffPost
The simple but elegant cocktail can be made with your choice of gin or cognac, and is topped with some Champagne.
What to look for
One-pot meals are the gastronomical equivalent of the friend that everyone likes to have around -- they're pleasant, flexible, low-key and great with crowds.
Rainbow cakes have been all the rage these days -- and with good reason. They're super gorgeous and super delicious. But why has everyone been neglecting Rainbow Cake's cuter, younger sibling
What's your favorite sushi? Leave us a comment below. How To Eat Sushi Rice is the basis for much of sushi -- a special short
Spring is officially in the air and that means Easter isn't far behind. With flowers and trees beginning to bloom, it's definitely
And if thinking about waffles got you craving the other breakfast favorite, pancakes, check out Jamie Oliver's Genius Pancake
Do not cross your chopsticks or stick them upright into a bowl of food, because it resembles the \feeding the dead\ ritual
Tonnato sauce is a mayonnaise-based sauce with canned tuna, often flavored with anchovies, super flavorful, quite rich and pleasingly retro.
There are many reasons to celebrate this Saturday
Proteins from plants, such as beans, legumes and grains, are incomplete proteins. That means that in order to get everything
How do you create a stupendous lemon curd? Are you supposed to cook it in a saucepan or in a bowl over boiling water?
Our panel of tasters blind-tested 16 different brands of granola, including a few low-fat versions, which we were surprised
Take a break from the standard corned-beef-and-cabbage fare this St. Patrick's Day, and celebrate another highlight of Irish culture -- its beer.
Blended whiskey contains both malt whiskey and grain whiskey. It's the most common kind of whiskey available. Brands include
Guinness -- it ain't just for drinking! This St. Patrick's Day, Endless Simmer has not only 100 ways to cook with Guinness, but we've also created three delectable desserts.
If you've ever been known to get behind a taco, burrito, or chips from Chipotle Mexican Grill, then you've probably enjoyed
From a spiced rum-spiked beer cocktail to pillowy, stout-flled whoopie pies, here are five delicious recipes sure to have Irish eyes smiling.
There are a lot of ways to celebrate St. Patrick's Day, and drinking yourself under the table is only one of them.
The countdown to St. Patrick's Day fun has begun, and it's time to start whipping up the green food if you haven't already.
Surprisingly, corned beef and cabbage is not an Irish tradition. Corned pork and cabbage is more common in the Emerald Isles.
It's all about the chicken Is there any difference in the shell? Is there any difference in the yolk? Some people say that
If someone asks for pickles and ice cream -- at the same time -- they'll often get a raised eyebrow and a whole lot of judgement
Emerald is such a rich shade of green, we'd love to see it more often. So in an attempt to enjoy this color for the entire
There's something beautiful about a pan of baked pasta. It's hot. It's cheesy. And it has that crusty cap crowning the top of it, the accessory that mere bowls of pasta can't match.
Since 1914, the slogan and the girl (both company trademarks) have been pasted on their salt product and sold all across
From Gilt Taste I like the edible parts of everything. I have a particular commitment, though, to the underappreciated leaves
Easter was my favorite holiday as a kid. I think it was the tradition of dyeing hard-boiled eggs that I looked forward to
Do you know about the 119-second pour?
Any Irishman or woman will tell you that breakfast is the most important meal of the day in Ireland. They really know what
Let's explain why stainless steel works. What do you do to get rid of the garlic smell from your hands? Leave us a comment
Add 1/4 cup black or green olives, pitted and chopped Add 2 tablespoons capers Add 1 to 2 anchovy fillets, mashed Add 1 can
So here it is
It's hard enough getting out of bed in the morning. Why should making a healthy breakfast be any harder? While non-morning
Have you had one of those days -- or even one of those weeks -- when you just want to hit something? And to add to your frustration
Spring's in the air -- it's time to get a handle on lamb.
Your kitchen should have at least two cutting boards, one wood and one plastic. A wood cutting board is the best for prepping
Do you like coconut water? Leave a comment below. Touting natural health benefits similar to what you'd get with a sports
As much as you want to spend a few months curled under a blanket eating something a) warm b) cheesy c) carbohydrate-laden or d) all of the above, it's a shame to miss out on this season's perfect vegetables.
Keeping wine over or near the refrigerator, range or microwave Keeping wine over or near a heater Keeping wine standing upright
If you're trying to make small changes to your diet to skew a little healthier, buying whole wheat pasta is a good place
The fruits and veggies that most often get mistreated are onions, potatoes and tomatoes. (And the banana too, but we won't
You should be making these all year round.
Absinthe is perhaps the world's most misunderstood spirit. The anise-flavored, herb-infused liquor was banned in countries around the world soon after the turn of the 20th century.
We eat it at every birthday, every holiday, at graduations and weddings. Any chance to label something a celebration, we
With \The Hunger Games\ movie out, what better time than now to relive the trilogy? And what better way to relive it than
Twenty editors blind taste-tested the two colas, side by side, and found ... Pepsi has been creating soft drinks since 1898
Make your own veggie chips and you can control the salt, oil and method of cooking. Try the following recipes for crispy, crunchy baked vegetable treats that the whole family will love.
I'm going to use some time-saving shortcuts to get a healthy dinner on the table for my family and get me a few extra minutes at the end of the day.
Do you love a good grilled cheese sandwich? We do! But sometimes we crave something more than the usual grilled cheese made
I must admit, my coffee routine has gotten a bit boring. Every morning since high school, the first thing I do when I wake up is brew a cup of coffee.
Experienced cooks may not find much new in these tips. But for those who find the array of cooking oils in the grocery store to be mystifying, if not confounding, these tips may help.
With the hundreds upon hundreds of spices available today, it's easy to forget about how important they were once considered
How To Sprout
During the week, breakfast is a tough meal to get a handle on. We know that it's the most important meal, yet it competes
Mexican Coke
Everyone knows that lemons add lots of flavor to food, whether it's sweet or savory, but typically recipes only call for
Partially Hydrogenated (Palm Kernel and Cottonseed) Oil As we previously outlined, partially hydrogenated vegetable oils
If you've never had a home bar and are unfamiliar with drinks, the first thing to understand is the lingo. Two terms are
Unfortunately, buying fish is not like buying chicken, pork or beef. There are countless varieties and what ends up in a
Home made corned beef can be cheaper than store-bought. And it's easy. And you can customize it. Once you've had the real deal, you can't go back. It just takes time. So start now.
We all love the instant ramen out of the packet, sometimes even with the MSG-laden flavor packet (we should know better, right
Designed to compete with British biscuit cookies, Oreos were introduced in New York on March 6, 1912. Above, see the evolution
This dish is one of the most popular in Thailand, and in Thai restaurants throughout the world for excellent reason. It's amazing.
Unfortunately, we have no control over the weather, but there is one way we know of to make it seem like winter is over
In each of the past three years, sales of Greek yogurt have boomed more than 100 percent. The frozen foods market has jumped
Dirty, dry, wet, shaken, stirred -- we've got the full low down.
I have made it my mission to figure out how to make French toast (and make it healthier) at home. Here are my secrets to perfect, healthier French toast
Do you have any unique uses for peanut butter? Leave us a comment below! (Just one tip
Each one of them sweeter than the next.
We love taco night at our house. In fact, we love taco night so much, that we've created other nights of eating virtually the same food but under a different name.
One of the best uses I've found for arugula is in a recipe I first tried back in 1993. The recipe is in one of Paticia Wells' first cookbooks called, \Trattoria.\
Basic but very good, this recipe will start you off. Once you've done it a few times, spread out to substituting broccoli and cauliflower for the greens
Let me tell you about my cast-iron pan. I bought it when I was at a Waldbaum\u2019s in Jersey City, on a rainy night, for the
Have you ever stopped to look at what's in your convenient pudding treat? We all know that it isn't just the simple combination
But lucky for us, there's a simple solution. Those of us who don't have access to a garden of fresh herbs can still cook
Let's take a look at what exactly is in these snacks, in addition to the fruit juices and purees. An average fruit chew snack
A 5-pound bag of flour costs about $3.00 and a canister of baking powder about $2.29. Add to that the amount of eggs and
Near authentic ramen can easily be done at home with a few store-bought ingredients -- even canned broth. A few Asian condiments
We know you love them, but do you know how to handle them?
While spring might not be here quite yet -- the taste of young asparagus and English peas is still slightly out of reach
Banana recipes we love
When buying a fresh pineapple, look for ones that are ripe or in the process of ripening -- a ripe pineapple blushes yellow
More Pancake Recipes Watch the video above (from one of Jamie's Christmas specials) to see, in fact, how easy it is to make
Never eat the same dish twice.
A great cocktail shouldn't have just any ice cubes -- a drink deserves more than the average refrigerator ice cubes from
There's always something about breakfast for dinner that feels like a treat. And after a long day, a big plate of french toast is all that we need.
Let's face it
We bow to the over-the-top fizzy silliness that is Oscar night by offering up not one but nine menus -- one for each Best Picture nominee -- for whatever festivities you have planned.
Another interesting fact about natural peanut butter is that its nutritional label is almost identical to the label on a
We've assembled a list of cocktail recipes as grand as Hollywood's biggest stars. Whip up a round for your Oscar party and we guarantee you'll have just as much fun as anybody at the Kodak Theatre.
Pesto has always been my all time\u00a0favorite\u00a0sauce for pasta, spread for bread and dip for chips. It's so easy to make that I never buy it from the store.
Here are eight of my favorite cheeses to serve at the end of meal, paired to wine or a decadent accoutrement.
The Academy Awards highlight some of the greatest films of the year, calling for a fabulous party to celebrate. With so many glamorous stars and award-worthy films as inspiration, the party possibilities are endless.
Buckwheat flour
Celiac and other gluten-sensitive people may be crying in their millet porridge that wheat-wrapped hoggies are a thing of the past, but this Shiitake BLT wrapped with lettuce will save them from their deli purgatory.
Classic cocktails can be fun, but at Endless Simmer we can never resist the urge to mix things up a bit. That means we can't pass up an alcoholic drink with something new thrown in the mix.
No matter if you're in weirdly-balmy NYC, on the slopes or off the slopes, you could all use some time indulging in all of the joys that skiing (or not skiing) has to offer. Who needs snow when you've got food this good?
Like many converts, I'm now a missionary for my newfound cause -- mortar and pestle guacamole.
When life is very hard, sometimes the best answer is cake. This New York deli treat might have come in handy for nine year old Oskar Schell.
Check your pantry now. Do you have a box of baking soda or a canister of baking powder tucked on a back shelf? It's probably
his Boursin souffl\u00e9 does not stand in for Hugo because a baguette with Boursin cheese is the classic picnic to take on a train. It's more about the alchemy that happens when you combine the right things.
This Coq au Vin is exactly the kind of dish that could get me out of bed at midnight. The taste takes you straight to Paris.
The favourite frozen dessert of Italy has been around for centuries, although it was originally a specialty limited only to royalty. The Medici family held the secret to this delectable dish for a long time.
For a few of us disbelievers, the true appeal in the film lies in the fact that its natural food pairing is a Scotch Egg.
The social structures of 1960's Jackson Mississippi may be difficult for modern audiences to swallow, but this pie isn't. It's a dessert that also plays an important role in the film.
If you need a jolt of caffeine to get you going in the mornings
Recipes we love
Chances are you have a microwave sitting somewhere in your kitchen. They've gotten smaller over the years, but even the most svelte version takes up precious real estate. It's time to put that baby to work.
I love Larabars. They are delicious, dense and high in fiber and nutrients like potassium. Their downside, however, is painful, because their price tag breaks the bank.
We're skipping the uncertainty of cooking for mere nominees and creating a \best of\ buffet that features finger food from movies that have taken home the golden statuette in the past.
This Mardi Gras, put your regular pancake recipe on the back burner, and mix in a few of our sweet and savory favorites.
This cake celebrates the highs and the lows of Stephen Spielberg's War Horse. In it you'll find the apple which Albert (human) first uses to befriend Joey (horse).
Not all of us have the time to cook an elaborate meal for dinner every night. When you factor in the limited time you have
Get the recipe for Cod And Fish Stew With Garlic Bread
Looking for something truly filling to get you through the rest your day? The full breakfast served in the Irish province
EatingWell's editors have identified six easy ways to save money that, when taken together, will put over $250 back in your pocket each month.
Summer's not the only season to enjoy beautiful fresh salads. There's plenty of cold-weather produce, and fruits and vegetables available year round, to make sensational salads in the dead of winter
Butterfinger cupcakes deserve a category of their own. Maybe one titled -- mostly insanely delicious treats you will ever ingest. They're that good.
Mardi Gras is just around the corner, and even though we may not all be celebrating in the Big Easy, we can still get a taste
Do you ever wonder how long you should keep food in your fridge before it goes bad? A package of deli meat, Chinese takeout
This cabbage recipe is not only worth eating, but it's fast, and will squelch boiled cabbage's bad press. 3. Serve it hot
Strawberry jam is one of the ultimate culinary nectars, the result of boiling down fresh seasonal fruit into a bold, jewel
Let the good times roll, or as they say in New Orleans, \Laissez les bons temps rouler!\ Mardi Gras is this coming Tuesday
Take a small cluster of red, seedless grapes and gently toss it in a bowl with 1 tsp. of extra virgin olive oil, sea salt
At Kitchen Daily we're making a food holiday out of Presidents' Day! Formally observed as Washington's Birthday, it's no
A sweet, juicy orange is amazing for eating out of hand or turning into sweets and desserts, but you shouldn't stop there
How do you get the grit out of dried mushrooms? Even after soaking and straining, my super expensive porcini sauce tasted like it had been through a sand storm.
It's cookie time. First it was the Salvation Army ringing the bell outside my local supermarket. Now it's a gaggle of girl
6. Leftovers from Italian night
This recipe uses typically Chinese seasonings, poached meatballs instead of sauteing or baking, resulting in meatballs that are very reminiscent of the inside of a steamed or boiled dumpling.
Many recipes benefit from Meyer lemons, the best being desserts. They're great in pies, tarts and cakes. Savory recipes, from
You've seen them hundreds of times, but do you know what they really are?
I don't even remember the last time I made my husband a romantic dinner for two complete with pink champagne, oysters and other aphrodisiacs. (Do people really do this? On weeknights? Am I alone here?)
We're giving away two $100 gift cards to the home-goods megastore, which -- in case you didn't know -- happens to carry a
We all know the saying \breakfast is the most important meal of the day.\ And well, deep down we know it's true, but we still
Need a little last-minute romance to add to your Valentine's Day? Look no further. Treat your Valentine to an artfully-made cocktail before or after a night out.
These heart-shaped cake pops are the perfect treat for your Valentine.\u00a0 They also make a fun Valentine's Day project for your kids.
Chefs We Love is a Valentine's Day tribute to those who have done great work in the culinary world -- to those who inspire
This herb is transforming your dishes.
If there's a nut worth celebrating, it's almonds. That's because almonds have been a part of human history since ancient
By now, everyone knows what molten chocolate cake is (right???). It's also known as chocolate lava cake or warm chocolate
Nothing says Valentine's Day like chocolate-covered strawberries! Those red, heart-shaped fruits, that melted chocolate, together in one sweet, scrumptious bite.
There's no need to trek out to an expensive restaurant this Valentine's Day; we've got a fool-proof menu for a romantic meal to make at home.
In Australia we have a cookie called Mint Slice and it's absolutely delicious. It's a chocolate cookie topped with a mint cream which is then smothered in dark chocolate.
Even if you aren't into gimmicky cookbooks, we're fairly certain that just about anyone can fall in love with \The Newlywed
Imagine the countertop of your favorite bakery piled high with generous stacks of crunchy cookies marbled with sheets of
Whether you're planning a full romantic weekend or an intimate candle-lit supper with your sweetheart on Tuesday night, you've got to have something delicious to drink.
What kind of sparkling wine do you like to drink? Leave a comment. Our Kitchen Daily editors decided to put some budget-friendly
Have you ever tried a traditional king cake? Leave a comment below. If you want a taste of king cake to celebrate Mardi Gras
Surprise your special someone with one of these delicious desserts -- they're the perfect way to turn a Tuesday night into something special.
When I read the list of ingredients I knew I had to make it. It combines some of my favorite foods
You'll get a lot more than just good luck from your New Years greens. The cruciferous veggies usually found in the stewpot are a concentrated source of good health as well.
hese classy mains (and one dessert) are fancy meals for two that feel a whole lot more romantic than anything you'll order from a restaurant menu.
You want a romantic evening but you don't want to deal with reservations. You want to knock your socks off of your Valentine with your mad, slick kitchen skills. Well, this menu will be your chance to shine and get your romance on.
There is nothing like the scent of freshly baked treats to get you into the winter. Yeah, baking. There's something totally February about baking. Don't you think?
I first came across Lebovitz when scouring the internet for an inspiring pear dessert recipe four years ago. Food blogs were
Before we get to the results, here is a bit of history
Recently, my darling spouse reminded me that we still had 2 packages of Thanksgiving turkey in the freezer.
Go take a look in your spice cabinet. What do you see?\u00a0A half-empty container of powdered ginger that's more yellow mass than powder?
Almond Joy Adapted from Epicurious Yield
What Johnny does is give dessert all the attention it deserves, and he doesn't just put out any cake on a plate. At Restaurant
There are certain ingredients that have long been called aphrodisiacs -- having the ability to fire up passion and desire
Valentine's Day is the perfect opportunity to enjoy a sit-down breakfast with your significant other -- just this one day
It seems most people overwhelmingly choose white meat over dark. No wonder they sell skinless, boneless chicken breast at
With 36 million heart-shaped boxes of chocolate projected to be sold for Valentine's Day, we can confidently say that many
Valentine's is made all the more special when you take the opportunity to show your special someone you care. If you're already
A couple of Tosi's recipes
As the saying goes, the way to someone's heart is through his or her stomach -- so I've compiled a list of simply delicious treats that act as blank canvases for the personal touches and creativity that make a good gifts unforgettable.
Even now, I feel like Julia serves as a guide while I cook, perched on my shoulder, giving me tips and hints for the recipes
Danishes, croissants, pinwheels and more.
Chocolate, chocolate, chocolate! How can anyone resist? The smooth texture and the rich flavor makes this confection worthy
With Valentine's Day right around the corner, we at Kitchen Daily couldn't help but think about love and food. We got to
This recipe is so simple and yet so elegant. Salmon fillets are quickly marinated in Thai sweet chili sauce, soy sauce and ginger and then broiled until caramelized on top.
The Art of Simple Food In The Green Kitchen 40 Years of Chez Panisse
Dorie's App Baking with Dorie What do you think of Dorie Greenspan? Leave us a comment below! Notable Cookbooks by Dorie
One of the foodie new year's resolutions I suggested for 2012 was that we all make more pancakes.
If you're going to be parked on the couch for several hours heavily invested (or not) in a sporting event, might as well have some great food to keep you company.
I love artichoke and spinach dip, especially served warm out of the oven, but a good one is hard to come by.
Plain old beer is a perfectly acceptable drink for a plain old football game. But Sunday is the Super Bowl, and you have to step it up a bit.
We've pulled together five of our favorite, no-fuss food recipes infused with everything from beer to soda to bitters, so that come Sunday you'll be happy no matter which team you're pulling for.
There's so many things to love about Super Bowl Sunday. Foremost it's the big game, of course. Then it's all the food -- wings
Well, this is it. With just one final vote, the king of all the best Super Bowl snack foods will be crowned. Starting with
What ties these three brands together is the fact that they were all purchased by Bimbo Bakeries USA, a subsidiary of Grupo
Are you tired of your breakfast? You probably eat the same thing every day just out of ease or necessity. Well it's about
Typically, snack foods for the Super Bowl are unavoidably heavy on the calories. And if you make them from scratch (\the
In preparation for the big game, I road-tested two highly-extolled onion dips
All of them loaded with cheese.
I've eaten eggs every way you can imagine
10 Super Bowl Classics 8 Super Bowl Drinks 9 Chicken Wings Recipes Frank's vs. Tabasco Buffalo
Round 2 of our Game Day Snacks Bracket Challenge is over, and we witnessed a huge upset. Separated by just a handful of votes
From the classic Bloody Mary to more exotic spirits, we've got you covered for all four quarters. Here are eight drinks to keep you hydrated throughout the big game.
Recipes
Voting is now closed for Round 2! You can still vote below for fun, but know that your votes won't count toward the final
As a native of New England, I had never heard of Frito Pie until a Texas-born co-worker offered me some. And then... wow!
Luckily, Ottolenghi's writings are a good substitute for those of us who live outside of the UK. His weekly column for the
If you are not convinced about converting to the tube, watch the video below for another solution. But alas, there's a solution
Here are nine recipes to give you that kick in the middle of winter, that necessary jolt when it's gray outside.
Chicken Stock Basics Basic stock is what you'll use most in your cooking. It's basically that pale yellow or golden broth
Having a Superbowl get together without dip is like watching a movie without popcorn.  The point escapes me. This is a rich, hearty dip, almost a main course dip, if you will (and why wouldn't you).
Super Bowl Sunday is one of the few days that permits you to lounge in front of the TV and pig out on all the snack food
Be honest -- sometimes you make cupcakes just to eat the frosting.
The two brands are embroiled in a marketing campaign battle at the moment, making the HuffPost Taste editors wonder which
Can't say I love football, but I always love having family and friends over to hang out and watch the game. There's no pressure to make anything elaborate or fancy.
Gochujang is a red chili paste that is made from gochugaru, glutinous rice and fermented soy beans. It's used as a spicy
There's a reason they call it the daily bread -- it's never the same after 24 hours. Fortunately, thrifty cooks are always coming up with ways to make use of whatever's left over.
Everyone has their share of leftovers sitting in the back of the fridge. Whether it's leftovers from this past weekend's
