When you feel like this, it\u2019s important to know you\u2019re not alone.
I can vividly remember the first time I felt fear and frustration around food. I was 10 years old, I had just learned about
Because it's only becoming more of a struggle.
\The only Whole30 I want to participate in is eating a whole 30 cookies.\
Essentially, your hands are kept warm thanks to your body's circulatory system.
Welcome to Money Diaries, where we\u2019re tackling what might be the last taboo facing modern working women
How to cut down on everything from sugar to alcohol to social media.
Mayo Clinic\u00a0researchers show that hysterectomy with ovarian conservation is associated with a significantly increased risk
It\u2019s inevitable that over the years, some friendships are going to come to an end.
Marleying gets it\u2019s name from Marley, the stingy late business partner of Scrooge in \u201cA Christmas Carol.\u201d
\u201cYou wouldn\u2019t eat a plate of food without checking what was on your plate, so you should have that same mentality with your skin care.
There are benefits to banishing the booze.
Hint
\I don\u2019t get these escape the room things. Every social outing after 90 minutes turns into that for me.\
With a new year upon us, there\u2019s an opportunity to take stock of what\u2019s going on in workout music right now. To that end
You know that interview question everyone hates
Sleep tight \ud83d\ude34
News media reported this week that the World Health Organization (WHO) is moving ahead with the inclusion of \u201cgaming disorder
I wish I could them how my family fell apart because of alcohol.
I cannot profess to know why ketogenic diets are the flavor of the week, other than the fact that there always is one of
Hope has turned into happiness for one U.S. couple with the birth of their son last month, following the woman\u2019s successful
The truth is if you are supporting a partner through recovery, you aren\u2019t alone and your recovery matters too.
New year, new you? Possibly, therapists say.
Despite the fact that I have spent more than a decade of holidays without my late-husband and son, every single year I find
While she may be known to most as a bonafide television darling, Bush has had a knack for social advocacy since she was a child.
From traveling to high expectations.
A Texas woman recently gave birth to a boy, thanks to a transplanted uterus. Dr. Zaraq Khan, a Mayo Clinic reproductive endocrinologist
Oh, the holidays. It\u2019s the most wonderful time of the year, at least if Andy Williams is to be believed. It\u2019s also a time
Addiction is a disease that needs help to recover.
1. \u201cHow can you be sad around the holidays?\u201d
Because it was basically impossible to be one this year.
Valentin Fuster, MD, PhD Physician-in-Chief The Mount Sinai Hospital Director of Mount Sinai Heart New U.S. guidelines for
No need to panic.
New guidelines advise people to keep phones \away from the body.\
Cheers to a quality, not-awkward conversation.
Deck the halls with drama. Fat Santa inflatables puff to life on lawns in my neighborhood. Colored lights burn warm around
Some years ago, I found myself at a corporate meeting of Kraft.\u00a0I don\u2019t recall exactly how or why I wound up on that guest
Up to 650,000 people in the world die from seasonal flu each year. This is much higher than the often-used numbers of 250,000
It's normal to feel low this time of year.
Well, this is awkward. \ud83d\ude2c
My friend died from cancer today. His was a short, eight-month-long battle for survival, but it was a brutal one. Now his
The herbal drug \should be legal and available for those struggling with addiction,\ said Rep. Jared Polis.
An additional 10 percent of food dollars were spent on desserts, salty snacks, candy and sugar.
Those of us will illnesses that never quite disappear know moments of calm and comfort are few and far between.
By Katie Heaney A couple of weeks ago, the temperature in New York dropped something like 30 degrees in the span of a day
By Erin Mershon WASHINGTON \u2014 The Food and Drug Administration has, for years, limited the amount of acetaminophen in any
When it comes to flu shots, African-Americans have trust issues. Misconceptions about the effectiveness and trepidation about
More transgender surgical centers mean more options for patients.
Blessed, so Monty Python tells us, are the cheese makers.\u00a0They go on to clarify that this particular Messianic assertion
Yes, even if you're healthy.
By Nancy R. Glassman, M.L.S., M.P.H Recently, the library at Einstein, where I work as a medical librarian, experienced a
By Megan Thielking For decades, it\u2019s been taboo to test medications on pregnant women. But doctors, patients, and public
By Rebecca Robbins Investors searching for a new way to make big money in medicine have hit upon an age-old problem
My patients are struggling to survive the Trump Administration and the GOP Congress. That is not hyperbole or exaggeration
Psychologists give their top five tips for using the app.\ud83d\udcf1
It seems too good to be true.
It\u2019s officially that time of year.
\In an ideal world, it would be best to avoid social activities for 5-7 days after the onset of symptoms.\
The keys are identifying what triggers your emotional eating and adopting practical strategies to respond more healthfully to it.
By Melody Schreiber When Ariyah Georges was born 15 weeks early, she weighed only one pound, 12 ounces. Her mother, Jovan
Could these be any more accurate?
Even if you don\u2019t know Venn diagrams by name, you probably know what one looks like. (They included two circles, side-by
Read this before you call his HR department.
If he truly wants to end AIDS, he seems to be going about it the wrong way.
Don't worry, it's pretty simple.
You're not alone if you feel triggered by all the sexual misconduct reports.
An article just published in the New England Journal of Medicine predicts the future prevalence of obesity among adults in
\u201cI would love to have a peaceful, calm, stress-free time (and mind), with my husband, without a panic attack, feelings of fear or tears.\u201d
\u201cUnexplained infertility.\u201d It\u2019s a maddening diagnosis. Infertility is defined as 12 months or more of natural conception
A new anti-smoking campaign is the result of a major lawsuit win, but it also shows how much power the tobacco companies still have.
\It\u2019s good and big news,\u201d a deputy health commissioner said.
Finding the perfect Christmas tree may be your goal this holiday season, but beware \u2015 chances are, it\u2019s probably filled with
\Because every girl needs a sister.\
The worst truth, though \u2014 the truth I hate to admit to myself \u2014 is that I see other women as competition.
Here\u2019s the sad truth
A Bible belonging to an American soldier serving in World War II has found its way back home after more than 70 years. The
By Hadassah Damien Hustling, freelancing, random day jobs \u2026 after I left home, I was on my own to make it work with my labor
First thing
Make this year about more than just eating with these expert tips.
By Christiane Manzella, PhD Last night, like many \u201cThis is Us\u201d fans, we at the Seleni Institute were anticipating a heart
Have you ever spent time getting things done only to think a bit later that you are not sure if you have actually done them
Beyond the traditional, \What are you most thankful for?\
This kind of dynamic can be hard on any relationship, but especially one like ours in which we both have chronic health issues.
Messages that allude to some bodies being better than others surround people on a daily basis. They\u2019re on TV and red carpets
More than 15,000 scientists from nearly 200 countries have signed their support for a scientific publication reminding humanity
The holidays are a wonderful time of year when families and friends unite in order to celebrate and spend quality time together
\To me, it feels like an elephant is sitting on my chest. The worst feeling, where I almost can't breathe.\
For families who just need one peaceful meal.
If plus-sized women aren\u2019t being hired, they can\u2019t get (or won\u2019t) promoted either.
For some people, a broken heart is very literal.
Mystery solved.
Secret Santas and ugly sweater parties might seem like the highlight of the year, but when you\u2019re suffering from depression
1. Know your family history
As the cancer progressed, it became clear to me that she would pass away before the baby arrived.
A mental health expert breaks down how effective her tips are.
Nobody knows better than the mother of a heroin addict that stigma breeds death.
Let\u2019s turn World Pancreatic Cancer Day from a day of awareness into a day of action.
Deals worth jumping on \ud83c\udfc3
Who knew?
Kristin O\u2019Meara\u2019s story, she says, is one of denial. It began with searing chest pain, a serious symptom Kristin understands
Finally, a justification to do a little less work.
In the words of Destiny\u2019s Child, we are\u00a0so\u00a0ready for this jelly. A\u00a0Dance Your Pounds Off\u00a0instructor has shared a video of
Hint
The flu can complicate diabetes. Influenza is highly contagious, as the viruses are spread when an infected person coughs
Dr. Abigail Zavod, when speaking about the opioid crisis during a grand rounds presentation at Dartmouth, likened it to a
\u201cI hope that in the next 10 years that we have some powerful drugs, but it\u2019s possible that won\u2019t be achieved.\u201d
There\u2019s a new way to classify blood pressure readings, and the biggest change is for anyone who\u2019s been described as \u201cprehypertensive
Chicken Marbella is probably the most famous dish to come out of the beloved Silver Palate Cookbook by Julie Rosso and the
I think back on one of the many days I was dope-sick. I was still with my wife and kids. It was near sunrise. I drove from
It\u2019s been a long time coming, but my mom has finally embraced her beautiful body, too.
We need to address toxic masculinity without taking away from the stories being shared or those who are bravely coming forward.
The focus on nutrition in our popular culture is, alas, incredibly simple-minded.\u00a0For decades, we have listed as a culture
We know how difficult it can be to relax when anxiety is making you anything but calm.
There\u2019s nothing wrong with being an introvert.
Never had genetics research moved so fast.
Political stress is taking a toll on families and couples, new polls show.
\I once cried because I couldn\u2019t get my eyebrows to look the same.\
Getting a hold of disposable pads is the least of their problems.
We manage a lot in our lives and relationships, especially during the years of life where our careers and families are taking
The WHO director-general called the declining efficacy of antibiotics a \security threat.\
For eight years, Margaret Pelikan dreaded mammograms. In 2008, she had been diagnosed with a condition called lobular carcinoma
The opioid crisis is killing more and more Americans each year.
Animal experiments showed that it protected them from typically lethal doses of the flu.
All Andrew Blackshear did was breathe. Driving through California\u2019s San Joaquin Valley on his way back from a summer break
Advances made in the treatment of infertility over the past 20 years are impressive, ranging from radical new techniques
Stanford University turned the dumpster site where Brock Turner\u00a0sexually assaulted\u00a0an unconscious young woman \u2014 known as
And what you can do about it.
Now is the time to warn the children of America about the Beast bearing gifts.
In addition to its finding on stents, the test showed the importance of the placebo effect.
Cases have jumped 28 percent this year, and there's a \constrained supply\ of vaccine.
Last Sunday I schlepped myself home from a friend\u2019s place at 5:41am. My \u201cI\u2019m going to have one drink!\u201d night turned into
Law enforcement agencies and drug control experts say most of the fentanyl distributed in the U.S., as well as precursor chemicals, originate from China.
By James Prenatt The last time I saw my father he was a pale imitation of the man who raised me. He was a body with a soul
The two diseases may arise from the same virus, but they afflict different populations and that is key.
Exercise as an anxiety buster is something experts back up as well.
The same concerns have been raised in virtually every area of science that involves people.
The teens who self-harmed also had high rates of depression and anxiety.
If the island's Medicaid program runs out of money, up to 900,000 will be without care.
Your support is vital.
Sometimes, things aren't what they seem to be.
Think of spectating a race like going to Ikea. Plan ahead.
When we were the presidents of our respective countries, Switzerland and Portugal, they were in the grip of serious heroin epidemics.
Public health experts broadly welcomed the proposed measures.
Stuffed turkeys and yuletide carols might be the stuff of holiday cheer, but when you\u2019re grieving, twinkling lights and
Dating apps aren\u2019t the only places with fake profiles.
About 20 to 25 percent of men report sexually coercive behavior, ranging from forced sex to verbal manipulation like guilt-tripping a woman into having sex.
Better get those Zs.
1. Do you like your therapist?
In my journey to accept myself as a person with anxiety, I\u2019ve come to see some of the positive ways that my struggles have shaped me into the woman I am today.
But just how likely is it?
\u201cWe believe these companies have played an important role in this epidemic.\
October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month and the overarching mission is powerful \u2015 help increase awareness about the importance
By Tim Clark Life is fluid, evolving, flowing, a work in progress. I always had this romantic vision of being one with the
Erick Eiting, MD Assistant Professor, Emergency Medicine Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai Director of Emergency Medicine
In the world of software, buzzwords come and go -- but if you watch their trajectory, you can see where things are going
Trick-or-treaters should be focused on the fun of the holiday and the joy of eating their favorite candies, not on their body or weight.
But here's how to fix it.
For those who knew and loved Dr. Ather Ali, the first naturopathic physician ever to join the faculty of the Yale School
The death rate has dropped 84 percent in 16 years, but we still have a long way to go to eliminate the virus.
This is the time of year when we see costumes and displays that portray mental illness as dangerous and frightening.
1. Do your squats while brushing your teeth
Drug rings, especially from China, are producing more potent, dangerous variants of such opioids to hook new users.
\u201cIf people got proper intensive treatment after they get out of jail, that would be my dream.\
With the string of Bush accusations, \dirty old man\ joins \locker room talk\ as an excuse that no longer flies.
I decided to get in the gym, get healthier and back to my rheumatologist for treatment. I started taking care of myself again and fighting.
We need to help the people who are already addicted to opioids.
The phrase is just specific enough that no other words are needed, but still vague enough to serve as a starting point from which survivors can tell their stories.
Learning the art of squirreling money away took years and a lot of trial and error\u2014I made plenty of mistakes. But by 27 I
At the community level, prevention is imperative.
If I've learned anything, it's that less really is more, and that you have to choose your ingredients very carefully.
This article is authored by the Mayo Clinic Center for Individualized Medicine. The mission of the Center is to discover
Distance makes the heart grow fonder.
Understanding white privilege is a critical part of moving toward effective and equitable drug policy.
Grandparents of the year. \ud83d\udc4f
On World Polio Day, health experts celebrated the \endgame\ of polio eradication.
About every 40 seconds, someone in the United States has a stroke. A stroke-related death occurs about every 4 minutes. Those
It\u2019s 6:45 on a cold and rainy Tuesday morning. The alarm blares. As you begin to wake and wonder how it could possibly be
There are times when it is necessary to highlight differences among groups of people, and there are times when it\u2019s beneficial to downplay differences.
By Ronnie Pace as told to Sarah Klein In 2013, I had a CT scan after seeing a couple of specialists about a dry cough. When
I witnessed the struggle in Dayton, Ohio that the media won\u2019t show you.
Officials confirmed that the monkey had been infected with the virus.
Dr. Ghosh says she encourages women to participate in research trials. \Participation in research helps the patient as well
African-Americans are more likely to develop, and die from, cardiovascular diseases.
He prioritized production over hygiene or quality control, resulting in a fungal meningitis outbreak.
If you have these vegetables in your fridge, throw them out.
Black women\u2019s breast cancer mortality is now 40 percent higher than white women\u2019s.
By Carolina Public Press Managing Editor Frank Taylor and Investigative Reporter Michael Gebelein Cedarbrook Residential
Because we can't all be gym gurus.
Personalizing medicine is among the salient themes of modern advance, and clearly among the more widely captivating.\u00a0President
Recurrent concussions are down. Now advocates are trying to tackle initial concussions.
The list price will be $373,000.
If the cannabis was replaced with a bunch of jeans and t-shirts, this place could easily pass as a GAP store.
Worries about the government, the environment and Trumpcare topped a survey of American fears.
Here's how to stay informed without getting in too deep.
Sometimes, it's because they have difficult personalities, and sometimes it's because you hate your job and are feeling stuck \u2014 making you the Negative Nancy.
Being overweight or obese increases a person\u2019s risk for at least 13 types of cancer.
The company still faces other similar lawsuits over its talc-based products.
By Barbara E. Thompson UCF Forum columnist Throughout my lifetime, I have been a seeker of purpose and meaning. I was a questioning
It\u2019s a problem that\u2019s evident even without leaving the world of politics.
As much as possible, people should avoid breathing smog and traffic fumes.
A far more infectious airborne strain is hitting cities hard.
When the doctor told me I had Lyme disease, I cried \u2014 not because I was scared, but because I finally had an answer.
As you work to let go of food shame, you may also find yourself eating more intuitively, which means choosing foods in response to your body\u2019s needs and wants.
Maybe you dancing on your Instagram feed might shift someone\u2019s perceptions, ideas, or their life. Even if it is just your own, wouldn\u2019t that be worth it?
\u201cFor those that suffer from an eating disorder, it can contribute to the obsession associated with counting calories consumed and burned.\
Under the hashtag #MyJobShouldNotIncludeAbuse, model and activist Cameron Russell is helping other models share their sexual assault experiences by photographers and teams on photo shoots.
Rather than being a slave to fear, I started looking into what I could do to make sure I\u2019m as equipped as possible when the time comes.
In order to properly track a child\u2019s development, parents must understand the difference between the signs of normal disfluency and severe stuttering.
This explains why throat cancers in men are now more common than cervical cancers in women.
While they might be fun for some, they actually serve a purpose to many.
Ironically, the Duchess was attending an event to promote mental health awareness when people took aim at her on social media.
Dear Dad, You\u2019ve always been one of my greatest teachers and supporters. You worked tirelessly with me on my awkward elementary
\The importance of individualized engagement and empathy is really the take-home lesson.\
If confirmed, thousands of children are now at risk for deadly diseases.
The lymph vessels probably escaped detection because they\u2019re inside a thick membrane, the dura mater, which is the consistency of leather.
The actress sees a therapist even when she isn't stressed.
There is a reason for those signs outside roller coasters warning people with heart conditions not to ride.
We can make connections online with people like us that we might never encounter IRL.
We might be too sick to enjoy our extended lifespans.
A crisis, it has been said, is a dangerous opportunity.\u00a0One presumes that crises vary with regard to both. Some, no doubt
Misconception 1
No, not free snacks.
We need to educate, continue the dialogue and open the floor for questions we can and must ask one another about wellness.
The infamous Dickey Amendment, which bans funds for research to \promote gun control,\ rears its head.
When you're nibbling on your nails, you're also ingesting all the germs your hands have collected throughout the day.
By Susan Blumenthal, M.D. and Rachel Gardner, B.A. As many as forty percent of all cancers in the United States (630,000
What didn\u2019t change? My skin, for one.
Stephanie V. Blank, MD Professor of Obstetrics, Gynecology and Reproductive Science Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai
Almost three weeks after the hurricane, just 16 percent of electricity service has been restored to the island.
As more women are becoming surgeons, the surgical field is changing.
Recovery pride and recovery advocacy are powerful social change movements. I should know, because take part in them. My activism
Being able to talk about it candidly with those you trust will do you worlds of good.
Today is World Mental Health Day. It is a day dedicated to raising awareness of mental health issues around the world and
\u201cMental Health in the Workplace\u201d is the theme of World Mental Health Day 2017 and WFMH calls on each and every one of you
Listen up Dave (in an equation where Dave = reader), we need to talk about mental health, and since it\u2019s World Mental Health
And terrorist attacks using firearms are deadlier than attacks with other weapons.
Doctors believe the death count would be far higher if it included people with chronic conditions who died because they lacked access to medical care.
Storing guns outside the home is one way to reduce the risk of suicide.
You know yours were just as bad.
It has to be evidence-based, pragmatic and include a working knowledge of firearms.
The threat of Zika virus was a major concern at the 2016 Rio Olympics. But new research shows that it was other diseases that came back.
I am a specialist in \u201cpreventive\u201d medicine.\u00a0My career has been all about leveraging the many means at our disposal to add
Vision impairment, lack of access to a car and mobility problems were linked to lower rates of cancer screening.
A diagnosis of cancer is often followed by myriad doctor appointments and many questions. Dr. Saranya Chumsri, a medical
Co-authored by Sandra Swantek, MD, associate professor and director of geriatric psychiatry, Rush University Medical Center
E-cigarettes are still addictive, but they're not as harmful as tobacco cigarettes.
While overall survival rates for the disease are improving, a new study shows a major gap still exists.
Navigators say that this year, their work includes convincing the skeptical that they will have benefits.
Co-authored by Bill Kramer, executive director for national health policy at the Pacific Business Group on Health For more
This article has originally been published on Psychology Today. Friday morning in between sessions with clients a colleague
\u201c\u2018Anxiety\u2019 is a term used very loosely. It\u2019s not often that people acknowledge just how debilitating it is.\u201d
The ancestors of modern humans may have gotten genital herpes from a now-extinct relative.
Only 5 percent of Puerto Ricans have electricity and less than half have clean drinking water.
The California governor must decide whether to sign legislation ending stigmatization of people with HIV.
During an emergent situation, rumors can have social and psychological consequences.
Many people rely on coffee for a buzz that keeps them animated throughout the day, but if you\u2019d rather avoid caffeine stimulation, try drinking a glass of water.
\u201cI\u2019m not crazy.\u201d \u201cI don\u2019t need medication.\u201d \u201cI already have a support system.\u201d \u201cThat\u2019s only for rich people.\u201d Regardless
Lease or buy, the typical length of a warranty on a new vehicle is three years.
When I first started working as a dietitian, I saw plenty of people perplexed about food. They went on diets, ate when stressed
The U.S. has made major progress against measles over the years. But that doesn't mean we couldn't backslide.
Greece is undergoing a refugee crisis, and their public health system is struggling to cope.
Yes, it's as confusing as ever.
Imagine what we'd know if studying the issue were easier?
Data can provide the power to change laws and lives, and new research shows just how costly gun violence is.
Chronobiology delves into everything from jet lag to sleep problems to depression.
As a shooting survivor, I have an intimate view on victim support after a mass shooting.
Grief and anxiety are totally normal reactions even if you weren't there.
Between 2000 and 2015, this single vaccine has saved an estimated 20.3 million lives.
Readers weigh in with their tips on keeping the fear at bay.
How she announced her diagnosis is very telling.
However, less than half of the 350,000-plus Americans who experience a cardiac arrest outside a hospital each year receive
Here's why working out in a group often yields better results.
\We\u2019re doing the best that we can, but we need help. It\u2019s too much.\u201d
Drug companies are in the midst of a glossy publicity campaign to stop attempts to control rising pharma costs. But the devil is in the details.
How the CEO of Ellevate makes it happen in the a.m.
Purdue has already reached a $19.5 million settlement with 26 states and Washington D.C.
It used to be a fairly harmless illness.
How The Mental Health Community Has Missed The Point About Diagnosis and Political Capacity Lloyd I. Sederer, MD Psychiatric
First there was Harvey, then Irma and, most recently, Maria. Hurricanes have hit Texas and the Gulf Coast, have torn through
Certain foods and drinks are more often headache triggers than others.
Even low levels of fine particulate matter air pollution across the U.S. can increase the risk of kidney disease.
Through the SJFAMILY study, St. Jude Children\u2019s Research Hospital is building a registry to find new cancer predisposition genes and help better understand familial cancers.
Today is World Heart Day and it\u2019s near and dear to my heart, no pun intended. You may know that my mom, Rita, has been living
Valentin Fuster, MD, PhD Physician-in-Chief, The Mount Sinai Hospital Director of Mount Sinai Heart We all know someone\u2014a
Public health experts say something has gone terribly wrong with prenatal care in the U.S. and that babies are paying the price.
HIV can strike anyone at any age, but prevention efforts are mostly targeted toward the young.
About one in five teens has had one, and they're most common among those who play a contact sport.
People living in the most damaged houses were most at risk for heart attacks for a year after the jolts.
\People are voting for the president and party that are promising to enact policies that are very likely to further harm their health.\
Things can change very quickly for a family with a medically complex child.
At least according to a study of older adults.
The FDA issued warning letters and seized nearly 100 website domain names.
\u201cYou remain the best by attracting the brightest minds.\u201d
World Mental Health Day is approaching. Observed on October 10th every year the day is meant to raise awareness of mental
\SNAP, which is not a healthcare program, nevertheless seems to have an effect on healthcare costs.\
It may be money, rather than access, that prevents some people from having a healthy diet.
Parents shouldn't hide their hard work from their children.
Access to a doctor is essential, but overall health, it seems, is the sum of what happens in a lifetime.
The dish is really three stand-alone recipes in\u00a0one
Dear Cancer, You killed my sister Jill, the other day, you sick f*ck. You cut her down in the prime of her life when you
The following submission is from an anonymous writer because they did not want to violate the privacy of their friend\u2019s family
Cancers have unwitting allies
In Maryland, firearm suicide rates are 66 percent higher in rural counties than in urban counties.
Perhaps you are in a hurry.\u00a0If so, here\u2019s the bottom line at the top
It helps if your eyes are closed.
People with high or low levels of magnesium had a higher risk of developing dementia later on in life.
The woman behind the job board Werk takes us through her a.m. routine.
It takes a significant increase in deaths from a specific cause to affect overall life expectancy.
Mental health is the biggest long-term safety concern.
When a person is critically wounded, every minute matters.
What Harvey and Irma left behind.
Every summer, our family looks forward to July 4 and the celebrating that holiday brings. My husband and I, along with our
This bill would jeopardize efforts to end the HIV epidemic in the U.S.
Let's hear it for the nurses \u2014 they're real-life superheroes to so many people.
DEAR MAYO CLINIC
The first step is to step back and look at the root cause, and once you\u2019ve got your head around that, you\u2019ll be better equipped to break it down.
You wouldn't question someone using Nicorette to quit smoking.
Do you have any idea how much a funeral can cost?
Glantz surmised that others agreed with his aim of keeping smoking out of youth-oriented movies, they just kept those opinions
Editor\u2019s note
The company says it will stop selling ad space to misleading addiction treatment centers.
\u201cThere\u2019s real stigma attached to taking sick time to care for yourself.\
A general decline in both the quantity and quality of hours slept led to a two- to three-fold increase in pain problems over time.
For this generation, 18 is the new 15.
The majority of deaths happen during the swim portion of the race.
In July of 2017, the FDA announced that America\u2019s opioid addiction was their biggest crisis on hand. An alarming jump in
An obscure Obamacare provision forces rural hospitals to pay full price for drugs that many bigger hospitals buy at deeply discounted rates.
I recently blew a tire while out on a bike ride; I must have hit a rock or something. I looked up bike repair shops on Yelp
Today in the news, I witnessed one of my greatest fears \u2015 a teenaged boy with Autism encountered a police officer who misunderstood
It was very anticlimactic, and like the doctor said, I didn\u2019t feel a thing.
Cities, towns and counties across the United States are struggling to deal with the financial costs of a drug addiction epidemic that killed 33,000 people in 2015 alone.
There's a case for letting your body rest between weight-loss periods.
\I don\u2019t think most people realize that when I\u2019m out with friends and I suddenly leave, it\u2019s because of anxiety.\
I am thankful that my daughter is getting the treatment she needs, and I\u2019m hopeful that I can help her manage her condition fully and openly.
Spending could increase more than $25 billion every year.
A new study suggests a need for additional expansion of access to care, especially for low-income populations.
For decades, many women have seen their health care provider for their yearly\u00a0Pap test\u00a0to screen for\u00a0cervical cancer. New
Happy, energetic tunes could stimulate problem solving skills and \divergent\ thinking.
Because of you, more people are talking about lupus and getting access to resources and support
\u201cThat goes way beyond just turning the clock back to pre-ACA status quo,\ said report author Michael Dworsky.
1. Pack In Categories
The health choices any of us makes are ineluctably subordinate to the choices we have -- and we simply don\u2019t all have the same choices.
*** Kris\u2019 approach works. Just ask \u2026 The grandmother who was told she needed a stent, but refused. She told this to her daughter
It has nothing to do food, and therefore trying to change our diet isn\u2019t the most logical place to focus our efforts.
Trying to stop yourself from yawning makes you want to yawn more.
The CDC advises adding a tiny bit of bleach, one teaspoon of 5.25-percent sodium hypochlorite per gallon of water.
I know you wavered in your decision to seek out a widowed support group. In your heart, you felt you\u2019d lost the man you married
It's not having its intended effect.
When to eat, drink, sleep and think deep thoughts.
So, this is one of those mega-questions that I think all of our discussions about how we pay for and organize healthcare
Living with out-of-remission Crohn\u2019s Disease is like constantly having the stomach flu.
Mosquitoes can hurt hurricane recovery by swarming workers who are cleaning up.
Here's what to do instead.
Proposed United States budget cuts could lead to 5 million more deaths from AIDS alone.
Editor\u2019s note
It could lead to a less-risky polio vaccine that doesn't require the actual virus to work.
The technique is easy AND effective.
While no amount of preparedness will make the experience fun, being prepared can at least make things much more manageable.
\This is a big problem.\
As the 10th leading cause of death in the United States, suicide remains a serious public health problem, according to the
This week is National Suicide Prevention Week. A week dedicated to raising awareness around a largely silent struggle. Suicide
Bottle-feeding therapy touches on some of the factors that make eating disorders hard to treat.
\u201cIf I\u2019m getting down or feeling anxious, I\u2019ll make a list of things that I\u2019m grateful for.\u201d
Sometimes the things we are most afraid of starting end up being the most beautiful chapters of our lives.
New York City's first lady,  Chirlane McCray, is using the song to help spread a message of hope.
What would you take if you had to leave?
Through the Childhood Solid Tumor Network, scientists work to find cures for pediatric solid tumors.
More than 64,000 Americans died of overdoses last year alone.
Drug use is a significant factor in workplace injuries and crimes involving oilfield workers.
As humans, we are hardwired to make sense of things. To analyze, formulate and reason. We\u2019re perpetually mining for meaning
Self-reported walking pace was strongly linked with physical fitness.
If we fail to do so, we will only treat diseases instead of the people who are suffering from them.
Mold will mark the divide between people who can afford to escape it and people for whom the storm doesn\u2019t end.
Living with a chronic illness is no easy feat, and it gets even harder when that illness changes your outer appearance as much as mine has.
\Helping people get better sleep could be an important first step in tackling many psychological and emotional problems.\
Most people believe doctors and nurses have a special obligation to protect patients even if it means endangering themselves.
By Beth L. Murphy, MD, PhD In my work at McLean Hospital, I am surrounded by psychologists, psychiatrists, and other mental
The epidemic is the most explosive on record in terms of its rapid spread.
About 13,000 people are ill with diarrhea and respiratory infections in densely populated Bangladesh.
\u201cThe very right to access legal abortion in the state of Kentucky is on the line.\
Callousness and carelessness are damning parts of our national character.
To truly help, it\u2019s important to first understand the emotional state of people who have flooded.
If Dreamers are deported, it could create a new kind of refugee.
When enduring tragedy, it is important to lean upon the practices that bring you joy and keep you focused.
\Transitional times are a gold mine for fueling change.\
What really matters about diet and climate, both as independent priorities and at their vital intersection, is not the wild
Our public health relies heavily upon an open dialogue around our sexual behaviors.
Zika's most damaging quality could be weaponized against brain tumor cells.
Pot is different from growing, distributing and selling potatoes, beef, salmon or cars, common commodities with of course
A diagnosis of prostate cancer can feel overwhelming for a man. Foremost on their mind is usually what\u2019s the best way to
At the end of a rough, travel-filled work week, Steve Rice needed to get away. His parents own a condo near the Keystone
The more money you make, the more likely you are to exercise only on the weekends.
Our choice to follow a predominately meat diet or a predominately plant diet is not without consequence.
The damage from the storm goes beyond flooding.
\Keep telling your story and eventually someone will listen.\
More evidence that naloxone access helps prevent deaths.
Usually, though, it's not at the hands of police officers.
Survival after cardiac arrest was also worse in predominantly black neighborhoods than in white neighborhoods.
By James Prenatt Last summer I became engaged to the woman who would later become my wife.\u00a0 It wasn\u2019t an easy time and it
\If you like your workplace health care plan, you probably can't keep it!\
The vaccine research sparked controversy because the lead investigator conducted the trial without FDA or institutional review board oversight.
Yes, it's totally normal to get jitters. Here are some ways to ace that emotional test.
They're twice as likely to think about ending their lives, a study found.
After viewing the eclipse with the glasses, the couple experienced headaches and distorted vision.
Despite Harvey, things like insulin shots, antiretrovirals and dialysis can't be interrupted.
\u201cAn autographed ball by Babe Ruth could not be worth half as much as this ball is.\
That includes whether or not they wish they could hear.
Houston hospitals cut thousands of jobs this year and posted millions of dollars in losses, even before the storm.
When the costs of medical coverage seem insurmountable, utilizing these alternative funding options can alleviate the burden.
I\u2019m a mom and a wife. I\u2019m a Chemical Dependency Counselor Assistant and Peer Recovery Support Specialist for BrightView Health
We are living in the most connected era, daily looking into people\u2019s lives across the country from our cell phone or computer
With mosquito-borne illnesses specifically, it appears that there may be a delayed effect.
But the scientific process may stop him in his tracks.
The catch
Some patients felt they never got the chance to discuss options to preserve their fertility.
In some neonatal intensive care units, minority newborns received worse care than white children -- but the opposite was true at other facilities.
The man was experiencing severe pain and a squirming feeling in his ear.
\Disasters magnify fragilities that are already present in society.\
Companies are trying to take the \ick\ factor out of fecal transplants.
Brewed, bottled, or instant, there is a coffee and tea that fits conveniently into anyone\u2019s life. But do they all have the
The addiction treatment center seems to have put money over medical care. The result? Patient deaths.
There is something about this heart of mine, that holds onto feelings so deep. It grabs ahold of someone\u2019s love with a death
Life can be scary. We learn that at an early age. You learn that the first time you think there is a monster in your closet
Every day you tend to learn something new. It can be a small thing you heard while eavesdropping at the hairdressers or it
With all that is going on around us, now more than ever it\u2019s become more challenging to remain focused. The world is filled
Among the predominant themes of modern medicine is a consistent emphasis on high standards of evidence.\u00a0For purposes of this
Faulty envelopes are blamed.
\u201cEat like nobody is going to see you naked.\u201d
Risk factors for heart attack are universally well-known since they increase the likelihood in just about anyone \u2013 smoking
Beware of that caffeine jolt.
Of late, there has been an uptick in the diagnosing of Donald Trump\u2019s mental health. The HuffPost ran a banner headline that
This is a major step in the fight against superbugs.
Anxiety is not a necessary prerequisite for action.
By Kejal Kantarci, MD, MS, Mayo Clinic-Rochester, Society for Women\u2019s Health Research Interdisciplinary Network on Alzheimer\u2019s
And the myth that they exist is hurting the entire workforce.
Balancing thought and action will always be a challenge for many people. When you spend too much time picturing what a project
Ok, I have no way of actually knowing whether your therapist is a social worker, but I\u2019m going to talk about what might make
By Terri Trespicio Rejections hurts\u2014literally. Research shows an overlap in how our brains respond to rejection and physical
\I\u2019m sort of amazed so far that we haven\u2019t examined anybody who has damage.\
The virus could mutate and spread.
The two brothers appear in a revealing new BBC documentary.
Popularity isn't everything.
Reducing nicotine in cigarettes could be a public health win -- depending on how the reduction is implemented.
Co-authored by Dee Mosbacher, M.D., Ph.D. and Nanette Gartrell, M.D. \u201cNow that he has won the presidency, why wouldn\u2019t he
Ever-more specialized American surgeons don't learn the skills needed in areas stricken by war, earthquakes or other disasters.
Convictions could increase a patient\u2019s stress and anxiety, interrupt treatment and hamper recovery.
And if you were wondering, here's my definition of 'wrong'
Early screenings would save the most lives, but result in more false positives.
Children with peanut allergies are aided by the inclusion of probiotics in their normal treatment regimen, new research suggests.
So many people want to meditate but they either don\u2019t know where to start or can\u2019t find the time. Fitting meditation into
Editor\u2019s note
Negative responses seem to work in a cycle.
Last week at this time, saturated went on trial \u2013 in both criminal and civil cases.\u00a0Because the separation of saturated fat
Despite widespread acknowledgement in the medical community that mental health issues are just as serious as any other medical
It\u2019s Time To Stop Resisting the Creative You Creativity emerges the moment your imagination awakens and you feel joy doing
Beware before looking to the sky.
Growing evidence links stressful life experiences and addiction.
By Jim Smith UCF Forum columnist Growing up was a little hectic in my family\u2019s household during the 1970s and \u201980s, but something
DEAR MAYO CLINIC
DNA companies promote their tests as the end of discrimination. That's not what's happening.
People with chronic gum inflammation for 10 or more years were 70 percent more likely than people without periodontitis to develop Alzheimer\u2019s disease.
There\u2019s this huge lie we tell ourselves that \u201cwe don\u2019t have enough time\u201d. There is some truth to do that because eventually
The company was accused of overcharging the government for EpiPens.
New research is exploring the brain regions linked to gratitude\u2014and it helps explain gratitude's many benefits.
Most of us are taught from an early age that being selfless is a good thing. There are many benefits of altruism to both
\They\u2019re in the community, they\u2019re getting the support they need, and they\u2019re able to move forward with their own recovery.\
Not only are vacations relaxing, but they can boost our productivity and creativity -- if done right.
As soon as the law took effect, homicide rates spiked.
I had a crew from Good Morning America in my home yesterday morning to film an interview about the documentary, What the
Say goodbye to awkward running gear like the fanny pack and armband.
Women who don't have a nearby abortion clinic seek treatment in hospital emergency rooms, driving up cost.
With the days get shorter and schedules getting fuller, August isn\u2019t just about mourning the end of another summer; it\u2019s
In any given lifetime, a person can be many things, often, to many people. We are parents, partners, sons or daughters, siblings
As a nutritionist and portion-size researcher, I've helped thousands of clients slim down while eating foods they love with
Heartbreaking yet inspiring.
Are you concerned that if you focus on taking loving care of yourself you will be selfish? Discover the difference between
Aren't we really all on the same page, here?
Health workers haven't been paid in almost a year.
And he does pilates, too.
The pictures from Charlottesville showing places I\u2019ve been filled with such hatred and violence are shocking. But I can\u2019t say that I\u2019m terribly surprised.
Following last month\u2019s contentious congressional debate over repealing the Affordable Care Act, the next major battle in
Potentially serious side effects for popular medications are more common than you may think.
With so much focus on the opioid crisis, perhaps a parallel alcohol crisis has gone unnoticed.
Sometimes being alone feels like the only solution.
As I listen to the seemingly ceaseless, virtual shouting about diet and health these days, much of it self-serving, and little
If you think this, I probably just find what you have to say uninteresting or unimportant; talking to you will literally
Tap water is the best way to stay hydrated. But it's not so simple for some.
A study led by my colleague Rebecca Siegel, MPH made headlines this week when it identified a worrisome rise in colorectal
\u201cIt was so awkward that I wanted to kill myself.\u201d \u201cYeah no totally. She\u2019s psycho.\u201d \u201cThat party was so packed. I was gonna
While the first few months after a cancer diagnosis typically are the most challenging, there is a different struggle that
State-level programs for the drug crisis can show us what the federal response might mean.
\Beneficiaries who are least able to afford it may be at greatest risk for incurring these high costs.\
Researchers experiment testing with a rotating fabric brush instead of a sharp object.
ALS attacks and kills nerve cells controlling muscles, leading to weakness, paralysis and, ultimately, respiratory failure.
Don't knock it until you try it.
The lawsuit claims that Purdue Pharma significantly downplayed OxyContin's risk of addiction.
We know what to do. Now, we have to roll up our sleeves and do it.
Women in Colorado can now buy birth control without going to the doctor, sort of like men can with condoms. The new law will
But those differences seem to fade by adulthood.
The sad news about the passing of Glen Campbell compels us to take a moment to reflect upon the life and journey of the legendary
These are times that call for radical change.
Once again, I am an open book when it comes to the postpartum depression I experienced with my now 3-year-old son Henry. I
When girls fixate on dolls or books, when they\u2019re obsessively neat or shy and quiet, that\u2019s seen as normal\u2014deferential female behavior.
Healthy blood vessels in middle age may help protect against cognitive decline.
If we chase after perfection, then we lose sight of all the wonderfully less-than-perfect blessings we have already been given.
Just because you\u2019re lean, it doesn\u2019t mean you\u2019re healthy.
Hey, we all do it. It\u2019s the reason that social media \u201cdepression\u201d has become a thing, and why some people take hiatus from
One word describes the universal feeling many, if not all women experience that inhibits their quest for work-life balance
The power of social media.
For the 2+ years I suffered from UC, I abstained from dairy, alcohol, and sugar.
Easy AND effective? Subscribe.
The numbers have come out one week after Trump's commission on opioids asked him to declare the epidemic a national emergency.
After a rough starting half of 2017, my happiness was depleting and I didn\u2019t know how to regain my strength. There are many
\Accidents can happen to anyone, and storing firearms that are unlocked and loaded is extremely dangerous.\
This post originally appeared on Babble.com and was reprinted with permission. Lucy is a bubbly 9-year-old with a vivid imagination
The continued narrative that youth suicide is caused by bullying may divert schools\u2019 focus from solutions that would target more prevalent risk factors for suicide.
Seamless is a bitter habit to break.
The federal Commission on Combating Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis last week released its much anticipated recommendations
In addition to not smoking, a healthy diet can reduce lung cancer risk.
I\u2019m not perfect, I never will be, but who is?
The problems began before Triana Browne was even born. With each of her mother\u2019s contractions, Triana\u2019s heart stopped. An
\If every patient has a different set of tumors, we can make a vaccine tailored to each patient.\
I don\u2019t want my illness to be a witty plot device.
America is in the grip of a massive health crisis that has nothing to do with Washington. With one simple question, we could
Creating a stable environment that promotes achievement, unity, and personality is essential to successful workplaces.
This quick bread makes the perfect afternoon snack whenever you\u2019re in need of a chocolate fix. \u00a0It has a deep chocolate flavor
A study shows eye contact has nothing to do with empathy and we may need to rethink its importance in our society.
The warning signs were flashing emergency and the alarms were blaring at a sonic boom the week prior to my latest relapse
The paper gets its history wrong.
\Opioids are very dirty, nasty drugs, but they do have a role.\
Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of death worldwide.
Earth's yellow sun is the source of its power.
Regular dog walkers were more active on days with cold, rainy weather.
Vaccine hesitancy is a major public health concern that needs to be highlighted.
While the opioid epidemic has ravaged the East Coast and Appalachia, on the West Coast, California has not escaped the blight
Ancel Keys, arguably the most influential nutrition scientist of the past half century or so, died in 2004 at the age of
To overcome my anxiety, I needed to learn to become more aware of my triggers.
Next time
Meera Sivendran, MD Instructor Department of Dermatology Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai Part of summer\u2019s fun is
At 25, one of my first dreams came true on finding a full-time job. 21 years before that happened I was diagnosed with autism
The number of women diagnosed with preeclampsia has been rising since 1980.
By Neelum T. Aggarwal, MD, Rush Alzheimer\u2019s Disease Center, SWHR Interdisciplinary Network on Alzheimer\u2019s Disease Member
Taking four doses of PrEP around the time of sexual activity cut the risk of HIV by 97 percent.
Editor\u2019s note:\u00a0Deconstructing Stigma
\u201cI hope this work supports the push for ideas of Americanness to be more inclusive and accurate.\
Two out of three new HIV infections were among 15 to 24 year-old men.
By Raffi Keuhnelian If you woke up in the middle of the night to have a glass of wine, most would say you have a problem
Fifteen years ago, the trajectory of lung cancer\u2014the No. 1 cancer killer of both women and men\u2014changed forever. The year
\u201cWhat disturbs men\u2019s minds is not events but their judgments on events.\u201d Epictetus Stoics and psychologists agree. Most of
Obamacare has grown steadily more popular since January.
The action shakes up a debate among public health advocates as to whether e-cigarettes represent a health risk or potential benefit.
The new study suggests the US needs to curb excessive opioid prescribing and improve access to pain management techniques.
At the Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy at Tufts University, you can tell it is blueberry season by the bowls
Most people only live three to five years following an ALS diagnosis.
This month\u2019s top workout songs benefit mightily from the element of surprise. Genres and artists that don\u2019t generally make
Human society is a bunch of people scurrying around trying to find pleasure, avoid pain and strike a healthy balance between
The league's $30 million deal with the National Institutes of Health to study CTE is dissolving in acrimony.
College is an age characterized by impulsive behaviors, rash decision-making, and excess spending above all else. It\u2019s easy
Confidence takes many forms, from the arrogance of Floyd Mayweather to the quiet self-assurance of Jane Goodall. True confidence
Let's praise the demonstrators dragged out of wheelchairs and arrested -- not GOP Senators.
Work out then strut out.
On behalf of the Association for Women\u2019s Health, Obstetric and Neonatal Nurses (AWHONN), the national organization that represents
An opinion piece was recently published in JAMA Internal Medicine with the provocative title
I remember it like Groundhog\u2019s Day yesterday. On a 1990s winter\u2019s afternoon in New York my boyfriend and I were having a
The announcement sent cigarette company stocks tumbling.
With a few key changes, the United States could reduce drug overdoses by 50 percent. But that means challenging our prejudices about addiction.
ONE could easily be mistaken for thinking the war on tobacco is coming to a close. Lighting up a cigarette mid-flight seems
\u201cYou can do anything, but not everything.\u201d With the seemingly never-ending to-do list, that little statement is very true
Results of the peer-reviewed study are expected to be published soon in a scientific journal.
Progressive cutting edge treatment programs and public policy for addiction and recovery on America\u2019s frontier.
My patients\u2019 income or zip code should not determine the number of days they\u2019ll stay in the hospital or the care they will or will not receive after being discharged.
One suicide attempt in a unit can foreshadow future attempts by other soldiers.
Regardless of the type of loss you\u2019ve experienced, your grief is a real.
A study in mice could inform future schizophrenia treatments.
When you are suddenly thrust into life as a caregiver, handling a loved one\u2019s medical needs can be one of the most confusing
The current Republican strategy would leave millions of Americans without any options for treatment.
Mr. President, the present recovery system is broken and cannot be fixed. You must revamp from the ground up regardless of
And I don\u2019t even like\u00a0Trump.
This appears to be 2017's first instance of a mosquito spreading the virus in the United States.
Birth control apps are essentially a tech-age form of natural family planning.
New findings point to a potential decline in male health and fertility.
Seniors have historically been a hornets' nest that politicians prefer not to poke.
This article is authored by the Mayo Clinic Center for Individualized Medicine. The mission of the Center is to discover
Measles is a highly contagious virus that can be serious or even fatal.
Do you want to be understood? Your feelings, circumstances, and point of view, for example. Do you make an effort to understand
Mental illness may be more common than diabetes, heart disease and cancer -- combined.
Public health strategies could help decrease the global numbers of dementia cases.
It\u2019s easier to romanticize something that can never be recaptured again \u2014 much like youth itself.
Alzheimer\u2019s is a progressive brain disease in which brain cells become damaged and die.
The child is off treatment and has no signs of the disease.
\u201cIt is more important to know the patient who has the disease than the disease the patient has.\u201d \u2015 \u00a0Hippocrates Personalized
Yvane Wiart, Universit\u00e9 Paris Descartes \u2013 USPC \u201cDoctor, what caused my cancer?\u201d For doctors, this question is often perplexing
\The Achilles heel for us is drug resistance because the virus is incredibly quick to mutate.\
When I first discovered what \u2018Misophonia\u2019\u00a0is, I had an entirely different story to tell. I was relieved there was a name
The words \u201ccancer\u201d and \u201cbreast cancer\u201d have always caused fear in the hearts of most people and are seldom spoken unless
I have written before about road trip tricks, but my preparation for our recent trip to Colorado really left me feeling great
We have a say in how we respond to our emotions.
You can do a little detective work yourself.
The disease is spread by ingesting fecal matter.
This story was brought to you by Thought Catalog and Quote Catalog. By Marisa Donnelly, author of Somewhere on a Highway
Assuming you aren\u2019t preoccupied with trivialities, like whether or not 30 million people have health insurance, then you
My heart goes out to the McCain family and to all families who have to deal with this horrible reality.
Telemedicine reaches more patients at lower costs and has support across the aisle, so why isn't it universally adopted?
Why breastfeeding might reduce the risk of MS is unclear.
Cancer doesn\u2019t seem to be going anywhere, but that doesn\u2019t mean it has the power to replace joy.
An article entitled Ten Toxic People to Avoid Like the Plague appeared in my inbox this morning. I clicked it fast as I could
There is no point at which you will never cry again, although as time goes on the tears are bittersweet and less common. When
The revered GOP Senator is the beneficiary of top-notch health care, but he faces a daunting, relentless disease.
Let the well wishes for John McCain also be an important reminder.
It\u2019s a personal decision that cannot be judged by anyone else.
Some hard truths about the perspectives that hold us back.
A diagnosis of cancer, or any life-threatening disease for that matter, brings with it an open invitation to glance back
By Sharisse Tracey Although for now, the Affordable Care Act (ACA) has escaped the wrath of Republicans, they are still intent
Editor\u2019s note
Many people think if they just stick to a diet and exercise, they\u2019ll lose weight; unfortunately, many are not successful
\There was a time when it had absolute authority over me.\
Oftentimes, films or TV shows about eating disorders try to convince victims to stop by showing them their sickly thin appearance
Pay attention to your plate.
According to Dr. Nacho Aguil\u00f3 first author of the study, \there are no specific antigens associated with the efficacy of
And there are important lessons the U.S. should learn from it.
Stop blaming your parents and set yourself free.
It plays out a lot of tired old stereotypes about people with eating disorders.
\Many Americans realize there's something wrong with the food system that's increasing their risk of disease,\ says Renata
Douglas T. Dieterich, MD Director, Institute of Liver Medicine Professor of Medicine, Division of Liver Disease Icahn School
When Netflix released 13 Reasons Why in March of 2017, public response was mixed. Many believed the series glamorized suicide
When you are in the process of grieving a loss of any kind, you must avoid looking ahead into the future. You are so devastated
The drug is far more dangerous than real cannabis.
Anyone who has watched television has most likely seen the ads for breast cancer drugs as presented on behalf of a drug manufacturer
See this? This is my succulent. This, in fact, is the only remnant of my third succulent arrangement that I bought after
As our government tries to repeal Obamacare and make budget cuts to other programs, it makes me think of what Medicaid has
1) Don\u2019t Speak This seems to fly in the face of perceived wisdom. We are supposed to talk to someone when they are unwell
\We\u2019re kidding ourselves if we don\u2019t think what\u2019s happening with health care in Congress right now is affecting this issue.\
The agency report listed certain observations that may be in violation of federal law.
When people joke about being \u201cso OCD,\u201d what they mean to say is that they have a preference for something to be ordered specifically
A \u201cnew era\u201d in medicine does not come along very often.\u00a0We had one, perhaps, in 1854 when John Snow effectively invented
But a new study suggests you do more than just vent your feelings.
Do you remember the exact moment you held your baby for the first time? I bet that you do. Most of us mothers can remember
The change could potentially disrupt Britain's supply of life-saving medicines.
C. diff is increasingly being found outside hospitals.
A new cancer drug won enthusiastic support from a federal advisory panel.
\It\u2019s hard to view this as anything but a substantial win for pharma.\
New research with military members who suffered blast injuries indicates the possibility.
By Jeanette Kingsley, RN In the enclosed courtyard behind the Admissions Building at McLean Hospital, where others see an
I flick on my lighter and move it back and forth under the cooker until the heroin bubbles. My heart races as I find a good
The best thing you can do to protect yourself is to steer clear of it.
The CDC released news this week that opioid prescriptions have declined since 2010 \u2015 a welcome and positive step. It means
Opioids, including prescription painkillers and heroin, killed more than 33,000 people in the United States in 2015.
Funding for organizations that go along with Trump's executive order could be canceled or phased out.
Hospitals decide whether to allow the practice and are primarily responsible for policing it.
Exercise is one of the most effective and most easily available means of improving brain health, as Northeastern University
Insights from neuroscience and brain health are transforming medicine, psychology, and a range of other fields\u2014including
When I started exploring my personal brand I realised that as an introvert I listen a lot. I\u2019ve found that during conversations
It's bad.
If you\u2019ve been following my blogs and podcasts, you know I\u2019ve been concerned of late with all the attention directed at Netflix\u2019s
Everyone should have this conversation.
Gonorrhea has become an increasingly urgent global health problem.
Smart traps could aid scientists who study mosquitos.
An alarming number of rural counties have no one to prescribe medication treatment for opioid addiction.
Experts say insomnia is common after a major scare.
Treat your own sadness and grief the same way you would treat others you love.
Good \u2013 by which is meant fair-minded and judicious \u2013 narrators know that lives can be meaningful even when they involve a lot of failure and humiliation.
15. We have the right to feel good enough. No, you don't have to prove anything in this life. You are good enough, you deserve
\u201cAm I normal?\u201d Robert, a 24-year old programmer, asked me a few months into our work together. \u201cWhat makes you ask that question
Prompted by dermatologists, more states are allowing kids to bring sunscreen to school. But opponents worry about liability
I was inspired and amazed to read this incredible artist\u2019s story.
So much for the GOP's argument that the program is failing recipients.
Much has been written and spoken lately about Narcan as the primary way of reviving an opiate/opioid overdose victim. In
By Elizabeth Mormino, PhD, Stanford University, SWHR Interdisciplinary Network on Alzheimer\u2019s Disease Member The long course
This article was originally published on Her View From Home As my mom lay dying of cancer, I asked her what she thought the
Are we ready for the next pandemic?
Adapted from Oleana chef Ana Sortun\u2019s cookbook, Spice
Without one conversation with anybody every single area of my life has changed from me making the decision to learn to love
Personality is the final piece of the puzzle. It\u2019s the stable \u201cstyle\u201d that defines each of us. Personality is the result
Let\u2019s face it, happiness and work do not tend to go hand in hand. A 2013 Gallup study, which reported data from more than
I have previously written that the United States is the worst place in the world to have a mental illness, while Trieste
Health insurance. Obesity. Decoding the human genome. Cholesterol. Diet. We have so many medical concerns in the 21st century
It turns out, pregnancy loss might be the most common experience nobody knows about.
It\u2019s funny. You never really hear anyone say, \u201cI need my life to become more hectic!\u201d In these very turbulent times, people
A new report shows we're nowhere near fixing this crisis.
Adultery can be both a cause and a consequence of a failing marriage.
Happy Birthday Grandma!
\u201cThis study should lead to a continuing body of work that can really make genuine progress in understanding how depression works and maybe even in treating it.\u201d
But the problem is bigger than this film.
Perfectionism is only a problem because we have under-budgeted for difficulty, not because we are aiming high.
The good news is, it\u2019s never too late to harness your wonder and redirect it from Living Room Hot Lava to feeding your passion
Half of all suicide deaths in the U.S. are due to firearms.
Ambulances have to bypass the nearest hospital if the ER is too crowded.
Write for us!
The story doesn't end with embryo implantation.
This is my normal.
No one can deny the power of a good quote. They motivate and inspire us to be our best. Here are 38 of my absolute favorites
When something goes wrong, it\u2019s tempting to write the whole day off as \u201cbad.\u201d But the ceiling of your day\u2019s potential lies
Nothing that can quite prepare you for grief and its debilitating aftermath.
Here's what happened and what I learned.
Editor\u2019s note
A new study of criminal minds reveals a flaw in their decision-making.
Most of us have some type of cognitive bias. If you aren\u2019t already familiar with cognitive bias, then it is important to
In people, the parasite can infect the brain and cause meningitis.
My life would not be what it is today had I not had access to Medicaid.
As long as there are communities that have strong negative views about vaccines, there will be outbreaks of vaccine-preventable diseases.
Whether you\u2019re convincing your boss to fund your project or your preschooler to wipe his own hiney after using the bathroom
Time to check your closet?
Pete Frates, 32, just shared a video of himself listening to Pearl Jam.
Earlier studies have shown the drug can be effective in treatments for PTSD and anxiety.
Until I quit drinking and using drugs, I didn\u2019t know what liberty was.
Emotional intelligence is the \u201csomething\u201d in each of us that is a bit intangible.
Traces of Naegleria fowleri was found during routine testing in two water systems.
In Denver, Washington and other cities, activists with disabilities plead for votes against Medicaid cuts. For many, it's resist or die.
Too many people succumb to the mistaken belief that being likable comes from natural, unteachable traits that belong only
Not all pharmacists are clear on who should get the morning-after-pill.
According to science, anyway.
Indiana Health Commissioner Jerome Adams and then-Gov. Mike Pence wrestled with moral questions for months before approving a needle-exchange program.
Pathology is not an exact science.
The\u00a0Zika infection in pregnant women can cause severe birth defects in their babies. So the U.S. Centers for Disease Control
These people aren\u2019t criminals. They\u2019re people with substance use disorder.
Vaccination can cut shingles risk by more than half.
We're battling a sheer overload of information on social media.
Incidence of the often-fatal heart condition fell 17 percent among middle-aged adults in Multnomah County, a study finds.
And there's very little you can do about it.
Good luck if you're not a marketing whiz with rich friends.
Trumpcare could kill at least 200,000 Americans over the next decade.
Out of respect for disabled and chronically ill people everywhere, please stop.
Tomorrow morning, a social worker is coming to our house so we can formulate Ben\u2019s plan of care for the Children\u2019s Waiver
Jean K. Lim, PhD Assistant Professor of Microbiology Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai Zika virus has made a worldwide
Couples totally aren't supposed to blame each other for infertility. And yet...
The vaccine-preventable disease can cause serious complications, including pneumonia and death.
Know your limits, know your surroundings -- and don't underestimate nature.
This article is authored by the Mayo Clinic Center for Individualized Medicine. The mission of the Center is to discover
If you are like Kellyanne Conway and do not use Medicaid for your personal health care needs, you are still benefiting from the program\u2019s incredible work.
The Real World is a mixture of contradictions. It\u2018s freedom from authority, but you\u2019re stuck at your cubicle. It\u2019s having
\She would be dead without it.\
Health insurance saves lives.
A new study shows what's wrong with cutting addiction treatment, like the Senate health care bill would do.
People with mood disorders receive 60 million prescriptions for painkillers a year.
I am an equal opportunity doubter.\u00a0I doubt the teachings of my own conventional medicine, knowing how readily we succumb
Confidence plays a huge role in your success\u200a \u2014 \u200aeliminating these bad habits will immediately boost your self-esteem.
To err is human, to forgive is divine. Maybe\u2026. But I think it should say
Americans with disabilities are a part of the \u201cForgotten Americans\u201d whom President Trump pledged to remember. On the campaign
As the grandparent of a child with cystic fibrosis and two children with special needs, I fear the BCRA will make it very difficult for them to receive the care they need.
A study of women in Tennessee offers a glimpse.
June 27 is National PTSD Awareness Day, an opportunity to bring to light a disorder that affects millions of Americans every
The Senate health care bill is designed to \u200amake cash-strapped families pay for situations beyond their control.
The availability of health insurance outside of the traditional workplace is essential.
\Women were particularly vulnerable to the effects of discrimination on sleep.\
This is my first HuffPost article and I want to talk about the substance use disorder treatment industry, specifically in
The next time you tell yourself that you'll sleep when you're dead, realize that you're making a decision that can make that
A Washington state hospital failed to inform a pregnant woman that she was likely infected with Zika virus.
One found marijuana increased driving risks. The other didn't.
Read this before the Senate vote, which could be as early as next week.
A true crime story captured the attention of the nation last week. Michelle Carter was on trial for involuntary manslaughter
\u201cIf we stay on this pace, we could quadruple our deaths from last year.\
And Trump thought the House bill was mean?
The sunshine can totally influence your mood.
I was privileged this past week to deliver commencement addresses for Bastyr University on their campuses in San Diego, and
Listen to your gut.
More and more Americans, especially in California, New York, Chicago and other sophisticated areas, are seeing a psychotherapist
There are so many paths to explore to get to the bottom of what happened.
Refined coal has quietly generated hundreds of millions of dollars of tax credits for the company over the last six years.
The battle continues.
The case-fatality rate (proportion of people who die among all individuals diagnosed) can be as high as 30% among those with
Fortunately, the gift of being interesting is neither exclusive nor reliant on exceptional talent; it requires only direction, honesty and focus.
You\u2019d better pray Medicaid is not cut. There\u2019s a 75% chance you\u2019ll be depending on it if you need a nursing home. Three out
The lead story of the moment in Medpage Today positions the conclusions of a multidisciplinary panel of prominent nutrition
by Elior Moskowitz Social media is a blessing and a curse. It\u2019s great for staying in touch with old friends, finding people
\Men who delay fatherhood often do so precisely because they are successful themselves,\ according to researchers.
Patients took prolonged courses of antibiotics for months or even years.
Last week at a dinner party, one of the guests, a mother of two successful high school and college students, sighed. \u201cI don\u2019t
Dog owners walked about 23 minutes longer each day than non-dog owners, 119 minutes versus 96 minutes on average.
Less than half of nursing assistants make what constitutes a living wage for their region.
\The science is clear that violence is a health issue, that violence is a public health issue,\ Dr. Leana Wen says.
The grants will help clinics, including Planned Parenthood, to stay open.
Can we get an invite to the next one?
New research provides intriguing clues about how inflammation affects pregnancy.
Carrie Fisher\u2019s life, not her death, speaks to her courage and love. Her death is a heartbreaking reminder that addiction still kills from remission.
Joseph D. Buxbaum, PhD Director, The Seaver Autism Center for Research and Treatment Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai
China has invested vast amounts of money in science over the past two decades.
In two days, I will walk into the hospital with a clean, ironed white coat, dress shoes tied and polished, a tie neatly knotted
As a fan of romance books and movies, I was bombarded by beautiful imagery of love from a young age. Suave men and stunning
New studies show that it kills your performance and may even damage your brain.
You are in control of far more than you realize.
These ideas can place a huge blockade between you and your career ambitions.
The vaccine is the first of its kind shown to be effective in monkeys.
The same issues leading to the opioid epidemic are what drives the tremendous cost and disease burden of our country at large.
Sometimes I feel like I totally get this whole adulthood thing. My room is clean and my fridge is stocked, and I even made
I was a breech birth \u2015 feet first, my head got stuck in the birth canal. My father brought me to Children\u2019s Hospital in Boston
Eating a diverse, plant-rich diet helps fuel the growth of beneficial bacteria. Microbes \u2015 bacteria and other tiny critters
Life is like a bag of tricks, you never really know what is waiting for you around the corner. Some periods of your life
A stunningly good, extraordinarily comprehensive paper on the health effects of saturated fat in our diets has weighed them
The agency did not say how much additional time companies would be given.
The babies developed bacterial lung infections days after they were born.
The pain was unbearable. To make things worse, people started pitying me.
For all of us who leave any workout completely drenched in sweat.
Need help with substance abuse or mental health issues? In the U.S., call 800-662-HELP (4357) for the SAMHSA National Helpline
In the 90s Oprah had a life coach on who said something that shocked her studio audience of suburban moms. She had asked
A new health policy idea with increasing bipartisan support in the U.S. Senate is auto-enrolling consumers in catastrophic
Personal stories highlight the importance of Medicaid for individuals with disabilities and their families.
Medicaid DOES NOT just serve those of us with disabilities!
For most black folks, faith and liberation are a tandem. But every institution has its limitations.
Pregnancy loss is common, but you wouldn't know it from the way society talks about it.
Traveling with a food allergy or other dietary restrictions can be a scary experience. It\u2019s even more scary when you have
Some of the tainted breaded chicken was supplied to schools.
James Comey\u2019s experience shows that anyone can encounter a situation that stuns them into silence.
More than 2,000 Philadelphia children from low-income families are now able to attend pre-K centers, giving them the valuable
You\u2019d think that being married for years would prepare a couple for weathering any storm together, or at least give insight
For Glamour, by Maggie Mallon. Thanks to a packaging error, women taking a popular birth control pill may have accidentally
One way to keep aggression at bay is to have a goal or a plan in place before the negotiation even starts.
Hep A symptoms include fever, nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, dark urine and jaundice.
New research offers a compelling case for primary care doctors to screen for suicide.
The U.S. has the world's highest rate of childhood obesity, according to a new study.
\u201cIt was extremely accurate.\
When you live with clinical depression, it can be difficult to know how to get out of the vicious cycle of apathy, listlessness
With commencement season upon us, post-secondary graduates around the world are getting some wonderful advice before they
Whether you look at their historic role as breadwinner or their emerging one as hands-on parent, fathers deserve more support
The latest research points to several areas where dads have an especially profound effect on their daughters\u2019 health and wellbeing.
In medication-assisted treatment, the key is in the \assist.\
As Fannie she commanded the stage, she\u2019d hurl insults at customers in the clubs who were \u201coverjoyed\u201d with her \u201cfatness.\u201d She
Two years ago, I had the honor of being part of the Washington Post Time Hack Project. I was one of a handful of coaches
This is dedicated to anyone who has ever thought I was a baby because I can\u2019t handle a headache and anyone who has said
There\u2019s an enormous amount of research suggesting that emotional intelligence (EQ) is critical to your performance at work
\u201cMy mother was a drunk\u201d is one of the harshest, saddest sentences in any language. ~Anna Quindlen, Lots of Candles, Plenty
Experts think drug\u2019s benefits do not outweigh its risks.
Handgun owners are more fearful of crime, even when it is unlikely.
5 percent of pregnant women with confirmed Zika infections had babies with birth defects.
FRANK
Everyone handles grief differently.
Women who are more optimistic have a better chance of living longer. A recent study\u00a0found they have a reduced risk of dying
New cars would alert drivers to check their back seats for passengers after they turn off their engines
Unless you really don't trust him or her.
Hint
In a small study, kids with TBI were five times more likely to have an anxiety disorder than those without brain injuries.
By Damon L. Jacobs and Brian Fojtik San Francisco has proudly led the nation in successfully implementing harm reduction
In the not-so-distant past, a doctor\u2019s reputation and credibility spread by word of mouth. People asked friends and family
Sleep deprivation is miserable, but it's more than a mere inconvenience.
People who drank more than 30 alcohol units a week had the highest risk.
Fasten your seat belts for this one.
The woman, physically just a shadow of who I\u2019m sure she used to be, looks up at me from her hospital bed and tells me about
Because you deserve to feel supported.
Taking time off from work is still a challenge in America\u2019s work culture.\u00a0\u00a0As it is\u00a0Employee Well-Being Month\u00a0and the beginning
Kyle Bryant was a kid who wanted the ball. He wanted in on the game and always wanted a chance to help his team win. Growing
As physicians, we can lose objectivity when it comes to our own medical care.
The preliminary results of a small study were encouraging.
\u201cFor some reason, the cells in the REM sleep area are the first to be sickened.\
We can't underestimate the link between climate change and our well-being.
I want you to use your imagination for a moment. I want you to imagine that instead of a human being you are a glass. Yes
Throughout the past 60 years, the most reliable source of job growth in the United States has been health care. When other
When I was in college, I looked into joining a sorority. I searched YouTube to learn more about the different sororities
Last night as Londoners enjoyed a warm evening, watched the Champions League, drank in the bars and restaurants which surround
The line at the convenience store is three people deep. Standing in front of me is a 40-something man with a bottle of cola
A legal battle rages on as the financial and human costs skyrocket.
Dads sing more to their daughters and roughhouse with their sons.
Once the baby is out, the placenta is no longer needed.
Key word here is \tried.\
By Susie Neilson I\u2019m not disputing the scientific soundness of the whole brain-gut connection, but it really does sound a
Influenza is the leading cause of vaccine-preventable deaths in the United States. In children, the highest incidence of
On May 4, in what would more appropriately be called the Outrage of the Decade, Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives
Before I had even been married for a year I was due with my first child. Yep, five weeks before my first wedding anniversary
For many families, forgoing pay for up to 12 weeks, even in the midst of serious health needs, is highly unrealistic.
Denise Millstine, MD, Cynthia Stonnington, MD \u201cOh, a mother\u2019s work is never done\u2026\u201d - Children\u2019s Song It\u2019s no secret
Here\u2019s the thing about Vicodin
Wow.
Memories are such funny things. I could be tucking in a child, seeing a patient, speaking to a friend and some small nuance
Theirs is a family I\u2019m proud to be part of
Back in medical school, I helped to organize a leadership retreat for women physicians-in-training. I had spent a tremendous
A guide from Harvard Psychologist and TED Talk star Amy Cuddy. We\u2019ve all had those paralyzing moments where our palms are
We face a crisis that could put unbearable strains on our health care system.
May 31st is World No Tobacco Day (WNTD), the day we dream of a world where millions of people don\u2019t die needlessly from an
I\u2019ve been on a quest the past few months to uncover the similarities of some of the most successful people I know. What I
The animal has an unusual protein that could protect against complex infections.
The study could improve our understanding of hospital-acquired infections.
\u201cThese findings suggest low level transmission of Zika virus and new cases may occur in the future.\
Yes, you read that right\u2026 I want to live on a commune. I know that communes haven\u2019t had the best reputations over the years
In 2007, I gave birth to my first child, Benjamin. I wish I could remember more of his first days and months. When was his
Time's cover story on dieting misses the forest for the trees.
When I reflect on my tenure as Director-General of the World Health Organization, there are many areas where the agency played
*** CPR and AED Awareness Week begins Thursday. June 1-7 has carried this designation since 2008 under a Congressional resolution
By Sanya A. Springfield, Ph.D. and Mar\u00eda Elena Mart\u00ednez, Ph.D. Screening for colorectal cancer is a true public health success
All I wanted was for my parents to stop fighting and be happy, with or without each other.
\u201cI firmly believe
If you're experiencing these symptoms, seek cooler temperatures ASAP.
It's not like most people's grief, he says, because everyone knows the story.
While maintaining a cool outward appearance, many millennials experience grave concerns internally.
Break down your self-limiting beliefs by doing more and thinking less.
When I pull down the zipper of the body bag, I can either focus on the death and loss, or the big-heartedness (figurative and literal) of the donor.
A version of this article was originally published on Forbes. Sign up for Caroline\u2019s newsletter to get her writing sent straight
How many people have you spoken with today? Chances are that most of them lied to you\u2014and that they did it more than once.
They consciously avoid these behaviors because they are tempting and easy to fall into if one isn\u2019t careful.
As an adoptee activist, I engage with many international adoptees, and it has come to my attention that in the last month
Vaccination rules are being tightened across Europe.
By definition, a muddle is an untidy or disorganized collection.\u00a0The verb denotes propagating confusion by bringing some
How many times have you found yourself excited about achieving a goal only to give up before you have even started? How many
Women's body weight, height and physical activity levels were also risk factors.
The angst and despair before the storm.
Will substance-addicted mothers be priced out of affordable health care under the new policies?
Keep this in mind whenever you look at the things you want to do and accomplish in your life. In your life, the goals and
361 deaths were reported as of May 22.
Smokers develop the false belief that a lower tar cigarette is a healthier cigarette.
Anxiety around this issue is a nonpartisan trend.
By Rich Sloane UCF Forum columnist I\u2019ve had lots of minor scrapes and bumps in my 73 years, but nothing of consequence in
by Janet Ungless Picture this
As a professional, I know that teen suicide is preventable.
Dear Bill and Melinda, The purpose of this letter is first to commend you for raising your own children with strong screen
The program picks up the tab for most nursing home residents.
We know that the greatest way to break down stigma is by employing contact strategies. In other words, we know that mindsets
When I first came to work in a township in South Africa I wanted to do everything - solve every problem and remove all the
To start with, you need to start taking more responsibility for your own health care needs.
While facilitating a career transition group recently, the discussion of finding our life\u2019s work surfaced. As the dialogue
Lack of critical thinking
\The \u2018Charlie Sheen effect\u2019 is astonishing.\
Get those Zs.
Shortly after taking office, President Donald Trump set out to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act (ACA) and said
Everyone knows that change can be hard, whether it hurts you or is for the benefit of all involved. Change happens everywhere
I\u2019ve never heard my dad complain. His outer shell is hard, but his inner heart is resilient. When someone \u2013 I mean anyone
Aid workers are having trouble accessing the remote region in the country's north.
A version of this article was originally published on Forbes. Sign up for Caroline\u2019s newsletter to get her writing sent straight
It's selfish.
The passing of Chris Cornell sparked stunned sadness in many people, in no small part because his lyrics, music, and signature
I remember as a kid, somebody asking me what I would change about myself if I could change anything. My answer came quickly
Our days are filled with a constant stream of decisions. Most are mundane, but some are so important that they can haunt
Grief demands that our emotions and heartache be adequately attended to.
You can preempt much of your stress with these vital practices.
Never happy leaving people alone, the busybullies are at it again, using the power of government to change people\u2019s behavior
So far, 242 people have died.
About 100 U.S. hospitals have closed since 2010.
The numbers don't add up.
Popular fiction would have use believe happiness is a reward we get for achieving our goals in life. That it\u2019s a light at
Fidget spinners are the perfect material metaphor for everyday life in early 2017, for good and for ill.
Has your self-help turned into self-criticism? The self-help struggle is real. Collectively we search for the truth, our
The area has no telecommunications, road access or large-scale electrification.
A new study suggests state gun laws are a factor in police shootings.
3D-printed eye conformers can be replaced as the child grows.
I am both skilled and privileged. Acknowledging one doesn't dispel the other.
The changes, to be completed by 2022, are all part of an effort to tackle the high rates of obesity in the U.S.
Roughly twenty years ago, in March 1997, I had no job, no girlfriend, no friends and no more goals. I had just finished a
Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Keck, Coll\u00e8ge de France The fourth article in our series, Globalisation Under Pressure considers the different ways
Infection with Enterococcus bacteria is one of the top causes of hospital-acquired infections.
The new report will likely add to scrutiny over whether the military is doing enough to care for troops with mental health issues
\If countries don't know what makes people get sick and die, it's a lot harder to know what to do about it.\
Miss USA initially created controversy with her answer that health care is a privilege rather than a right.
WND again failed to acknowledge that its anti-vaxxer friends had been heavily lobbying the Somali community.
\u201cBlacks are more likely to live in areas with fewer opportunities to engage in healthy behaviors and greater barriers to optimal health.\u201d
While the average woman shouldn't worry, it's concerning from a population health perspective.
\It is highly unlikely that one would gain or lose weight following a single fecal transplant, regardless of their stool donor\u2019s BMI.\
He\u2019s been the best therapist I\u2019ve ever had, and I\u2019ve had a lot of therapists. Seven to be exact.
Last month, I (and the other parents at our children\u2019s school) received an email from the headmaster informing us that many
I hadn\u2019t planned on watching the Netflix series \u201c13 Reasons Why\u201d about a teenage girl who kills herself and leaves behind
Logy, low, and listless, at home with the flu, I thought about ways to brighten my day. I realized, that though my drapes
Many Americans avoid gluten for a different reason than people in other countries.
Health officials declared a state of emergency in Yemen's capital.
There are 300,000 doses stockpiled for an outbreak.
What is happening?
Fibroids are common in all women, but research suggests that African American women are significantly more likely to develop uterine fibroids.
Everyone feels anxious from time to time, but prolonged anxiety or heightened states of anxiousness can be extremely debilitating
By
Mr. Trump, who is going to pay for all these non-violent new criminals? You couldn\u2019t even get Mexico to pay for your wall.
Therapy did not cure me, but it did give me what I needed to cope with this miserable illness.
After I graduated college, and for the next twenty years, I worked as a television news producer in New York. Never would
Lori Hoopingarner savored her occasional weekend getaway. Between running her financial advising company, raising a 10-year
Facing particular disadvantages, here are a few things African American women can do to avoid osteoporosis.
Parenting is hard work, and without consistent self-care parents can easily and quickly burn out. \u00a0That is why this Mother\u2019s
We need to recognize all types of families.
The first case in the outbreak in a remote area of Congo was announced on Friday.
As a devout Muslim growing up in the Middle East, she totally opposed the concept of organ donation.
Diseases caused by Streptococcus pneumonia include pneumonia, meningitis (swelling of the membranes covering the brain and
My wife and I were interviewed for the article but our experience wasn't represented.
Even if you are not a morning person.
Quit trying to beat them at their own game.
We are like tiny droplets in an infinite ocean with no concern for whatever exists beyond what our minds can comprehend. This
This is just a friendly reminder to look up. It\u2019s a little hint that Things are happening out in the world. That cars are
A mixture of perfume and stale cigarette smoke hung in the air. Breakfast dishes lay jumbled in the sink atop several night\u2019s
Doctors are looking for ways to prevent heart disease in women who experience pregnancy complications.
Mother\u2019s Day usually brings smiles to our faces. Handmade greeting cards. Flowers. Family picnics. Yet sooner or later, many
Not drinking, man. It really messed with my energy flow. Sometimes I enjoy a nice, cold beer. Other times a martini or a
There\u2019s a blatant sexism in the fitness industry. One only has to look at fitness stock photos too see this blatant double
A group of kids from Oxford High School in Michigan have created their own version of the controversial Netflix show, \u201c13
Has someone ever done something so hurtful to you that you felt vengeful? Have you ever held a grudge? I\u2019m sure you know
A new crowdfunding campaign seeks to raise $2 million to advance promising research that the government has largely neglected.
In the early 1970s, a California physician made a startling discovery. Allergist Benjamin Feingold found that removing certain
One of the reasons I write and share is because my PTSD symptoms have a pretty good choke-hold on me, and I want to bring
There are ways you can soften these blows.
We'll definitely give a \heart\ for this.
It never left.
This article was originally published by Child Trends on November 29, 2016. No doubt you\u2019ve heard plenty about the Zika virus
It\u2019s impossible for everyone to agree on the same thing or be on the same page. We live in a world where love and basic human
I\u2019m busy busy busy. No time to relax! What are you talking about! I have work to do! Don\u2019t you know I\u2019m an A type. I\u2019m a
I fear we are caught up in a \u201ctea and sympathy\u201d culture, which ignores reality.
Sometimes you might see it coming. You\u2019ve got things to do that you simply don\u2019t want to do. You know you have to, so you
They did this not because most of them believed in their hearts it was a good bill but because they put politics before people.
In 2016, nearly 31 million Americans suffered from back pain. A number that large can certainly make you wonder why so
Today's tip for improving your performance is one of the most simple and straightforward methods I\u2019ve provided thus far. For
We human beings are very complex. In spite of many attempts otherwise, how we think and feel seldom follows a completely
Long before Arianna Huffington launched Huffington Post, 36 publishers rejected her second book. Before Walt Disney built
Work harder, work faster, work, work, work! If you\u2019re feeling exhausted and overworked, you\u2019re not alone. According to a
It may take five or more minutes before an emergency department in Los Angeles gets to the scene of a fresh incident. It
Though my beard enthusiasm wavered, I am now resolute in my support.
Leadership is the art of persuasion\u2014the act of motivating people to do more than they ever thought possible in pursuit of
\u201cLet me talk about this with my wife, and I will call you back,\u201d I said to the case worker, before saying goodbye to her
It\u2019s scary how little compassion and understanding there is for those facing these battles.
Some people have an uncanny ability to get things done. They keep their nights and weekends sacred and still get more done
Unlike your IQ, your EQ is highly malleable.
The meat was sold in six U.S. states.
You can pretty much expect to take care of your elderly relatives at home and probably go broke in the process.
\u201cDuring an overdose, a call to 911 can often be the difference between life and death,\u201d the Canadian minister of health said.
This isn\u2019t actually going to be a post about health per se, as I have a TON of those type of postings to come later. This
Consider what it's like to be 95.
\Shout out to the white line at the top of my face, you\u2019re the real MVP.\u201d
The wrist contains a narrow structure called the carpal tunnel. In this tunnel is the median nerve that controls feeling
Scoliosis involves a curvature in the spine that usually appears during the teen years, although it can also development
Nowadays, a lot of people are talking about genetics and what finding out about our genes can mean for us. How can it impact
Many of us are so obsessed with knowing \u2013 knowing who we are, where we are going, who we will end up with, what we are meant
Ewww.
May 3 is maternal mental health day, a day that raises awareness all of the mental health issues, struggles and changes that
If you need us, we\u2019ll be basking in the glory of our recovery day.
The series, marketed largely to a young adult audience, has left the mental health community with serious concerns.
You seemed really genuine and sweet. But then things changed.
We\u2019ve heard a lot about the First One Hundred Days milestone over the past week. What has he accomplished? What has he not
The number of girls 10 to 14 years old who died by suicide tripled from 1999 to 2014.
The disease has an impact on U.S. citizens.
Penalizing people who don't disclose their status is bad policy, a new study finds.
Same degree. Same long hours. Worse salary.
But one organization is dedicated to keeping Latinos in the clinic.
Gun violence spreads much like a disease epidemic.
A second wave of publicity followed when he received a thank-you note from my organization. A third wave is likely to follow
Emotionally intelligent people embrace mistakes for what they are\u2014great opportunities to learn.
Physical and emotional pain are rigid and seemingly opposite categories of human experiences, but their actual physical impact
Consistent exercise can have a significant impact on cognitive health, Northeastern University neuroscientist Arthur Kramer
Dan Buettner has spent the last several years trying \u201cto reverse-engineer longevity,\u201d he said in a keynote address at the
No screen time until breakfast. Seriously.
For anxious high-achievers, adding one more metric is something to lose sleep over.
At 91, it's less about how to treat cancer and more about whether you should.
This adulting thing is hard.
When you are sick, very sick, you wait for medicine to work its magic. But if the disease is Myalgic Encephalomyelitis (ME
The author of the infamous amendment limiting federal funding for gun violence research died April 20.
Guys, we need to have a talk.
I begged my mom to hand the following letter to Bren\u00e9 Brown at a conference she attended last month in Washington, D.C. Before
By Daniel P. Keating The central story line for Born Anxious starts with stress methylation\u200a\u2014\u200aan \u201cepigenetic modification
A forewarning
JD Vance emerged as one of the most important new voices on the American scene last year, as the Ohio-born Yale Law School
Recent decades have seen previously unimaginable health gains become a reality. But while diseases that were once considered
The show communicates to teens that if you are lost and not heard, your story will be heard after you\u2019ve left this world.
\u201cThere is no doubt that air pollution is a killer, and this study brings us a step closer to solving the mystery of how air pollution damages our cardiovascular health.\
CTE is thought to be caused by repeated blows to the head that damage brain tissue.
When it comes down to it, most of the diet plans and weight loss programs out there are all selling you the same thing
My colleagues and I have found that simply feeling financially deprived (or financially flush) predicts people\u2019s feelings and choices.
A new study's findings could have implications for helping people quit smoking.
This year\u2019s NIAW theme is \u201cListen Up,\u201d and it\u2019s important to those who are coping with infertility. We can all probably do
Over the weekend, someone asked me if I was happier now\u00a0than I was eight years ago when my PTSD took over my life. I was
In many ways, I am lucky to be alive. Growing up in Nigeria, I suffered several bouts of malaria when I was young, with intense
Each new day equals a new chance to refine your goals, walk in purpose, enjoy yourself and be a light. Here are some life
In a major change since last year, state Republicans are now proposing specific cuts to Medicaid, Colorado\u2019s health care
Perhaps, you saw last week, Prince Harry along with Prince William and his wife Catherine announced their support of mental
Very few Americans want guns to be allowed in all public places.
I thought if I just kept trying it would get better. It didn't.
1. If you had one, you would know.
For Allure, by Hayley MacMillen. Whether or not you\u2019ve achieved multiple orgasms in a single sex session (alone or partnered
It\u2019s 11 p.m.\u00a0on a Wednesday night. The caffeine from my Starbucks iced coffee is keeping me alert. But, right now, I\u2019m more
I was diagnosed with cancer 12 years ago today. And I still remember that day with vivid technicolor. It was a weekend and
Co-written with Sara Collins News outlets report that House Republicans are close to agreeing on an amended version of the
\Extraneous golf ball materials\ don't belong in your breakfast.
Cancer is on the increase and people are living better lives for longer with the diagnosis. In the USA over 50% of cancer
Women who want to be in control of their lives need to recognize an important truth
Words of wisdom to keep you pushing forward.
Toxic people defy logic. Some are blissfully unaware of the negative impact that they have on those around them, and others
Dr. Melvin Sanicas, vaccinologist and public health physician is a regional medical expert at Sanofi Pasteur, a consultant
The next time you tell yourself that you'll sleep when you're dead, realize that you're making a decision that can make that
Conversation is everything.
One unforeseen major injury could potentially cost well over half of someone\u2019s annual income.
After kicking cancer, you might worry it will return. That\u2019s understandable. Cancer survivors are at significantly higher
Despite decades of U.S. progress, millions of children remain at risk for lead poisoning.
While it might be uncomfortable, it could also be a force for good.
More than a year after lead-contaminated drinking water prompted a state of emergency in\u00a0Flint, Michigan, Americans across
In baseball and softball, girls\u2019 concussion rate was four times that of boys.
Raising a child with autism is at the same time my greatest source of stress, and my greatest source of joy. Of course there
\Chronic opioid use after surgery may be one of the most common complications after surgery.\
Nearly 4 in 10 Americans live in areas with dangerous levels of pollution, according to the ALA's \State of the Air\ report.
Any overlap with your roommate is just a coincidence.
For the last 30 years, I\u2019ve been running \u2013 everywhere. I\u2019ve run up and down Syracuse University campus, through muggy Michigan
Every fall, medical students in their final year of study pick a specialty. I\u2019m a professor at a medical school, and these
\I\u2019d like to see racial equality in infant survival in my lifetime.\
For when you feel a little less sure of yourself than usual.
I have looked death in the face on more than one occasion. Yet no other challenge was as life- and mind-altering as being
It\u2019s not just about preventing a pesky sunburn.
I was speaking with a good friend the other day. She has been going through immense change and self-discovery the past few
There\u2019s a gimmick used in classrooms and school clubs across the country, a lure that\u2019s so popular because it\u2019s so successful
Seeking help after two years of \total chaos\ has brought him to a \good place,\ he says in candid interview.
Let\u2019s just say I\u2019m cautiously optimistic, at least today.
It is never too late to go after your dreams and do all the things you want to do.
Three years ago, one of my patients asked, \u201cDoc, why can\u2019t we talk on the computer?\u201d The question caught me off guard. In
Emotional intelligence is the \u201csomething\u201d in each of us that is a bit intangible.
I love the ocean. The sound of it feeds my soul and grounds me. I can sit and watch the ocean for hours. It touches something
In the movie adaptation of my life, the climactic scene would go like this
A giant net will deter \u2014 or catch \u2014 people who plan to jump.
When I first wrote about living with ulcerative colitis (UC), I was very optimistic, as I typically am. I had just been released
Mental strength is a choice and a discipline, not an innate quality bestowed upon the lucky.
Half a century without a major outbreak may have lulled the country into a false sense of security.
People were more likely to continue to use painkillers if they smoked, drank alcohol, had certain mood disorders or had chronic pain.
Health officials aim to make access to clean syringes as easy as possible.
By Jackson Grigsby, Harvard College Class of 2020 \u201cThis is the least excusable disease in America, because it is self-inflicted
*watches them on repeat*
\Your feelings are validated by the fact that you\u2019re feeling them.\
U.S. hospitals had nearly $36 billion in uncompensated care costs in 2015,
In addition to genetics and personality, stressful life events, health issues and money problems can contribute to depression.
Youth and health won\u2019t make you invincible.
The State of Connecticut is currently considering an excise tax on sugar-sweetened beverages.\u00a0I have now testified twice
One simple requirement sidestepped ideological opposition and got parents on board.
The first-in-the-nation measure lets the state attorney general sue generic drug makers that sharply raise prices.
Violations included a failure to \u201cthoroughly investigate\u201d unexplained discrepancies in drug batches and \u201cmissing, deleted, and lost data.\
Pigs have long been a tantalizing source of transplants because their organs are so similar to humans.
Physical attractiveness appears to act as a gatekeeper for potential mates.
'All this has made me wonder
Friendships, and even some family relations, are not immune to grief.
\Zika remains a significant health risk to pregnant women and their babies.\
Defendants allegedly pressured patients to undergo unnecessary medical tests and procedures, then billed Medicare and Medicaid for millions of dollars.
\u201cSuperAgers tend to be a socially active and engaged group.\
HPV is so common that nearly all sexually active men and women get it at some point in their lives.
Screening saves lives in the African-American community. That\u2019s my urgent message this April, as we kick off National Minority
A therapist\u2019s tips for practicing self-compassion.
Chances are you know someone who bereaved, and while your heart may be in the right place, you might be at a loss for words
My journey to facing addiction out loud.
Following in the theme of my previous post, I thought I\u2019d debunk some ideas that people have when it comes to those who suffer
Availability of mental health and stress management resources The earlier treatment occurs in the problem, according to Saltz
Have you ever felt like a shadow walking amongst the masses? I have. And if I\u2019m being completely honest, those are the times
Recently, with help from Doctor of Physical Therapy Lauren Jarmusz, I interviewed Max Younger, Co-Founder of Mobility Designed
Moments to cherish are everywhere.
This is a quick and easy riff on\u00a0spinach and ricotta cannelloni \u2014 and it\u2019s a great way to sneak in some greens. You can get
Many of life\u2019s essential truths need repeating.
The tests will be able to assess a person's predisposition to develop Alzheimer's and 9 other diseases.
This is the first genetic mutation found to be associated with delayed sleep phase disorder.
There's an urgent need for ethical and innovative action to prescribe the drug under controlled conditions, experts say.
Bye, cute underwear. Hello, period undies.
A defect may cause the inhalers to deliver fewer doses of medicine than indicated.
Many people addicted to opioids as well as other drugs like cocaine are accidentally being poisoned by fentanyl-laced products.
Science is, principally, all about methods for generating good and reliable answers.\u00a0Sense, however, is required to ask good
Disruptions of the biological clock has been linked to the development of certain cancers.
Originally published on the National Eating Disorders Association blog. I was 11 years old when I started struggling with
As of now, the global mental health system is only serving around 10 percent of patients.
\u201cWe could prevent more flu-related deaths by vaccinating more of our children and teenagers,\u201d says a CDC investigator.
The company came under fire last year after prices for its allergy devices shot up.
Taking the antibiotic doxycycline resulted in a 60 percent lower fear response, a new study finds.
Last week, around 81,000 EpiPen devices were recalled in foreign countries.
This round of trials is safe from Donald Trump's proposed budget cuts.
There is definitely an increase in the levels of stress on teenagers today. Any parent of college-bound high school students
Can sneaker endorsements, cereals, protein powders or electrolyte cocktails get any of us closer to the peak level performance
H7N9 can infect poultry without causing clinical symptoms, which makes its spread difficult to monitor.
I thought I would begin to breathe again on Nov. 9. My depression always gets worse after Daylight Saving Time, with the
And it doesn\u2019t have to be.
Let the pranks fly.
International trade and global air currents mean we all share the costs.
Like food, water and shelter, adequate sleep is vital for survival. We all need sufficient sleep to maintain our physical
Being the mother of an addict was tough. Combine that with being a registered nurse and it becomes a nightmare. You watch
If you don\u2019t pay appropriate attention to what has your attention, it will take more of your attention than it deserves.\u200a\u2014\u200aDavid
\The variation is very striking.\
\Honestly, it was the best sandwich I\u2019ve ever had.\
This is what we'd call \required viewing.\
The U.S. gun homicide rate is 25 times higher than other developed nations.
I\u2019m a depressive. It has been some time since suicidal ideation, depersonalisation, and derealisation enveloped my pshche
Gottlieb's financial ties to the healthcare industry are extensive.
How to stop procrastinating\u200a
Despite the study in one of the world\u2019s most prestigious scientific journals, and the high-profile media coverage of it
Kids don't recover from lead poisoning, a long-term study shows.
91 Americans die of drug overdoses every day.
\This sort of opens the door for us.\
Even though you\u2019re devoted to your work and spending a lot of time engaged in it, you may not be any more effective than you would be if you were taking breaks.
People use the \generic you\ as a way to normalize and great distance from negative experiences.
The device could one day allow men to test for infertility at home.
The technique could one day be used to sustainably create blood, particularly for patients with rare blood types.
It will work on ways to connect the human brain and computers.
Many people will be relieved that Congress did not repeal the Affordable Care Act. Whilst those of us with an interest in
\u201cCrazy people\u201d on the subway are still people.
\u201cGrief is like a long valley, a winding valley where any bend may reveal a totally new landscape.\u201d \u2015 C.S. Lewis, A Grief
This may help explain Trump, according to economists studying mortality.
Some 20 million people gained coverage under the ACA.
Nature wins every time. \ud83c\udf33
It measures when two people's brains sync up.
Strictly 'healthy' obesity is pretty rare.
The life-saving allergy shot failed to work in emergencies.
\It's very challenging to plan for your future in an environment like this.\
Death is not a dress rehearsal. Death is final.
If we as human beings really want to achieve something, nothing can stop us and we will do it.
One of the most heartbreaking moments of my career as an anesthesiologist came when I met the man I\u2019ll call Mr. D. He was
Read the full article relating to each post!
Women with implants \have a very low but increased risk\ of developing a type of lymphoma.
In a new report, the WHO identified pathogens they are particularly worried about.
How opioid crisis trickled down to American's youth.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), globally, maternal deaths declined from more than 500,000 in 1990 to about
California is proof that even states with strong environmental policies aren\u2019t immune to lead poisoning.
Well, as it turns out, developing allergies as an adult is extremely common. And there\u2019s really no way to know if it\u2019ll happen to you.
A new study shows that if pharmacies didn't sell cigarettes, fewer people would smoke.
And that's not counting health care or Social Security.
What makes inspection week different from other weeks in the year?
Yet another way global warming poses a risk to health.
Talk about the potential for a perfect storm.
The GOP's health care plan is not playing well in the Sunshine State.
Maybe this is why so many people hated it, even if they could benefit from it.
The GOP is trying to fix the bill before Thursday's vote.
Addiction is a chronic illness, which means relapse is likely.
By Maj Wismann Do you live a stressful life? Have you ever wondered how it affects your sex drive? If you\u2019re stressed for
It was just not a healthy relationship anymore.
With a case of the Sunday blahs rapidly settling in, I\u2019ve realized a sad truth\u2014this weekend has not relaxed, rejuvenated
Autism Services Under the AHCA and Similar Proposed Legislation For individuals and families who are affected by autism spectrum
You may have heard that multitasking is bad for you, but new studies show that it kills your performance and may even damage
The implications to society dramatically outweigh any potential entertainment.
The state is poised for a measles outbreak.
We could one day use neuroscience to determine a defendant's mental state.
By Robson Capasso, MD I am fortunate enough to focus most of my clinical and academic work on the specific field I chose
Please, I beg of you. Don\u2019t go on another bikini-body diet.
People who identify as transgender are overrepresented 2 to 1 in the military compared to the civilian population.
Ticks and tick-borne diseases will probably keep spreading throughout the U.S.
People may start to believe negative stereotypes about themselves.
The more we talk about it, the less shameful PPD becomes.
We can't go backward when it comes to autism research and services.
Ovarian cancer is one of the deadliest cancers for women.
Health trends come and go, but one medical truism has proven remarkably durable
I shudder to think of Speaker Ryan's concept of vengeance if the American Health Care Act is what he deems merciful.
Adolescents face numerous obstacles to medication-assisted treatment.
The human face of climate change is its impact on our health. Higher temperatures intensify air pollution and respiratory
With spring break kicking off this week for many universities, including my home institution of NYU, the Centers for Disease
It's a huge shift in thinking for me.
Thanks to the internet, I saw that I wasn\u2019t alone in missing you, that a bunch of strangers were also grieving you.
Honoring Health Vow #4
If you\u2019ve ever been anxious before going on a stage, running a race, or in bed with your spouse, you\u2019ve experienced performance
\u201cHonestly, my depression has been so bad lately. I\u2019m just really good at hiding it.\u201d Many people would have a hard time believing
As usual, Yoda was right\u2014and science backs him up.
In a world that wants to say disability is a negative, claiming this quality can be a radical notion.
I never get sick \u2015 not a cold, not a cough or sore throat.
Newsflash
I can only imagine how scary it must be for those still facing years of such big health care bills.
I hate when people complain about their parents.
Here's why that may not be terrible.
Unlike your IQ, your EQ is highly malleable.
Some doctors are happy with the change.
Darn you, daylight saving time.
Two deaths have been reported.
For Teen Vogue, by Brittney McNamara. When actor and producer Lorna Nickson Brown was diagnosed with cancer in 2015, she
\I don\u2019t have to prove that I was sick by showing you my body.\u201d
It the first bird flu case in a commercial U.S. operation in more than a year.
Some leaders actually care about women\u2019s access to health services.
This\u00a0piece\u00a0by Martina Donkers originally appeared on\u00a0The Establishment, an independent multimedia site founded and run by
This is why we can't have nice things.
Female doctors received poorer evaluations than men and were underrepresented at grand rounds.
When people tell me they don\u2019t have time to train for an ironman distance race, I laugh. Technically speaking, unless one
ADHD is real, and I am a real living example. I wasn\u2019t diagnosed with ADHD until I was an adult who was teaching kids with
A common question I receive is the problem of dealing with sentimental clutter. Sentimental clutter are those things you
Have you ever stood up to give a work presentation, and then suddenly become overwhelmed with panic and fear? If you\u2019re a
\u201cAll women or all breast cancer survivors can add soy as a component of a healthy diet.\
It could force states to choose between vulnerable children and vulnerable seniors.
Research shows that the fall season, when many popular contact sports are in session, is associated, naturally, with a dramatic
Medical mistakes are reportedly the third leading cause of death.
Governor Charlie Baker pledged to protect women's health.
Targeting patients for having pre-existing conditions means hurting those who are already suffering.
Ear infections are common childhood illnesses. Most children outgrow the infections after medical management, but some children
These cookies might look plain but when you bite into them, you discover a buttery and sweet shortbread studded with melted
Health care is an immoral battlefield on which to wage political warfare. People dedicated to the preservation of endangered
And it's only going to get worse!
And those organizations don't always disclose their industry ties.
Throw it out if it's in your pantry.
\Alliances matter more than one might expect.\
Health experts say we need to regulate cannabis products to make them safer to use.
Avoiding weight gain as an adult can lower cancer risk.
\The tax is working.\
Opioid overdose deaths are soaring in the U.S.
Trump also said more needs to be done to bring down \u201cartificially high\u201d drug prices.
Still, most tools and appliances people use at home probably aren't a problem.
Without the ACA, older workers who are caregivers or laid off will be slammed.
One doesn't cause the other.
Until now, it was unclear how bacteria in hospital pipes could infect patients.
5. Us
New landmark federal guidelines are making waves in the allergy community. On January 5 the National Institutes of Health
I was having a conversation this morning with someone who was asked to consider physical therapy again, despite best efforts
It\u2019s National Eating Disorder Awareness Week--a great time to be reminded that we are put on this earth to do so much more
Antibiotic-resistant bacteria have become a global health threat.
Democrats and Republicans agree on something for once.
For a variety of different reasons, their sleep can actually be worse.
Unhappiness can catch you by surprise.
I recently have found myself engaging with a number of people about the mental impact that a cancer diagnosis has had on
Alcohol is an integrated part of this world but I do not have to drink it.
Just like adults.
You have to be kind to people who are rude to you.
A series of big outbreaks are prompting experts to consider giving Americans a boost.
LSD and other long-demonized drugs could help with addiction recovery, research suggests.
The health consequences of climate change have begun.
Because we need a better plan for those next 20 years.
A small study found that implanting stimulation electrodes into the brains of patients could ease their anxiety and help them gain weight.
The massive recall of Calphalon Contemporary Cutlery affects products sold as far back as 2008.
Depression is also the top cause of disability worldwide.
By Ryan Park The path to becoming a doctor is notoriously difficult. Following pre-med studies and four years of medical
Eye opening, isn't it?
In January, my iPhone was confirmed dead by the Apple Store in Saint Laurent du Var. It had gone dark the day prior, unresponsive
A look at what\u2019s at risk in the GOP overhaul.
Obsessive Compulsive Disorder is an extremely misunderstood illness. I can speak to this because my OCD doesn\u2019t look like
We can indeed triumph over pain and \u201cbeat it.\u201d
As a human behavior expert with a Ph.D. in psychology and masters and doctorate in education, I am often asked for advice
For the past six months, I haven\u2019t gotten a haircut. This wasn\u2019t planned. I wake up, go to sleep, and sit at my desk during
Other countries are stepping up in the wake of Trump's abortion decision.
Scientists have identified more than 200 genetic markers linked to baldness.
It may be gross, but it's not actually harmful.
But it can still improve your health and happiness.
More infectious disease and health problems from extreme heat and air pollution are possibilities.
One challenge is that some heart disease symptoms in women may be different from those in men.
My mom is not a Beyonce fan, but she appreciates her artistry. When Lemonade did not win Album of the Year, she was shocked
Recently, a 27-year-old patient who was using 10 bags of heroin and smoking marijuana daily for the past six months came
By Lilian Tsi Stielstra When my husband decided to overhaul his diet in 2006, I wasn\u2019t interested in giving up my favorite
In the current medical culture physicians only have minutes to spend with each of their patients. In these few minutes a
The CRISPR/Cas9 (CRISPR) technique has been used to modify genes in animals, plants and fungi, organisms different from and
Emotional manipulators are easy enough to spot if you know what to look for.
Africa and Asia were the worst affected.
In fact, exercise can even be linked to weight gain.
It's now easier than ever to learn sign language.
Pregnant women were mistakenly told they tested negative for the virus.
Mylan came under fire last year for misclassifying its lifesaving allergy pen as a generic drug.
Reminder
They're conducting some critical research. But a lot of people aren't listening to what they find.
None of them has to do with vaccines.
Social factors may be more influential than biological ones.
These projections don't take into account any likely changes to the Affordable Care Act.
Air pollution caused more than 4.2 million early deaths worldwide that year.
Immigration is actually linked to a drop in certain crimes, a new study finds.
Most people who gained HIV coverage would likely lose it if the ACA is repealed and Medicaid expansion eliminated.
Clear eyes, healthy hearts, can't lose.
We need to better understand transgender teens' parenthood goals and the barriers to fertility preservation they face.
How young is too young to start focusing on heart attack risk? It is Heart Month and the emphasis on preventing heart disease
Immigrants Drive Change Most of the nation\u2019s population growth since the 1960s has come from the immigration of nearly 59
Growing up, I discovered that l could predict the future. One of my first predictions was in high school
Toughen up \u2013 you\u2019re a wimp. Do you feel it too? The discomfort rising inside when someone perceives you as weak or broken
Ear infection complications can happen when the infections become severe or recurrent. I already discussed common myths about

I was just finishing up a run and slowed down to a jog on the way to my car when a woman, who was running in the opposite
According to the \u201cBig 5\u201d personality traits, extraversion is linked to several advantageous qualities when it comes to our
By Drake Baer Depression is pervasive
Make sure you\u2019re honest with both yourself and others
Their focused pursuit is driven by these habits that you can emulate and absorb.

The global gag rule could create a dangerous health environment for women around the world.
Black Americans are more than twice as likely as white Americans to be unarmed when they're fatally shot by police, a new study says.
Price also advocated for health care companies' interests in letters to officials and proposed laws in their favor.
Ordinary people are easily primed to post nasty online comments, a new study shows.
The vaccines don't stop once you reach adulthood.
The actress has been living with anxiety and OCD since childhood.
A reminder of scientists' important work.
Fewer than half of youth organizations offer testing.
These uncommon genetic variants can have a powerful effect on height, a large-scale new study finds.
A few weeks ago I was invited to the White House and the Capitol to discuss the status of cancer care after the Affordable
Feeling bad about your body may increase risk of heart and metabolic diseases.
Misophonia, a disorder where sounds (and sometimes visuals) cause a severe aversive reaction for sufferers, has existed for
Within 48 hours, food starts to taste better.
There's a downside to all those parties -- especially for older adults.
It could be that soy is protective only if women eat it before cancer develops.
A union reacts after a doctor in Brooklyn is stranded in Sudan due to Trump\u2019s travel ban.
For future doctors, protecting the Affordable Care Act is part of their oath to \do no harm.\
\u201cClearly the status quo isn\u2019t working anywhere, and clearly we need to look at new tools,\ one area health official said.
Eating less sugar and more vegetables and fish might reduce inattention and impulsivity, new research suggests.
Harsh immigration policies can have a negative health effect on immigrants -- and even citizens who share their ethnicity.
It can take several days for the body to react to the cold weather.
It could be as easy as going for a walk three times a week.
And it's amazing.
Researchers discuss the latest evidence at a Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health forum.
Alexis de Tocqueville is one of the founders of the idea of civil service. In the recent past there was a time in America
We still have a long way to go.


This article first appeared on QuietRev.com We don\u2019t do all that much for the holidays. We don\u2019t travel great distances while
One caveat
We already know what happens when we strip reproductive health funding
Go get those vaccines.
Whoa.
Eighty-two percent of people receiving medical care from the Ryan White program no longer have detectable levels of HIV in their blood.
\Nobody ought to be priced out of the market for having a bad diagnosis.\
The Department of Health and Human Services nominee has to answer as a public servant -- and as a doctor.
Trump's press secretary says he swallows two and a half packs of gum before noon.
But if history is any indication, she may not be there long.
A new evolutionary biology study throws mother-daughter conflicts into the mix.
And new research indicates that black women face an even higher risk than white women.
Dare to kick it up a notch?
The easier you think it is to move up the economic ladder, the more OK you are with the way the world works.
About one in five women became pregnant after freezing their eggs, most of them conceiving naturally or through IVF.
Dear President Trump
While there is little research on misophonia, it is currently believed to be a neurological disorder.
Medical marijuana usage is a hot topic today, but many of the politics behind regulation center around biased statistics
Study results cast doubt on the potential for e-cigarettes to work as a smoking cessation aid.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Awe has been getting increased press lately. Along with mindfulness and compassion
Malaria still kills a child in Africa every few minutes.
There is a long tradition of women running as a form of protest.
\u201cWithout investments in research and development, we will remain unequipped when we face the next threat.\
\u201cI\u2019m afraid if you just repeal, people will lose it.\
Sadness is not evidence of error, and being sad that something happened isn\u2019t the same as admitting it shouldn\u2019t have happened.
Pharmaceutical companies aren't investing in antidepressants research because the risks are too high.
It's time to debunk dangerous vaccine myths.
The test could make diet and weight loss studies much more accurate.
Take note before jumping in.
It's spread by the same type of mosquito that spreads Zika virus.
For the past five years, Brian Gomez hasn\u2019t been able to move his arms or legs. That\u2019s slowly changing for Gomez, who is
Carrie Fisher was a mother, daughter, sister, actress and author. She also candidly discussed and openly chronicled her own
I see the ads everywhere... from gym commercials, pop-ups on websites, or promoted ads on Facebook. \u00a0 \u201cYou CAN be a fit mom
This is not my \u201cregular\u201d type of post, but it\u2019s important and funny so I thought I would share it and hopefully it will resonate
In addition to providing better (or any) medical care to millions, the Affordable Care Act also freed countless people like
I want you to know what it feels like when politicians prioritize their hatred of a president and a policy over your literal means to live.
My name is Erica, and I\u2019m a Diet Coke addict. I used to be literally obsessive about Diet Coke. Fountain soda was my favorite
Donald Trump wants to \u201crepeal and replace\u201d the Affordable Care Act (ACA) \u201cquickly.\u201d The United States Congress has already
For the silliest of reasons\u2014what\u2019s written on a plastic wallet card\u2014many Americans are unaware that their health insurance
Landmark research sheds light on the origins of complex life.
This is one of the first cases of a pan-resistant infection in America.
Tom Price is \u201cactually fairly extreme.\u201d
A small win in a losing war against soaring drug prices.
Researchers call for more studies to fill the gaps in knowledge about pot use.
The suicide rate has increased, as has the rate of depression in teens.
You might just be noticing the pain when it's raining.
Your productivity will thank you.
\I'm in tears over this.\
Changes in heart rate and skin temperature could all be signs of an impending illness.
The new study was in mice, not humans, but it could offer clues about \false starvation.\
As Obamacare repeal looms, New York is fighting to maintain insurance coverage for contraception.
The country is still recovering from a yellow fever outbreak.
Just something to consider.
A person\u2019s chronological age doesn\u2019t necessarily indicate their overall health or their risk for certain conditions.
The recall is \out of an abundance of caution,\ the Food and Drug Administration said.
A lot of lives are being saved by drug overdose deaths.
It's not clear if these findings also apply to women.
The updates will automatically be pushed out to St. Jude home monitors that enable doctors to track their performance.
It's all in your form.
After each mass shooting, the NRA and their Congressional lackeys have been making sure the conversation is increasingly
According to a recent study by the University of Scranton, nearly 38 percent of New Year\u2019s resolutions include weight-related
There's nothing worse than whipping out your smartphone during a meeting, and few things will turn someone off to you quite like a mid-conversation text message or even a quick glance at your phone.
Sometimes a hug is better than words!
He called it \reckless\ and \irresponsible.\
\Any kind of interruption in care is going to result in more cases of HIV.\
It's called \musical anhedonia.\
Longer telomeres, longer life.
It will hurt to be around family and friends with living children.
\u201cSlow down - You move too fast\u2026 you gotta make the (moment) last\u2026.\u201d \u2013 Simon and Garfunkel If one of your goals in the New
Relative to the number of lives it claims, gun violence receives little funding for studies.
It could make you seem like an amateur.
Kids need doctors with special training before undergoing certain procedures.
Florida is one of 12 states to ban minors from purchasing cough medicine containing dextromethorphan.
They're wrong.
Some faith-based organizations are offering clean syringes to IV drug users, while others are voicing support for comprehensive treatment.
The best diets are easy to follow, nutritious, safe and effective for weight loss and preventing diabetes and heart disease.
We can't punish our way out of this problem.
The pharmaceuticals industry may be slowing down again.
Talk about some good advice.
\u201cDr. Hyman, how do I know if I\u2019m eating enough fat?\u201d a reader recently asked me. This is an excellent question and one
Instead of tearing apart an effective law that is saving lives, our representatives in Congress should fight to protect it.
Immediately upon being diagnosed with ALS, I heard from doctors, support groups, books, and websites that this disease will
Minding these simple tips will help you keep food in your fridge and money in your pocket.
Love is love no matter any differences we have in our lives.
We\u2019ve seen this story countless times\u2014motivation is at an all-time high for those first few weeks. Everything is operating
There\u2019s an unfinished plastered-over patch of wall in the girls\u2019 bedroom that mocks me. It\u2019s from some work we had done last
When we lose someone we love, we feel grief. Grief is a natural feeling in response to loss. However, grief from our ego
The vomiting illness is increasing in states with legal pot.
Because this disorder can be a real pain.
A mile a day seemed possible \u2014 yet daunting.
It is up to you as to what you would like your life to revolve around. Is it your career? A quality you want to cultivate? Meditation practice itself?

It was difficult for me to become a father. I had no experience in raising children and then suddenly I had two teenagers
Life has taught me many lessons, most of which came after the death of my late husband in 2009. Before his death I didn\u2019t

Spot. On.
One in 54 Americans will develop invasive melanoma \u2013 the rarest and deadliest type of skin cancer \u2013 in their lifetime.
Many of us might feel like 2016 can not end soon enough, and some of us wonder if 2017 will be better. With respect to all
It is important to remember that where there was great love, there will also be deep grief.
How do you really feel about your New Year\u2019s resolution? Be honest. Are you excited? If so, what\u2019s the reason? Is it because
It starts innocently enough. My aunt wants to show photos from their recent vacation, my cousin is looking up the name of
Stigma was on display all year long.
Better understanding between doctors and patients could translate to better health services provided.
We wish we'd written these.
Here's why you shouldn't feel guilty asking Grandma to babysit.
We don't know if that's what happened to Debbie Reynolds, but we do know that grief can have a profound effect on heart health.
In his book\u00a0The Lucky Years, Dr. David Agus explores what he calls \u201cthe power of context.\u201d \u201cIf you throw a lit match into
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Contrary to popular belief, not all introverts are homebodies. I myself love
For people who had the surgery, the most problematic foods were fried foods, soda and pastries.
Man, we're going to miss this woman.
Women face distinct risk factors and symptoms.
America has lost a princess. When Carrie Fisher passed, most Americans were quick to point out the impact Fisher had on cinema
In the day since Carrie Fisher\u2019s passing was announced on Tuesday morning, the actress, author, comedienne, script doctor
Step away from the chips.
South Korean babies like to cuddle the most, and Chilean babies are the most active.
Skip the all-or-none resolutions this year.
\It doesn\u2019t have to be a long or awkward discussion.\
Medicaid matters.
Estimates show that the law has helped at least 20 million Americans get health insurance coverage.
When I speak about growing up with autism to different organizations, schools and businesses, it\u2019s often a surprise for people
At the end of 2014, I took the lessons I learned during that 365 days and wrote about how to be a happier person in 2015
\u201cIt\u2019s almost like these areas of the brain behave according to a neural Golden Rule.\
\Sarah was absolutely brilliant.\
...That do not include chucking your phone out the window.
#9 \u2013 You Will Love Life and Live More Want to live in the moment? You want to enjoy the present, get the most out of every
Why are there so many different theories, complete with the science to back them up, about the traits that contribute to success? I think it's because most wildly successful people are complex -- so complex that many of their defining qualities are paradoxical.
The holidays are a wonderful time of the year. Family, friends, food, fun, and faith are some of the common threads that

If kids can write a letter to Santa and send it to the North Pole, why can\u2019t I? Here\u2019s what I would ask for, now that I\u2019m
A study in New Zealanders shows it isn't because of winter weather
And he offers his profits to schoolmates who can\u2019t afford to buy lunch.
In 2014, 4,200 people in the U.S. died from overdoses involving fentanyl.
\When the next Ebola outbreak hits, we will not be defenseless.\
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com According to the 2015 Chapman University Survey of American Fears, the top three
The government should overhaul its reproductive health policies to support them, researchers say.
My native inclination this time each year is to turn my attention from matters purely medical, and dwell somewhat preferentially
Well this is life changing.
Up to half of elite athletes may be getting too little sleep or have poor quality sleep.
Art buffers against anxieties, research shows.
No, it's not just you.
The length of the day isn\u2019t the only thing that affects sleep.
\u201cAlleviating this burden is a big deal, because minutes cut down traveling to the hospital can literally make the difference for whether a patient lives or dies.\u201d
The early stage trials showed the vaccine was safe and effective at triggering Zika-specific immune responses.
It could have some serious, long-term effects on the child.
By Susan Blumenthal, M.D. and Katherine Perez As Ralph Waldo Emerson once said, \u201cthe first wealth is health.\u201d While reflecting
For many of us, marathon training will soon be in full-swing, with both weekly mileage and the distance of your long runs
The stockings are hung, the tree is trimmed and smells of the season are wafting from the kitchen. But I can\u2019t help but notice
As part of the public discussion \u2014which includes scientific research findings\u2014 I have watched the issue of concussions publicized
Since the passage of the Affordable Care Act in 2010, Republicans have promised to \u201crepeal and replace\u201d President Obama\u2019s
How familiar does this sound? \u201cI was so excited during the whole pregnancy. I went to almost all of the doctors\u2019 appointments
Don't forget to bring the carseat!
This is a disheartening calculation.
\For a huge part of my life I didn\u2019t really want to think about it.\
Sayonara.
Getting good quality sleep is critical for the endocrine system to properly operate. Ninety percent of cell and tissue growth
By Samantha Kubek, Equal Justice Works Fellow, New York Legal Assistance Group Women are the fastest growing veteran population
The longest night and shortest day of the year is coming soon on December 21. With longer dark hours throughout winter, health
This article was originally published in the November 2016 edition of the Tufts Health & Nutrition Letter, a publication
There is a new hot accessory to bring to your psychiatrist\u2019s office...a pet. Just in the past month or so, I have seen what
Coping with Holiday Grief Grief is an already emotionally tough time. It hits everyone differently and the holidays can
Experts say it's still a good idea, despite Trump's vow to repeal the Affordable Care Act
\These bacteria might be moving from health care to community settings.\
Exercise can trigger a heart attack, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't work out.
For SELF, by Korin Miller. Experts suggest a few different factors may be to blame. According to new government data, the
Holiday season is upon us. For many people this is the most joyful time of year, but for those who suffer from chronic disease
The maneuver he invented is believed to have saved more than 100,000 lives.
As we come to the end of 2016, many of us start to look back \u2013 and reflect. The year has been defining \u2013 even redefining
It was 5 pm on a Saturday, and I was watching the minutes pass from my patient\u2019s hospital room. A few minutes earlier, I\u2019d
A new study shows how you categorize important events is shaped by your race, as well as your age.
The discount comes after a government investigation into EpiPen's 2008 price hike.
Do what is best for you.
The most vulnerable rural patients face a \perfect storm of barriers\ to good health.
A new way to cover health.
As a physician I have witnessed, touched and grappled with death. I have fought to bring my patients back to life, and I
The more we drink, the smaller our brains get. Really.
Dear Fear of Missing Out (FOMO), At one time in my life, I felt the surge, the deep and difficult weight, of you constantly
What makes diversity initiatives fail, and how to fix them.
\u201cWe can now save the travel time and bring the treatment right to them.\
This explains why Zika virus can have a devastating impact on babies, even when their mothers had only mild illnesses.
\Opinion about a thing. Hashtag about the opinion. Opinions about the opinion. A hashtag about the hashtag. Seven different consecutive hashtags about the opinion.\
Over the past 20 years, deaths related to substance abuse and mental illness have increased by over 1,000 percent in some areas.
It's time to put this dangerous myth to rest.
A bipartisan research push could serve everyone.
It could have harmful and inaccurate information about sexual health.
Many with long-term illnesses say pets are among their closest relationships.
We\u2019ve come a long way over the last few decades in understanding mental illnesses, and in shedding misconceptions and stigmas
When it comes to building a healthier version of yourself, making changes within your life is a necessity. But as with most
\This would be a setback if people would lose coverage.\
There's a big difference between empathy, sympathy and compassion.
Everyone, everywhere deserves access to high-quality and affordable health care. The global community showed its dedication
I don\u2019t need your comments. I don\u2019t need your judgement. Because I am just fine.

QUADRUPLES.
\We should be careful about the management of depression after a heart attack.\
There have been no new cases of local transmission in South Miami Beach for more than 45 days.
\I don\u2019t think we\u2019ve ever seen anything like this. Certainly not in modern times.\
Critics claim that vaping is an important harm reduction tool.
The worrisome decline is the first in more than two decades.
In the end, we make our situations what they are. Instead of sinking into my hospital bed and losing myself in the process
This was the key question our study asked. \u00a0But before we could even ask this question we had to answer another question
With the holiday season upon us, it is important that travelers with disabilities receive equal treatment under the law. While
This list (as seen with responses here) is for the sake of the remnants of mentally ill people\u2019s sanity, so please do not
They're both equally nutritious.
Because who doesn't want more time in their day?
Not taking mental health seriously can affect a company's bottom line.
\u201cWe need to start concentrating on high-value care.\
Customers are less likely to heat the product enough to kill bacteria.
Welp.
This time with footwear.
In case you missed it, the Center for Science in the Public Interest\u00a0\u2015 with a long and illustrious history of doing just
Do you face the sun each morning?
This is how exercise should be done.
I've represented hundreds of men over the past 17 years in family court and one of the biggest lessons I've learned is how
This Dec. 1, World AIDS Day, marked the beginning of my 40th year of living with HIV. I use this day as the ceremonial start
To all those we have lost... and to all those facing the holidays without a loved one. You were here. A smiling version of
Have you ever tried to break a bad habit, only to give up in frustration? The problem isn't that you're weak or that the bad habit is too ingrained; in all likelihood, you just gave up too soon.


This article first appeared on the blog of Intentional Insights, a nonprofit organization that empowers people to refine
An overdue bravo for its medical personnel.
Maybe make it a guac night.
The President-elect's \vicious\ Tweets have business leaders on edge.
Villagers keep the guppies in barrels of water used for cleaning and cooking.
\u201cYou have to take care of yourself.\u201d
\u201cI gained insight today relating to the correlation my exercise routine and my eating patterns,\u201d she posted on our online
BRB, hopping on the treadmill.
A disorder callously dubbed \u201cSound Rage\u201d by media, misophonia has received marginal attention. Most stories follow a similar
I\u2019m sick and tired of reading the same old reports on the millennial generation. \u201cMillennials are entitled. They\u2019re too sensitive
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com I\u2019m not a scientist\u2014I am a practitioner of public education as an administrator
They called the project \Breaking Good.\
The message
These are too accurate.
\u201cIt helped him and both of us live life fully up until the very end,\u201d said a woman who lost her husband to the disease.
Like many Americans coping with an approaching Trump administration, I have enjoyed clever political jokes and cartoons at
By Susan Blumenthal, MD, MPA It was unusual 30 years ago for a world-famous movie star to fight for a health issue in the
\That\u2019s just not something we can play around with.\
But clean needle exchanges could help.
Take note, Hollywood.
Listen up.
As the holidays approach, it\u2019s very easy to get caught up in the madness. All of a sudden there\u2019s a whirlwind of things to
For SELF, by Emily Abbate. They're right up there with texts from your ex. There are few feelings better than the one you
News stories about Zika have died down in the face of intense election coverage, but that doesn\u2019t mean that any potential
A friendly reminder from science that the flu vaccine isn't linked to autism.
This is the country's first bird flu outbreak in nearly two years.
Psychologists find that inconsistency in childhood routines may have negative effects in the long run.
It's easier than you think.
Obesity rates are still rising.
It's not just in Florida anymore.
Because clich\u00e9 statements are never enough.
The true meaning of Christmas often gets lost in the hustle and bustle of the seasonal obligations.
By Victor Schwartz M.D., Chief Medical Officer, JED and Dan Reidenberg Psy.D., Executive Director, Suicide Awareness Voices
In this season when we are meant to be thankful, but when so many of us have had so many reasons to be otherwise, we have
Why do we so easily pass the moments that require our attention?
Remember the screeching beeps of dial-up internet? Remember driving to Blockbuster to rent a movie? Or leaving a message
Due date
What do Ken Burns and Valerie Simpson have in common? They are both highly accomplished, creative and articulate individuals
\I\u2019ve never seen this before\u201d is never something you want to hear.

On November 4th, the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education (ACGME), the governing body that regulates United
Depression is more than simply \u201cfeeling sad\u201d or being upset. Rather, depression is a serious mental illness that impacts
I\u2019m an introvert and an idealist. That means that I love the holiday season and the idea of holiday gatherings. I often want
By Kyle Benson In a long-term study of 130 newlywed couples, Dr. John Gottman discovered that men who allow their wives to
My husband and I attended a memorial service during the week of Thanksgiving. It was tough on both of us in different ways
If someone you love is struggling with any sort of anxiety, be sure to listen and validate their feelings.
Because of my company I've spent a lot of time learning about being healthier about including alcohol in my lifestyle. Here's my top ten list for how to get drunk as healthily as possible.
Yikes.
There's more to the story than just overeating.
Education may have something to do with it.
\u201cZika is Zika until proven otherwise. We assume that all Zikas are equally dangerous.\
They're also less likely to seek help.
Weight fluctuations are linked with an increased risk of dying of coronary heart disease.
But that doesn't mean Miami Beach is free of the virus.
Here's what you told us works.
The male-female longevity gap existed in historical times, too.
A little food for thought.
Fear not the sinking futon.
The next time you pick up salad from the store, check to see if it's collecting water at the bottom of the bag.
Here's how to deal when you overdo it.
AKA how to be the best host ever.
Not the most conventional exercise move.
Still, the virus remains a threat.
Bringing a child into the world is a beautiful, amazing experience to be part of and no easy task, placing great physical
By Zo\u00eb Schlanger for WIRED. I worked for a number of years, like many people, in an office building with windows that did
The holidays often seem depressing to us because they don\u2019t look how they\u2019re supposed to. And to those of us who have lost
Leadership Guru Peter Drucker says, \u201cThe better a man is, the more mistakes he will make, for the more new things he will
I first learned about bariatric (weight loss) surgery when I was 19.
Lather, rinse, repeat.
There are as many right ways to grieve as there are grieving people.
Trump has promised to repeal Obamacare, but Americans want cheaper prescription drugs and access to more doctors.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com In her book How Women Decide
This goes way beyond the number stitched into your jeans.
A growing number of Americans rely on food pantries for some or all of their meals.
The girl won a historic ruling to preserve her body shortly before her death.
Job burnout can have serious consequences.
It was snowing lightly when I heard the news. It was the kind of snow that melts as soon as it touches your clothing, and
The table is set, the turkey is in the oven, and holiday d\u00e9cor nests \u201cjust so\u201d in every nook and cranny. It\u2019s a familiar
By Cari Romm Ask any random collection of strangers what they look for in a friend, and odds are you\u2019ll get pretty similar
Football icon Mike Ditka thinks concussions are enough of an epidemic to steer our children toward another, less dangerous
Some older people show signs of Alzheimer's in the brain, but keep a sharp memory.
Don't panic just yet.
\u201cMany children do not tell their parents about their depressive symptoms, they may not even recognize them as such.\
Scientists can determine your diet, drugs, cosmetics and whether you spend time outdoors from just a quick swab.
At least it might be good for your bank account.
Thirty years ago, this probably wasn\u2019t supposed to happen. The survival rate for kids like me wasn\u2019t that great. Now, it\u2019s
\Do something that gives you a temporary sense of having some control.\
Success is not always about age.
I think about skin a lot more than most white people. I know that\u2019s a really weird statement, but it\u2019s true. Because my skin
Doctors are hurting and they don't have the time to reach out.
In my customary purview- nutrition, public health, disease prevention- I have had cause to lament periodically the apparent
It's not just PTSD.
Bravo.
Sunshine can do wonders for your mood, according to new research.
By Cari Romm History has given gin a bit of a bad rap. In 18th-century England, as Eater explains in its history of the spirit
Natural selection helped weed out the most harmful Neanderthal DNA.
And how to recognize when to walk away.
And it's not for the reason you might think.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Marzi, otherwise known as Introvert Doodles, is our newest contributor! Watch
Permission to Instagram the hell out of your sticker.
It's totally normal.
Science has the answer.
Mosquitos are really lazy.
From marathoners who actually did it.
Researchers couldn't replicate a famous experiment from the 1980s.
Because we could all use a little more Zen on Nov. 8.
But there's a healthy way to do it.
This sounds all too familiar.
In the primaries, supporters of both Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders had something in common. They were motivated by their
If this story is not proof that our country is in the midst of an epidemic, what more will it take?
It's already been linked to four deaths.
Our lives will never be the same.
Life, like business, runs on questions, not answers. Let's take a closer look at some of the tough questions we should be asking ourselves regularly.
And what to do about it.
Thanks for the info, science!
Downward Fluffy beats downward dog every time.
#Nocheating
Using alcohol and marijuana together may put you at risk for alcohol-related problems.
It's not just the candidates.
The U.S. food industry spends $1.79 billion on marketing foods to children each year.
The country also confirmed its first microcephaly case.
What Berkeley and Mexico can teach the rest of us.
Local smoking laws can make a huge difference.
Women who ask for the medication prefer it because they can end a pregnancy at home, with a partner, in a manner more like a miscarriage.
The finding needs to be corroborated in human beings.
Nailed it.
\u201cAir pollution affects poor children the most.\
Kenzie Brenna does not want your cure for her cellulite.
One thing is certain, I still stumble over the question when people ask, \u201cHow many children do you have?\u201d I dread the decision
Peak performance and discomfort go hand in hand. Stepping outside of your comfort zone makes you better, and it doesn't have to be something as extreme as climbing Mount Everest.
NHS to offer safer Down syndrome test October is Down Syndrome Awareness Month. For weeks the web was flooded with beautiful
This needs to change.
It happens to everyone
These feelings don\u2019t come with labels. They just invade our sense of safety, self and even sanity without permission or warning.
At least it still tastes good in mixed drinks.
In the recent years, the United States has struggled greatly over illicit drug use. In 2013, an estimated 24.6 million Americans
Do you have someone in your life who has major depression or bipolar disorder and refuses to get professional treatment? This
It's fascinating how mentally strong people set themselves apart from the crowd. Where others see impenetrable barriers, they see challenges to overcome.
They get a discount, but the Pentagon paid retail prices for the EpiPen for years.
\Stigma remains pervasive in society and many veterans still do not seek help when needed.\
Because you deserve it.
This woman is exercise goals.
Scientists have long suspected that HIV had been circulating in the U.S. for a decade before the first few AIDS cases were identified in Los Angeles 1981.
Early research indicates that high-THC marijuana may contribute to problematic use.
Water beats diet soda for weight loss, and in other news the sky is blue.
How to chill even when you have 100 unread emails.
Cuba has excelled at population health, even with modest resources.
\I\u2019m pretty sure that in the world\u2019s most vulnerable places, these moms wouldn\u2019t even think twice.\u201d
Your daily hormone cycle plays an important role.
A small study of boys' brain scans before and after football season found changes to their brains' white matter.
Cardiac implant attacks could potentially be life-threatening.
Because they are.
Regular weed smokers experienced more bone fractures than people who'd never smoked.
This election season has been extremely charged and emotionally taxing across the board. With the end in sight, I am seeing
The Teal Pumpkin Project was started by a local mom in Tennessee before Food Allergy Research and Education (FARE) expanded
Researchers mapped the happiest, healthiest tweets around the nation.
The placebo phenomenon is real.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com One in five million children is born a prodigy, meaning she or he will reach
Hopefully this will make it easier for parents to get their kids the shots they need.
Some migraine-triggering foods -- like processed meats -- contain nitrates.
Joe Biden says he'll devote the rest of his life to working on the moonshot.
Five ways artificial intelligence can improve our lives.
Grab the soap, and don't share your makeup brushes.
There are some worries you just don't outgrow.
Your go-to pee source has arrived.
Read this before the next time you cross time zones.
This is unacceptable. And it disparages a lot of people who vote.
Women may not know that sometimes pregnancy can be abusive.
It\u2019s so simple, but studies show it makes all the difference.
The area is about one square mile.
Get ready for a spike in births.
Just say no.
Will we ever learn?
\Not sure if it's cold or flu or I'm dying.\
Research on other robbery victims lines up with Kim\u2019s experience.
These are unreal.
A 20 percent tax could reduce the consumption of sugary drinks by the same proportion.
How long before urine trouble?
\Mental health is not a dirty word.\
Antibiotics can change both the patient and the hospital environment.
The drawings are relatable for everyone.
Not unless he or she is backed by a reputable health source.
I've learned that it's OK not to have the career I thought I once deserved. What I actually deserve is a healthy, happy, fulfilled existence.
Set up boundaries
\It's silent anxiety attacks, hidden by smiles.\
Maybe -- but not for the reason you would think.
While some doctors take major money from industry, most get less than $50 per year.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com The world\u2019s biggest stage\u2014the Olympic Games. To medal, especially gold, is to
Learning more about the genetics of food preference could help scientists develop appetite-suppressing drugs.
After his 34-year-old wife suffered a devastating asthma attack and later died, the Boston writer Peter DeMarco penned the
This is what goes through Bey's mind at the gym.
Men with eating disorders are speaking up.
By teaching critical thinking skills early, we can stop a lot of nonsense before it begins.
This is a big change from the '90s.
While the risk is low, someone could break into the pump to overdose someone on insulin.
And residents are getting sick.
Get in shape with the celebrity trainer without all the bells and whistles.
Some homeopathic medicine practitioners may have anti-vaccine views.
A traumatic experience in college launched an exercise routine as good for the mind as it is for the body.
Dan Harris says everyone should meditate every day for five minutes.
Now THIS is how you talk about mental health and the military.
They had to use funding earmarked for cancer and Ebola research to fight Zika in the U.S.
Not a trick question.
We would never keep friends if we talked to them like we talk to ourselves.
Dr. Sameera Ahmed, Ph.D. is Director of The Family & Youth Institute; co-editor of \u2018Counseling Muslim
When I was diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder at age 36, I understood perhaps for the first time that I was human.
At the time, I\u2019m sure I had absolutely no idea what it said.
You won\u2019t see tons of pictures of me out with family and friends on social media.
In our minds, it\u2019s never ever completely over.
The actor suffered from Lewy body disease.
It's surprising how easy it is to lose sight of the important things in life. Busy schedules and weekly routines have a tendency to put the brain on autopilot.
It's an emotional roller coaster.
A tale of two states.
Rich and poor, alike.
Earlier this week, Thailand confirmed its first two cases of Zika-related birth defects.
Festive eating in Japan, Germany and the U.S. all led to the same thing.
The virus cannot be spread from person to person.
Researchers aren't exactly sure how they're going to use the information yet.
It's amazing what tattoo artists can accomplish.
But it's VERY unusual.
Drug-resistant bacteria are a growing threat to modern medicine.
This will mean a whole lot fewer finger pricks for people with type 1 diabetes.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Dear Mom, The big question appalled and surprised parents often ask their child
Are you signed up to be a bone marrow donor
Yikes.
Well this is win-win.
Many people's realities make lifestyle reform a nearly impossible luxury.
It's not clear where Kellogg may have found Listeria in its Eggo waffle facility.
This may explain why obesity runs in families.
A very special #MotivationMonday
Society tends to believe that grief makes you sad. If only grief was this simple. If you have lost someone you love, you
A Slate essay is a scary window into the relationship between scientists and soda companies.
One consumer found pieces of rubber in the product.
Creativity's migration story, mapped.
Good fat, bad fat? It might only matter if you chill out.
First of all, they are expensive.
\u201cOur last line of defense against gonorrhea is weakening.\
The products affected contain chocolate chip cookie dough pieces.
Both over-the-counter and prescription drugs can cause a fatal reaction.
He wants to make it easier for patients to get into clinical trials.
Take that, malaria. \ud83d\udc4a
The U.N. is convening a landmark meeting this week on antibiotic resistance, but scientists are concerned the action may be too late.
\u201cPeople are definitely exposed to each other at a higher intensity\u201d in college dorms and other shared spaces.
There are many blog posts written by patients that talk about ways to promote a relationship between patient and physician
Low self-esteem is not uncommon to many people. In fact, I would suggest more people suffer from a lower level of self
1. Know the Facts Relevant to You For men at average risk, about one man in seven will be diagnosed with prostate cancer
When diagnosed with cancer, you hope for a boring, run-of-the-mill, highly curable one. Yet many diagnoses pose both scientific

I used to not know how to say \u201cno\u201d to the people in my life\u2013my clients, my family and friends. I didn\u2019t want to disappoint
In 2014, more than 14,000 people \u2015 nearly 40 per day \u2015 died from overdoses of prescribed opiates.
\u201cI may be hairy like a man but I'm still a queen.\
The next time you tell yourself that you'll sleep when you're dead, realize that you're making a decision that can make that day come much sooner. Pushing late into the night is a health and productivity killer.
Scientists have made huge strides creating treatments for leukemia, which used to be the most fatal pediatric cancer.
These results are the \missing pieces in the jigsaw\ proving a causal link between Zika and microcephaly.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Forget four-letter words. I can withstand most swears, even inventive ones, with
Are you alive? Will you be alive for the next four years?
The mosquito-borne virus is clearly the biggest threat.
A love letter to fit girls everywhere \ud83d\udcaa
The EpiPen, a pre-filled automated syringe used to treat serious allergic reactions, is the latest example of what happens
To paraphrase Franklin Delano Roosevelt
Sweet.
Many hospitals charge more than 20 times the cost of services.
By Nick Brown SAN JUAN, Sept 12 (Reuters) - It began with what felt like a punch in the throat. I assumed it was irritation
In a post-lunch haze, I sit at my desk going through a stack of papers that have been accumulating since the turn of the
Being a vegan is not a decision that should be made carelessly.
I used to be afraid of Alzheimer\u2019s. Petrified, actually. A First Meeting With Alzheimer\u2019s My first exposure to the disease
It is always best to err on the side of caution.
Many years ago physicians were above all, they were not questioned nor doubted. They did not have to explain their recommendations
Sometimes it becomes too much, and we need a break.
You deserve to feel happy and vibrant.
There are times when we all feel cursed by fate. A person who has experienced suicidal ideation knows this feeling well. That
Words. Words have the power to build us up and to tear us down. They bring joy and laughter, sometimes sadness, sometimes
This marks an end to decades of confusion for patients and providers.
Consider this permission to splurge on that $40 bootcamp class.
I sometimes look back and think, \u201cHow did it go by so fast?\u201d
Scare tactics don't work, haven't we learned that yet?
We all know the feeling. Boom. It happens so fast. We are casually glancing at a social media site, and the trigger enters
By Danielle Fontana for NewBeauty If you\u2019re lactose intolerant, vegan or simply staying away from dairy, think twice before
Maybe you know what you should be doing to get your health back on track. Then again, maybe you don\u2019t. Theories on how to
1. Oatcakes are a low glycaemic index (GI) food so will keep your child energised throughout the day and are fantastic source
I\u2019ll admit being somewhat obsessed with nutrition and health, I delight in creating my grocery shopping list with foods I
32. Ithaca, New York Premature death rate
2) Let her bring board games or magazines to share. These provide a nice break from over-stimulating activities. I hope your
Yes, even household chores are a feat.
Flights and hotel bookings are down after news of the outbreak hit.
Your mind is playing tricks on you.
Me
When you lose somebody you love it can be very painful and may even have long term consequences. You may feel alone and lost
\If it\u2019s a true effect, it\u2019s a modest effect.\
The association was stronger if patients received antibiotics more than once.
As a recurrent pregnancy loss specialist, part of my job is to talk with my patients about their emotional as well as their
To succeed in this new era of painkiller regulation, you will need to be an engaged advocate for your own well-being.
It is fairly easy to get confused over what your body wants and what your body needs. For instance, your body needs carbohydrates
It\u2019s a funny story, actually... I\u2019d been signing copies of my latest book, and was walking out of Politics and Prose when
If you have lost someone you love, you know that there are no guidelines or instructions on how to get through your grief
\u201cRemembering that I\u2019ll be dead soon is the most important tool I\u2019ve ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life
A four-day week causes workers to squeeze more hours than usual into a day. For workers who are already prone to overwork, the additional burden of compressing five days into four could literally break the camel's - or worker's - back.
It's not what you'd think.
Pay attention to your body and know what works for you.
With the overwhelming majority of addiction treatment programs and recovery residences in this country demanding complete
Death is terrifying.\u00a0 In fact, the concept of death has led many a person to an all-out existential crisis. \u00a0Death is so
That pre-swim shower? Not optional.
This past year, I lost two dear friends who were also two of the great loves of my life to suicide. Like most suicides, they
Last week, at my home address, I received a letter with a pocket card enclosed, from Vivek H. Murthy, MD, MBA, our current
We, too, were living below poverty level and barely getting by, and we, too, lived in a world full of Malfoys.
Even if you make small improvements, you can still greatly improve your heart health.
\This find is disappointing, but not surprising.\
Guillain-Barre causes gradual weakness and in some cases, temporary paralysis.
Rock on, runners.
It will get better. Promise.
No word yet about whether or not the drug can relieve Alzheimer's symptoms.
The difference in vaccination rates wasn't just for the HPV vaccines, either.
\u201cWith this study, we now know that virus may persist for a year or longer.\u201d
Contaminated strawberries are to blame. \ud83c\udf53
The ancient toe from a human relative in South Africa could have important implications for modern medical research.
A new complication for the babies of women infected during pregnancy.
Sexual transmission is a critical concern.
\Sleep more. I don\u2019t think anyone understands how important it is.\
Take note, universe.
Often we want to help, but we don\u2019t know how.
In light of EpiPen's price hike, people are looking for other options.
Even better news? One of them is already on the market.
I went for a walk last week. But my fitbit wasn\u2019t charged. And then my wireless headphones weren\u2019t charged. Oh and then there
Taking care of yourself takes on a whole new meaning when you hit your 30s.
Some doctors are refusing to treat families if the parents won't vaccinate.
The new product will cost $300 per two-pack.
It's either way harder or exactly as hard as you might think.
Getting old has some surprising perks.
\u201cThe transfusion of a pregnant woman with blood infected with the Zika virus could have terrible consequences.\
I describe the geneticist role as a puzzle solver.
Acts of speech hold power. When I was approximately 23, a simple utterance reminded me of this. The ire coldness of the air
Hans Christian Andersen\u2019s classic fairy tale is about a young girl whose sleep is disrupted by a pea tucked beneath a stack
It's incapable of measuring the most important health markers.
While we don't have all of their data, it's fair to say that they are both mentally sharper than the \average\ person with their chronological age, and from a health perspective, likely fit to be president.

I was 30 years old when I started to disappear, each day a little more \u2015 piece by piece. At first it didn\u2019t bother me that
Remember that time you dropped a few pounds, felt really good about yourself and then you got on Instagram to take a photo
Getting votes is a priority, but preventing health problems should be a concern.
My goal is to be able to maintain just enough fitness to prepare my body to naturally sustain energy and endurance.
It\u2019s 2 p.m. and I just woke up from a nap. No, it\u2019s not the weekend. And no, I\u2019m not on vacation. It\u2019s just a normal workday
Can a single session of psychotherapy be enough for some problems? An anthology by a distinguished group of therapists entitled
Overdose deaths have quadrupled since 1999.
Inside the lifesaving -- and increasingly expensive -- allergy drug.
Take that, stigma.
libertarianism \u02ccl\u026ab\u0259\u02c8t\u025b\u02d0r\u026a\u0259\u02ccn\u026az(\u0259)m/ noun a laissez-faire political philosophy advocating only minimal state intervention
\I'm left disappointed, saddened and deeply concerned by Mylan's actions.\
There are more than 40 confirmed Zika cases in the state and Gov. Rick Scott says more action is needed.
The process is not one size fits all.
Yes, seriously.
\Do not stop to pet the dog. Do not stop to pet the dog.\
Twinning = winning \ud83d\udc6f
The company's CEO got a 671 percent pay hike.
Some of the time at least...
I don\u2019t understand why people get Botox injections\u2026 they invariably look like someone has snuck up behind them and pulled
The virus also continues to spread in the Wynwood neighborhood of Miami.
EpiPens, used to counter allergic reactions, dramatically increased in price this year.
Obesity may affect the way your genes are expressed.
\u201cDr. Hyman, I\u2019m about to start your Eat Fat, Get Thin Plan, which is completely different from the way my family normally
Being a celebrity can make it even harder to tell the truth.
Genius.
Frozen scallops supplied to the restaurant have now been recalled in 3 states.
Pokemon Go fans, listen up!
Nutritionists working with Olympians share athletes\u2019 medal-worthy sports nutrition secrets that will work for you, too.
Ever been hit with a freight train of bricks? I\u2019m talking, all of a sudden and out of the blue?\u00a0 In March of 2016, life as
The anticipation was building \u2015 soon the day would arrive. It was another week of doctor\u2019s appointments to be sure that the
I was walking across the medical centre car park when one of my patients called me over and suddenly asked \u201cDoc, can I
A recent study might give us some hints as to what makes certain types of social media \u201csticky.\u201d
Did you know a panic attack can feel like a heart attack? I didn\u2019t, but I do now.
Be an actual mermaid \ud83d\udcab
When you think about a successful leader, I\u2019m sure a reserved, unassuming introvert is not what popped into your head. Studies
A single event can torch anywhere from a handful to thousands of calories, but all athletes need high-quality fuel.
\u201cNever before has a mosquito-borne virus been capable of sexual transmission.\u201d
I\u2019ve always wanted to see South Africa\u2019s majestic wildlife and to truly be one with nature. Shortly after I started freelancing
You can be chronically ill and still feel like cracking a smile once in a while.
How much of an impact does emotional intelligence (EQ) have on your personal and professional success? The short answer is
Pushing your bedtime back -- even for Michael Phelps -- can have serious consequences.
\Expect more Zika infections in the days and months to come,\ CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden said.
Dr. Drew's comments about Hillary Clinton are all kinds of wrong.
We often make it much harder than it needs to be.
This could be why some people learn empathy more quickly than others.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com For a long time, I felt like I wasn\u2019t going anywhere. I had big goals as a writer
Miami Beach attracted 15.5 million visitors last year.
The EpiPen, an easy-to-use injectable shot filled with medicine that can stop a life-threatening allergic reaction, has increased
It's not clear how much acetaminophen the women took, nor how often they took it.
Exercising and socializing are just as important as what you eat.
That was fast.
Straighten that posture.
What everyone gets wrong about sunscreen.
Low-carb, high-fat diets almost always lead to worse athletic performance.
The author of a new report is calling for action.
Ever noticed how it\u2019s much easier to rattle off parts of yourself that you don\u2019t like than to list all the traits that make
After quitting smoking, practicing physical activities and good nutrition are the best things you can do to be healthy and
The doctor-patient relationship is one of the most important relationships we will ever have.
No, we are not, absolutely not, emphatically NOT clueless about the basic care and feeding of Homo sapiens. The fundamental
Gratitude is a practice. Befriending what we haven\u2019t chosen is also a practice.
Also known as \being Katie Ledecky.\
Some occupations make it harder to live a healthy lifestyle.
Did it help? An investigation.
Short on women's health resources, long on Zika virus.
Puerto Rico has an estimated 10,690 confirmed cases of Zika, but there may be even more.
Officials are looking into a new confirmed Zika case outside the Wynwood neighborhood.
The Olympic champion is getting real about the disorder.
Rivalries motivate athletes to be better, but also create drama.
It\u2019s time to wake up to the serious effects of drowsy driving.
Trust us, you won\u2019t regret it.
Hint
So far, so good!
Despite a national initiative to reduce obesity, the percentage of obese Americans has risen in the past ten years. In 2004
You've asked a doctor, \How long until I can run?\
Recently, I had what felt like a minor landslide of overwhelm hit my life. \u00a0As a life and career coach, I work with clients
Whether it\u2019s at work or home, we all get stressed out. Regular stress increases your risk of heart disease and stroke. Extremely
Why did she stay? This is often the first question that comes to mind when someone hears of a bad outcome between a victim
What is now recognized as the #1 health threat in the United States? Stress. Studies show that 60% of Americans are moderately

The good news is that the percentage of athletes who will catch an infection is small -- less than 10 percent.
And it's just an appetizer!
We're heavier, not taller.
Let's give credit where credit is due.
\Emotions should be put first. It's the most important thing.\
These hurdles need to be eliminated.
The campaign will cover a 10-mile area that includes the active transmission hub.
Food and tobacco habits start early.
We hate to break it to you.
New research finds happier people appreciate the achievements of the runners-up.
Want to live longer? Cut out processed meat.
This is likely the first of several Zika virus mini-outbreaks the U.S. will see.
She wants to make other parents don't suffer a loss like hers.
Please don't leave us.
Delays in our current process put Americans at risk.
\At night, when I'm going to bed, I'll plug my phone in, and then I'll plug myself in.\
Yoga can provide many benefits for people who are suffering from back pain\u2013it can help increase strength in the back and
Mental illness is not synonymous with being dangerous.
Florida has yet to invite a dedicated team of the federal government\u2019s disease hunters to assist with the investigation on the ground.
One of these cases involves a woman and the other three involve men.
Avoid artificial light at night.
A new study legitimizes wheat sensitivity -- and a blood test could change everything.
\u201cEvidence is mounting to suggest local transmission via mosquitoes is going on in South Florida.\
Physical inactivity also costs the global economy about $67.5 billion a year.
Your stressful week has nothing on this sequence.
Hours spent watching TV is a pretty good way to see how sedentary you are.
There's way too little data to make any conclusive claims on the topic.
A new task force report eliminates the recommendation that patients do self-exams.
\There\u2019s a different feeling that you have when you\u2019re lying down versus when you\u2019re seated upright.\
Lovato nails why it's important to vote for lawmakers who understand mental illness.
People's judgements of themselves are linked to their perceptions of others.
There's a link between behavior and mood.
I spent more hours occupied by the EA Sports Madden franchise than I care to admit.
After three days at the International Positive Education Festival, attendees could not help but to feel renewed. First, Angela
When we think of dreaming, we typically think of being in a different place \u2013 another state of consciousness, a dream world
They also saw $165.2 million in Medicare savings.
Splish, splash, STD?
Soak up the sun while having fun!
My home has lost its address and its front lawn. Home is simply
Invisible injuries are often dismissed by those who don\u2019t truly understand.
If you've recently had a drink, we have some terrible news for you.
Because of the scare tactics, including graphic images of bad teeth, many have been pushed into over-brushing.
Florida may be the first state to record a local Zika virus infection.
Exercise has never looked so cute.
A small group of thin patients who develop disorders typically tied to obesity pose a medical mystery and a potential opportunity for scientists.
Don't worry, we're not on our way to a \Gattaca\-style society.
Many recipes exceed the calorie recommendations for young kids.
Sometimes, \I'm sorry\ isn't enough.
Go home, you're drunk.
There has yet to be a case of local transmission by mosquitoes in the continental United States.
Never let stigma stop you from seeking help.
Let go of your long day.
Can we please stop making these damaging assumptions?
Norovirus thrives in enclosed spaces.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Last week, eight rambunctious first-graders were dropped off at our apartment
Just as long as you lift to the point of exhaustion.
The caregiver had not visited a Zika-outbreak zone.
Just because you want one, doesn't mean you're going to get one.
Tall and short people have different likelihoods of cancer, injury and even longevity.
Disorders should not be cash grabs.
The scariest aspect of anxiety is its residency in my brain. It is not a darker side of me, or a reflection of me. It is
Seven tips to help you practice self-care amid chaos.

All previously reported cases of sexually transmitted Zika virus infections have been from men to their partners.
The new game gets people off the couch and into the streets.
Well that's one way to get a workout.
The royal showed the world how quick and easy it is to get tested.
Rule No. 1
Phil Konstantin has been lobbying for drowsy driving awareness for almost two decades.
It's a fantasy that you control.
Redheads need to be especially diligent about staying out of the sun.
These give a whole new meaning to \twist and shout.\
It's one big step forward.
Seriously, literally.
No illnesses reported to date from the products.
The human brain is a fascinating machine.
\u201cThis is not just an extension of your work from a different location,\u201d says Matthews. \u201cThe problem with feeling compelled
It is COMMON to leak urine when you are coughing or sneezing, but that does not make it NORMAL.
Working moms are juggling more than ever before, and it means that we\u2019re also all feeling more overwhelmed than ever before
The exact cause of death was unknown, but the elderly resident was infected with Zika while traveling.
So far, seven babies have been born with Zika-related birth defects.
Our brains view unapologetic attitudes as powerful.
The Olympic games are a great opportunity to learn more about Zika virus.
It's unfair and discriminatory, but it also serves our egos.
Indulge in some academic journals or critically acclaimed fiction instead.
Texting is more than a \simple distraction.\
Yep, you read that right.
Sleep data suggests that people lost sleep after the Brexit referendum.
These sustainably-produced condoms are headed for the Olympic Village.
\It is our collective responsibility to be alert and to be ready to challenge the behavior we see around us.\
But for Julie Flygare, that's not the worst part of living with the disease.
The United States is beautiful, from its mountains, to its prairies, to its oceans, whether placid on a given day, or white
Don\u2019t let your days roll by in the continual humdrum.
The test results come a week after 18-year-old Lauren Seitz died from an amoeba she contracted at the park.
\u201cMindfulness is the miracle which can call back in a flash our dispersed mind and restore it to wholeness so that we can
The Fourth of July always brings a slew of patients with fireworks injuries into ERs across the country. But it's not solely an Independence Day phenomenon. Federal researchers track data on those injuries year-round.
Some products are better than others when it comes to protection from the sun.
Let freedom (and your earbuds) ring.
\You think you can power through and get home, but we know in actuality, that's not going to cut it.\
Bosses and companies must balance health with privacy.
Another lost pregnancy was also linked to the virus.
The island nation has also nearly eliminated dengue fever.
Talking about IBS doesn\u2019t make a great date conversation.
BECOMING RADIANT \When you understand who and what you are, your radiance projects into the universal radiance and everything
\Traditionally women have not been treated as aggressively as men.\
City cabbies insist they know when to take a break.
Here's something you probably aren't doing when you're not doing that other thing you're supposed to do.
Does it really tell you anything?
Don't let a challenge knock you down.
The urban legend that smarter people are more likely to get brain tumors might have some truth to it.
From pandemic protection to food safety, Britons will lose.
We can do better.
It's risky -- and common.
The study indicates that women may be shying away from giving birth due to the possibility of birth defects.
It kept them focused on both the championship and the team.
Leave your worries at the door.
Pull out your mat and find your inner peace.
\I really believe that a child\u2019s mental health is just as important as his or her physical health.\
The barbarity of the Orlando club massacre casts a pall on our civilization. Yet, as many have said, what we need more
Now where did I get such a wild idea? In Vishen Lahkiani's The Code of the Extraordinary Mind,\u00a0readers are exposed to what
\But you're on medication. Shouldn't that help?\
The EPA pointed to numerous challenges as Flint tries to improve its water supplies.
Shocking, we know.
This could encourage other cities to start taxing soft drinks.
Turns out color-coding works wonders.
M&Ms could disappear from McFlurries and Blizzards as a result.
When your desk is better for sleep than your bedroom, something is off.
All three cases involved women who had traveled to areas active with Zika outbreaks.
Still, it's \it is critically important\ to continue to monitor those babies.
Your long work hours could be masking a serious condition.
\I give thanks to the power of struggle that I have endured.\
Happiness, achieved.
Yet another example of human kindness.
Let go of stress and get going!
Poor air quality isn\u2019t just an environmental issue.
Researchers find 'no conclusive evidence' that coffee causes cancer but suggests very hot coffee can.
His comments on Orlando are just the most recent example.
Here's how you can cope.
But they're concentrated in the Southeast and Southwest.
Decisions made from the third eye are appropriate for all individuals who might be affected by them, because the third eye generations a spiritually attuned view.
It's often mislabeled as the \baby blues.\
The human body is a magical (and sometimes uncontrollable) machine.
People living in areas where the Zika virus is circulating should consider delaying pregnancy to avoid having babies with
Hint
Everything you're searching for may already be within reach.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com I don\u2019t know about you, but I know I am definitely more motivated to go for a
Teens are severely sleep-deprived. This needs to change.
Greg Rutherfod's partner will not attend the Games at all.
Mediterranean diet, FTW.
\u201cSleep is the most important thing when it comes to recovery.\u201d
Summer means fun in the sun, but the sun also means that you have to protect your skin.
\It requires open data, open collaboration, and above all open minds.\
He may not be the last.
The organization will assess the risk of holding the Olympics in Rio.
Blame your hardwiring.
Staying well-rested can lead to better performance.
Bye bye, bad mood.
You might think that a few piles of clothes here, stacks of books and magazines there, and junked-up dresser drawers aren't hurting anyone. Think again. All of that clutter overcrowding your personal space might be affecting your health.

We all need to play a role in the fight against superbugs.
Both kinds of smokers are at high risk of gum disease.
Find some reassurance.
In honor of the first-ever World Eating Disorders Action Day on June 2, actor Keanu Reeves and his To the Bone cast members
It's not all bad news.
A woman visiting the U.S. has given birth to a baby with microcephaly after contracting Zika elsewhere, officials said.
The death rate in the United States rose last year for the first time in a decade, preliminary federal data show, a rare
Grass stains are no match for a royal doing some vinyasa.
Kashi Co also announced a recall of one variety each of its granola and granola bars.
Heading to Rio? Here's what you need to know.
Don't forget this at your next appointment.
The virus was first discovered at a federal detention center.
The results could one day create a genetic test that identifies people who need extra help.
How can a 24-year-old medical student really understand what a patient 50 years older is experiencing?
I never know which stage of grief I'm in because I flip flop hourly. I don't grieve the loss of a loved one, but I do grieve the loss of myself. The loss of the life I once had. Now I live within the confines of my chronic pain and it's that thunderous pain that dictates how my minutes will go. Oh how I yearn for my old life.
Until you experience death as a gift, your work's not done. So if you're afraid of it, that shows you what to question next. There's nothing else to do; you're either believing these childish stories, or you're questioning them--there's no other choice.
There is no statue of limitations on past issues and it's never too late to bring up a previously discussed subject. As long as our commitment is to heal the damage and restore trust and harmony, it's likely that the results of our efforts will be deeply and mutually fulfilling!
Ms. Huffington's book can educate you beautifully on how to do this. I recommend you pick up a copy of Sleep Revolution today and read it as you're going to bed each night (instead of playing on your phone!)
Nothing of value can be achieved or accomplished without being properly motivated to reach your goals. Without motivation, you are destined to fall short. That's why in this world, staying motivated is half the battle.
It affects more than a bottom line.
There is a better way!
If you get your news from social media, the headline is especially important.
An Army sleep scientist is pushing for Trauma-Associated Sleep Disorder to be officially recognized.
Leave this habit behind.
These statements are too true.
Babies born very prematurely are less likely to be 'go-getters' than those born at term.
Don't wait for high-level changes to take control of your health.
The equivalent of not sleeping well is like running in the same place but not going anywhere. Oh no wait, I just described
I don't need to be an addict myself to know that it is poison. Each bag, a bullet. Each snort or injection, the spin of the cylinder. This is our generation's Russian Roulette.
More than one-third of the world's global burden of disease can be ameliorated with access to surgical care. While this statistic is overwhelming, it is possible to achieve with concerted planning and efforts.
Worker health depends on not just quantity, but timing of hours too.
Several factors may have prompted data to be skewed.
The strain of virus that causes fetal brain abnormalities has been found in Africa.
Although today\u2019s farmers markets seem more concerned with the authenticity of the heirloom pedigrees of their produce than
Life expectancy across the globe has increased by five years since 2000, the fastest rise in lifespans since the 1960s, according
\This is a missed opportunity to prevent prescription drug misuse among children.\
\One of the immediate ways we can see the impact of sleep deprivation is by what happens to our mood.\
Motivation is closer than you think.
We feel you, girl.
Go on, greet the day.
This simple activity is no longer just for kids.
You can do it!
Here\u2019s why that\u2019s good and bad news.
Some of the oats company's quinoa granola bars may have been contaminated.
Every little bit of activity helps.
Most of the people I know swear by coffee to start the day, but personally? I just don\u2019t feel ready to wake up and face the
A man whose penis was removed because of cancer has received the first penis transplant in the United States, at Massachusetts
Tap into your potential.
Restaurants will have to disclose the calorie counts of their food next year.
The celebrity trainer has a proposal for the metabolism slowdown.
We must establish integrated health systems that address all of the health needs of mothers and their children. Only then, can we begin to say that we are delivering real results for women in need across the globe.
You needn\u2019t run a marathon to improve your wellness.
Antibiotic resistance is one of the greatest health threats worldwide.
Chances are you're not a bodybuilder.
Give yourself a little love.
Moms and dads, this one's for you.
You're going to have to dig deep if you want to stay physically active.
The NBC show's lead doctor is \evaluating\ the findings of a recent study that raised questions about its drastic approach to weight loss.
Get rid of those worries.
We can thank Kind bars for this long overdue regulation.
It's more than a little unnerving.
Rethink your lighting!
Would any country grappling with a serious infectious disease outbreak invite hundreds of thousands of international travelers to visit?
That was the conclusion of a panel at the Harvard School of Public Health on falling \Asleep at the Wheel.\
Release the tension.
Break out the leg warmers.
You have the power to turn anything around.
Make a change.
Cultural pressures can override your biological sleep clock.
When someone pointed out Michael Turner's stutter as a teenager, it wouldn\u2019t just ruin that single conversation. Sometimes
Getting enough sleep can be a life-or-death issue.
A great leader \isn't always the person that's saying the right thing.\
So don't feel bad when it happens to you.
Build yourself up instead of tearing yourself down.
Focusing on your breath and body during exercise can improve your performance.
Many apps suggest people reach out to peers -- rather than a crisis hotline or therapist -- for help.
Wait till you hear the song playing on the car radio.
At what point do our devices start hurting us, rather than helping?
The first time I filed my taxes on my own was quite the experience. Here are a few thoughts I had during the process
Friends don't let friends do sad solo workouts.
Find a little reassurance.
Even ~we~ have a thing or two to learn from the \ud83d\udca4 experts
The use of e-cigarettes is on the rise among U.S. middle and high school students.
Pregnant women who get the flu are at increased risk for hospitalization, intensive care and death.
You've got this.
Straighten that spine.
About one in 133 Americans have the disease.
Nightmare stories of nurses giving potent drugs meant for one patient to another and surgeons removing the wrong body parts
They may come with a side of plastic.
Go with the flow.
There's no shame in seeking help.
Let's get physical. \ud83d\udcaa\ud83d\udcaa\ud83d\udcaa
ICYMI Sleep features the highlights of what we learned about sleep this week.
But do we really want to take nutrition advice from a 19th-century poet anyway?
People with larger social networks have a higher tolerance for pain.
I love the feeling of my beating heart \u2014 the rush of blood in my face and limbs, the scrape of heavy breath in my lungs, the
People who don't speak English may suffer in many areas of the health care system.
Sleep can actually affect cholesterol -- and poor sleepers are far more likely to smoke.
Many popular supplements contain too little of the bacteria-fighting ingredient to have any effect.
Although Zika deaths are rare, severe cases are possible.
Watch the industry leaders discuss importance of sleep amid busy lives
Obesity, stress and cell phone use were linked to DNA fragmentation in sperm.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com I don\u2019t see you much anymore. And when I do, it\u2019s in passing, and mostly through
There was never just one moment in my family when we \u201cfound out\u201d that my dad was an addict.
Capture that \warm and fuzzy\ feeling.
Night shift workers are more likely to develop heart problems over time.
Eye opening.
Taking time with your thoughts plays a crucial role in problem-solving.
Let failure drive your success.
Eating food in front of the TV at least twice a week is linked to weight gain.
Western Pennsylvania has one of the fastest-growing rates of drug overdose in the nation.

ICYMI Sleep features the highlights of what we learned about sleep this week.
Sleep takes extra effort in a land of extremes.
Few things will ruin my day faster than a migraine. These debilitating headaches can make it impossible to function or concentrate
Myth #2
Florida might have the power to save us all from Zika.
Bad news for long-legged guys everywhere.
The greatest benefit was for women who drank more than four cups a day.
Surprise, surprise!
\The vast majority of U.S. teenagers cannot get enough sleep with current school hours.\
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Although I\u2019d love to be the kind of person who waltzes into first dates accompanied
Just ask an NBA superstar.
Just how much of Monsanto\u2019s most popular weed killer are you eating every morning for breakfast?
White women are being left behind in U.S. health gains.
Consider it partly magic.
The virus is extremely good at mutating.
All that retweeting isn't helping you learn anything about the candidates.
Digital media companies are caught in the \crap trap,\ mass-producing trashy clickbait so they can claim huge audiences and
The former 'Dancing with the Stars' co-host shares tips on how to focus on the meaningful things in life.
This is a first.
\We all have something we want to go do.\
Read these on a rough day.
Nicolle is a music therapist living in New York. She's also a suicide survivor and recovering alcoholic.
The HuffPost co-founder gets 8 hours of sleep most nights.
Health officials predict that a small number of Americans will get Zika virus.
Its leaders are looking to improve troops' performance -- and reduce deaths.

Focusing on our mental health is simply about setting an intention to move the notch on that proverbial continuum toward a healthier mind; to understand that no matter where we currently fall on this continuum -- we all have room to become mentally healthier.
This noise might actually make you sleep better.
Mars Food says people should only eat the company's pasta sauce and macaroni once a week.
Go for your goals.
Outdoor movies just got a whole lot more comfortable.
Listen up, world.
Waking up at odd hours is the least of your worries.
Today in things you never knew you needed to know..
You can do this.
Expensive cancer drugs and treatments for autoimmune diseases will likely contribute to the increase.
Today is not a day to whimper \u2014 today is a day to roar with delight! According to the World Wildlife Fun and the Global Tiger
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Heidi Kasevich is Quiet Revolution\u2019s Director of Quiet Education, leading the
Drunk driving isn't the only danger on the road.
Researchers hope new findings could influence policymakers to push for better air quality.
Calling vaccinations dangerous \is like claiming that the earth is flat.\
Zika, linked to numerous cases of the birth defect microcephaly in Brazil, is spreading rapidly in Latin America and the Caribbean.
Blame the neural circuit of your personal sleep control.
Teens who slept fewer than 4 hours a night were three times as likely to drive drunk.
Just a few more reasons to prioritize sleep.
Abortion providers are concentrated in city centers, which leaves rural areas with provider shortages.
Make yourself a priority.
Have you ever wondered what exactly Arianna Huffington does before she hits the hay? Of course you have! Arianna recently
The customer said the message written on his white chocolate mocha hit a nerve, as two of his sisters have diabetes.
Eventually, you'll no longer see trying as a vulnerability. You will realize that it's important for you to continue showing up and allowing people to see you're trying. It helps others understand they're not alone, and it's okay for them to try, too.
Lifting weights won't help your bones. Cross-class marriages are hard.
Moreover, it's spring--when pop's jauntiness returns after months of hibernation. So, it's a great time of year for buoyant beats and an even better time to get outdoors. Here's the full list -- according to the votes logged on workout music site Run Hundred.
If you're seeking to reshape your life, reflect on the answers to these four questions to increase your awareness, expand your mindset, and change your outlook:
Carbon monoxide \u2014 otherwise known as the silent killer \u2014 can be a threat to yourself or your family, and you may not even
\I almost slipped through the cracks.\
Jogging, swimming, dancing and other forms of endurance training had the biggest impact.
You deserve to be happy and healthy.
Of course there is. But chances are your coffee habit is just fine.
Pretty impressive.
Adopt a little optimism.
Sleep deprivation takes a toll on what's known as your \selective attention.\
Yet another reason to get more sleep.
New research offers insight into the link between lead -- still found in water, soil and old paint -- and criminal behavior.
Arianna Huffington says a hot bath, a silk nightdress, and REAL books are all part of her routine.
Did you know the mosquito is actually the most deadly animal in the world? According to the World Health Organization, mosquitos
A quarter of patients got the wrong -- or no -- diagnosis, according to a new study.
Both products were distributed nationwide.
Cats know it. Babies know it. So why don\u2019t we know it?
Arianna Huffington, one of the most influential women in the world, has become a champion for something that\u2019s fundamentally
I\u2019m not a sleep scientist, though I certainly talked to as many of them as I could find for The Sleep Revolution. The fact
The United Nations has a goal to stop obesity in its tracks within the next decade, but according to a new study published
Developing countries will suffer the most.
We're constantly playing infectious disease catch-up.
The Aedes aegypti has been dubbed \the cockroach of mosquitoes,\ because it's so hard to kill.
So who and what is to blame for addiction? For most addicts, there are numerous contributing factors -- some nature, some nurture. So addicts should blame whomever and whatever they want. But they should also understand that not every person at risk for addiction becomes addicted.
Ah-choo!
And you might not know you have it.
Creativity meets advocacy.
So long, worries.
Even if you eat well and exercise.
Canned food is a convenience that comes with a high toll on health if the plastic lining inside the can contains bisphenol
Hint
Eczema is one of the most common skin conditions in the world.
Try these before hitting the pillow.
It's not just Florida and Texas.
Let go of the day.
The current pertussis vaccine isn't as effective as the old shots.
It's not just about quantity.
This will make a huge difference for women in states with abortion restrictions.
Unwind before closing your eyes.
The hardest hit areas are in Southern California and the Eastern U.S.
Men exposed to the virus should wait 6 months before having unprotected sex.
This little-known practice is driving up healthcare costs.
Think beyond food.
There could be a link between men's caffeine consumption before conception and pregnancy loss.
Spot. On.
I thought it may be helpful to offer a few things to keep in mind while planning your Easter dinner with Alzheimer's.
Knowing that I will be living with a hole in my heart for the rest of my life, I had to take some time to figure out my next steps at this point in my journey. Here's what I have come up with:
What rich people get wrong about poverty.
This should put just about every health ed teacher in the U.S. in tears. Ask anyone who can remember being even half awake
These days, there\u2019s a lot of talk about discovering your dream. Now, more than ever, finding calling seems a god-given right
Signs of spring are in the air but that\u2019s not something you have to tell allergy sufferers.
There's always tomorrow.
They're also more likely to smoke.
There is no routine screening test for heart disease. But maybe we don't need one.
No one should have to suffer in silence.
Let them go.
You'll be relaxed in no time.
Just don't add the milk.
Sunny day, keeping the bugs away.
\u201cA lot of people have the mindset, \u2018I\u2019ll be fine. I can make myself stay awake. I\u2019m invincible.\u2019 But that\u2019s not really true.\u201d
Give a little thanks.
Don't let your worries keep you awake.
Some people can't just \give up anxiety.\
Get a good night's rest.
Everything you need to know to improve your ZZZs.
Feed your brain the RIGHT information.
\It's really key for the public to weigh in on this,\ says one researcher.
Call your travel clinic while planning your restaurant itineraries.
Discover a relaxed state of mind.
Go to bed on a happy note.
Sweet dreams.
Though it kinda depends on what you do for a living.
Here's what we do know about pleomorphic liposarcoma.
Understanding individuals' genetic makeup could help scientists fine-tune new medications.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com When I was 12 years old, I was asked to leave Sunday School. Our teachers had
It's is a natural extension of their groundbreaking ResearchKit.
\I would highly recommend exercise as an intervention for early psychosis.\
Tap into your own strength.
Find a sense of peace.
Vermont's new law forced General Mills to change its labeling standards for everyone.
Life is in the little things.
Of course, the pursuit of happiness isn't all sunshine and rainbows and mugs of tea and smiling children. Sometimes we need to tackle our insecurities and weaknesses, and we can't just ignore our draining jobs and nagging relatives. But the practices here represent the other side of the coin, the one we often neglect
Whether your goal is to exercise three-to-five times per week, or to save $100 to $200 per month, establish a reasonable range. When you hit its low end, challenge yourself to keep going. You'll likely find that a little taste of success can motivate you to get to the next level.

A clear mind = Better problem solving.
We're all trying to have it all and do it all \u2014 usually at the same time. And this endless pursuit of work-life-family-health
Cutting through the noise so you don't have to.
Find your peaceful place.
Release negativity.
Be kind to yourself.
The association was strongest for being a non-smoker, having normal blood sugar and an ideal weight.
Sometimes you just need to step back.
You can do anything, but not everything.
Chase your passion.
Treat yourself like you'd treat a friend.
Here's how you should be gauging your intake.
A little on the nose, juiceheads.
Go home, folks.
You're stronger than you think.
You deserve to relax.
Let go of your worries.
Sleeping in on the weekend will give you \social jet lag.\
Release the negativity.
Look on the bright side.
Knowing this might even improve your sex life ;).
As financial problems increase, health-related quality of life decreases.
Make time for mindfulness.
Put your mind and body at ease.
Go to sleep with a clear mind.
School-based BMI screenings are meant to improve the health of students, but they also appear to be triggering deadly eating disorders in children.
So long, stress.
There are plenty of other things you can do to become less of a worrier, but this is a good place to start. After all, the worst thing that can happen is you take some extra breaks, get in better shape and make your life a little easier.
The good news is that we can overcome comparison and the illusion of competition it creates. Here are five ways to do that:
I know all about depression. I know about it from every angle -- I grew up with it all around me and I've struggled with it myself at times. But when it mattered the most -- when the person I loved fell into it -- all that knowledge availed me of nothing. That's how insidious this thing is.
A new generation makes the case against springing forward.
All of these strategies require you to do one thing -- prioritize your health and well-being. Whatever you have going on in your life -- and I'm guessing you have a lot -- very little of it should take precedence over finding time to get leaner, stronger and healthier this spring and this year.
It all comes down to this
Resilient people aren't luckier -- they make a practice of doing the things that keep them afloat. Take a look at the most common habits, actions, and responses of highly resilient people, and start trying at least one of these right now.
Release stress.
An optimistic attitude = A happier life.
They had to learn these lessons the hard way.
You can do this.
Scientists think the artificial light may suppress sleep and extend eating hours.
It's not delivery... it's glass, maybe.
Acknowledge the good.
Knew it.
You're awesome.
Tomorrow begins today.
Discover joy.
The 26-year-old patient suffered sudden complications this week.
Find a little comfort.
Acknowledge the good.
Have you ever noticed that winter-themed films tend to involve frolicking in the snow, ice-skating, and kissing your one
That salad probably isn't the best thing on the menu.
Paws-itively awesome.
Less than half said they felt competent in providing care for transgender patients.
In case you needed more motivation to get in shape.
Experts say the figures are alarming.
No more counting sheep.
AGAIN?!
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com\u00a0and is part of Quiet Revolution's Grumpy Introvert series. Visit Quietrev.com
Try this before your hit the pillow.
Let go of anxiety.
Feeling stressed? You're not alone. We all have a center of wisdom and balance within us, but sometimes life takes over and
Find your bliss.
Go to sleep with a stress-free mind.
Sweet dreams.
Don't let stress cloud your vision.
The sausage, egg and cheese muffin sandwiches were sold in three states.
Waist circumference can't tell us much about health on its own.
Relax, bruh.
Find sweet dreams faster with this routine.
What to *clink* without undoing all of your hard work.
Practice mindfulness.
Better Zs are a few thoughts away.
Don't let a challenge stand in the way of sleep.
You'll get through this.
Some women are terminating pregnancies based on inaccurate tests.
\u2728Java is magical.\u2728
Working out with a buddy can benefit your health, but not any old pal will do.
NOT a winner, chicken dinner.
You don't have to be full-blast Kanye to possess narcissist qualities.
This month's top 10 list draws heavily from the Top 40 chart and club scene. While this reliance on pop tunes and big beats might make the list seem one-dimensional at first, there are just enough curve balls to keep it interesting.
In a perfect universe, everyone would be taught how to approach a grieving person with empathy and to think before they do or say something that may unintentionally add to their suffering
It's time for a nap.
But the benefits are bigger for men.
Learning to recognize our own internal experience and then setting boundaries in a way that honors our internal experience, helps us solidify our sense of self with the external world. It also helps create less stress and more balance in our relationships.
Coffee is considered healthy now.
Sweet dreams.
When nothing goes right, go left.
Find your power.
Open your heart.
It\u2019s the law in 38 states that when a woman chooses to have an abortion, a doctor has to counsel her and give her informational
There's always a silver lining.
The city\u2019s Board of Supervisors unanimously voted to increase the legal age to buy nicotine products, including e-cigarettes.
Enjoy those Zs.
Women with high cholesterol before having kids tended to produce offspring with the same problem.
Seize every day.
It's one of the best upper body workouts you can do.
Keep these mantras in mind when you're overwhelmed.
Read this when you're ruminating on a mistake.
Your troubles are temporary.
Find your joy.
Stores nationwide carried the product.
It's time to regain control over what we put in our bodies.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com On weekdays, my son Felix hits the wall at five o\u2019clock. It\u2019s cocktail hour, when
You're braver than you think.
Calm is within reach.
Boost your spirits.
In mice, healthy embryos \push back\ when squeezed.
You only get one life -- may as well make it memorable.
Raising the retirement age is a backdoor way for the government help the rich.
Reminder
Serenity feels better than anger.
Acknowledge what's right when everything else feels wrong.
Watch out
Health stories you may have missed.
It doesn't take a lot to make someone feel loved.
Say goodbye to anger.
Birth control isn't just a women's issue.
You are not your mistakes.
Lift yourself up.
Happiness is in the little things,
You can't control everything.
Go forward with confidence.
Push past the roadblocks.
Or sugary juices, for that matter.
The transplant can potentially allow the patient to become pregnant and give birth.
You are worthy.
It\u2019s not you, it\u2019s them (and also it\u2019s you).
The award-winning journalist on living a fulfilling life.
Get in touch with your calm side.
Each moment matters.
You deserve to find calm.
We think you already know the answer to this one, folks.
Keep moving forward.
A little gratitude can do wonders.
You've got this.
Turn a negative into a positive.
Sleep > everything else.
Just call him Sleeping BeautYe.
\People might fail to change their behavior in part because they have no insight that planning is inhibiting their habits to begin with.\
Gamma rays, funding disputes and conspiracy theories.
Thanks to the vaccine introduced a decade ago, there has been a 64 percent decrease in human papillomavirus for older teens.
Way to go, Charlie.
Kids' concerns often reflect their parents'.
Infections during pregnancy could increase kids' risk for schizophrenia, autism and bipolar disorder.
Health stories you may have missed.
Breeze through your next gym session with less sweat and better results.
What else can this delicious brew do for our health?
Down with stereotypes!
The World Health Organization has declared the herbicide, widely used in farming, a probable carcinogen in humans.
The cheese was sold to restaurants, retailers and two separate Whole Foods stores.
Simmons' journey from hip-hop mogul to yoga-loving vegan.
The pope stopped short of condoning abortion, however.
Behavioral economics could be the key to meeting your fitness goals.
Spoiler alert
Flu-related hospitalization rates are two times higher in poorer neighborhoods than in wealthier ones, a new study finds.
But it depends on what show you're watching.
Sounds promising.
It's part of a wave of schools joining the 8:30 club.
They actually experience things more intensely than the rest of us.
Right on, Katy!
Garlic is one of my favorite possible ingredients to use in cooking. From pasta sauce, to garlic knots, to steak marinade
Yes, you can meditate on the move.
Five Latin American countries are reporting increased cases of the rare neurological condition.
Health stories you may have missed.
Oxytocin is a powerful molecule.
Always take the time to be kind. Even when you're suffering with your own pain. And don't assume that someone else has it easier than you. You never know the battles someone else is fighting.
That logic doesn't stop us from obsessing, though, does it? Fortunately, there are tactics you can use to put the brakes on a runaway train of thought.
All you need is love ... is a lie?
\This is the woman who admits that she could once put away a bottle of wine a day.\
Who said technology had to be a bad thing?
Let us save you a whole lot of trouble.
BAAAH-maste.
From a very young age, I was taught that exercise is good for my health.
A new study found that a Nutritional Value label helped consumers buy healthier foods.
Everyone's lost their temper at a partner over something completely unrelated to them.
I think we can all agree
PSA
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com A version of this story was first posted on the blog\u00a0Ninja Journalism. When I
\Wet sugar with bubbles.\ Yep.
Who wants top bunk?
There are so far no recorded cases of Zika-linked microcephaly in Colombia, President Juan Manuel Santos said.
February's top picks play more like summer workout mix than a winter one -- thanks to a wealth of pop and dance favorites.
What the heck happened? Wouldn't you love to stop becoming an old grouch and be more carefree again? Here's how...
Poor women shoulder the brunt of the disease burden.
People who tanned a lot were more likely to have distorted thoughts about their body.
Toxic means poisonous, damaging or deadly. A toxic relationship drains the life from you, damages your self-esteem, or kills your dreams. While this sounds deadly, toxic relationships can be subtle and do vast harm before we realize it.
Trade in your pigskin for some puppy fur.
Bigger, faster, stronger,  unhealthier.
Can we break bad habits by being more curious about them?
...but you can change that. \ud83d\udcaa
If weight loss is your goal, focus more on the calories you take in.
And it looks pretty, too.
Hardly surprising.
More than 1 in 10 teens suffers from major depression.
Nutritionists are unhappy with the government's latest diet advice -- but do the guidelines even matter?
The source of the restaurant's contamination is still unclear.
Adults should consume no more than 400 milligrams of caffeine per day.
I'm going to share some negative habits that will kill your chances of living the life of your dreams. If you're exhibiting any of these, it's time to reevaluate your actions and make steps towards changing them.
Health stories you may have missed.
It's time to get unstuck.
The small, itchy raised bumps that signal bedbugs\u2019 presence in a home are just the start of aggravations to come. Laundering
Paramedics with the most experience with cardiac arrest achieve the highest survival rates in patients.
The more courses of antibiotics a child had, the higher their risk for developing asthma and becoming overweight.
The second-line drugs are more expensive and have more side effects.
World leaders issued warnings about the rapidly spreading illness.
Almost 1 percent of the general population will have schizophrenia at some point in their lives.
Obama wants a report on the group's progress by the time he leaves office.
Your cellphone beeps \u2014 you grab it to read the new text. A ding from your computer alerts you to a Facebook post and you
Think twice before you check Facebook in bed.
Get your coworkers to join in on a fist-punching session.
They swapped the beef.
The \normal weight\ range isn't the healthiest for every person.
#squadgoals is so 2015. Meet the #goalsquad.
While Zika virus isn't spreading in the U.S., experts say it's only a matter of time.
In babies born with gastroschisis, the intestines hang out of the body near the newborn's belly button.
When it comes to my feet, I like to make sure that they are always in tip-top shape.
Twelve people in six states have been hospitalized.
Lace up those sneakers!
Happier nurses = healthier patients.
It's called \the let-down effect.\
But for too many, the bed has become a battlefield. Many millions of us struggle nightly with insomnia, nightmares and other sleep challenges. People with long histories of sleeplessness tell their doctors they hate their beds and they often grow anxious as bedtime nears. They pray for a peaceful night while remaining on guard for yet another battle.
Bullies only win if you let them. Even if it's the hardest, most painful thing that you've ever done, you need to choose yourself and happiness. Don't accept other people's criticisms of you. Hear them and if they are true, make changes. If they aren't, toss them away. Do you... start today.
Show up the way you want to in this world, have the impact you desire, and create the experiences you dream of. Gain clarity over the identity of the best version of you...and become her. It is all within your reach!

Health stories you may have missed.
\u201cOur results show that targeted school closures can reduce the overall number of cases in the population.\
For starters, make sure emergency responders aren't waiting for the elevator.
The three-month leak has been blamed for nosebleeds, headaches and nausea in residents.
But even a one-day break increases the risk of further problems.
The product was distributed in six states.
Experts say the Perry County TB outbreak is worse than in many developing countries.
Instead of focusing on what not to eat, this study is about encouraging foods we should eat.
Now that we\u2019re entering the harsh winter months, we have a lot working against us
Some have criticized his \moonshot\ to cure cancer as over-simplified.
This is pretty spot-on advice.
There is no risk the virus will spread in Hawaii from this case.
The researchers of a new study also saw a reduction in autism-spectrum traits.
\u00af\\_(\u30c4)_/\u00af
This week, you've averaged barely five hours of sleep each night.
Offering patients home remedies or over-the-counter drug recommendations can help cut back on unnecessary antibiotics for coughs and colds.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com It was inevitable that our 5-year-old daughter, Kavya, would inherit our nerdy
Products in 30 states may be contaminated.
Bonus
Just a friendly PSA.
Who run the world?
Start with taking one deep breath for 12 seconds.
There have been 10 flare-ups in areas thought to be Ebola-free.
Learn how to leave the mental baggage at home.
A pregnant woman likely acquired the virus in Brazil, causing serious deformities in her newborn.
The Vice President is urging Americans to demand collaboration among scientists.
Health stories you may have missed.
The mosquito-borne illness may cause birth defects that include a small head and developmental problems.
Are you willing to drive farther for cheaper gas? Your answer says a lot about you.
Experts from Harvard and the American Cancer Society reveal the latest on cancer and diet.
We're so sorry, Hil.
\Patients should be able to trust that the devices they need for treatment are safe and effective.\
First of all, you make a ton of mistakes.
Diet and exercise are the first step.
Mental health problems are linked to a risk of dangerously high blood sugar levels.
Biennial mammograms for women ages 50 to 74 have the most benefit.
An unexpected benefit of vaginal birth.
We can all relate.
A mental health disorder is not a character flaw.
MUST... NOT... CONTAMINATE... THE HERD.
There's no safe level of secondhand smoke exposure.
Our brains work in mysterious and fascinating ways. From regulating our responses to external stimuli to creating the complex
Still, the side effect is rare.
The pills seem to change the kinds of bacteria that grow in your gut.
Go on, escape reality.
Health stories you may have missed this week.
These are the kinds of things that we wanted to look at to hopefully make legislators see that this was a mistake.\
Health care bias and an unwelcoming environment at VHA facilities could be to blame.
The company is also withdrawing its support from groups that do not back standards for GMO labeling.
Drinking any alcohol regularly increases your risk of cancer.
Bring your resolutions to life this year.
The heart disease death rate, on the other hand, fell 46 percent.
Still, oral fluconazole isn't commonly prescribed during pregnancy.
This makes the fight against obesity even more urgent.
He will also build a robot to control the temperature in his home.
Decades of illegal dumping by the Camorra mob is harming the city's babies.
As the new year gets underway, you may be thinking about joining a gym.
Many experts think e-cigarettes are a lower-risk alternative to smoking.
Because being healthy is more than just the number on the scale.
If you resolve to race \u2013 even in a small, free event \u2013 once a month in 2016, you'll conquer race day jitters.
Spoiler
A dichotomy at this New Year. As we pack and move and plan and organize, we also see the value in letting go and giving away. Which opens up our lives -- and our hearts -- for the intangible gifts of love, purpose and joy.
Health stories you may have missed this week.
Some preemies have long-term health challenges.
Ready to increase your number?
Press play and find your bliss.
As a 20-year cancer survivor, I thought that I had heard of everything possible to promote good health. Then again, I also believe that the more you know, the more there is to learn. And moringa is proof of that.
It's unrealistic to expect that you can create a life that is 100% happy moments. Chasing a problem-free life actually makes you unhappy because every bump in the road is viewed as evidence of failure.  A better goal is to increase your happiness by 20%.  Here are three ways to do it:
Does pain keep you up at night? How do you handle your pain? Does your mattress play a role in your pain management?
Four nutrition professionals share their strategies.
Researchers suspect it has to do with the allergic child's tendency to internalize problems.
Here's how to tweak your environment for a good night\u2019s rest.
Maintain, don't gain.
Join us for our first 30-day challenge.
Extra weight puts Americans at risk for a variety of health conditions.
This is your year.
A vicious cycle of poverty and obesity may be keeping asthma rates high.
For those of us who are sick of whispering personal things in a crowded coffee shop.
Rama llama ding dong.
For elite college athletes, one or two helmetless drills per week significantly reduced head impacts.
From Alone Time Lake to the Sea of Books.
Let\u2019s all face it
As BMI increases, so does the risk of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, musculoskeletal problems and some cancers.
Prenatal yoga doesn't have to be as restrictive as we thought.
Changes the meaning of a \coffee run,\ ey?
Victory will taste so sweet.
It's all about the little things.
Some doctors are advising Brazilian women to delay pregnancy until mosquito season ends.
There\u2019s always time to incorporate these healthful habits.
Get ready for power bowls, spiralized veggies, ancient grains and more.
For many, myself included, this season can often bring grim and painful reminders of the loss of a loved one, pet, relationship or job. We find ourselves forcing a smile and wishing folks well to mask our sadness and depression.
I hope to hear that belly laugh reverberate off the walls, see the crinkles form at the corners of her eyes as she smiles, to watch her enjoy each day like it's her last. Because one day, it will be her last day, and I want for her to experience joy unlike that which she's ever felt before.
Use the following five tricks to help you succeed in fulfilling your dreams.
Health stories you may have missed.
High achievers nap, too.
Don't be fooled by the hype.
It doesn't have to end after the last gift is unwrapped.
Maybe the holidays have always been your favorite time of year, but now you just can't get in the mood. There is a detachment from the holiday cheer -- it's not in sync with how we feel. The disconnect between the joyous time of year and the sad feelings inside leave can leave us feeling that this holiday isn't how it is \supposed to be.\
Long, thick, fluttery lashes aren't just reserved for the stars. In fact, the tools the pros use aren't different than what you can find online, at your favorite department store, or even at the drugstore!
It's been a while since that awkward moment in health class when you learned how to put a condom on a banana. Whether you were actually paying attention or too preoccupied chatting with your friends, it's possible you may have missed a thing or two about the proper way to wrap it up.
This brain network is linked to spirituality and the ability to relate to others.
\By the time the 911 call is made, it's much too late for at least 90 percent of people.\
Despite how deeply we miss my sister, my family is looking forward to Christmas, to honoring old memories and creating new ones. We know that's what she would have wanted and that knowledge makes it easier for us to go on, carrying her spirit with us as we do.
The pain of loosing someone to Alzheimer's is not found when they eventually pass, it is found in the many, many, goodbyes you say each time you leave their side. The walk back to the car is maddening as you think about how unfair the disease is, how hopeless the moment seems and the ever present question, am I doing enough?
What's it going to take for society to stop viewing sleep as an afterthought? It's not something to be done after all is said and done, but rather an essential component of thriving personally and professionally.
Since the richness of life and all its opportunities are not going to go away, what needs to change is how we perceive all that we have to and want to do. A shift in perception can open new doors to the sense of purpose and productivity that we all desire.
Current trends are moving away from calorie counting and toward a more holistic approach of looking at adjustments and habits that can help us lead a more balanced, sustainable lifestyle. Slowing down should be high on that list.
In all my years covering social issues, I've learned some simply need a little more love and support then others. It may be draining at times, let's acknowledge that but you can handle it, you'll see your much stronger than you ever gave yourself credit for.
The effects of using a touch-screen device at an early age are still unknown.
Something to keep in mind this holiday season
It hasn't been a good year for the fast food chain.
Fred Kellerman, a retired car salesman from Los Angeles, was bedridden with a rare neuromuscular disease when he started
Old family roles die hard.
Which means you still have time to get vaccinated.
We still have to solve the problems that are causing kids trauma in the first place.
Let's talk about living with loss.
\u201cYou can never be too available to your kids, but you can be too interfering.\
Divine.
To help you avoid gaining weight this season and reduce \food-related\ stress, below I offer strategies that I've successfully used with clients in my talks and nutrition counseling practice. I invite you to try incorporating them into your daily routine.
Health stories you may have missed.
We all do it, and we all know it has at least something to do with how tired we feel. But unlike sleep apnea or laptops in
Drink up. \u2615
Who here hasn't Yelped their doctors?
Research has found canine cancer detection results are pretty accurate.
Do happier people live longer? An article in the British medical journal Lancet made headlines this month claiming the answer
Growing up, my whole childhood was a series of beloved, wonderful pups. There was really no chance that I wouldn\u2019t grow up
Let's beat the stigma together.
We knew it all along.
It's not just a poor immune system.
Cigarette taxes may be pushing young people to other kinds of tobacco products.
Women of reproductive age should limit their exposure to cigarette smoke.
\I wish I knew how to quit you.\ -- everyone, basically
Author Joshua Rivedal discusses his new book and his own struggle with mental illness.
As if you needed another reason to drink coffee...
A very good reason to go for a walk right now.
\The sound of a banjo tastes like Oreos.\
Bingo. \ud83c\udf81\ud83c\udf81\ud83c\udf81
Very old age is no longer an automatic barrier for aggressive therapies.
You still have time to get vaccinated before flu season ramps up.
You are not a \good\ person because you lost weight and you are not a \bad\ person because you gained weight-despite the messages that diet-culture may be sending you. I think that owning a scale does far more harm then good and is generally unnecessary-here's why.
When we say we're turning something into a \spiritual practice,\ it simply means turning our attention away from the physical and toward the mental and emotional.
The end of the year is plenty hectic on its own -- without additional challenges in the workout music department. So, don't overthink it. Just try a few tracks below, then make a few tracks through the snow.
Health stories you may have missed.
Andrew Rios\u2019s seizures began when he was 5 months old and only got worse. At 18 months, when an epilepsy medication resulted
Not so sweet at the moment.
The platform isn't just mason jars and succulents.
The pesticide is commonly used in Hawaii.
Good news, worrywarts!
\Height is nothing to me.\
Children with asthma, hay fever or eczema are at higher risk for heart disease.
Nearly 10 million Americans suffer from Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD), where decreased sunlight in the winter months
The Bubble Boy, as David Vetter was known, made headlines after being born in a Houston hospital in 1971 without a functioning
Improvements coincided with coverage expansions under Obamacare.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Back when I was smugly in my late twenties, I used to say that the holiday season
Newborns die after being sent home with mothers struggling to kick drug addictions
Science suggests that electromagnetic signals aren't causing people's illnesses.
Press \u2018print\u2019 for prosthetic hands, blood vessels, airway splints and more.
Think twice before turning to an over-the-counter sleep aid.
Fitness professionals praise simple, sustainable and modifiable moves.
You might say that this advice is not exactly rocket science, but, given the cognitive effects of sleep deprivation, it might at least be brain science.
When it comes to talking about the topic of mental and emotional health, what's important is knowing that often just opening the door for the conversation can be effective and helpful. Men are ready for the challenge, I think. After all, facing the unknown, being strong and mastering problems are what men are supposed to do!
Health stories you may have missed.
Strong looks good on you \ud83d\udcaa
Weather conditions might be to blame.
One Canadian doctor has built one to try to bring the doctor's office home
Restaurants think health regulators have overstepped their bounds.
It could lead to fewer absences and higher graduation rates
Daily Table is providing affordable nutrition to a community in Massachusetts
TV is literally rotting your brain.
We know more about health than we did in the '90s. Why haven\u2019t nutrition labels caught up?
More than 155,000 products have been recalled from stores including Target, Walmart and 7-11.
At least we can agree it's annoying?
Take a step back and have a conversation with your future self.
It highlights the profound impact media can have on our perception of the disease.
Do you really need to know there's a Gap sale right now?
The salt-shaker emblem means a dish contains more than the recommended daily limit of sodium.
Especially in the South.
Researchers refer to this phenomenon as \anniversary reactions.\
For starters, neither is healthy.
No matter where I am in my travels, we can keep our appointments. I have to admit, I didn't have a good feeling about this -- sure, it was cheaper, but could it be effective? My answer is \yes.\ Yours may not be. There are definitely pros and cons to this, but they all boil down to the individual.
Although this advice is alluring and justifying, it often fails to produce desirable results in the real world. Actually, in many cases, it ruins people's lives.
From one perfectionist to another
Donation may have a dark side.
Here\u2019s what nutrition pros stock on their shelves -- and why.
Health stories you may have missed.
Make the most of your therapy sessions with these helpful expert-approved tips.
Here's what your pharmacist wants you to ask.
Learn how to protect yourself and your family from lurking added sugar.
This Thanksgiving, I'm thankful for all you nurses out there -- who abandon everything about your own needs and wants, to make this world a better place for everyone else you take care of. I'm thankful for my wife -- an ICU nurse -- my hero.
Success happens when you do both
Experts demystify whether you should expect to ever feel rested again.
However, women who ate high amounts of B vitamin were less likely to develop hypertension.
Bacteria in your gut tell your brain when you've had enough to eat.
More gratitude = Better life.
Another great reason to turn in early tonight.
If this doesn't convince you to start a daily gratitude practice, we don't know what will. Thankfulness doesn't have to be
The best advice for beating bloat.
My husband, Josh, and I shared a bathroom before we ever shared a bed.
Nov 24 (Reuters) - At least 19 people may have been infected by E.coli after eating rotisserie chicken salad sold at Costco
So you're mourning the loss of the weekend warrior you were in your 20s. Never fear. The decade of the 30s is also a good
Makes you think, doesn't it?
Learning a new language is great for your brain.
\I've never been happier and it's because of the work I've put in and the want to change my life.\
It's a complex emotion that can't be wrapped up pretty in a bow(tie).
It's more than just the winter blues.
About half of healthy adults will develop pre-diabetic blood sugar levels.
There is still such a stigma tied to the word addiction. It is looked at as a form of weakness, or poor self-control. That is so far from the truth. So I choose to be honest and open about my recovery. I do not keep it anonymous. Here are five reasons why:
If we can achieve daily happiness, then mastering it on a weekly, monthly, and yearly basis becomes reality.  Remember, happiness is a set of appetizers, not the final meal.  Take it in bite sizes.
Health stories you may have missed.
I \ud83d\udc1d\ud83c\udf43 in you.
Of 45 people infected, 43 reported eating at Chipotle.
Using antibiotics without a prescription is relatively common in low- and middle-income countries.
43 of the 45 people in the most recent outbreak reported eating at Chipotle.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com It was my second week of middle school, and I was terrified about my first science
Let the GMO arguments begin.
The products were shipped nationwide.
New review paper highlights the risks that Tasers pose, especially for people with preexisting heart conditions
Big Pharma obviously disagreed.
A bunch of new drugs targeting cancer and autoimmune diseases are about to hit the market.
Everyone splurges once in a while, even nutritionists. But these healthy eaters won't touch certain foods.
There's a benefit to seeing the glass half-empty.
Researchers have found even more evidence that coffee can be good for you. People who drink regular, moderate amounts of
Marijuana has not been proven safe to use during pregnancy or breast-feeding.
With all the holiday parties on the agenda this time of year, you may be wondering how to balance your healthy lifestyle
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com I am terrified of failing the Chipotle guy. Or any person in the service industry
\Natural flavor\ will be on the ingredients list instead of vanillin, the artificial ingredient that used to give the chocolates their vanilla flavor.
*For Thanksgiving.
I can't drink. It's not by choice. It's medical. Really. Whenever I've touched the stuff, I break out in hives and my throat starts to close up, which, as it turns out, makes breathing challenging.
Health stories you may have missed.
Sophie is 14 now. Today, she suffers fools only when she is busking with her ukulele and eager to supplement her lipstick
New research may pave the way for nature-based addiction treatments.
And experts say they don\u2019t have an explanation as to why.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Weddings traditionally require months of detailed planning, culminating in you
Debunking the 'obesity paradox.'
An Oxford neuroscientist says that the secret of a good night's sleep is brushing your teeth in the dark, because bright
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com We\u2019ve all been there
\Watch that apple shape.\
The company, DNA4Life, believed it did not need FDA approval before selling the test.
For weight loss, self-monitoring is key.
In this day and age, we\u2019re so used to treating any ailments, problem areas, or symptoms with complicated medications.
Rich people can afford to travel and get on more than one waiting list.
Our fluctuating moods are far from irrational, neuroscientists say.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com I have a really complicated relationship to public speaking. The mere prospect
\u2018Late to bed, early to rise\u2019 can eventually lead to extra pounds.
How much weight you should gain depends on your pre-pregnancy weight.
Greens are your friend.
It's impossible to know whether criticism is coming from a sincere place or not, but it is possible to process the information in a healthy, logical way. Introducing a few helpful checkpoints to keep in mind when receiving criticism so you don't become a paranoid zombie:
Millennials aren't a bunch of unhappy stress cases, it turns out.
Health stories you may have missed.
Only seven states require tattoo artists to give customers public health-approved aftercare instructions.
I hate insurance companies. I loathe their existence. They serve no purpose other than to make their shareholders happy and their executives rich. They are the reason that healthcare is a losing battle in this country.
Health authorities suspect it started when an infected traveler was bit by a mosquito.
Healthcare companies are touting it as a cheaper, more convenient way to see doctors.
Drug overdoses kill more Americans than car crashes and firearms.
The docs are often too stoic and busy to seek help.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com. Dear Val, How do I survive the \u201ctheater of meetings\u201d? As an introvert, I don\u2019t
The most recent outbreak involves E. coli contamination in food from Chipotle Mexican Grill.
Stigma and anti-immigrant sentiment could worsen refugees' trauma.
Even when sites did cite peer-reviewed studies, their interpretations were flawed.
LARAMIE, WYO. \u2014 After her family moved from suburban New Hampshire to the wind-whipped plains of southeastern Wyoming, Monica
Get the tension out.
Pumpkin seasonings and flavors lack the vegetable's full benefits.
The outbreak could extend beyond Chipotle.
Even small changes can make a big difference in reducing the disease burden.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com In my last post, I wrote about how overwhelming it can be to even think about
But first, scientists have to figure out how to make exoskeletons flexible.
The Digital Divide has pretty much vanished in some parts of the U.S.
Sexually assaulted teens aren't getting tested for STIs or receiving emergency contraception.
This story was originally published by Berkeley Wellness. The Affordable Care Act has reduced the nation\u2019s uninsured population
People who were divorced, separated or widowed were more likely to die after surgery.
You are so strong. Remember it.
\Health and wellness\ is something we all want at some level. But when push comes to shove, it's easy to prioritize everything else over it-work, social time, \down time\ in front of the TV or browsing the Internet. The intention is good, but something gets in the way of acting on it.
Let's be honest
\A turning point in end-of-life care.\
Health stories you may have missed. \ud83c\udf83
Myriad lifestyle changes could help treat polycystic ovary syndrome.
Obesity plays an important role in both conditions.
Step away from the salt shaker.
Just the facts, please.
Why did it take decades for this fraudulent study to be retracted?
It's not the day for PB&J.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com \u00a0When should parents encourage cautious children to push beyond their fears, and
More black women are being diagnosed, while the diagnosis rate for white women has leveled off.
The 4.5 hour, $250-online course will inform doctors about a treatment not covered in medical school.
In previous crashes, a second pilot has not been able to take control back from a suicidal pilot.
What are you afraid of? Did sharks pop into your head? If so, you may have galeophobia, which stops thousands of Americans
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com A while ago, I received a letter from a reader named Lily, who describes herself
The state is setting the stage for a potential battle with the meat industry.
Turn those clocks back.
Examining this generation\u2019s climb to Peak Booze.
Air pollution and alcohol are also linked to cancer.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com John, a 34-year-old biochemist, had come to me for help with his marriage. \u201cIt\u2019s
It's not just for the Thanksgiving table anymore.
I grew up in a very Catholic family. We observed all the holy days and ate fish on Fridays, and I attended an all-girls\u2019 Catholic
It's not just beer and Doritos.
Some suggest that we should only pay for drugs when they work.
The meat industry is not happy about this.
In many ways, it comes down to this
Affected products were sold in Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York and Rhode Island.
The power of happiness.
How to help sheepish kids grow into confident adults.





Health stories you may have missed.
Quality sleep helps you make the most of your months of hard work and allows you to compete in tip-top shape.
Short sleepers have an increased risk of diabetes, heart disease and stroke.
Her all-inclusive Pilates studio is shattering fitness stereotypes.
As more states are relaxing pot laws, users (and use disorders) are increasing.
There's an app for everything these days.
Everyone with a job is looking for that perfect work-life balance, but some industries tip the scales better than others
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) \u2014 An Alaska suicide-prevention activist is hoping a man's very public suicide at an Alaska Native
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Let\u2019s talk\u00a0about the mystery of political polarity. How intractable is it, really
Adam Fraser asked families what work-life balance meant to them and he was surprised by the answer. Balance is not about
Can we get a side of Purell and some paid sick leave? \ud83d\ude37
A long time ago, humans learned that being clean was crucial to being healthy. But getting too squeaky clean ... well, that
They have an easier time recognizing their own obesity.
1.25 million people are killed in traffic accidents each year.
Prenatal exposure to alcohol is the leading preventable cause of birth defects.
New study
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Dear Sophia, My husband\u2019s large family has difficulty accepting me for who I
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com Dear Priscilla, My husband and I are both introverts, so it\u2019s no surprise our
In reality, sleep actually propels your success in several ways, according to modern scientific research, discussed below. From physical to mental, rest plays many important roles in how you act, think, feel and perform.
My daughter has schizoaffective disorder. She is also happy, incredibly smart, funny, creative, nerdy, talented, so very kind and a good soul. She is not her illness.
Calls ranged from relationship difficulties to family dynamics to struggles with addiction and suicide. No matter what the topic of the call, I noticed some recurrent themes and learned important lessons that will stick with me for the rest of my life.
Mostly being sober is nothing short of amazing, but it's not always easy. It's a constant process of self-growth and discovery. I've had to revaluate my entire way of living and coping and sometimes it's hard.
Health stories you may have missed.
It's time to shatter the stereotypes.
Experts clear up the pasta-aisle confusion and share the healthiest boxes you can buy.
Before you offer advice to someone in pain, think about these four things:
Once you have established a sleep schedule, stick with it -- even on the weekends. You'll have the most restorative sleep when sleep is predictable. Getting enough quality sleep is critical to your health. Establish good sleeping habits for your entire family with these strategies, and you'll have more energy, be more alert and productive, and lead healthier and happier lives.
The answers are within us. We have everything we need to create the lives we want. Getting clear is the starting point. An old Chinese proverb says, \The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago. The second-best time is today.\
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com As a minor key kind of gal, I often wonder:\u00a0 Why does sad music make me feel
Forgiveness can be incredibly difficult. Here's where to start.
\The Simpsons\ character kissed meat goodbye two decades ago.
In his quiet, modest way, Glenn was proud of his robot. It was 1974, at a local high school science fair in Boca Raton, Florida
The biggest troublemakers include bodybuilding and sexual-enhancement products.
They can contain active ingredients that are in real Viagra.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com. At what point did kid birthday parties become bacchanals of sugary treats and
The recall will affect 13 states.
Caramel apples are delicious, but may come with listeria.
Appalachia struggles with a disproportionate disease burden, and poor sleep is part of it.
The actress is refreshingly open about her battle.
Think of it like dissolving stitches.
A new study shows that cooking plant-based meals costs less than cooking with the lean meats recommended by the MyPlate diet
The research did not include mental health services provided by schools.
First-born kids are more likely to be nearsighted.
Half of U.S. measles cases are tied to people who catch the disease while traveling abroad.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com. After being to a few of my boyfriend\u2019s friends\u2019 weddings\u00a0and knowing my boyfriend
A surprising downside to being a night owl
The sci-fi dream becomes reality.
Ask yourself these five questions to determine whether your between-meal habits are beneficial -- or detrimental.
Self-compassion strikes a balance between self-acceptance and self-improvement. Rather than getting down on yourself for making a mistake, or hosting a pity party when you encounter hardship, self-compassion involves taking a kind, but realistic view of your experience.
The controversy and clamor attached to the report of the 2015 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee would seem to suggest that something that radical had been proposed. But that's not quite the case.
Health stories you may have missed.
Many kids need more sleep to excel in school and to stay healthy.
Preach.
Here are three key ideas that helped me develop a regular practice and unlock the benefits I had been touting for so long.
Her condition was described as serious.
In New York, two Zen monks are helping people live (and die) mindfully.
This article first appeared on QuietRev.com. I have been writing about introversion for 10 years now. That\u2019s a surprising
The court compared copyrighting yoga to copyrighting surgery.
Now she's lending her voice to those who feel like they can't speak up.
Snap away. The future-you will be grateful.
To understand migraines, you need to understand the chemicals in the brain that prompt headaches.
It's unclear if the same syringe was used on multiple patients or if several of them were reused.
Spoooooky.
Use of genetic mental health tests has grown rapidly. But evidence they work is scant.
Lifestyle Trends Writer Are you a writer who lives and breathes wellness and lifestyle trends? Do you know your REM from
Why would anyone WANT to eat a banana peel? Once the butt of cartoon slip-and-fall jokes, the lowly banana peel is now being
It's still early days, but there's a lot of potential.
This could help people decide whether or not to stay on antidepressants.
Ball so hard, but not before a little zen session. \ud83d\ude4f\ud83c\udfc0
Warehouse clubs and discount superstores may cost you in the long run.
You\u2019re confused by your kid. She doesn\u2019t act the way you did when you were growing up. She\u2019s hesitant and reserved. Instead
Yet another racial disparity in medical care.
Dinner party, office party, holiday party \u2014 it doesn't matter, we've all been there
Apparently, we sweat and fart a lot, too \ud83d\udca8
The gluten-free cereal may be contaminated with wheat.
The future is making us queasy.
Dr. Roshini Raj, Health magazine's contributing medical editor, stopped by TODAY Wednesday with simple, healthful tips for
Many of our professional paths lead us to\u00a0landmarks discovered by knowing someone who knows someone. One might assume that
Countless studies link kindness and generosity to greater life satisfaction.
Go hug your mom.
Restful sleep is everybody's birthright. Unfortunately it gets stolen from many of us by the time we reach our teenage years. Hopefully the above tips will help you reclaim it.
Rather than give in to your cold brew cravings, try these easy mental tricks next time you're nodding off in front of an Excel spreadsheet.
Health stories you may have missed.
Hitting your stride with a baby on board is possible with these precautions and expert tricks.
It can be tough to find something filling and convenient when you have dietary restrictions. (And hey, even if you don't
Each decision we make depletes our ability for making further decisions without a mental break in between. It's why we make better decisions in the morning, and are less able to resist the things we love (like that big piece of chocolate cake) later in the day. What can you do about it?
Many of the questions I get about Lucid Dreaming come from complete beginners to the subject, and by far the most popular is, simply
It's not the water supply. It's the plumbing.
Even more evidence that all children should get vaccinated.
People usually get the disease from inhaling barnyard dust.
Officials don't know which cooling towers are causing the outbreak.
Like most modern humans, I was scrolling through Facebook the other day, and I saw something in a friend\u2019s status update
Anchor your TVs, people!
Coach can smell when blood sugar levels have risen or dropped, before the symptoms even hit.
They're also really expensive.
Yet another reason to love therapy.
Downward dog your way to pain relief.
Sorry, steakhouse lovers.
New study findings should be reassuring to pregnant cancer patients.
A new study showed that women who skipped chemo based on a gene test had less than a 1 percent chance of cancer recurring elsewhere in the body.
Genius.
I'm an introvert and was wondering if you've ever written about introverts annoying introverts. It's a new problem for me
The \u2018fear of missing out\u2019 is a common feeling. What to do if your FOMO is chronic.
American kids are winning; unfortunately, what we're taking first place in is sleep deprivation.
Here are three ways to make resilience a practice in your life right now -- and reap the benefits of being able to ride out any storm (or surf through it).
Aside from Gorsky\u2019s deposition, Johnson & Johnson had still not had, or taken, the opportunity to offer its side of the story
ICYMI Health features what we're reading this week. This week, an essay struck a cord with as it explored attitudes and traditions
You can even listen to fairy tales as you doze off.
Certain symptoms -- fatigue, tingling toes, depression -- may be due to a nutritional deficiency.
Though one in six men has had unwanted or abusive sexual experiences,\u00a0men rarely talk about sexual abuse, instead keeping it a secret due to embarrassment, shame, and ideas about what their victimization means about manhood.
Phthalates are everywhere.
We all get lost sometimes. It\u2019s so easy to get turned around in a new city, large mall, or sometimes, even your own neighborhood
Exercise could change the body's response to cancer.
Money can't buy a healthy reputation.
Patient empowerment is a crucial part of the solution.
Even more reason to reach for your daily cup of joe.
A legit reason to bring back recess.
Focusing on early childhood health is our best defense against the obesity epidemic.
Women who had high levels of sugar in their urine during pregnancy were more likely to die from heart disease.
We're talking trillions of bacteria.
There are still too many unknowns.
What habits/routines do you keep that are especially unique or beneficial? I make myself get out of the house, up out of
In this video, Susan Cain -- Quiet Revolution\u00a0co-founder and author of the best-selling Quiet
A seaside stroll will set you up for sweet dreams.
Just because we're a family of introverts doesn\u2019t mean that it's quiet around our house. On the contrary
Coffee gets a bad rap, but studies show your java habit may actually be good for you. From a reduced cancer risk to fewer cavities, here are the best reasons to enjoy a cup or two.
The five-year survival rate is about 65 percent.
Six days before Austin Pledger swallowed his first Risperdal, Janssen scientists and marketing executives met with an advisory
Health stories you may have missed.
You don't have to be perfect about it!
A nutritious breakfast that tastes like dessert? Sign us up.
Sleep is the key to shift from being a human DOing to living life as a human BEing! As Arianna Huffington states in her book Thrive, \It's not 'What do I want to do?', it's 'What kind of life do I want to have?'\
Here are seven steps to change your relationship with stress and make stress your ally:
Like any habit, this one may take some time to stick. To start, try setting your alarm for 30 minutes earlier than you would usually wake up. It is also important that you go to bed earlier, as sleep deprivation will only serve to decrease your productivity and overall happiness.
Just a generation ago, heart disease and other chronic diseases like dementia were felt to be an inevitable consequence of getting old. Since the 1960s, however, we have learned that only a small percentage of chronic diseases are explained due to genetic origins.
One of the best ways to spot serious medical problems is by paying attention to what is going on inside your body. Unfortunately
How I ended up working as a hospice chaplain is still a bit of a mystery to me. When I let go of my plans to attend law
\Lead is all over the damn place \u2014 aging and chipping.\
Mothers shouldn't be afraid to continue their depression treatment.
In 1999, Johnson & Johnson had signed a contract with a company called Excerpta Medica. Its specialty was medical marketing
And yes, \delayed schedules\ is an anti-vaccination stance.
By the beginning of 1999, Johnson & Johnson had expanded the ElderCare unit to 136 salespeople from 83, and the materials
\Brain injuries among adolescents are particularly concerning because their brains are still developing.\
Going upside down isn't as hard as it looks.
Diet soda and french fries are a match made in heaven, apparently.
California's Alameda County takes a more holistic approach to health care.
There could be more cases in the future.
Here's a novel concept
Public health experts worry that the overuse of such drugs contributes to rising antibiotic-resistant \superbugs.\
On May 20, about 100 stock analysts gathered in the ballroom of the Hyatt Regency Hotel in New Brunswick, New Jersey, to
Socioeconomic status didn't explain racial disparities in life expectancy after a heart attack.
Sept 14 (Reuters) - A Michigan resident is recovering from the state's first ever confirmed case of bubonic plague, state
\Men are supposed to, from a young age, adopt men-like qualities, which is not asking for help.\
Saving lives is hard work!
Surgeon General Vivek Murthy is on point.
The renowned psychologist was 97.
The greater percentage of calories that came from extra-virgin olive oil in women's diets, the lower their risk of breast cancer.
\You have changed my life, because you have cared about me.\
Deployed soldiers are sleeping as little as three hours a night.
Children may be particularly vulnerable because their immune systems are still developing.
Eat well without sucking the fun out of the room.
Self-compassion is being aware of your own suffering with an interior response that is supportive and kind rather than harsh (I made a bad mistake but I'm a good man and I can find a way to get through it). Compassion is everywhere. Men perform countless acts of compassion on individual and grand scales.
Health stories you may have missed.
Mmm, omega-3 fatty acids...
Paternal postnatal depression research suggests men may develop symptoms more gradually over the course of a child's first year, while typically, but not always, women see symptoms earlier.
Tularemia is linked to handling sick animals, insect bites and inhaling contaminated dust while lawn mowing.
Tyler and his dog, Hugo, run cross-country together.
\You don't look sick!\ *glares*
You won't have to track your miles or feel pain to know its time for new sneaks.
September is National Childhood Obesity Awareness month -- and few political figures care more about the issue than First
Adorbs.
They found out what happens in the earliest stages of obesity.
It's not just about the hours you sleep -- it's about the quality.
When I\u2019m stressed I take five deep breaths and focus on my heart. I imagine things I am grateful for like my children, my
Because emotions are not a weakness.
Paula Abdul remains one of the most celebrated choreographers today. Never has there been another artist to consistently
\Yoga helps us to see and reframe it all,\ Elena Brower, one of my favorite yoga teachers and wellness experts, once said
The cucumbers are being recalled in 22 states.
The salt industry isn't happy about this.
Create a tranquility toolbox with GPS Guides, and you'll get published.
Ask the right questions and you'll be considered a brainiac.
Here's what's different about our health care system after Ebola.
As public awareness of mental illness increases, the shortage of psychiatrists worsens.
Those euphoric feelings can be traced way, way back.
\u201cWe should not be turning our backs on these highly sensitive bio-detectors just because they have furry coats.\u201d
This motivation and inspiration has propelled me forward throughout my entire journey. Becoming diagnosed at age 22, just four months after marriage was not what I was planning or prepared for. From the very beginning I've reminded myself and shared with others:
Most people know how to build physical strength, but there's a lot more confusion over the steps you can take to develop mental strength. While there are lots of exercises that can help you become mentally strong, here are three secrets to building mental muscle:
So here you go
As summer gives way to fall, let the played out songs in your gym mix give way to some current alternatives. This month's top picks have plenty going for them -- with a variety of genres and tempos represented. Moreover, with just a few new tracks here and there, you can re-energize your whole routine.
However, one of the best ways to keep the side effects of aging at bay may be something anyone can do, for free
Health stories you may have missed.
There are many days I just need to get to tomorrow -- all I can do is put one foot in front of the other. If you're feeling this way, ever, you're not alone. Here are some quick actions you can take to help you get through the day --  or even just the minute.
A must-read for anyone who likes to read on their screens outdoors.
A problem with the packaging film affects 10 times as many cases as the company first thought.
Talk about a reality check.
It's science.
More people are biking.
Cigarette sales are down.
Have your handkerchief at the ready.
Time to hit the hay.
As if you needed another reason to go to bed.
Not very many of us are young at heart.
Retire your high school workout playlist and pump up the jams.
This technique isn't new, but it's rare.
We spend a third of our lives curled up with our pillow, snoozing away to recharge those batteries for the coming day. And
Finally.
May the 'poet laureate of medicine' rest in peace.
The nutrition numbers on these meals are frightening.
How supportive your physician is could play a huge role in weight loss.
Sometimes life's better when it's not viewed through rose-colored glasses. Sure, optimism certainly has its health benefits
Using your phone as a nightlight or your TV to soothe you to sleep? You should stop -- pronto. Not only does it ruin your
The answer may lie in the womb.
Aug 30 (Reuters) - Five more California inmates have been diagnosed with Legionnaires' disease at San Quentin State Prison
Health stories you may have missed.
Whether it's your parent, lover, friend or colleague, we all have people who trigger us. Sound familiar? If so, here are eight powerful ways you can deal with difficult people who push your buttons.
Kids are still at risk of vaccine-preventable diseases in this country.
These compounds are also in whole grains, nuts and fruits.
A large group of researchers set out to repeat 100 experiments published by leading psychology journals to see how often
But allergy tests are recommended first for high-risk infants.
This is the biggest breakthrough in fertility medicine since IVF
Looks like you'll need a new breakfast option.
The reviews are pretty wild
It's free and it's beautiful.
The \Public Morals\ creator discusses how disconnecting helped his work.
Why is 'hysteria' still a thing?
Feel all the feelings.
Take a nap. Your skin depends on it.
Medium rare? Maybe not.
Is that Rachel McAdams or a pit bull?
Strange as it may sound, this is partly a success story.
Health stories you may have missed.
It's all about work-life boundaries.
Clearly, we are finding it difficult to take time off work. But when we do, emerging research in the field of occupational psychology is here to help us make the most of it. Here are a few ways to maximize your happiness during vacation and reap the benefits long after you're back to reality.
Good boy.
Now's the time to load up on tomatoes, figs, blackberries and more fresh fruit.
Finding happiness is as easy as changing your perspective.
The rooftop air-conditioning unit is the culprit.
For young women and black women, the death rates were twice as high.
Thank you, President Carter.
The more you work, the greater your risk of having a stroke.
But breastfeeding is still the best choice for a child's health.
However, this study doesn't establish a cause-and-effect relationship.
Researchers called the risk \modest.\
This \does not mean that there's substantially more plague circulating in the rodent population.\
Sweat, then namaste.
But don't expect a magic pill.
Cooling towers will be regularly tested for Legionella bacteria.
\One person, a therapist, isn't always going to come up with all the answers.\
The new drug's label will carry a bold safety warning.
Less sick days, more productivity.
It's definitely not resting while you do.
For starters, they skip the pie.
A small amount of exercise may improve our ability to think as we age, but more may not be better, according to a new study
Don\u2019t just settle for any old protein.
Health stories you may have missed.
Don\u2019t skimp on sleep if you want to shed pounds.
It's time to rethink our firearm laws.
Though controversial, doctors say these drugs are necessary.
Have your birthday cake protein shake and drink it, too!
One year and $100 million later...
The lack of a clear definition for depression leaves it largely misunderstood.
Now she's suing the federal government -- which funds the clinic -- for unspecified damages.
It's what she didn't say.
Vaccines have been one of the best things to come out of fetal tissue research.
\The irony of cancer treatment is that it can save lives while destroying the chance to create a new life.\
City and State are scrapping over how to respond to the public health crisis.
Or, you know, just have a blast.
There is no vaccine or treatment for the disease.
Health stories you may have missed.
It was all downhill from January...

If you have ever sat down in a cross-legged posture, began focusing on your breath, and immediately wondered, \What should I do about all these thoughts?\ this is a simple answer.
The usual \gun control\ solution -- better background checks -- will not solve this problem.  Children are not buying the guns that kill them.  The \gun rights\ banner is also irrelevant.  No one who supports the Second Amendment argues that it should apply to seven-year-olds.
We'd consider this a good reason to smile.
Despite this, many states still ban needle exchange programs.
Self-control can be enhanced.
But some jurisdictions are learning why it's important to let kids hit the snooze button.
This is Colorado's second plague death this year.
NEW YORK (AP) -- New York City officials say 10 people have died in the outbreak of Legionnaires' Disease centered in the
And it's disproportionately affecting men.
They kill thousands of people every year.
The gel worked best in women who used it \religiously.\
Turns out mom's advice was on point (big surprise there).
Boston Red Sox owner John Henry supports the idea.
A picture is worth 1,000 words.
They try to make a person's last days as peaceful as possible.
Soda's reign is over.
\There is absolutely a point of diminishing returns.\
The Kraft Heinz Company\u00a0is voluntarily\u00a0recalling 36,000 cases of its iconic Kraft Singles. The company informed customers
Meningitis can be fatal -- but it's also totally preventable.
\We stand behind the safety and efficacy of this product.\
Your commute home is agony. (Last out of the office again!) Afterward, your dinner conversation\u00a0is bitter. (No one appreciates
Embrace the three-day weekend.
About one in five.
55 people have been hospitalized.
Health stories you may have missed.
Girls in sports, FTW!
\I was happy and I was just laughing like crazy.\

Even though it didn't live up to my very high expectations for all things yoga and 98 Degrees, at the end of the day I still get to say I did hot yoga with 98 Degrees. Hey, that's pretty cool.
The little chime or buzz of an incoming text is almost impossible to ignore. Is it your friend with the killer one-liners? A kiss emoji from your partner? A colleague commending you on your performance? The possibilities are endlessly enticing. But texting also has a dark side.
While stress causes some people to crumble, mentally strong people continue to thrive in the midst of added tension.
The numbers of homeless with HIV are rising.
For the millions of Americans facing broiling temperatures and stifling humidity this week, the extreme heat can be uncomfortable
Salt tooths, beware.
Just in case you needed more incentive to snooze.
Your favorite selfies are really just lies.
Ever eaten a slice of pizza or an order of fries and wondered how much exercise you would have to do to burn off the calories
New Yorkers with respiratory symptoms should seek help immediately.
There's something in the water.
Brace yourselves.
Hint
'I figured that participating would help my family and friends.'
So check that attitude at the door, please.
Four Kroger brand seasonings are included in the nationwide recall.
Your handwriting is revealing a lot more than you might think.
A decade-by-decade guide.
Brace yourselves.
Behavioral scientists tell us relationships are the backbone of happiness, and I want to be as happy as I was during those long ago lazy days of summer. Here are some tips to help you nourish the relationships in your life, and increase your happiness as well.
To make it easier for you I've put together seven easy steps you can take to embracing more organic-driven habits on a daily basis.
Health stories you may have missed.
Take these five key habits and integrate them into your life in a way that fits with your own lifestyle and priorities. The stronger you build your foundation, the more power you'll have to live a happy, healthy and radiant life!

If you find yourself wanting to make healthy changes, better decisions or more self-control, quality sleep should be one of your biggest priorities. Not only can it boost your willpower, but it can help you make those changes stick.
These women don't let their \buts\ hold them back.
NEW YORK (AP) \u2015 Pentagon officials released a report Thursday detailing recurring problems at an Army bioterror facility
The Osamu Corporation has issued a recall after 62 salmonella cases were linked with raw tuna.
Hey, at least you can say you tried.
WASHINGTON (AP) -- The latest Alzheimer's research has a clear theme
She's the woman who co-discovered HIV in 1983, and won a Nobel Prize for her work. But next month, French scientist Francoise
By
Nearly half of Americans say they \can't imagine\ life without their mobiles. Our devices have become extensions of ourselves
Just one year after nine-time NBA all-star Dominique Wilkins retired from a successful basketball career, the Hall-of-Famer
A new study found that Alzheimer's may worsen twice as fast as in women.
By Kathryn Doyle (Reuters Health) - In a small new study, volunteers who were shown chocolate and sports drinks after an
We're all tired, and we're ready to do something about it. Recently The Huffington Post teamed up with Parade magazine to
NEW YORK (AP) -- Many men gain a new sense of responsibility and purpose when they become fathers. A new study suggests they
We all know that one woman who seems to have the Pinterest-perfect life. She just made partner at a top law firm, she has
Health stories you may have missed.
Don't quit your job. Just go for a run!
By
Make sure your SPF game is strong
Washington's Sibley Memorial Hospital has a whole program dedicated to laughter.
We've all heard the \rules\ of hydration
Pay attention to when you really come alive each day and use that window to do your most important work, not check email or surf the web. I can do those things half comatose, so I reserve them for my least energetic times just after waking up, right after lunch and just before bed.
On a hot summer day, very little is quite as appealing as your local swimming pool.\u00a0 Swimming is the most popular recreational
There are many things in life that cause us to feel stress and sadness. Here are 11 things you can quit doing right now in order to create a life that feels easier and lighter. Starting today you can give up on things that no longer serve you and embrace positive forward momentum instead.
Nutrition doesn't have to be complicated. In fact, the simpler the model, the likelier your success.  No matter if you're a beginner or a seasoned fitness veteran who hasn't reached their desirable level of leanness -- master these five nutritional habits before attempting anything else.
By
We were smarter in the '90s.
Good news for extroverts
And her six best tips for catching those Z's.
NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 The geographic areas where Lyme\u00a0disease is a bigger danger have grown dramatically, according to a new
Thank your genetics.
Smartphones can track fitness, sleep and nutrition, and they might be able to detect depression, too. \u00a0 A small Northwestern
If you hear about a diet that promises quick weight loss, run. If you hear about a diet that eliminates food groups, run
Go ahead, talk about the weather.
A series of yoga moves to undo the physical stress of a long day.
Agata Blaszczak-Boxe, Contributing Writer\u00a0\u00a0 | \u00a0\u00a0July 08, 2015 07:44pm ET\u00a0 People with light-colored eyes may have a higher
IN FEBRUARY 2012, LaVerne Stiles went to Citrus Memorial Hospital near her home in central Florida for what should have been
Summertime is packed with some of the year's best barbecues, outdoor adventures and vacation time, but it also comes with
And it's super simple.
Not to mention your microbiome.
Scientists have announced the creation of an aerosolized vaccine capable of fully protecting rhesus macaques, a species of
Your lack of shut-eye doesn't just zap your energy -- it\u00a0affects your productivity at the office, too.\u00a0 In their latest report
We need to reprioritize sleep.
If you're a Type A, this explanation is probably a bit unsatisfying. Sorry.
Everyone should know this.
Health stories you may have missed.
NEW YORK (AP) -- Most U.S. adults still aren't eating nearly enough fruits and vegetables. In a large national survey, only
In short, you've got nice weather, new tunes, and no excuse to stay indoors. So, get up, get out, and get your share of the fresh air.
I'm not sure if I'll ever learn that I can't talk my way out of things. Maybe it's the optimist in me. Maybe I'm a dreamer. Maybe I've lost a little touch with reality. Whatever the case, I still believe in miracles, even though they so rarely happen.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) -- A 14-year-old boy who developed a rare brain infection after swimming in a Minnesota lake died Thursday
By Kate Kelland, Health and Science Correspondent LONDON, July 10 (Reuters) - In research that turns on its head previous
A new study from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention finds that pregnant women who take certain drugs that are
2. On the rare occasion you forget your phone at home, a panic attack\u00a0does not ensue.\u00a0 In fact, it feels kind of refreshing
Hey, who are we to judge?
What about eye rolls?
The Disneyland measles outbreak earlier this year may have had a silver lining. According to a new poll, it improved parents
If you're a rockstar at tree pose, you may also have solid relationships.
CHICAGO (AP) -- War-time suicide attempts in the Army are most common in newer enlisted soldiers who have not been deployed
NEW YORK (AP) -- Deepak Jayasimha's fitness tracker is now with his father-in-law in India, where it sits unused. Annabel
A large study of gluten-free\u00a0foods confirms what health experts have long been saying, but many consumers refuse to believe
As a culture, we can be so wrapped up in technological advances, it's easy to forget that one essential, most incredible
She's one of the most charismatic people on TV, so you may be surprised to learn Jane Lynch has social anxiety.\u00a0 The actress
By:\u00a0Laura Geggel Published:\u00a0July 07, 2015 05:35pm ET on LiveScience.
By:\u00a0Tia Ghose Published
As the developing world because more urbanized, the \Western\ diet is spreading all over the world -- and that's not a good thing.
We hold a lot of stress and tension in our hips, an area of the body that is often ignored during a workout warm-up or a
If there were a logo for self-gratification, it would be a giant Facebook thumbs up. \u00a0 \u00a0 We live in a culture where it's
Deadlines have their advantages, but creativity may not be one of them.
Surfers are always, like, totally mellow, right? Not always! While surfing is stereotypically associated with a relaxed lifestyle, the intense demands the sport puts on the body can leave muscles feeling anything but.


Beer lovers, rest easy. Though more research is needed, there is currently no evidence to suggest a post-workout beer or two can cause long-term harm.
It's time to start thinking about light as a powerful medicine -- capable of providing tremendous benefit when used correctly, but requiring care and education in that use. Like a potent drug, it's absolutely necessary that we stay educated and aware of all of light's possible effects on our brains and our bodies.

I will not stop my advocacy, as frustrating as the rejection and silence can get. I will continue to fight for greater recognition of the disability community in every way, because I believe that this is an extremely important goal.


It's clear that health care in the U.S. remains in a state of crisis. Millions of people still don't have health insurance, and pressures remain great to repeal reforms that have extended even bare-bones insurance benefits to the uninsured and underserved.

Don't throw in the towel just yet. There are ways to survive the day. Try these seven simple strategies to save your next workday.
Please understand\u00a0that, as consumers and Americans, you have more options and choices than you know. Celebrate your independence by not being led by current marketing and legislative processes that are not in your best interest or the interest of your family's health and well-being.
I went out and looked for the right job, the right girl, the right everything. But on my quest to find happiness, I discovered three powerful truths.
Whether your vacation is for a day or a year. Whether it's on a cruise ship or in a campground. Whether it's on the other side of the world or at a local park, it can be a transformative experience. It can be a work of art. It can be life changing. Take one soon. You can't afford not to.
She lives in the moment, and she chooses to be happy with whatever she's got. She is grateful for the smallest of things, like the freshly cut grass and the warmth of the sun, and now I am too.
Returning from the war, I was shocked at how little had changed at home.  People seemed to be living their lives in blissful ignorance of the sacrifices being made daily by their countrymen a half a world away -- countrymen whose lives were on the line every single day.

Grieving the loss of alcohol or the girl I was when I drank is just part of choosing to be sober. It's nothing in comparison to grieving my brother, which I think will forever be a part of life my. But no matter what it is that I am grieving, the process is the same and acceptance is the answer.

Summer time is a perfect time to attack those long-awaited projects, right? Well, we thought we wanted to do them but realize we need a break. Is there ever a time to say procrastination is not such a bad thing?  Read on to find out.
Friendships should strengthen our peace of mind and contribute to our inner harmony. Consider taking these six steps the next time you sense toxicity brewing within a relationship and rediscover the joys of truly positive energy.

Is there really merit to the claims that cost makes eating clean unattainable for budget-minded people? And how can you reap the benefits if you're not willing to fork over huge amounts of cash?
What makes smarter than average people less smart about their health? We are living longer but not healthier, despite all the attention paid to health in the media. What we need is more funding for food research and better labeling, not less. More responsible journalistic reporting, not more sensational pronouncements.
As a guiding principle, whatever happens during your meditation session is okay. Meet your experience with kindness and gratitude, and your meditation session will be well worth it, no matter what happens.

We've all heard that phrase, \It's not what you said, but how you said it.\ Well, that's sort of what it's like with coffee, because we're hearing that it's not so much the coffee that creates problems but, rather, the way it's brewed... and stored... and ground.
There is a series of mental events that lead to massive success. Each event is the cause for another event. How can you apply this thinking to create authentic success, meaning and fulfillment in your life? Here's the countdown:
Bad things happen. It's a reality of our world, but we have a choice. We can sit passively by and wait for disaster, or we can work together to try to stop it. This will require a reprioritization that starts to focus on and fund prevention. We already have great ambulances. Now we need to build better, more effective fences.


I have a saying that peace is an active state of mind. We're trying to combine the sense of peace with the necessity for constant work. Peace was often defined as something languid and laid back, a state where you can fold your tent up, stop making an effort, and stop being vigilant. That's not what peace is.
In spite of how it often feels, technology at its best aims for a similar end.   Used wisely, it can make life simpler and easier to manage.  So here are some ways to cultivate awareness and clarity through technology.
The great thing about all of these strategies that that they don't just help the kids. Everybody wins when you make your schedule and your environment more conducive to healthy choices.




Let's talk about the oppression of our minds. How our minds end up screwing everything up, when we don't want it to.
Yes, living your all comes with sacrifice. But by getting rid of the things and relationships that make you only somewhat happy (or plain unhappy), you get to live a life filled with what you love best, and then focus on them with everything you've got.
Most people might take into assumption that because I look happy and healthy that there's absolutely nothing wrong. Here's the thing

June 21st, 2015 wasn't just Father's day or the Summer Solstice (if you're in the appropriate hemisphere), there was another event celebrated officially for the very first time on June 21st of this year
Before you can say \digital detox\ I was in the throes of an awakening, the \once-was-blind-but-now-I-see\ variety. This was particularly meaningful because I am, in fact, going blind.
Regular dental check-ups tend to fall off the to do list of many an adult. But good dental health is not only about the whiteness of your smile, the pink of your gums and the freshness of your breath, but also about your overall health.





There isn't much to laugh about when it comes to breast cancer, but I made the decision when I was diagnosed six months ago to make it my business to try and distract myself from all the treatment and doctors and side effects. To wit, I offer up a poem.

Here are 5 hard-to-hear (but straight up honest) reasons your mindset is the cause of your failures; plus, the truths you must embrace about failure if you ever want to reach that proverbial pot 'o gold at the end of the \success\ rainbow.
Do you think most people are selfish? Do you have difficulty trusting people, even when they treat you with kindness? If so, research shows your attitude may be affecting your income.








Most people think that building better habits or changing your actions is all about willpower or motivation. But the more I learn, the more I believe that the number one driver of better habits and behavior change is your environment.

So you didn't run 30 minutes on the treadmill today. Don't beat yourself up.


Pharmacogenetics is the study of how genes affect a person's response to drugs. This relatively new field allows us to combine pharmacology and genomics to develop effective and safe medication dosages which are specific to an individual's DNA makeup. This means minimizing side effects from the drugs!

So how do we turn up the volume on our intuition and how do we know when it's good information, worth trusting and taking a punt on without reason? These are my five top tips on strengthening intuition:
A baby's delicate skin is particularly vulnerable in the summer, and cumulative sun damage starts on day one. No pressure, parents and grandparents!
These are the world's Blue Zones, and through extensive research, Buettner and his team have found their examples can teach us a lot about living a truly healthy life. Here are a few valuable lessons in longevity from each region.
What this year's Sleep in America poll and other research shows us is that the relationship between pain, health and sleep appears to be quite significant. The results highlight the need for greater understanding of the complexities of pain, sleep and even attitudes going forward.
While many of us are searching for romantic love, remember that true love comes in many different forms and circumstances. Getting more love in your life requires more than dating tips; you'll have to work at it and make some inner changes to find love that has deeper meaning.



Many people struggle to sleep and as we age, these struggles become all the more common. However, we don't always have to be victim of a poor night's sleep. Proper sleep hygiene not only enhances your quality of sleep but also affects your work activity, psychological strain and self-control.


As more celebrities step into the spotlight as yogis, I'm happily seeing more and more men give it a shot. Thanks to yoga, they are now enjoying better flexibility, improved performance in other sports, and less injury.
It might be argued that the money being put toward researching a pharmaceutical treatment for celiac disease, which can be treated with a lifestyle change, is money that would be better used elsewhere.
So even though humans cannot (yet) choose or alter their genetic coding, we are (except in a few extreme instances) able to decide what we want to do with that coding. So do we give in to every little impulse? Or do we place value on more than just what seems fun and interesting in the moment? Despite genetic predispositions, the choice is ours to make.





My single symptom -- the one odd, repeated, symptom that drove me to call my cardiologist and saved my life?  Fatigue.
It might take a while to shift your decisions, especially if they are tied to ingrained habits. But with practice, you will be able to notice the habitual act and say, \What will I do now?\ instead of giving into the next knee-jerk response.
This is what is so difficult about being gluten-free, the lack of industry knowledge about celiac disease and what it means for a product to really be gluten-free. In my coffee example, it is not the product that is the problem; instead, it was the means of preparation.



A study into the relationship between pain and the placebo effect used the dentist's office as a testing ground. The findings provide further evidence of our capacity to heal ourselves.
To the uninitiated, meditation appears mysterious and downright strange.  To the well-practiced however, it's just a normal part of their daily routine. So how does meditation really work, and how are you supposed to do it?
If you tell your students that a pose is hard and scary, it immediately becomes just that. If you break down the pose into accessible bits, then the student may accidentally find themselves in a pose they never thought possible!
The availability of the CMI is good news for people who badly tear their meniscus cartilage. Ideally, meniscus cartilage tears must be repaired and reconstructed when they are freshly diagnosed
If you're new to the gym you may be intimidated, but if you follow these simple guidelines, it will ease your transition from couch potato to gym rat.

Our pets teach us about our tempers, our limits, our stressors. They pull out of us a different type of love and devotion. They hold the role of supporting you and your family in a way that only an animal companion can.
The first thing we do is to deny it and try to hide it as much as possible. But then you get into a place where you cannot give anymore excuses. I then realized I had no choice but to face my emotions and try to kick out this monster that can slowly ruin my peace.



The irony is that change is the only sure thing -- which is why being able to shift your interpretation of it is going to be far more helpful than any effort to stop change from happening. Here are some ways to start to make that shift, and reduce the negative effects of the stress of change.
Meditation has been a go-to business tool to help me see others as part of a shared universe. It allows me to greet people with openness -- be it in a male-dominated boardroom, or across the conference table with a colleague.
What if there's a way we can keep our authentic self, still kick ass in business, and genuinely feel happy along the way. Seem impossible? It's not. Here are 5 ways to obtain that healthy hybrid of reaching for your future while also living in the now.

Alzheimer's disease has absolutely no redeeming value. It is a disease that causes great pain for those who have it, and great pain for their caregivers. I hate what is happening and will continue to happen to Clare. I am angry that I cannot have my best friend, my wife, my lover to be with me to share what I had hoped would be our long retirement years.
Setbacks are a natural consequence of taking a risk. You won't hit a home run every time, but putting yourself out there and becoming vulnerable makes you ahead of the person who does nothing.

Noticing your personal patterns is like figuring out what you don't want; it's a good start, but it's not a solution in and of itself. The magic happens when you figure out how you DO want to feel.
It turns out that our unique tapestry of emotional responses -- whether \njoy, anger, curiosity, disgust, surprise, sadness, fear, shame or guilt -- all serve a distinctive purpose. Even though we might like to eliminate unfavorable emotions, they serve an important role.



Yoga is a new way of looking at life that translates into a way of interacting with life. The twisting and balancing poses that appear difficult from the outside foster composure and self-awareness--they draw the person back into the inner world.
What's the secret to actually making time for meditation?
I'm still learning and experimenting with different ideas, but here are some strategies I've been using to stay fit while traveling. (Plus, the new approach that I'm taking this year).


When you're strapped for time, and need to squeeze cardio and weights into a single sweat session, which should you tackle first? Strength training, according to the recent research and fitness pros. Here's why.

It is funny how if we accomplish the little things, everything else in life seems to run smoother.  We feel better about ourselves, we have more stability in our relationships, our homes are more pleasant to be in, we are healthier, and we are under less stress generally.



In the fittest cities, it's more common that a large percentage of the population meets CDC physical activity guidelines, eats the recommended amount of fruits and vegetables daily and has low rates of health issues like heart disease, diabetes and asthma.

In other words, the best diet for our health depends, as it ever has, not on replacing trans fat with any one oil from any one nut up any one tree; but on seeing the forest.
When I was unable to see beyond my own shame and insecurities, I did not love myself and I could not provide true unconditional love to others. If you are in a self-made prison, you certainly cannot provide that love and there are people who need you.
To get the most out of psychotherapy try to show as many of the different parts of your personality in your session as you can. We all wear masks -- personas -- to get along in less intimate settings such as professional situations, and to get through difficult times.


Perhaps you searched websites and purchased a few specialty running magazines to help you get off to a strong start. That's generally a solid approach when it comes to learning about something new, but there are some pervasive myths that could confuse you as a beginning runner. Here are just a few of them:
Chipotle is known for their local produce, GMO-free menu, ethically-sourced protein--and crazy-delicious Mexican fare. And while their \build your own\ concept can make it easy to end up with a burrito that clocks in at over 1,000-calories (or worse!), you can use it to your nutritional advantage.
Decisions about such a personal issue as breast cancer screening must be informed by best evidence and include the patient's risks, her breast tissue composition, and her personal choice and preferences, even if her choices collide with her health care provider's preferences

As I think back to the many business defeats I endured, restarts in my career and flops that I have experienced, I share with you 10 ways I deal with defeat...


there are a few things this experience taught me about the importance of honoring oneself and going after dreams no matter how big or small. Here are the eight things getting a tattoo taught me about myself:
Woo-woo or not, compassion is needed today more than ever, and perhaps mindfulness can help bring us there. Through Mumford's book, we can all learn to be Mindful Athletes in our day-to-day lives.
No matter what the etiology, the goal is to recognize the problem, learn from it, and extricate oneself as soon as possible to avoid loss of time and energy. If allowed to persist, the condition can result in inertia and hopelessness.



Technology has made it so easy to reach so many people in such a short period of time which is an amazing business tool and a way to keep tabs on a great number of people, but we're turning away from the personal touch. Facebook, Twitter, and E-mail are convenient ways to keep in touch with coworkers, friends, and colleagues but they often fail to make or develop deep connections.
As someone who has an insatiable desire to know and do everything, I've also come to find three insights particularly helpful. Rather than concrete actions, they serve more as mindsets or perspectives to take on all that is available to us now -- and stay centered on what truly matters to us as individuals.
Therapists do try to explain what it means to work in therapy, but it's difficult to describe briefly how the process works, and delivering even a short discourse in session can be disruptive to the natural flow of the work.
Whether you're looking for a surge of creativity or hoping to beat the blues, exercise could be a great solution. We've combed through the research and outlined some of the many ways exercise can improve your mental health.







Make just one aspect of your work life better, more beautiful or more interesting, and you'll gain (or regain) that sense of connection to your job. And that may be the one boost you need so that your work feels a little bit less like work. Here are three ways to start connecting now.


I'd been combing through Buzzfeed's Clean Eating Challenge for a few days, and a lot of the recipes looked easy, healthy and delicious. It was only two weeks, and I would certainly save money by cutting out alcohol and restaurants. Plus, I wanted to feel better. What did I have to lose?



There is much we still don't understand about how artificial sweeteners may affect humans, but a growing body of research suggests turning to diet soda to feed a sugar craving may not be a good bet. A smart approach is to reduce consumption of sugar, fake or real.





Begin your day with an intellectual mise-en-scene. Plan ahead. Prioritize your list. Above all, put your smartphone away when you are with the people you love. They are your priority, not other people's Instagram feeds.


Sleep apnea is commonly thought of something that affects only older or overweight individuals, when in reality the face of the condition is much broader. It can affect the young or old, male or female, and out of shape to super fit, so awareness of the condition's signs and effects proves important for everyone.
Talk therapy can address a multitude of problems that may be holding you back. A trained professional can help you continue on the path to reaching your greatest potential, even when you're already wildly successful.
You know what's fashionable? A DVF wrap dress. Not strolling in after we've already ordered (and eaten) the entire bread bowl.
Actually, take a few, deep, slow breathes before putting food in your mouth. This can help stimulate your parasympathetic nervous system into action and turn ON digestion, which can do wonders for your health in the long run.

Why is daily meditation called a \practice\?  Whatever you practice on the cushion for a few minutes is meant to be brought into your daily life.  Stillness, presence, mindfulness, calm, breathing, acceptance, forgiveness, loving-kindness or whatever your practice may be, can be brought into daily life.
Could changing it up be what you need to get stronger, fitter, faster? Take the test now.
Take time to find the thankfulness in every situation. Once you are filled with thanks, find ways to express that gratitude in what you say and do. One of the easiest ways to feel happy is to make someone else feel it first.
Today, I am celebrating Dr. Bob's last drink and the millions of people who have recovered from addiction since that pivotal moment.

Understanding what motivates people's decisions and how people can find success is one of the keys to building a successful community.
I remembered my dream not too long ago. And ever since then I've made decisions that have lead me closer and closer to that dream. And in return The Universe keeps making it easier and easier for me to get there. It's so vivid now, it feels so close. It's so right.
So if we believe a good restaurant is pricier, friendly or cleaner would we be able to tell if something wasn't quite right?  What would happen if you ordered steak and the chef used a fatty piece of meat he bought at the grocery store?  What if he arraigned it beautifully and the impeccably dressed waiter brought it to you on a platter?  Would you be able to tell?
Just listing broad categories, one might think of the environment, business, people, or education. But the broad categories would never be enough to get to the heart of the matter. To determine the real impact of each individual person, it's important to be mindful and consider depth.
Being ridiculously in charge of your own life doesn't mean trying to control the uncontrollable, or trying to \manage\ every element of your life. And it doesn't mean never feeling bad or being upset. It means having the integrity to recognize what is real, releasing the human tendency to resist reality when it's uncomfortable, and developing mastery over yourself and only yourself.
The power of the written word was not new to me. Without books I'm not sure I would have survived those first 18 years of my life. Literature was my medicine, my escape, and my rest, all through growing up. But never did it matter more than during those days with Anna Karenina.
In vetting the menus for more than 200 chain restaurants, Einstein and her team were looking for not only high-calorie offenders but also those that were dangerously high in fat, sodium and added sugars. Here are nine of the highest-calorie meals at chain restaurants:

Your gorgeous BFF gets a huge, honking zit smack-dab on the middle of her forehead, the day before a big party you'll both be attending. Do you a) feel awful for her and try to pick up her spirits with an \It's not that bad!\ pep talk, or b) try to pick up her spirits with an \It's not that bad!\ pep talk... while secretly smiling to yourself?
I believe all consumers have a right to know what is in their food, so they can make informed choices for their families. For food allergic families, a lack of disclosure puts our children at risk for fatal attacks. Food allergic families need this information so we, or our well-intentioned friends, families and schools, don't buy something that has a surreptitious ingredient in it that can kill.
To solve your weight problem, you need to make a permanent change in your behavior, made possible with behavioral therapy. Success comes with learning how to eat what you like in ways that keep you at your desired weight and it becoming habitual and a new \normal\ for you.

Making an effort to decrease the amount of food you waste has several benefits, from money savings to environmental support and even philanthropy. Curious where to start? A little planning and self-awareness goes a long way.
The encouraging news is that mistakes are necessary for learning -- and motivation -- to occur.
If you spent your whole weekend on the couch, waking up for a Monday morning workout might be extra tough. But the start of the week is actually a great time to recommit to staying fit.
While belief in yourself and confidence that you can succeed are keys to success, contingency planning is just as important.

The need to mend broken hearts has never been greater. But what if we could simply manufacture a new one?



\Our interventions are often for a limited time, so it ultimately falls on the family to make sure the home environment is working. We're always happy and relieved when a family reaches out to us and asks how they can help.\


Our tendency to procrastinate may be largely due to the fact that we put things off until \someday.\ Since \someday\ never appears on the calendar, our good intentions don't turn into action until we create deadlines.



Mariel Hemingway is the granddaughter of one of America's greatest writers Ernest Hemingway. With her memoir, Out Came the Sun, she shows how compassion, education, and understanding can take us all out of the darkness and into the light.
There are many ways to live life -- there is no right or wrong. However, some of us believe in living a life full of passion -- a life where you never feel bored, stagnant, or stuck -- a life where you're constantly excited and inspired.
Actually, it wasn't at all what I thought it would be like. I've now been practicing yoga regularly for almost two years, and while I continue to discover more about myself (and my practice) with each class, these are the eight things I wish had known before spending more time on the mat.
Even with pretty amazing technology at our disposal, dreams -- their function, their purpose -- remain relatively little understood. The study of dreams through brain accidents, abnormalities, and disease will likely continue to be a source of new details that enrich our knowledge of this most mysterious aspect of life.
Familiarity and freshness are key ingredients in a workout playlist. While songs from the former category provide reliable inspiration, those in the latter bring the dynamism. Thankfully, June's top workout tracks feature a healthy balance of both.
When we keep stress in the closet, we aren't doing ourselves any favors. Instead, bring these everyday items out of storage and put them to good use to minimize the negative impacts of stress.
Anger isn't fun, but it isn't going away either. I have found time and again however, the more I patiently catch myself and interrupt the anger knot from getting tied tighter and the more I'm understanding and forgiving of my and other's imperfections, the less real estate anger owns in my day.
Self-doubt will creep in from time to time, and that pesky tormentor will keep bugging you. Just remember that you are in control of your life and the things that affect you. Don't give anyone who makes you feel worthless an extra second of your time.

We are in a different time period thanks to scientific discovery. Our health care system and our views of what cancer looks like need to expand to match up with where we are.

We often get stuck like fish swimming in the waters of our lives. We do things to make ourselves look good, to be someone everyone thinks we should be, even at the cost of compromising who we really are. We don't know these things are holding us back, because we've let it become normal.
There is nothing more humbling and rewarding than taking advice from your kids. Can I make myself feel better by taking credit for my son's intuitive words of wisdom? Maybe not. But I can be smart enough to pay attention. He's making good sense, so perhaps I'm not screwing up 100 percent of the time.
If you need to go a hospital Emergency Department, Dr. Dayner offers these recommendations to help get the best care with the least amount of anxiety:
Here are three ways to give yourself this replenishing break for your brain, even without a plane ticket or a night at a B&B.


That evolution has brought forth a new purpose; one that focuses on how I can create a world of unconditional love. This will change too. Like the direction of the wind, purpose is fleeting and ever changing.


Organisms kill and eat other organisms because they taste good, hunger feels bad, and getting eaten feels even worse. Conscious feelings drive behavior which serves evolution. Materialists' error is ignoring consciousness.
Time is undeniably and exceptionally transient. We can fill that time with meaningful relationships, with character, with introspection, growth and passion, with adventure, laughter, lessons and memories. And better a short time well spent, than an eternity living at the fringes of your own life.
For a recovering intellectual who prefers to use three words when one would probably do, this has at times posed an interesting dilemma. Sometimes I still want to analyze every aspect of the universe in minute detail; at other times I just want to enjoy being alive.
You are becoming more complete.  But wonderfully, you will never be finished.  Because someone and something new awaits you around each and every corner.
Our time on this earth is shorter than we think it is. In the end, we won't be remembered for how much money we made or what we did for a living. We'll be remembered for our kindness and the compassion we extended toward others.

Strategic slacking has enabled me to dramatically increase both the quality of my work and the amount I get done in a given day. It increases productivity because we don't think or work or create at the same rate throughout the day.
I was diagnosed with a rare, debilitating disease called Friedreich's ataxia (FA) when I was 17.  I am now 33.  Here are some things to consider when thinking about what rare disease means for your life.
Try to avoid hot, spicy foods, warm beverages, caffeine and alcohol, as these are common hot flash triggers. When choosing clothing in the morning, dress in layers, so you can remove a layer if you get too warm. Pick light, breathable fabrics.
When all is said and done, we don't need scientific studies to prove to us the inestimable value of having, sustaining and sharing hope. For those of us working hard to improve our health, in spite of huge challenges, hope forms an indispensable infrastructure of internal love and support.


What good is a lateral raise if you can't do a proper press? What good is a fancy business logo if you haven't found your first paying customer? What good is a better guitar if you haven't built the habit of practicing each day?

My intention always is to provoke thought, open minds and hearts, as well as to make the world a kinder and more loving place, collectively. Are there times when people's comments push my buttons? Sure. If I find myself wanting to react viscerally, I take a step back and breathe, asking myself how I want to respond instead.
I'd spent years of my adult life wishing I could have my own moment of clarity so I could eliminate all the crap from my life, to no avail. But in the very moment I made the difficult choice to live, I was able to look so clearly at my life and see the simplest, most important path, and how to get there.

Remembering that we're all more alike than not -- and that we only appear unrelated and dissimilar -- will help us stop judging. Thinking inclusively makes it easier to accept different perspectives.
I hope those of you reading this blog will take the opportunity to share it with your friends and family.  These are simple ideas and easy to keep in mind.  As anyone will tell you who have had a death notification you never forget how or where you were told.


In The Lion's Mouth Opens, Walker focuses on young actress Marianna Palka as she finds out whether she has inherited this fate, an incurable degenerative disorder which took her father and now has a 50 percent chance of taking her body and her mind.
We reached out to some of the top fitness experts and asked how they balance their exercise, health and sleep schedules both personally and for clients, and also asked them to clear up common misconceptions they see regarding rest in the fitness world. Read on to learn from some of the best in fitness.
Daydreams have benefits. And with a little focus, you can turn them into a creative task that will help you get more done and be more inventive with everything you do. Daydream more ... with a little direction.

Most of us who have faced anxiety know that we should have come out with it sooner, and that doing so brings about great relief. Letting it fester and go untended is a surefire way to add fuel to the fire.
Due to nature of the topic many grieving people feel alone in their pain and there exist no magic pills for relief and even time, although it has an effect, does not eliminate grief, at best it just may put it in perspective after a while.



As you absorb the fresh air and live in the natural environment, it sends a signal to your soul that whatever rut it might be in can be changed for the better.


It won't be easy, and it will take time (maybe years or decades) but I have identified that obnoxious roommate and now it's time to show her the door.
Proceed with caution, whether you're using balsamic vinegar or its kissing cousin balsamic vinaigrette, which, as a salad dressing, can have added sugar, oil, and seasonings. And don't be fooled by those fancy-sounding commercial balsamic vinegars.
Choose to honor life -- not to disparage it. It's the deepest and most natural and pleasurable thing in you. It's who you truly are and you owe it to yourself and others to live life fully with goodness and generosity. Go for it! You can have real and lasting happiness.
Pictures and other means of documentation are valuable because they assist in keeping the memories alive; however, what if they also create a distraction from the importance and beauty of the actual moment?
If you are truly connected to your life in all manner of your existence, you will successfully keep up with your life. Living is a creative expression of what makes you who you are. Think of the joy when everyone sits at the table of life without fear of being judged or labeled, living freely, dancing freely and giving freely.
Stop waiting for life to be kinder, for the storms to calm, for your big break to magically appear, for your white knight to round the corner or for a fair maiden to come and fulfill your every desire. Stop betraying yourself. Stop betraying your dreams.

I've learnt more since I quit my nine-to-five job to start my own business than in 10 years working in public relations. Like most entrepreneurs, I am an autodidact. I also surrounded myself with smart, successful people and learn as much as I can from them. Following my dreams has been a lesson in growth. Here are my top 10 life altering realizations
Mastering this deep hip opener and backbend can help stretch these areas and release tension. Use the following five poses from teacher Chelsea Jackson to warm up safely for One-Legged King Pigeon.
I overstand why Black males in America do what we do. So many of us simply do not know how to take care of ourselves, holistically, in the face of the multiple challenges we confront every single day.
It made perfect sense to me that I should try a \spin class\ of my own, thinking that maybe it would change my life too.  As fate would have it, my neighborhood workout studio just opened a brand new cycle class, at the beginning of the year. I signed up and have not looked back. Here are the top seven motivations Dailey Cycle has given me, one step at a time:

During these days and the two weeks I spent recovering from my near-death experience, I had the most inconsiderate and frustrating things said to me.  These left me further discouraged and upset.

In order to develop lifelong, healthy dieting practices, permanent behavior change backed by consistency and discipline should be your new goal. By making small positive adjustments to your diet, you can eventually transform the way you eat in order to create a healthier happier person.


I want you to keep trying -- no matter how discouraged you get. You'll be amazed at the life you can lead when you stop looking for the easy way out of life's chokehold, and instead, persevere in spite of it.


In 2009, I made the unusual decision to sell a company I had built for 14 years, donate nearly all the money and give away my possessions to undertake a three-year meditation retreat.

Positive change brings new opportunities and enthusiasm, which can be contagious and inspiring. We all know how good it feels when we're in our flow. We are more alive, more present and more connected. Isn't that what we all want for ourselves and for our loved ones?
Try reminding yourself that you're living a story, and a story always involves the unexpected. And if you're waiting for the part when it gets good, trust me, you're in a good part right now.
These types of problems can be found on your feet as rough, dry, cracked heels, callus/corn formation on the toes or balls of your feet and arch cramps or fatigue from all the long walks or vacation shopping that accompany summer activities.
Dreams are a compelling area of research for scientists, in part because there's still so much to learn about how, and why, we dream. For all the scientific attention paid to dreaming, many of the most fundamental and important questions about dreaming remain unanswered.


Find someone who says they love their job and you've found someone who loves their life. People who are happy with life before and after 5 p.m. do their whole lives differently. Here are some characteristics of people who love their jobs and five things they're doing right all the time.
If you're starting a new exercise routine, the support of a trainer can bolster your commitment to your workout routine.

Prevention is not only the least expensive form of medicine and the healthiest, it is also the friendliest and most neighborly.  Be a good neighbor and enjoy your summer -- get vaccinated.



One of the most challenging parts of running is preventing wear and tear, so here's the low-down on the most common and problematic injuries David Geier, MD sees in runners, how to fix them yourself and when to get help.
There seems to be a very beautiful trend taking shape that I am completely devoted to

Throughout our lives no one teaches us how to be in relationships. There are no classes in school that tell us how to have healthy and happy relationships. We are often just navigating them on our own and learning as we go. Given that we are often uneducated on healthy relationships, what are some things one can do to cultivate better relationships with others? Here are a few tips.
Being the somnonaut that I am, I have always been interested in trying to sleep in a R.E.S.T tank. While I was never convinced that I would emerge from the experience transformed into a short, hairy primitive being as in the 1980 William Hurt movie Altered States, I have always believed that the experience could be transformative.

Though many aspects of achieving good sleep are under our control, one often-overlooked factor is the outside environment. Changes to temperature, atmospheric pressure, humidity and precipitation influence us in many ways, both positive and negative.

The forests that produce our oxygen are in turn dependent on animal species that are sustained by them, and pay it back in various ways, such as by dispersing seeds. The vast interdependence of life is a bedrock principle of biology, from bees to buffalo to banyan trees. As glaciers melt and sea levels rise, our fellow species and we will sink or swim together.

Optimism requires hope. It expects good to triumph over evil. It obliges us to believe in heroes, in the rewards of virtue and that every cloud has a silver lining. Optimism requires us to believe that we can make a difference if we just put one foot in front of the other, even on those days when we feel like curling up into a ball and closing out the world.

Notice what does not belong to you, that is holding you back and eliminate it from your life; do not let it slow you down. The following tasks help me each and every time I would like to conquer my fears.


All joking aside, I'd say that I spend an exceptional amount of time thinking about what it means to be an adult. At 26, I wrestle with this notion constantly, sometimes what feels like every moment of every day.

Essentially, the term nomophobia is a mashup of \no mobile phone phobia.\ The term originated in 2008 in conjunction with a study commissioned by the British Postal Service (perhaps fearing that smartphones were putting them out of business).
In real life, this is Albert Lea, Minnesota, a town of 18,000 working to prove that healthy lifestyles like walking and good nutrition are not just big city things.

Determining what's truly on top of your list is how you recognize your limits and accept realistic expectations. Not only that, you also are better connected to the important reasons behind all that you're doing, which is a powerful vaccination against chronic stress. Here are three ways to get started.
I'm on a quest to continue to connect with the rest of the world. I am on a quest to experience and give experiences. I want to take that step forward and be in the universe. I want to help and love and reach out and, maybe through that kindness and care and charity, find a little meaning, a little satisfaction, a moment or two of happiness for myself.
I admire all the mothers and fathers who nurture and respect the home by cleaning and organizing. But some of us may benefit from letting go of a few tasks, to then benefit from being creative in other ways.
Still, edibles that resemble sugary snacks pose several clear risks. One is overintoxication. Whereas consumers commonly assume that a candy bar constitutes a single serving, some of these products contain four or more times the level of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) that is considered to be a safe dose.

All it takes is a little thought, effort and commitment, and any workplace can reduce costs, increase productivity and maximize profits by making happiness a priority

We often think that we want an open road and the ability to choose any direction for ourselves. But sometimes, what we need is a tunnel that can reduce our choices and send us in a focused direction. How can you eliminate the need to make the same decisions over and over again? How can you use constraints to drive your habits forward -- even if it's in a very small way?
On Robertson Boulevard in Los Angeles, I experienced another example of phones turning people into mindless robots. Here's why you need to put your phone down before you're transformed into Mr or Mrs. Oblivious... (or worse).

The past year has stretched me, pulled me, and challenged me more than I ever thought possible, but today I am more grounded, vibrant, connected and authentic than ever before with the unshakeable confidence to match, and I teach my clients to do the same. This is shining from the inside out.


Not only was I sick physically, but I also felt lost and confused. I felt a temporary disconnection from spirit and creative flow that led me to prioritize healing. I also started to ask lots of questions.

I've been bold and brave in many ways, but I want to take it to a whole new level. Because what's next for me requires that I step it up, and that I'm willing to get really, really uncomfortable. That I share myself and my work in a whole new way. But I'm ready to rise to the challenge. Ready to be able to say that I was bolder and braver, and that I lived and loved and led as fully as I could.

If it happened to a friend, a third cousin twice removed, a parent, an ex-best friend, a stranger, it doesn't matter. The way you feels matters. It doesn't matter why you feel the way you do; all that matters is what you feel. It is legitimate.
Pizza, like all great foods, can be nutritious if we choose for it to be healthful. With a few small modifications both to nutrition and lifestyle, we truly can transform the menu with all of the passion and none of the pounds.
The long-held belief is that only smokers get lung cancer and that getting sick is just a consequence of that choice. Not true. Two-thirds of new cases are in women who quit many years or never smoked.
Turns out, plenty. Here are 101 surprising, electronics-free activities that will help you wind down at night rather than rev up, making it easier to fall asleep and get a good night's rest.  Go ahead, give 'em a try. Your body will thank you.

While group members grieve the changes that Alzheimer's disease has brought to their lives and relationships, they find that they are no longer quite so alone in facing life's daily challenges, losses and decisions. They are part of a new community of men and women who intuitively understand their struggle.
Spend a few moments sensing the clear spaces in your mind and spirit.  Get in touch with the feeling of satisfaction and relief that one feels when they have done a thorough cleaning.  Here are ways to align your physical spring cleaning with the goal of creating order on a multitude of levels:

We often know what we should be doing, it's the lack of action that halts our progress. What good, however, is a ton of useful information that goes unused? Time to roll up those sleeves and get to work future Luckie, your luck depends on it! If good luck doesn't find us, we must go out and find it.

And let's remember
You can't build a house without a solid foundation. You can't learn a new language without learning grammar rules. You can't immediately flock to the gym without some preparation. So, let's pretend we're going back into lecture hall and this time, no sleeping through lecture.


In sum, mindfulness is both process and outcome; it is a skill to practice and apply. Doing so deepens our capacity and broadens our ability. Although each of us trains individually, mindfulness is not about \me.\ Rather, living mindfully allows us dedicate our own practice to a greater purpose and the greater good.

Over the last several years I have found that there are some things I can do in order to make healthier choices and stay closer to my everyday routine. Here are my tips and tricks for trying to stay healthy on the road.



You show the world one person, but know there is a different one within, waiting to come out and be seen. You are ready to become this person, your true self, and are wondering how to do so. Here you will find seven ways to help you identify your true self and help you make the transition to become and live as your true self easier.
As a society, I think we collectively have a journey to take -- a journey away from ridicule, mockery and condemnation and a journey toward compassion, understanding and support.  The season on fat people needs to close and stay that way.  Daniel Finney wants to become a healthier person; we need to become a healthier nation.
Twenty years later, I am pursuing a career as a violinist. As a result, my hands are incredibly important to me as the means by which I express myself musically.
While I advocate for organic food, I see a rising obsession for certified USDA Organic that is alarming. In other words, anything that doesn't have the organic seal is rejected as \poisonous garbage,\ and the farmers who produced it labeled as \evil.\
In our daily, lifestyle practice we know that when we feel better, we do better. As we learn to pay greater attention to our feelings by identifying and sharing them with others, our stress will decrease and our emotional intimacy and support will increase.
You don't need to swear these foods off completely this summer.  You just need to be mindful of how much of them you're eating, and how often.



Here are 10 simple meditation tips for beginners to help you get through that initial frustration and get started with your own meditation practice:
Of course I falter more than I succeed, but I do think over the year, these words of wisdom have helped me to develop a better mental filter, to increase my use of the [BACKSPACE] key and to commit to a life of graciousness.







When my time does come, whether it be tomorrow, months, or years from now, I want to know I did everything I could to pay the goodness I've been shown forward. I want to live gratefully in each moment and for each person who has filled every grace given breath with beauty. With this grace I have so graciously been gifted, I will fight.
What I'm left with now is not only all of Chrissy's things for the time being, but this drive to carry on without her. I refuse to acknowledge we lost, that I am defeated. She wouldn't want that. I try to appreciate beautiful days for both of us. I've caught myself wondering if I can accurately gauge what she would and wouldn't have loved. I think I can. No, wait -- I know I can.

Artificial joint replacement is the last resort for most people when their knees have worn out. Fortunately, the procedure itself has become much less painful, far quicker, and more accurate; and it has a faster recovery time than ever before, if the best techniques are used.
Races can be exhilarating and fun, but they can also be demoralizing and difficult. The smallest details can make a huge difference. To save you the trouble (and embarrassment) of having to learn from your own race day mistakes, I'll share mine with you.
The joy of taking loving action in your own behalf, of feeling filled with love from Spirit and sharing that love with others is indescribable. Once you discover it, you will no longer attach your happiness and safety to others or to events. Happiness and a deep sense of inner safety can become your way of being, whether you are alone or with others.
Our experiences of love and the losses from them become woven into the larger tapestry of our lives, if we can accept them, learn from them, and continue to grow beyond them. Like the tree, we can encompass the \damage,\ incorporate and learn from them; and become stronger by embracing them as an enduring part of who we are and who we can continue to become.
The argument goes that people become overweight because they eat too much and exercise too little, so to lose weight they should reduce calories and increase exercise. Experts who espouse this theory completely neglect that your body is a biochemical lab, not a bank account.


The most important thing to do when listening to a person who stutters is to act natural. Don't make fun of the person who stuttered. Don't laugh. Don't try to mimic the person. Don't say anything about learning how to talk.
The greatest gains we can achieve in the next 10 years in public mental health will derive from closing the gap between what we know and what we do in both mental health and the addictions.
When you are unattached to the outcome of the decision, you make decisions that create space for the best possible outcome for you. However, when you are attached to the outcome, fear and indecisiveness come and take the space and then the outcome is much less ideal and a very stressful experience.

We have seen the positive impact of tailored, community specific approaches to manage asthma better; we must continue to support this work. Let's not only renew our focus, but disrupt the status quo to advance the evolution in care and research -- we owe it to those seven plus million children living with asthma.

\Dare to be naive!\ I utter that phrase to myself like a mantra. I know that to be astonished by the force of life, by that mystery that keeps us striving and sometimes thriving, is probably our most important assignment.
The first step towards recovery after working in a toxic environment is to acknowledge that it's not a reflection of your skills, abilities and overall competence as an employee.
I wanted to be less of a judgmental, perfectionist, control freak... and finally work out what I wanted to do with my life. The project gave me more than I could ever have imagined, or hoped for, but there are three fundamental lessons from My Year of TED that I think everyone should apply to their own lives. They are a great start to improving your mental health and general happiness.
I've spent my entire career helping high performers set up better strategies and habits to keep them energized, engaged and achieving their best. And the biggest secret I've learned in almost 20 years in this field is what I call \trigger moments.\
Have you been passing on potatoes, skipping spaghetti, and banning bread in an effort to get leaner for summer? If so, your diet strategy may backfire because research suggests these favorite foods aren't the diet disasters that they've been made out to be.

No matter how scary, stressful or unplanned it may be, open it with welcome arms. Admit your fear and give yourself time to adjust. Here's to a positive change and your ability to love it.
It's not a perfect comparison because everyone's hand is a different size, but even if it's not an exact science, it is very useful. And if your hand is larger than average, you can probably can eat more food than someone with a smaller hand.


Finding our separate ways in meditation is what also brought us together. Both of us were seeking answers to the same question
Women are often the center of a family, a neighborhood, a business or a volunteer effort, but as I remind women every day, we cannot fulfill these roles unless we are healthy and vibrant.  Here is my decade-by-decade guide to your health.

Many of the widows sought medical attention from a general health care provider for a plethora of reasons. While some providers are adept and highly sensitive, others clearly lack some appropriate bedside manners.

My mom said, \I'm moving out,\ in the same casual voice I use to order my 7am coffee. I must have blacked out because the only thing I remember from that night is slamming a door and suddenly I'm 15 again
For anyone to generate explosive power in their movements, whether it's in sports or through general physical conditioning, you must have strength.  Where does strength come from?  Strength stems from the \core,\ which essentially starts from the feet all the way up to the head.
There is always a brick wall underneath your plaster. There is always the presence of everything you want, covered by the familiar. It's waiting for you. It's been there all along. There's an astonishment beneath your confusion and habitual way of thinking.
It's been over a week since an earthquake ravaged Nepal, in which, tragically, at least 7,000 people have perished. This harrowing loss of human life and cultural heritage--many historic sites and sacred temples are now piles of rubble--is unspeakably sad and sobering.
It is increasingly up to us -- patients and families -- to advocate aggressively for better treatments and ensure that we are getting the right treatment for ourselves.
Every mother knows what it is to feel out of energy and patience. But a mother never runs out of love; it's self-replenishing. This week, treat yourself to that same patience and support, the kind you have shown to your own friends and family, to help you ease the negative effects of stress.
I had changed. Now, envisioning myself like a newly hatched chick perceiving the light for the first time, I sensed my place as a tiny being, born to imbibe and attempt to understand the world, in contrast to experiencing myself at the center of it.

I will spend Mother's Day with my Mom. I will cherish her smile that beams below her confused, opaque eyes because somewhere deep, deep down I know she knows me. I know she loves me.
Just as a remix can breathe new life into a familiar favorite, a few new songs can liven up an entire playlist. So, take a listen to some this month's highlights, see what moves you, and put the winners to work.


As time went on I began to see how I had been struggling under the weight of my stuff. I had bought into the illusion that 'more' equates with self-worth and happiness. I had lost touch with the true source of my joy and inner peace -- my spirit.
Rather than live in a cycle of hopelessness and scarcity, I believe anyone can live each day in abundance. Just power-up your appreciation for what you do have and who you truly are, and break free.
So many of our viewers reach out to me asking about the necklaces I wear on my show. What they might not know is that my mother is the inspiration behind the statement necklaces I wear each day.
Is Mother's Day a struggle for you?  Do you have difficulty finding a card that accurately represents your relationship?  If so, make time this Sunday for you.  Take some time to provide for yourself the nurturing, loving experience you deserve.
So many of our viewers reach out to me asking about the necklaces I wear on my show. What they might not know is that my mother is the inspiration behind the statement necklaces I wear each day.


If prevention were a national priority, how would our lives change? That question is followed by another one, which is
The quality of life you live and your ability to do the meaningful things you set out to will depend almost entirely on the decisions you make. Here's one more small set of tools to use to make sure your choices are the best ones possible.

With the updated Dietary Guidelines for Americans due out later this year, Michele Simon has been working to ensure that the guidelines are based on science, not meat and sugar lobby pressure. She recently spoke with me about what the guidelines might ultimately say about meat consumption and what consumers can do to be part of the process.
Juices cleanses are a trendy weight-loss method. Proponents of juice cleanses claim you will lose weight and remove toxins from your body. Is it really healthy to only have liquids for as long as a week?
Do you struggle with what to eat at these events? Do you find it hard to make healthy choices? I'm here to help! Here are 10 things you can do to help ensure that your next social engagement does not leave you with a huge hangover or a food coma.



As a meditation and mindfulness teacher (and forever student), I am thrilled when I see new articles, books, and stories from people experiencing the many benefits of meditation.  There is no question that it will invite more joy, peace, happiness and compassion into our lives.
I have learned every moment is a gift. Every milestone a celebration no matter how big or small. Sometimes it is a step forward and then a few back but as long as we keep moving forward with good days it is ok.
While it's natural to wonder if you might have inherited an abnormal BRCA gene from one of your parents, it's also important to remember that the overwhelming majority of women with breast cancer have no family history of the disease. That's why genetic testing is recommended only for people whose family history or other factors suggest the presence of a gene mutation.
While I may not get as many years as I was hoping for in this life, I feel my very soul has lived a thousand years. This old soul, enlightened well beyond my 23 years, finally understands the true beauty in life.
Leslie was the kindest and most loving human being I've ever known. She was genuine in her interest in others and would do anything to support and encourage their success.
The next time you find yourself feeling overwhelmed with learning something new, take a step back. Honor all that you already know, the size and majesty of the bubble that surrounds you. Relax, knowing that your efforts will succeed.
Your goal isn't to be perfect. Your goal is simply to win the majority of the time. And if you cast enough votes for the right identity, eventually the good behaviors will win out.
Most of you are great starters but not all are great finishers. If you have lost your mojo and want to be a better you for summer, commit to a new beginning right now. Here are eight ways to get your mojo back and keep it flourishing.
We have put ourselves on the wrong track, forgetting the essential part of our lives, which is our wellbeing. We have left ourselves behind and allowed the endless demands of work and life -- in the form of deadlines, emails and endless meetings -- to sweep us away.




Here are four solid tips that will help you get in the best shape for summer.
Judgment, criticism, and believing our way is the right way is the root of all conflict between individuals and nations.  But here's the deal -- it's only a way of deflecting attention away from yourself, so you don't have to look at your own stuff!

Witnessing these four young mental health advocates share the highs and lows of their healing journeys, it was clear to all present that telling one's story openly and honestly is a sign of strength -- not weakness and shame.

With 2014 the hottest year on record, the impact of an already warmer world is putting our health at risk through the spread of ticks that carry disease.  Can we afford to allow the planet to keep getting warmer, with projections for the expansion of ticks and lyme disease set to spiral out of control?
Burnout is when the quality of your health, relationships, and work are likely to take a painful, possibly long-term nosedive. This is not a place you want to find yourself too many times in your life, but it's the (unsurprising) fallout from our pressure-packed, always-on modern lives. Here are six things you can do to avoid burnout.




What you need to do is stop dieting and start making a lifestyle change by eating real, whole foods that nourish your body and your whole being. This way you'll no longer be depriving yourself and you'll find pleasure, not guilt, in your eating.
Sometimes, making it to the gym just isn't going to happen. Instead of throwing in the towel, try these at-home exercises created by Nicole Winhoffer, new global trainer for Adidas and ambassador for Adidas by Stella McCartney.
Whether you're still in the midst of the storm or idling in the aftermath, the truth is that you have to reach down and make the decision that although you may have had no control over what happened to you, you do have control over how you respond and move forward. These six tips will help start you on that journey...


Drugs Over Dinner aims to provide a safety net for those secretly crumbling under their own addiction or that of a loved one. We have the opportunity and the tools to change the status quo and fight addiction together.
If you're a night person, don't spend one minute feeling bad about it. Instead, just start playing with this pattern. At first, it might take discipline. But before long, having time to unwind in the evening and to get centered and energized in the morning might feel like a real treat.


While it's true that the caveman did not consume a lot of whole grains, the fact they have been with us for millennia and are considered an important part of some of the healthiest diets in the world lends credence to the idea that they are not only harmless but essential for achieving optimal health.
All three kids are actually in bed by 8 p.m. So instead of just flopping into bed, exhausted, I decide to take a bath. About 10 solid seconds of sheer bliss transpire before I hear the hinge squeak. It briefly crosses my mind that it could be a serial killer. But I'm too relaxed to give a crap.
Our success depends on many external factors, but inner peace depends only on ourselves! The question is never \Am I worthy enough or good enough\ because the answer is always yes. The question is
Some of us are suckers for studies

We keep turning one thing into another and calling it progress. We keep machining the beauty off of things as they are, using tools to create more tools, as if that will let us live longer.
So go forth. Make your priority completion. Do whatever it takes just to finish. Put yourself out there and adjust what you've done once you get some feedback. When you see the progress you've made, you'll be happy that you did.

As I read about Mrs. Nidetch's passing and reflected on my own journey, I do admire her for her legacy and message that isn't limited to losing 10 or even 50 pounds. Jean Nidetch was a motivator who retooled a personal challenge to build an empire.
Just like I had learned the importance of endurance, I found the art of compensation to be quite valuable, too. Compensating, to the average person, means to counter-balance something. To a person with a connective tissue disorder, it means constantly shifting your weight or changing your stance in order to prevent or manage a dislocated joint.
Do these butt-busting moves for 15 minutes every morning and 15 minutes before bed, and Winhoffer says you'll see results in just one week.

Quite often, when we make a three item start, we realize that it's not that difficult to keep going and we decide to do a few more and maybe a few more after that. Sometimes we feel so much in the 'groove' that we decide to do the whole darn lot in one go.

It would also be helpful if, in our culture, we were taught from an early age that pain is part of the experience of being alive. Modeled for us instead are ways to hide pain, run, pretend, compartmentalize, distract...


When I come to the end of my journey, I want to see the beauty that filled every brave breath and made up my life. I want to hold each one of those unforgettable moments in my memory, gripping onto them as tightly as possible, but most of all I want to know for certain that I truly lived.
And while you may find comfort in the moment, the spiraling effect of this negativity and self-pity will result in a lens through which you start to view everything around you. Now imagine an alternative mindset and action plan that you commit to embracing that propels you forward and positions you as an example for others to follow.
How can we restore movement, keep the energy flowing, so there is balance and communication? Here are some things you can do to improve your body mechanics and open up the flow of energy between the heart and the head.
Despite all social stigmas to the contrary or people accusing me of being \crazy,\ I'm not ashamed to admit that I have depression. Just like I'm not ashamed to admit that I have asthma.


Consumption is an addiction itself. Consumption is a way in which you mute the pain. I know people who have plenty of resources by which they are able to subvert the pain or divert the pain

Everybody likes water. But contrary to what the beverage industry might want you to think, you don't necessarily need a bottle of water in your hand at all times.
From age 5, students learn about what they should eat, how much they should exercise, the kinds of diseases/problems that can occur and how they can become stronger. We can easily do the same with mental health.
Over the years, I've realized that it's not so much a healthcare crisis we have, but a self-love crisis. Our health depends on so much more than exercise programs and vegetables. No cookie, diet soda, sandwich, or chip can provide the same nourishment that you'd gain from truly loving yourself. Nope, not even a kale smoothie can fill you up as much as truly loving yourself can.
Questions like these underscore the breadth and complexity of the challenge before us. To win the fight against health disparities, we must catalyze action in every sector and at every level.
The next time you sit down to eat, ask yourself the question of why you are eating, and then, pay attention to the answer. If you're hungry and need to refuel, eat something. If you're bored and need entertainment, watch a movie.
Happy people avoid dwelling on their problems, perform more acts of kindness, and are able to lose themselves in whatever they enjoy doing. Those are all good reasons to choose a happier, better life. Here are five ways to make every day a happy day.




Yesterday, I started thinking about all the things I needed to do before the night was over. I felt the stress in my stomach first. Immediately, my inner voice said, \Check out that sympathetic system. Off it goes! Feel the tension. Be with it.\ I felt like Dr. Phil.
As I assessed my friend's claim, I noticed three things about the way our society functions that I suspected might contribute to the perplexing way my friend thinks about wheat.
From reducing back pain to protecting against depression, heart disease, Type 2 diabetes, several cancers and more, regular exercise is a critical component of healthy living. It's time we found ways to bring exercise into doctors' exam rooms and medical schools across the country.
Have you ever seen one of those movies in which someone wakes up as a ghost but they don't know that they've died? I couldn't make a sign or a sound to let anyone know I'd become aware again. I was invisible -- the ghost boy.


If there is one person currently spearheading the movement towards conscious loving relationships it is Esther Perel.




Next time you feel frazzled, skip the high-sugar impact drink and opt for something that reduces stress but also benefits your health.


You might become a marathoner someday, or you might join the legions of enthusiastic, mud-covered, obstacle course racers. But that's not why you're reading this blog. Right now, let's just focus on getting out the door and into the fresh air.
Evidently, exercising keeps our brain in shape just as much as it does our bodies. The great news is that it doesn't take much to reap the benefits -- moderate exercise, brisk walks, even just 30 minutes a day -- can power up our brain to renew itself and keep us sharp as a tack.




Achieving goals with ease is an art that many people are yet to master. If you are one of these people, you could be making one of these crucial mistakes. Take note.

I by no means am saying throw your phone out, or never look at it again, but I am saying that you would be surprised at how much beauty, joy, and life you miss everyday while looking down.




There are lots of psychological benefits to gratitude

So how do you stay positive when you work in a \less-than-positive\ environment? No matter how relaxing your weekend, nothing challenges your Zen-like being more than a serious case of the Mondays. Here are 10 tips to help start your workday right and keep that positive energy flowing throughout your day.

In the big picture, this was really nothing. We have dealt with much more sickness and procedures and surgeries and longer bouts of misery than this. But by the last hour of this struggle, my daughter's moaning and crying got the best of me and I lost it.
Although Dr. Oz and I may not agree on all issues, I always expect a fair hearing, with a consideration of the evidence supporting my view. His flexibility to consider options other than drugs should be respected.
We never know exactly how many people are listening to what we say, watching what we do, or reading what we post... but we'd be crazy to think that it's anything less than a whole lot.




The only way I could soothe myself was to run. The distance I ran that day would not have gotten me to the finish line of a 5k. Two sluggish, 12.5-minute miles were the best I could do. But I was outside. In my city.




In retrospect I see that I was a leader who had lost touch with what I most cared about. I was no longer in touch with the meaning my work had always provided me.





Wake-up calls -- you don't ask for them, yet they come.  Often you're the last one to realize that the way you're going is just not sustainable -- that there is much more to life than frenetically chasing money and power.




With so many choices regarding how we spend our time being of service to others... why would anyone choose to work with people who are grieving?  I set about posing that question to both professionals and volunteers.
Ideas are like rose bushes
Looking for a new summer workout? This plan, created by trainer Rose Wetzel, a professional Spartan obstacle course racing (OCR) athlete will prepare you for common obstacles. But even if you aren't planning to sign up for a race, these six moves will tone your body -- and put a smile on your face.


It's interesting, really, that after removing the emotion out of the equation, and tackling my weight loss more pragmatically -- in a more businesslike manner -- I'm finally seeing results.  I'm training myself to be motivated by my own pats on the back, instead of needing them from others.
Tedy is former New England Patriots star Tedy Bruschi, whose NFL career was interrupted by a stroke in 2005. He was 31 and a few weeks removed from being crowned a Super Bowl champion.




It's considered a badge of honor to dedicate hours upon hours at work only to have no energy left to dedicate your time to what's really important. Thankfully, this is beginning to change.
To find the best places to get in shape we collected data on over 360 of the largest metropolitan areas in the country. Specifically, we looked at three separate categories of data that affect fitness.
Inspiration can come from anywhere and anyone. Mine often comes from books and movies -- books and movies that combine life stories with a spiritual journey.




In the Toy Story films, the primary personal relationship on display is friendship. And yet, although the films are not romances, there are more realistic representations of romantic love threaded through the three movies than you'll find in a multiplex full of romantic comedies.

Freeing yourself from the material things and the need to keep up the appearance of wealth is as liberating a feeling as I've ever felt before and has helped me feel like the richest woman in the world. I hope you'll soon be able to get rich too!
To scapegoat and stigmatize people with psychological problems may discourage them from seeking treatment and result in a backlash including the occurrence of an increased incidence of violent episodes.
What are you? You are the deeper essence beneath all of these transient parts of you. You are your soul -- your inner spirit.

very entrepreneur has been there -- burnout. It's your body's reaction to being overworked and deprived of mental stimulation. Lucky for you, I've compiled the top eight ways to avoid burnout and keep your productivity levels high.
Have you ever felt a race slipping away from you after a strong start? Have you been passed, or run out of gas, just a mile or two from the finish line? Every runner can benefit from increased endurance. Tempo runs are just the thing to help you become better at running faster for longer periods of time.

I escaped the cage and found freedom from the wood pellets and stale feeder food. Maybe certain people tried to look for me; maybe they didn't. I didn't care. I was a hamster with a plan. I came to a fork, took the road less traveled and began running like my life depended on it (and hey, maybe it did).

Sharon mentioned the importance of grounding ourselves in situations when we're feeling off balance (especially important for those of us who are highly sensitive). And then she said something that I didn't quite understand at the time, but it felt significant, so I wrote it down...

Beauty exists in the middle of tragedy. A child gets cancer. A friend commits suicide. A parent is plagued by anxiety and depression. Sooner or later, such messes find us. If we wade into them with an exploring mindset, our discoveries can be startling in their beauty and alter our perspective on life.
With the many followers and the attention that her website has garnered, Emily realizes the impact that college eating has during one's college years and beyond and has already had a very positive impact on public health.
Above all, avoid cigarettes, and you will live longer, prosper better, and also have more parties. Leonard Nimoy and Lesley Gore, we will miss you both.
Not only have we become disconnected from each other, our over-connected and technologically driven culture has led us being disconnected from nature!


Yoga teacher Leslie Howard recommends this seen-pose sequence for a strong, balanced backside.

I started to get message after message from guys wanting to know about my tagline. I have always been open and honest about my sobriety, so I was happy to answer them. The most common question I would get was
This is a way of life that does not try to separate life and work into two distinct and seemingly incompatible spheres, but instead meshes both into a new way of thinking about a life journey in the 21st century.
Whether we are looking for greater harmony in our family relationships, more meaningful friendships, greater purpose and satisfaction at work, or more engagement in our community, the end goal is usually the same -- happiness.

Are glad you are not quite as overweight as the person next to you in the Starbucks line? Do you wish you were as skinny as the model on the latest issue of your favorite fashion magazine? If it is, it's time to stop, take a break, and focus on what's really going on with your own body.
The recent \Egg Crack Challenge\ has gone viral to raise money and awareness for juvenile diabetes research. Another way to help prevent and reduce diabetes symptoms is to practice yoga and meditation.
So
In the most general sense, spring cleaning is a great time to get organized and donate some old clothes to a good charity, but there might be some other areas of your life that could use a little dusting. Here's a great list of things to help you on your way. After all, the trash won't take itself out.

If you've ever ignored good advice and later regretted it, this could be what's keeping you from accepting and taking action when great ideas come your way.
Like most skills, lucid dreaming takes practice, and acquiring self-knowledge is not the only reward. Living out our private fantasies is another perk.
The truth is that weight loss is a journey that looks a lot like a bumpy ride, and that every woman who successfully loses weight and keeps it off has to overcome challenges that are not often talked about. Let's take a closer look at six of them.
Legislative frameworks and monitoring are essential building blocks for safer food.  But we all have a responsibility.   We, as consumers, also need to do our part. WHO has defined 'Five keys to safer food' which we should remember and act on:

So if you're looking to share a smile and give your mind, body and soul some TLC, why not start by following some health-living gurus? Pick up some good habits by following motivational Instagrammers and staying in tune to their lifestyle advice.

Arming yourself with the knowledge and skills to perform CPR could be the difference between life and death of someone you know and love.
When we sit to meditate and close our eyes we see that the mind is so much bigger than this body. True self-esteem is found in that expansive space, a gentle, quiet confidence that is ever-present.
When we seek approval from outside our selves, it is a never-ending search. Not only are we at the mercy of other people's ever-changing opinions but circumstances are always changing as well. We might make one friend happy but another is disappointed in us. Or we might please our partner one day but not the next.



For many of us who may struggle on a daily basis with anxiety, depression, addiction and self-worth, all we want to do is just get to first base. Sometimes, that's as far as we can go on any given day, month, or year. Hitting a home run isn't really something we are able to do just yet. But be patient with us. Give us the gift of time, and a maybe a little more than three strikes.
Take a minute to be \mindful\ of you bad pressure habits --- the ones that prevent you from doing your best and prevent you from advancing yourself. Think about how you typically think and feel before and during your pressure moments. I would suggest writing down your responses and reflecting upon your reasons for why you respond as you habitually do.
Creating something useful and compelling is like being a gold miner. You have to sift through pounds of dirt and rock and silt just to find a speck of gold in the middle of it all. Bits and pieces of genius will find their way to you, if you give yourself permission to let the muse flow.
People often ask which yoga style is the best for reducing stress and improving quality of life.  The answer is the one they will do every day and make a part of their life.  Yoga techniques are many and varied.  The key is to find a yoga practice that works for you and to practice it daily.
Setting success as a life goal means that the quality of how your daily life is lived is not the point. It means that the point of each day is in how the activities of the day have advanced you towards the goal.
When you are in self-love there is a respect for the person you are. There is acceptance and the present moment is where the ultimate source of fulfillment and joy lives. So here are the A to Zs of self-love to start embracing today.
After eating gluten-free for a few months, I realized that my body simply performed better without so many grain-centered carbohydrates.  It wasn't particularly about the gluten in them.

Sitting is unavoidable. You can't pace up and down the aisle of an airplane during your flight, or in a theatre during the movie. In most culture's it's impolite to jog in place while eating a burrito. The solution is not simply sitting less; it's sitting better.
The Germanwings tragedy can further stigmatize those with mental illness and make people with suicidal thoughts frightened that they'll be linked to a horrific crime. Yet this is also an opportunity to educate the world about the warning signs of suicide.
Find your message and lose your fears. Never forget, everything is momentary; you only own the moment you're in. You write the next chapter with your thoughts, your feelings and your faith that nothing can rewrite your life but you!
The subsequent years can bring childbirth, raising children, and your kids departing for college, leaving you feeling lonely. Some adults find they are single again later in life. Life is full of changes. We need to learn the coping skills so food does not become your companion during sad, stressful, or happy times, and alcohol does not become your self-confidence.
While productivity experts know clearly the importance of paying attention to transitions, busy high-performers can be terrible about this. In fact, it's a trouble spot that's usually ignored and it's a major cause of getting caught in vicious cycles with overwhelm, overload, and overeating.
To get to a certain level of \me-time,\ I have to do several things, all of which help me depending on the circumstance. A lot of these tips involve organizational skills, time management hacks, and doing things in advance to prevent negative things from happening later on. (When did Noah build the ark? Before the rain.)

I had to laugh because my son was reminding me of everything I had taught him so he'd overcome his own fears. Although my knuckles were white and there was nothing I wanted to do less, I finally whispered reluctantly, \Okay.\
Time again the simple lessons of life are whispered in my ear through everyday situations or noisily clunked into my brain such was the case with the load of darks that I unevenly distributed when I hastily tossed them into the washing machine.
In that silence it doesn't sound like she is apologizing for her insensitivity -- it sounds like she is sorry that I stutter. Sorry that I have a name that has never escaped my mouth unscathed. Sorry that I am who I am.


While I feel a bit self-conscious claiming to have my act together enough to give advice to others, I have come up with a list of guiding principles. Some clich\u00e9, but I think all true.
There are so many people who are quick to tell us their opinion and we allow ourselves to deviate, to change our minds, to make our dream smaller. Today, ask yourself, what do I want to do, and challenge yourself to do it.

Unless you belong to the lucky few, a sports fan's journey ends the same way each season

Pay attention to your thoughts and notice if they're overly negative or out of proportion.  Invite yourself back to place of non-judgment and compassionate awareness of yourself and others.



Spring brings with it a sense of renewal, and I've found it's the perfect time to reinvent your self.  Shake off those winter cobwebs and take steps to reassess and renew your life! Here are 10 tactics I use to freshen my perspective and stimulate positive change.

In order to help preserve your balance and stability for when you age, consider training it at least three times a week. While many yoga classes have balance postures in them, sometimes doing these same postures stand alone, can have a positive impact on your balance too.
Addressing negative thoughts is the genuine catalyst to constructive improvements in mood, outlook and more. When you understand where the skepticism is coming from, you become more empowered.
Practicing mindfulness in the context of a relationship can enhance the depth and quality of connection and neutralize negative reactive patterns that diminish trust and intimacy by enabling partners to attend more consciously to each other's concerns and needs.
The long-term effects of my injury remain to be seen, but for now, my rod reminds me that it's a privilege and a gift to be able to move freely.
You should strive to be different, because you are. But have you taken the time to figure it out, to tap into what you are really about, to find the hidden treasure inside of you, the gift that makes you different and can in effect change the world around you by making it better for other people.
Among the more important medical studies reported in recent weeks, even resulting in that rarefied \front page, above the crease\ coverage by the New York Times, was a paper in JAMA indicating that the interpretation of breast biopsies is not the infallible gold standard we had hoped.
Without my cellphones (Yes, I have two!) I felt a little lost and disconnected from the things that mattered. But eventually I connected with the things that really mattered. I highly recommend a digital detox. Here's what I realized during mine:
Goldberg draws upon her past as a child struggling for order to help all people, from teenagers to people who are retired adults for instance, set goals, create action plans, and address life frustrations including family, career, social and academic frustrations.


Personally, I'm aware that if I don't get enough sleep, I don't function half as well as when I've slept properly, and that I tend to be moody and irritable. However, when my \sleep tank\ is full, I'm happy, creative and a bundle of positive energy!
Perhaps recent evidence that people are beginning to feel the pain of animals is a sign that increased compassion for other humans in need may not be far behind.
To make room for loss, do what you can to open your heart and breathe the breath of life. The more you fill your heart with love and appreciation, the more space you make for healing and growth. Here are eight ideas:
For a 10-minute practice, do 4 rounds of the following sequence (a round is the sequence practiced on both the right and left sides). In round 1, hold each pose for 30 seconds, or 5-6 breaths. In rounds 2 and 3, hold each pose for 10-12 seconds, or 2 breaths. And in round 4, hold each pose for 5-6 seconds, or 1 breath.
Mindfulness can improve your relationships in many ways by changing how you connect and interact with others. Here are three reasons that mindfulness matters in a relationship...
People walk around like they don't have power in their body. Granted, there are instances you don't -- hereditary illnesses, accidents, circumstances (and in these cases it's crucial that you act in accordance with your needs!) but for a large part, when it comes to your personal health, there are instances you DO have power.



A good indicator of where your permission levels are in relation to self-nurturing and well-being is the degree of anxiety or guilt you experience when you are not being productive, or just spending a day in bed or other forms of indulgence.




Many issues underlie our our-caffeinated, constantly tired modern-day energy crisis. I've found addressing these five things can make the difference between crashing and steady, sustained energy.
It is your standards of happiness, love, values, personal development and responsibility that set your course in life. Have the courage to think as big as you can, expect nothing less than the best, and most importantly, be kind. Here are seven ways to exponentially elevate your quality of life.

I don't know if that is the case or not, and it's possible that Lubitz's intentions will never be known, but it is irresponsible to link the crash to his mental health.

\Stress\ seems to be an epidemic right now -- emails to answer, activities to attend, houses to clean, groceries to buy, jobs to do... the pressure seems never-ending. But here's what you need to know.
I want to propose two paths for protecting the public as well as protecting people with serious mental illnesses. They call for real time performance information on those entrusted with our safety.
If you're having trouble meeting that goal of 10,000 steps, it might be time to see where you can fit those extra steps in your day. We've come up with 10 tips to get you moving.
People look for the quick fix, to produce the weight loss for them. There isn't one. There is no timeline on a successful weight loss. Consider weight loss the byproduct of a lifestyle that includes eating food that nourishes you, and being active.


Minimalism isn't about having nothing, instead it is about choosing to focus on what is important to you and cultivating that. It is about making conscious choices that match your intentions rather than just absorbing and collecting for the sake of it. So here are my 10 steps to use the principles of minimalism to rid yourself of overwhelm.
In the volatile world we live in, where change is the only constant, learning to embrace and manage change to our own advantage can make all the difference between being stuck with a life you do not want or live a happier, more fulfilling life, the one you always dreamed about.
Being able to talk about my issues and feeling like I had a support system were the keys to me getting completely mentally healthy again. I'm hope by telling my story I can reach someone who might feel like they're crazy, too, realize they're not, and get the help they need.
When you open a running journal it should remind you of what you love about the sport. Your journal should have amusing doodles in the margins and dog-eared pages that recount your greatest efforts or darkest days of injury.


What I appreciate about Angelina Jolie Pitt's candidness about her decisions is that she opens up the conversation and brings women's health issues top of mind. Everyone seems to zero in on breast cancer and not nearly enough people focus on the cancers that can brew \down there.\

I watched my mom suffer with medical issues resulting from diabetes, and I am determined to turn the tide. She died too young at age 81, and I want to be around when my son and his wife have kids (hopefully in a few years). I want to enjoy them and have a connection with them.
When looking at the most commonly reported issues -- headaches, back and neck pain, and arthritis -- it's easy to identify some mutual causes. In many situations, these types of pain are directly related to one or more of the following when looking at office or cubicle workers.
It's important to reconsider the romanticized notion that being your own boss is the key to happiness in life. Although there are many benefits to being an entrepreneur, for some, the psychological toll isn't worth it.
Yoga is about drawing your focus inward, but that doesn't mean a stunning landscape can't enhance your practice.



While break-ups are one of the hardest times in our lives, they're also a time to realize who you really are, so keep your head up, buttercup.



What happens when you need a good pep talk and none of your trusted advisors are around for a dose of \you're better off\ medicine? Here are three tips on how to give yourself the best pep talk you could ever get.


The most frustrating part is being so caught up in the doing, creating and performing that you lose sight of what you're trying to achieve and, funnily enough, you end up getting nowhere.




What gift has been laid at your feet today? Perhaps now would be a great time to stop, look down, and appreciate it, because as with my roses, it may not be there forever. Appreciate the gifts that life brings you in every moment. You deserve them.

Whatever stage of recovery you might be at, know that freedom from the eating disorder is possible. Freedom can be your reality. No matter where you have been or what you have suffered through, hold on. It gets better. There is a future with you in it that is bright and shining.
If you've got big dreams, it means that the universe has big plans for you. You don't need to force yourself to fit into someone else's mould of success -- whether traditional or untraditional. As long as you keep taking steps forward, you will get there. It's your journey. Do it your way.

I have hugely unshakeable faith in you and your dreams. That's not the problem. Whatever your dream is, it's not unrealistic. Whatever your vision is, it's not crazy. Whatever your hopes and goals are, they're absolutely possible for you. I know that.

When we are grateful that we are better off then someone else, we are setting ourselves up for future misery should their problem become ours.
I found that when life didn't go quite right and I just couldn't fix things that if I leaned into gratitude I could find something beautiful even in the mess, the pain and the awkwardness.

This is not tired because you've had a long day. It's fatigue like you have the flu or like you are on chemotherapy. Some patients describe this as feeling like they have lead in their body or that they have no energy, like a dead battery.
One of my nutrition \rules\ I live by is to always have a serving of fruit or veggies as their snacks. My gym bag always has an apple, banana or clementines in it as I find those fruits travel well and are easy to eat when I'm time-pressed and on-the-go.
It's important to take a holistic and comprehensive approach in order to find the best treatment and lifestyle options. This includes finding a practitioner who will address the mental, emotional, and spiritual components of your health.
The truth is, you already have all the answers you will ever need. You simply need to (re)learn to listen to them. The hustle only really works when it's matched with the ease of your inner voice.
Here's a challenge

By creating opportunities for the person with memory loss to be independent, you will be providing your loved one with the best possible dining experience -- something you can both be happy about. Bon App\u00e9tit!

The structure and chemistry of cancer are not to be taken lightly. Angelina Jolie's story of courage brings to light the perplexing journey that is common to many women around the world as we all fight to stay healthy for our loved ones and make a difference.
What I want to underline here is the fact that once we stop looking at the world in terms of men vs. women competing for power, great things happen. In fact, the intelligence of a culture resides precisely in its ability to share leadership. So here are six things I learned from women, which not only enriched my life, but they actually help me thrive.

Our interactions with family and friends are often social media-dependent. If grandma and mom aren't privy to a party or event, oh well. We'll tell them about it a week later. Our Instagram and Facebook friends see pictures of an event before family even knows there was one in the first place.

I cherish more deeply my longevity in yoga and meditation and honor my body with greater awareness of my limitations. I no longer hold on to the perfect. I am simply grateful that I have so much mobility at 70. Like life, a yoga practice is constantly and perfectly in transition.
Here are seven things you should look for when choosing a spiritual teacher. Check out these quick tips to make sure you're properly supported.




Just because you're struggling with self-discipline doesn't mean you have to raise the white flag and declare your self-improvement efforts a complete failure. Instead, work to increase the chances that you'll stick to your healthier habits -- even when you don't feel like it.




Gratitude has always been one of the most powerful emotions for me. And it's no coincidence that \grace\ and \gratitude\ have the same Latin root, \gratus.\ Whenever we find ourselves in a stop-the-world-I-want-to-get-off mindset, we can remember that there is another way and open ourselves to grace. And it often starts with taking a moment to be grateful for this day, for being alive -- for anything. That's why I'm delighted to announce HuffPost Gratitude, a new section in partnership with American Greetings, featuring stories that illuminate gratitude's transformative power to bring a much-needed dose of perspective to our lives. We hope HuffPost Gratitude will be a place to share not only personal stories but tools and tips that can help each of us tap into our own gratitude in ways that can make our lives, and the lives of others, more meaningful and more fulfilling. That's why we're kicking off the new section with a series around the theme \What I'm Most Thankful For.\
Your inner baby monitor will stay turned on when your deepest intent is to be a loving mother and father with yourself. Retraining yourself to remember to be mindful and in the intent to learn is the challenge.
The magic of intimacy is that it can be of the soul. To be intimate simply means to be empathetically in tune with your partner, feeling their fears, desires, wishes, and needs as if they were your own.

Age seemed different for our parents. They appeared older, sooner, settling into the middle of their story without worrying about what it looked like on Facebook. At least from the perspective of a 12-year-old, whose biggest concern at the time was the fate of Marty McFly.

I used to be one of those stressed out people until I incorporated five simple habit shifts and my life changed for good.
Living a balanced life is difficult for most people, but it is not impossible. Living a balanced life with a mental illness presents challenges that the \normal\ (notice I used quotations) people of this world would not understand in a practical sense.
I once read somewhere that if you're looking for the perfect man to fulfill your dreams, become the woman you would marry if you were a man. I thought this message was right on target and so clear that it got me to start working on my self-image and take my mind off what I expected from a man.

I was trying to read a book of poets from all over the world but the day and the light led me to feel their lives. This is the poem that arrived.
Life is about connection, expansion, joy, abundance, and love. It's about fulfilling our calling and becoming more of our true selves and I assure you, you were meant for more than the lackluster life you have been living. It's time to shake things up starting now.
Refueling after exercise is essential to seeing results. Whip up one of these perfectly portioned ideas this weekend no matter how much time you have -- even if it's none at all.
There's lots of questionable and flat-out false fitness advice floating all around -- in the gym, online, on TV, and in magazines. We asked a few trainers to share the worst advice they've ever heard. Straight from the gym floor, here's what they reported.


There's a big difference between giving an explanation, and making an excuse. Excuses harbor guilt and shame; they rationalize bad behaviors, and set the table for a mediocre life. Here are 12 steps to permanently remove excuses from your life...


Maybe if we balance our stress with the beauty around us, it will spill out in our interactions, grant grace to ourselves and to others, and make the world a better place. Maybe. Let's try. See beauty. Let it fill you. Live it. Now.

Don't put your life on hold while you wait for the elusive when-then. What are you waiting for? Your life is this present moment and the time is now!
When life gets difficult, it's easy to find all the reasons, outside your control, that made it that way. You're doing the best you can, right? When things get hard, it's not your fault. Is it?

When we are honest with ourselves, we find the direction that we are searching for in life.  By accepting who we are, we gain the confidence to take the first step in that direction.  And by embracing who we are, we build more authentic relationships and drive deeper impact.
Traditions die slowly if at all. The executive physical offered by hospitals and larger medical practices incorporating an exercise test, alone or coupled with echo or nuclear heart imaging, has a long history of use.
I have to let go of all of those thoughts and doubts and limitations I put on myself personally, professionally, emotionally and physically. I have to trust that I am new. I have to know that I did the work. I have to believe in myself and my new wings as much as those that see me when I soar and glisten do.

Rather than subscribing to the antiquated calories in/calories out model for weight loss and good health, focus on powerful, gene-altering, whole, real, fresh food that you cook yourself can rapidly change your biology.
as a physician-scientist who has been involved in basic gene therapy research and the development of clinical trials since the 1980s, it is exciting to witness gene therapy making a comeback.
\Athletes can help to build awareness. Not just representing a retail manufacturer or fast food organization that pays them a lot of money to help them sell their products.\
If you ever meet a woman dealing with metastatic breast cancer, you will know what real courage is.
Telehealth gets us more engaged in our own health care and that includes our emotional and spiritual care.  Through social media spiritual telehealth engages patients and families on the importance of such care in their wellness.
Your purpose in life is bigger than any single goal -- it's your reason for being on the planet. You may have more than one purpose, and your purpose may evolve over time, but it's basically your reason for existence. So it's worth discovering.

There are new opportunities for women to take an active role in advancing the science of sleep and ultimately improving their health and well-being.

A healer is such because they've suffered. They've tasted the agony of loneliness. They've made countless mistakes, each of those experiences leaving its remnant on their heart. What sets the healer apart is that they don't allow those difficulties to stunt their growth, but rather, uses them to evolve their empathy, compassion, and acceptance.
My experience of losing my 5-week-old son to SIDS has taught me a few things about how to help other people who are dealing with loss of any kind. I've come up with a list of the best ways to really help someone in the emotionally taxing situation of losing a loved one, in hopes of helping you navigate those complicated waters.
You're ready to find out what you are here for, other than being able to explain every plot twist of your favorite show beside the company water-cooler. What next? Here are 20 ways to find your life purpose:

I used food to show me where the voids are, and started to fill them in with experiences, beliefs and activities that actually gave me what I needed.
What I later found out was that people's \bottoms\ are all over the board. Some high. Some low. Some short. Some long. Some hit what they think is their bottom and find trap door after trap door of even lower bottoms. I guess I never gave the term \rock bottom\ any thought until I hit it and even then, all I knew was my own rock bottom.
Without asking for what you want you have no list -- apart from a mental list of regrets.  Pay attention to anyone you really admire -- they will have had plenty of failures behind them.  But they still did something.  They took risks.  They identified what they wanted and asked for it.
Most of us are never educated about feelings. Instead, we're expected to learn socially acceptable ways to deal with feelings by watching the people around us. But the truth is, many people don't role model healthy ways to deal with feelings. Here are some of the most common misconceptions about emotions...
Take your vacation days. Take your weekends off. Let yourself be bored. Walk somewhere without talking to anyone. Go fishing. Play golf alone. Pay attention to everything and nothing.
Giving yourself up to avoid being called selfish is not self-responsible - it is manipulative and dishonest. When you give yourself up to avoid criticism, you are trying to control how another feels about you.
You probably heard last week's news about Apple launching a watch, a cool way for iPhone users to access their device from their wrist. That news overshadowed something else the company launched the same day, something I think is even cooler because it could save and improve lives.
We all have extenuating circumstances when it comes to work, life and family. While these situations may not be changeable, our reaction to them is. Redirect your energy to innovate and help rather than wasting it on drama. Be a lover of reality and inner peace, success and happiness will follow.
Let's linger together here and now,/ you'll love me anyway,/ and I'll love you all the way,/ I hope you'll embrace me,/ the way that I am,/ I am the this moment,/ I am beyond your conditioning,/ I am the wild one.
Mental illness in the United States of America is an ever-increasing issue that affects millions of individuals in various ways and to varying degrees of severity. While it's true that mental illness can sometimes be treated with great success, including the near eradication of symptoms in certain patients, sometimes symptoms are so debilitating that the individual in question is unable to work or otherwise provide for themselves. For these individuals, symptoms may never fully disappear.
When this happens this is the time for the family to create a healthy boundary with their loved one letting them know that it is not acceptable behavior as this hampers the treatment team's ability to help them. Getting mad at the treatment provider is not the answer. Rather, setting and holding firm boundaries is the answer.
We think that our friendship is so strong that we can relax on the investment side. Wrong. Good friends must continually invest in their friendship. I want to be much better at that.
Healthy families make a beautiful home. When there is good health on the inside of the home, there is beauty on the outside.

Life is a journey, no journey is ever a journey backward, neither is a journey circular forever. Just as I tried and failed. You cannot force your spiritual growth and success. You can only succumb to what it is you need to learn in the moment.
In the end, it's unfair to presume people are as judgmental as we fear, and we should stop playing our own worst critic. The key for me with this is to proceed with a sincere heart -- believing in yourself no matter what the outcome, imagining the goals you set in front of you, and shaking off the peppering of hypothetical thoughts that do not serve you.
You can choose happiness and peace for yourself at any moment -- you are the only one who is in control of your mind and heart. There are many paths that lead to happiness, as there are many paths that lead to despair, but who puts your foot on either path to begin with? That's right it's you.
Mindfulness has also been shown effective in helping to improve sleep, including reducing symptoms of insomnia and other sleep disturbances, as well as reducing daytime tiredness and fatigue. Mindfulness, according to research, also can help alleviate one of the prime obstacles to sleep
The reason many us don't move forward is not because of roadblocks that stand in your way. Often it is the emotional barriers we create. Here are five mental hurdles you may have and how to scale them to make your leap:


In a perfect world, we would always have easy access to all the fitness equipment we need, but for most of us that's just not reality. Whether it's a long day at work that throws off your desire to get to the gym, a hectic travel schedule that drags you away from your fitness center or maybe you don't have a membership, it's good to know that there are other options than the dumbbells at your local Planet Fitness.

It may be that we're all more abrasive than we used to be. A 2014 poll by Weber Shandwick and Powell Tate in partnership with KRC Research found that most people think America has a raging civility problem.






Americans who snore frequently may find romantic nights interrupted and relationships at risk. The survey also revealed that 40 percent of women claim snoring in the opposite sex is a turn-off, and nearly one in 10 Americans went so far as to admit that snoring has hurt at least one of their romantic relationships.

Inspiration is a calling, a voice inside us trying to be heard. When something inspires us it is time to listen. When we allow our inspirations to be recognized they will lead us toward our passions.




I'm not saying we are wrong. In fact, we may all be right, about everything. But we are all right about disparate and seemingly-competing bits of the same, whole truth. The result is that nobody can see that whole truth.


I am learning not to allow the past events to fill me with fear, or the unknown of the future to fill me with trepidation, but to live for the beauty that is present in this very moment. Cystic fibrosis may be progressively present in my life, but it will not rule by fear. I will breathe bravely
What are some ways to stay on the good side of momentum in your own life? Below are a few truths I've relied on for building positive momentum -- or turning a case of negative momentum around.

Tragically, a cancer missed by mammography, typically found by palpation, most likely will result in advanced disease. Women need this critical breast health information as they discuss their personal screening with health care providers.
Drawing up the document itself is fairly simple; the more difficult part comes beforehand, including deciding what kind end-of-life care you do and don't want to receive, and who -- if anyone -- you want to empower to make decisions in your stead.


It turns out this conception of celiac disease is not accurate. CD is far more common than we used to believe, and the classical set of CD symptoms such as diarrhea and weight loss no longer reflects the profile of most newly-diagnosed patients, according to a new study from Italy.


I personally like change. It keeps me feeling challenged, interested and alive. But if your natural reaction to the idea of making a big shift ranges from mild nausea to all out terror, here are a few things you can do to drop the fear and embrace the change.
If you want to get better, then practice consistently and measure constantly. Use that feedback to figure out what is working and what isn't. Then, spend your time putting in more reps rather than searching for another hack. Experts spend more time focusing on what works.
It has been 13 months since my fall, and I am just NOW starting physical therapy for my injuries and occupational therapy for my cognitive issues. I feel like I am late to the party, that I should have been here months ago. Late is better than never, but I have never been one to be fashionably late.
Everyone has the ability to increase resilience to stress. It requires hard work and dedication, but over time, you can equip yourself to handle whatever life throws your way without adverse effects to your health.
A few weeks ago, whilst slowly waking up, I was reflecting on what a fantastic season of \Survivor\ it was when the underdog,  John Cochran, came back from a defeat in his first season to claim victory on his return.



Austin's new dream is being a role model, not just to Marfan patients, but to people facing any type of adversity. He believes it's his calling, one with a longer, stronger reach than he'd have as an NBA player.
I think it's wonderful that the growing discussion about introversion and extroversion helps expand our understanding of one another. And I will try to do better. We all will.
Some foods can sabotage your slumber, causing you to wake frequently throughout the night (or even making it difficult to fall asleep in the first place). However, other foods can actually increase the hormones in your brain that promote relaxation and high quality sleep. Read on for smart diet swaps -- and finally claim that full night of rest.
Don't focus on anyone else but you. Be grateful for where you are and the things you have achieved. Every day is a fresh start to go after your own dreams and improve from your yesterday.
We feel this intense urge to just \figure it out.\ But, when we look around, that passion is nowhere to be found and we aren't where we truly want to be. It frustrates us. It keeps us up at night.

This intricate arm balance relies on arm, core, and leg strength, balance, and spinal and hip flexibility. Miami Vinyasa and Vedanta teacher Rina Jakubowicz shows you how to warm up and take flight.
We all fear that we are not enough, and if that is the case, we won't be loved. But through an understanding of our experiences, we can come to the realization that these fears simply aren't true and that we have so much power within to create a life we want and deserve.
I know this sounds crazy, but when you give yourself permission to stop trying to be good by giving, you take back the authority of your life. You quit doing things for approval and begin listening to your heart.
Hold on to things dear to you and pay attention to the non-material matters which are most important in life. Think of clearing your mind of consumerism, of greed, of course acting on it and healthy thinking is part of leading a de-cluttered life.
This is what we do to ourselves. We get caught in the fear of what's around the corner and get frozen. But if we'd simply trust and take those first few steps, we would realize there is nothing to fear except the tricks our minds play on us!

When dietary worry was all directed at excess fat intake, pseudo-fruit and multicolored marshmallows were able to fly under the radar. A widening array of worries has cost them that cover.
I've had my fair share of sleepless nights. I find that a nightly routine is important, but while I'm no sleep expert, I have discovered a few things that are helpful for setting up for the perfect snooze.
Learning to trust myself has allowed me to be happy in my body in a way I never imagined possible. But it required that I stop judging my happiness by looking in the mirror and comparing my body to other women's bodies. It required that I look inside, listen to and trust my body, and find happiness by turning away from appearance and toward my heart.


Changing old habits is not easy but neither is living with self-defeating ones. With awareness, willingness and practice, you can learn how to speak kindly to yourself and treat yourself sweetly. And before you know it, you will have picked up a healthy new habit!

With time and practice the complete yogic breath will be your \go to\ when you need to make a shift not only in your breathing but your state of mind and emotions as well.
At the end of the day we should all be searching for the simplest ways to live a long, healthy, and energetic life.
It's a fact that decision fatigue can lead to analysis paralysis and overwhelm our daily lives. On the one hand, choices give us freedom and allow us to see the possibilities, especially for the important things in life. The downside is we are constantly bombarded with tiny decisions throughout the day.
So I began to meditate again. Quietly, without telling anyone in particular.  In the winter morning dark, I come downstairs.  I settle myself in the living room chair. And there, I breathe. In. Out.  Watching the breath, turning my focus inward. Two?  Three? Ten minutes?  Each day is different.  I try not to judge, to forgive myself on the mornings when it's hard to quiet my mind.
It is so easy to keep the blinders on and live the lifestyle of which most of us have been conditioned towards where materialism and consumption are paramount. Adapting to and seeking out change is more difficult yet far more rewarding.
When you have trust you have truth, and when you have truth you have love, and when you have love -- well, you have it all.

Besides learning that Fiats do not in fact come standard with a spare tire, my solo travels taught me quite a few other things. Here are some of the most memorable lessons I learned over the course of my travels:

Months after my father died, I found myself in New York City, wandering through the Museum of Modern Art, a place I love. On the third floor, in an exhibit featuring the work of Gauguin, I felt his presence strongly.

People who live extraordinary personal and professional lives do not live in the space of mediocrity. There are phrases that they will never even think to speak. Here are 12 of them we've all heard before... some of us may have even spoken them. See if anything sounds familiar.
For this workout, all you need is a ball. It's called a stability ball and it can work every muscle group in your body without the help of any weights.

Cut yourself some slack. Acknowledge how well you're actually doing. Don't get caught up in the \shoulds.\ Change your self-dialogue to something more supportive and loving.
Whether you're into the WFH lifestyle or not, more and more young professionals are looking to ditch the office in favor of their couch, smartphone and laptop.

As I continue to navigate this new phase of my journey, each morning I still awake with hope and the belief that it's a new day filled with great possibility. I am learning to embrace the simplicity that life is built upon while never forgetting how truly fragile it all is.
Keep expecting the best and visualize and write down what qualities you are looking for in your soul mate, but don't drive yourself bonkers, get out and do something constructive or fun, who knows you might bump into them!
Try practicing patience, diligence, acceptance, and authenticity to discover your own inherent value, cultivate what you have to offer to the world, and find success on and offline!
This may feel as if I've asked you to suck on a lemon, but find a way, anyway, that you can to feel better about your boss.  Go on... I challenge you, even though I know you're kicking and screaming with resistance, and you're about to delete this post.
Meditation is, in fact, resting in inner silence, and as that silence gradually percolates into the rest of your day, it becomes the state of unshakable happiness and peace that sometimes goes by names like nirvana or enlightenment.
For me, the benefits of ECT have greatly outweighed my initial fears. I never imagined the positive results I would have in response to this treatment.

A TBI changes you. Literally and figuratively. My personality is different. My energy levels and sleep patterns are foreign to me. The confused woman in the kitchen staring at the oven is someone I am just now starting to understand.


Learning and growth is at its peak when you are out of your comfort zone.  If you don't learn to fail, you'll fail to learn.  And learning is a precursor to success in any form.
Be simple in your intentions. It's a lot of fun to live a fast-paced, flamboyant life, but remember to slow things once in a while. Living simply reminds us of our true reasons and roots us in purpose.
Variety is the spice of life, as well as the proper seasoning for viewers who want their personal yoga routines to reflect their days. If a day is particularly hard, a tough yoga workout with tons of activity may be beneficial. If a day has been stressful, calming yoga poses may be a nicer fit.
Despite the important role sleep plays, a recent Gallup Poll reveals that 43 percent of Americans report their sleep needs are not being met. Fortunately, there are several ways to start sleeping more soundly.


Measles is a serious and highly contagious disease, but, fortunately, we can prevent it with immunizations. I understand that some parents are concerned about vaccines. The evidence about the MMR vaccine's safety and benefits is strong and consistent. Here are some answers to the most commonly asked questions I get...
Understanding that early life abuse harms both mental and physical health across one's lifespan is the first step to developing and implementing programs to reduce the extent of stress early in life that now exists.
Numerous factors contribute to belly fat, but over my decades practicing medicine I've found when patients focus on these seven strategies they normalize insulin, lose that stubborn belly fat, and finally gain abundant health.
Mental health disorders will likely never be \sexy,\ but our view of them can be more favorable, more open to conversation, understanding, empathy, and mutual respect. We must rebrand these challenges as the afflictions they are so that those who need help can readily access it.


Can you find the happy medium between what's \healthy\ and what's not? It's important to find your balance in the food realm. You need to allow yourself to eat the \bad\ things sometimes and have it be okay. That takes some practice, but giving yourself the permission is half the battle.
You have patterns and behaviors that have been strengthened over years. By linking your new habits to a cycle that is already built into your brain, you make it more likely that you'll stick to the new behavior.
Throughout February, in communities across the country, millions of supporters have been coming together, wearing red, and reinforcing the critical message that we can overcome heart disease and stroke.


While ignoring your bad habits may help you feel good initially, that avoidance will eventually catch up to you. When you don't address the unproductive and unhealthy things you're doing alongside your good habits, you'll stagnate.
The Peruvian diet has an extraordinary number of superfoods, enough to rival the widely touted Mediterranean diet.
Accept your daydreams and try not to constantly push them away. Sometimes, they can help you through an issue, or at least give you a break from the challenges that have you stumped.


We need to re-engage Americans and win back their trust in science, evidence based medicine, and our medical system so they don't fear life saving treatments like vaccines. Describing doctors making, \Three Parent Babies\ fosters skepticism about those dedicated to fighting to cure and prevent disease.
The power of epigenetic-based diagnostics and prognostics is exponentially growing with expanding medical research.

In recent years the options for treating acne scars have expanded with new and exciting technology that can treat even old scars with minimal downtime.

Many of the physical symptoms of grief mimic the flu -- body aches, headaches, nausea, exhaustion. You wouldn't feel guilty saying no if you had the flu, so don't feel guilty now.

I asked Dr. Feinberg to help explain the current state of cardiovascular treatment and heart-related biomedical engineering. In an upcoming piece, we'll break down the innovative projects that he has underway at CMU that get to the heart of our problems with heart treatment.
Let's face it. Getting rid of old books and knickknacks is much easier than tossing out a relationship, a weekly class, a house that is too big, or a job that doesn't suit your passions. So what do you do to declutter your life?
Eating disorders are very \behind closed doors\ afflictions. I can't tell you how many times a parent has told me, \I had no idea.\  And frequently that \aha\ moment comes at a startlingly late stage of the illness' progression.

The more sleep-deprived among us can take a cue from these super sleepers to get in on the vast benefits of sleeping well. Here's a peek at the smart, surprising habits of great sleepers, plus how the rest of us can copy their moves to a better night's rest.
Placing the blame on carbohydrates does nothing but add confusion to an environment already saturated with mixed nutrition messages, and distracts us from addressing the real cause of the obesity epidemic
It is clear that patients want to connect with their doctors. Doctors, however, seem more ambivalent about making such a connection. To some doctors, it is as if forming a connection will somehow undermine the traditional relationship which is best kept as formal, paternalistic, and standoffish.
In contrast to the recognitions and ceremonies of the month, however, we continue to face a troubling health statistic
As you progress through the journey of achieving your dreams, you will be able to clearly realize that the most difficult limitations and circumstances actually served as necessary tools that helped you become a better version of yourself.
I truly believe that if my professor hadn't reminded me that I knew everything and walked us through that activity, I wouldn't have done so well. Can you think of a time when you've visualized success and it's worked? Maybe before a race or a big event? Prior to a lecture or trip?
I believe that leaving the metaphor of war behind and finding more appropriate imagery will change health care for the better. After all, patients need doctors, not generals.

Like any rewarding action and practice, meditation does take discipline. But discipline should be an act of joy and loving devotion, not punishment. Remember that you are meditation to give your mind and heart the best chance to experience life fully, and enjoy the beauty of solitude!




I recently returned from my European tour through Amsterdam and Stockholm, and I wanted to share a few timeless secrets of meditation with you.
Stuttering is just as much an internal dilemma as it is an external one. Friends and family members and teachers don't know the embarrassment that happens when you know what you want to say but can't say it and someone else has to say it for you. They can't see your confidence deteriorating.

After her husband passed away, I was lucky enough to inherit my neighbor, Miss Trudy.

Memory is not security camera footage of every moment of your life. There's just no need to store 5,000 identical memories of you doing your typical morning routine.



FDA's decision to approve 23andMe's Bloom syndrome carrier test is a first step for the online offer of medical genetic testing, but the real regulatory breakthroughs have yet to come.
The lesson of Lent for people who don't officially observe Lent is to be willing to change, to be happy in spite of what we do not have, to become aware of our attachments, to be less of a slave to our mind and to learn patience and develop endurance.
It may sound strange coming from someone who has written dozens of blogs about happiness and taught a lot of seminars on the subject, to hear that happiness isn't necessarily all that it's cracked up to be. Or put another way, in terms of one's overall quality of life, spirit, and degree of personal fulfillment, some things play a much more significant role than feelings of happiness



Keeping our promises is key to experiencing life as we dream it can be. That's what empowers us to dream big, to grow into and occupy that dream, and then to outgrow that dream and dream even bigger dreams. And in the process, gain all of the approval we will ever need -- our own.

Like sleep, dreams are vulnerable to disruption from problems with mental and physical health. There are a number of conditions (as well as medications) that may affect dreams, and that can make dreams more difficult and disturbing.
You're the picture of perfect form, and you'd never be caught dead slacking off at the gym. Good. But even health nuts fall prey to these subtle (but serious) exercise mistakes.




And if you're feeling stressed? That's something you can change, right now, without needing your manager's \approval\ or anybody else's permission. Your mind. Your day. Your job. Your life.  You are in charge.
As severe as nocebo reactions are, there is a good side. They show how powerful the mind is and what a strong effect it has on our body.
It's no wonder 90 percent of typical heroin users became re-addicted once they return home -- they are surrounded by all of the things that caused them to get addicted in the first place.
Hopefully once more light is shed on the subject matter, concussion sufferers will no longer have to experience the shame and isolation that, despite the head injury, I remember so well.

Think about it -- but for our societal training in mealtimes and childhood training using food as both reward and punishment, why would you ever eat if you weren't hungry?
But if you are an artist, then you must share your work, your story, your point of view with the world and then let the world do with it what they will. Risky, yes. But like the man said, the risky is what makes it great.

With CPR so visible in everyday life, surely everyone must know how important it is to be trained in this lifesaving skill, right?
Everyone possible needs to be vaccinated. Prevention, a tough \defense,\ is truly our best \offense\ in the case of these terrible diseases, not the other way around, and we do have the tools to win. We just need the will.
Talking brave is about changing your mindset and believing that you can have, do, and be all the things you want to have, do, and be. Life is short and time keeps ticking by. Don't waste another minute limiting yourself with wimpy words and negative self-talk. Talk brave; start today!
The most essential factor for total decompression? Silence. Leave your phone in the other room. Tune out the noisiness of the world. Breathe.
People usually set goals because they want the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. This is awesome, and pots of gold are too. But the problem with only focusing on having that pot of gold is that you completely miss the rainbow you followed to get there.
Mind you, I'm as guilty as anyone of eating lunch at my computer. But I do have some rules that I've been able to stick to



On a daily basis, I have to combat the voices in my head that tell me \You are not working enough,\ \You are not successful enough,\ \You are not making enough,\ etc.....
We all have a dream. To do the very thing that we love to do that makes us feel fulfilled, vibrant, and more alive. The very thing that excites us every day and leaves us in a state of wonder over all of our opportunities for creation.
The good news is that most heart disease is preventable. Although there are risk factors that we cannot control like our family history, our age and gender, there are many factors that we can control.
This is often the most popular chakra to work with because of its association with love. But don't forget that every chakra has equal value and one chakra cannot operate optimally without the others in equal good balance. It is an integrated system.
I am remarkably not musically inclined, can't keep a beat, and have a wonderful case of stage fright. I pushed through it all, and threw myself into learning the songs as best I could. I have grown so much both as a person, and as a musician. I've discovered making music is very much like life.




For many clients, increasing water intake becomes a needle mover for fast, lasting fat loss. Granted, you also need to reduce your sugar impact and address food intolerances, but if you're doing everything else correctly, sufficient water intake might give you that weight loss nudge.
In Los Angeles there is a certain elasticity to the concept known elsewhere as \truth.\ Ever since the Gold Rush people show up late to most meetings, shrug their shoulders in ersatz disbelief, and say, \Traffic.\

Saying goodbye to my safety blankets hasn't been easy. In many ways, they have gotten me to where I am today. I have to be compassionate to them. I have to forgive and not beat myself up for past decisions or actions.
Forgiveness lets you love again. Once you forgive, your heart is full of love. You are stronger because you love yourself and love others, no matter the magnitude of their shortcomings or transgressions. You forgive because you love, and you love because you forgive.



Weight loss doesn't have to be a single, radical, excruciating ordeal. Positive long-term changes don't happen like that. Instead, think of it as reshaping the little moments of your life to make space for weight loss. The physical and mental strength and resilience you gain is well worth this subtle but powerful effort.




Eating healthy is certainly not about being perfect. Most people tend to get much better results when they start small and make incremental changes to their current diet.



But here's the thing, folks

Sex drive is a hot topic these days, and I can't help but notice blogs surface around Valentine's Day showing how certain foods, nutrients, and lifestyle factors can boost libido and keep you stimulated in bed. Many of these articles neglect the underlying hormones that control sex drive.
For me, health means much more than its physical definition. It is emotional and spiritual as well. As I have hit these bumps along the way it has become evident to me that my health is ever evolving and will only improve it I put the effort in. Health is progress, not perfection. It is doing a little more than I did yesterday and not beating myself up for taking steps back.
You are not necessarily stuck with your food environment.  Lobby your workplace, school, neighborhood, or friends to more closely examine the food that's being offered.
When that hammer comes down, your life changes. You are not the same person. You learn things about life, about people and about yourself that you didn't know before, whether you wanted to or not.
Following these tips will help regardless of your work setting, and wellness will become contagious because people want what others have. You will also find that a wellness attitude follows you home.


Throughout the years I struggled with food, battled my weight, and hated my body, books became my lifeline. I devoured anything related to helping me not feel like a crazy person around food. Books can be such a great tool to help you on your journey.

Relationships suffer from any kind of hidden communications. Countless couples become entrenched in patterns that steadily erode and undermine their mutual understanding, respect and prospects for sustaining intimacy. This research adds credence to the damage and suffering that results.
With the strength of unity, a signal of what we truly do know can rise above the din and discord.
As a science-based organization, we applaud any and all instances where sound data informs public policy. So let's examine what we do know about e-cigarettes.
Visualization requires you to want something, perceive it, and believe in it. Over time, once you are working in a direction towards your goal, the process and energy you put into visualization will begin to shift your life in a positive direction.

Whether it's an enjoyable excuse to go out, an anticipated opportunity to do something over the top or really, truly just another day, Valentine's Day should be what each of us makes of it and nothing more.
I am far from the first woman to rant and rave about this loaded term -- and not surprisingly, many have tried to come up with something entirely different to describe women who don't conform to the thin ideal. Here are some of the most pervasive and interesting ideas that have been kicked around and what I -- as a \plus-size\ woman -- think of them.
\Be My Valentine\ can mean asking for love in a relationship, for partnership in life's adventures. It means enjoy my successes, support me when life gets hard, and I will do the same for you. And it means talk to me -- about frivolous nothings, random anythings, and essential everythings.

I may not be a big fan of Johnny Manziel on the field, but I am cheering for everything he is going through right now off the field.

Despite our commitment to stand up once every 45 -- no, 20 -- minutes, we still end up getting so engrossed in our work (or whatever else happens to be on our screens) that our backside is practically numb before we remember to get off of it. To goose our good intentions, we tried three apps that promised to help us move more throughout the day. Here are our results.
Could I even do 108 Sun Salutations? Would it feel like running a marathon or a 3K? Would the shoulder-stressing downward-dogs become unbearable after, say, round 36? Or round five? And, most importantly, would it quiet my mind?



Frustrated by insurance regulations, increasing paperwork and limited time to see complicated patients, a group of primary care physicians are leading a movement. It's called direct primary care, and it could change your health.


If you are struggling with an addiction and considering giving it up, you will likely have to deal with some ambivalence. With help, willingness and positive changes, you can learn to feel your emotions fully until they pass, retrain your brain till it's filled with kinder thoughts, and fill some of the spaces that addiction attempts to temporarily fill. You can challenge the powerful voice of addiction until your ambivalence turns into clarity, conviction and compassion.
Save your mental energy for productive tasks, such as solving problems and setting goals. When your thoughts aren't productive, make a conscious effort to shift your mental energy to more helpful topics. The more you practice expending your mental energy wisely, the more it will become a habit.
Apologizing is no easy task. We may not know how to do it (or how to do it well). We may not think that we need to do it. Or, we may fear that the outcome of our apology -- the forgiveness that we seek, the closeness for which we yearn -- won't be realized.

Social media does have the power to make us miserable and stressed out -- or to help us feel love and connection, joy and gratitude, inspiration and curiosity.

Moving forward, try to accept foods for what they are -- food. If you like the way a food tastes, it makes you feel good, and you are in the mood for it, then that sounds like a great choice... no matter how much fat or calories it contains. If you don't enjoy the taste of a food, aren't in the mood for it, or it doesn't make you feel very good then it probably isn't a stellar choice for you no matter how many celebrities you've seen eating/drinking it.


Thanks to the research of Rottenberg and others, however, we are beginning to discover that many of our previous assumptions about depression are dead wrong. Here's what we're learning.

Between making a conscious effort to separate your work life from home, not working on your bed, and being mindful of your activities before bed, over time you'll train your body to be sleep ready.
I woke up this morning to at least 10 emails from well-intentioned friends and family telling me, in not so many words, \Probiotics cure peanut allergies.  Quick, run out now and buy them.\  Being a food allergy advocate, I had already read the study to which they were referring.

Most people try to power through and hammer their way past the barriers. The problem with this strategy is that you're still dealing with the other force. I find it to be much less stressful to cut out the opposing forces and let your productivity naturally flow forward.


Through the unification of all these qualities, we can live a meaningful life, motivated to be of benefit to ourselves, our families and the world at large.
While every bad diet is uniquely bad, good diets are a lot more similar than they might appear on the surface.


Exactly half of the songs voted into the top 10 appear in re-worked versions. As always, this is a blessing for folks in search of musical inspiration, since these uptempo updates take existing gym favorites and accentuate their beats and momentum.

Sounds pretty rough, huh? At times, yes. But it was on this journey that I learned a few unexpected lessons
Mayonnaise has got nothing on avocado.
Even as health officials cautiously declare a decline in the rate of Ebola infections, the epidemic has exacted a new assault against health care workers in the region.

Have you noticed lately how our culture all but worships likability? Often at the expense of higher values. If we're not careful, we can spend so much time making ourselves likable, we forget to ask if we like who we're becoming.
There are many social situations in which you might find it awkward to have dietary restrictions. But in my experience, feeling awkward has a lot to do with external pressures, or your perception of how you are viewed. And when it comes to being gluten-free, I'm only concerned with my health.
Unlike other people, I can't keep my depression in the closet. For one thing, I need the space for shoes. But more importantly, staying silent perpetuates the stigma that mental health isn't a topic for polite conversation. So might I propose we all stop being so polite?
Loss makes you ache in places you didn't even know existed. Familiar landscapes become unrecognizable.  No matter how hard you try, there is no way to fully prepare for the emotional wreckage it leaves behind. But that doesn't mean you shouldn't try, just a little.
What I learned from Josh the former Pararescueman is that the way to manage fear is to plan for what to do if and when something does go wrong.  People are fearful when they are uncertain about what they are facing and about what they can do.  Josh taught us how to figure out what had happened, and he taught us what was in our scope of practice to do.
Yes, I said it. Selfish. I thought of ways to sugarcoat that statement, but I ultimately decided against it.  You may hate me for saying that, and that's fair. But someone had to say it. Want to know why? Keep reading.

Despite the pain of needle pricks, we need to get shots -- and read claims about science carefully.  Even if we may not like it.  The dangers of doing otherwise could be deadly.



Fear. Worry. Self-doubt. They can keep us frozen in our tracks, unable to move forward no matter how much our heart is yearning for change in our lives.
In honor of Valentine's Day, I want to share some of what I've learned about love after 40 years of marriage. Take what makes sense to you. Leave the rest. I hope it helps in whatever ways you need.
Markus Zusak is proof that if you revise your work 200 times -- if you find 200 ways to reinvent yourself, to get better at your craft -- then luck seems to have a way of finding you.
If you are feeling stuck, don't go through it alone. If you feel invisible, don't go through it alone. If you are worrying, don't go through it alone.

Certainly, there are times when we need advice from someone who is vertical to us, who is a mountain in a particular field. For example, when seeking career, school, or professional advice. But everyone deserves to have someone who is not insurmountable to offer tolerance and support.
In honor of the heart's amazing ability to function independent of us telling it what to do, here are some interesting facts about this important muscle.
A legacy should be deeply considered. It takes on immortality, and it is how we live on after death. If we think of our legacy as a gift, it places an emphasis on the thoughtful, meaningful, and intentional aspects of legacy. The consequences of what we do now will outlive us.
I am discovering the deep connections between minimalism and spiritual fulfillment. I am discovering that minimalism and spirituality also does not mean abandonment of career success, financial solvency, and other worldly ambitions.
I am my harshest critic. I know I am not unique and I am not the only one this applies to. I challenge everyone to just pause and appreciate where you are today without any expectations. Be patient with yourself. You are right where you are supposed to be.
Try out this happiness challenge, gratitude journaling, or even develop your own approach that is more tailored to your style. Whatever you chose, watch how your overall disposition shifts. The evidence in support of adopting such a practice is certainly convincing!

Stop hiding behind typing on a screen and reach out more to the people you call your friends and lovers. Yes, it's a bit more intimate, vulnerable and unpredictable, but it's also a lot more real.
With the evidence weighing in so heavily, perhaps it's time to explore a new model of health and wellness. Innovative health experts are starting to back away from the default model of \thin is everything.\

For many people, the winter blahs might have already kicked in. Or maybe you're resisting feeling down and teetering on the possibility of giving in or pushing through the next few months as you anticipate spring.
Moving forward, federal regulatory agencies must act promptly to implement additional safeguards to prevent similar life-threatening mistakes from occurring.
The path to enlightenment is shifting out of the lies and into truth. Practicing these steps whenever you feel anything other than inner peace is a powerful way of getting there!

As an immunologist, come winter, I see a lot of children with viral infections, most often caused by respiratory viruses that affect the nose and throat -- and a lot of parents unhappy with the missed school days! But, there are key steps that parents can take to both prevent viral infections in the first place and, should your child come down with one, to aid in a much quicker recovery.
As challenging of a time that was for me, I came out a different person.  A better person.  It helped to wake me up, and it was then I realized when you choose happiness above all other things you start to understand life a little bit better.


Remember that YOU are the key to inspiration. If you don't balance the \inspiring\ achievements of others with some hard work to achieve your own personal goals, then that \positive\ feeling you get today could ultimately end up draining you of empathy.
Aging is a luxury. One you should embrace and enjoy. Beginning these anti-aging strategies at a young age will yield a greater benefit for you, but it is never too late to start.


And so it comes to this
Implying that absence of a citation in an academic journal means medical advice has no merit is a misleading premise and misses a truth that practicing physicians acknowledge -- at least half the time that we are faced with a clinical decision, strong scientific evidence is lacking.

\An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure,\ is as true today as it was when we heard our grandparents say it.
The great philosopher Abraham Heschel speaks of his fear that we will lose our sense of the Whole. I think this is inevitable, though just as inevitable that will find the Whole again. This poem explores this feeling.


Our country was founded on the principles of liberty and justice for all, but our failure to understand mental illness and provide assistance facilities for families and the ill has ripped away the liberty and justice deserved for nearly 60 million Americans.
Most likely, the food industry holds your kitchen hostage. No doubt your cupboards and pantry are filled with ultra-processed fare. Detoxifying your kitchen allows you to escape these shackles and transform your kitchen to a place of wellness.
Using your own body weight provides resistance. The exercises below are done in a lunge position to help engage the lower body along with the upper body.


To me, a good belief is one that promotes a healthy sense of self-esteem. With a healthy sense of self-esteem, you feel at peace with just being yourself. We should all have that, right? But what do you believe about yourself?
I've talked to so many clients who believe if only they could get more done and get it done more quickly they would be happier. Yet I see these same clients work and work until they are stressed out, exhausted, and unable to be very effective at anything they do.
While annual Pap test screenings in the past 30 years have reduced the cervical cancer rate by 50 percent, it isn't the only way to detect cervical cancer. As it turns out, we only need to have one every three years.


I believe there are few things more important to how we live our lives than contemplating the temporality, and fragility, of life on this side of eternity. Accepting the vanity of our present pursuits is the beginning of discovering our true purpose, and the true meaning of our lives.
In the first Dirty Harry movie we are entertained with the sight of Harry educating a citizen on a fundamental problem in human relations.
Positive people tend to attract other positive people and as soon as you reconnect with your friends who are positive, who do believe in people, who do believe in you, who do cheer you on, you start to access their network of other people like that.
Your reality is consistently a reflection of your inner state. When you live with an inner knowledge of your own security and safety, the emotions of security and safety will be perpetuated and reflected back like a mirror into your life. In other words, the only way to truly defend yourself from emotional danger is to live and act from a place of security and wholeness.

With small gestures, you can consciously  widen the circle of your empathy and be stronger for the effort. Not only will be you more resilient, but your life may well be more filled with love.


In my opinion, being happy is not easy or hard and shouldn't be viewed with a pass/fail mindset. It's an emotional state that you can develop and incorporate into your daily life... but it doesn't just happen.

That's the power of what ifs -- their capacity to create never-ending questions.  Never-ending questions can rob you of a sense of closure and, robbed of closure, people find it difficult to move on.




Next time you find yourself feeling down, pick one of these ideas and go for it.  Odds are good you'll reap the benefits immediately with an increase in your happiness level regardless of the weather.



It's hard to tease apart metabolic vs. hedonic causes for obesity, and impossible to change the underlying genetics leading to each susceptibility. Both mechanisms explain why it's so hard to lose weight and keep it off.
What if football were more like modern medicine? Perhaps the only way to advance down the field would be to renounce all progress to date and start again each time at the 20-yard line. You never get to build on your prior gains. That seems a dubious game to me.
One of the hardest aspects about living with an invisible disability is that people, usually through no fault of their own, just do not get it. Some people find it incredibly difficult to understand that someone who has no apparent disability could be in pain.
Remember, what you practice, you get better at. When you chose to practice self-acceptance, compassion, and kindness toward yourself and others, you'll cultivate peace, courage, and joy. That's a habit worth getting good at!



I needed to make some different choices because they weren't working out so well for me. So began my journey to getting a little extra loving in my life. I got busy KISSing. Anywhere and everywhere I could, I learned to K.I.S.S.

Below are eight strategies for healthy eating and weight loss that can be modified based on your belief system, your personal preferences and your individual body.
Though talks of tongue and smell might not be the trendiest of health news at the moment, they are no doubt the senses that are most intimately linked to our nutrition -- and therefore indispensable to our everyday journey towards better health.
One of the tricks to manifesting what we want in life is to create a small set of daily rituals, or success habits, that not only help us feel great in our day-to-day but will also help us align with a higher vibrational energy so that we become magnetic to what we desire.

It takes courage after 25 years of procrastination to begin writing your first children's book. It takes courage after 10 years of building a food company, and with sales down and funding drying up, to walk away because you recognize it's just not going to work.
As my mom sits in a Philadelphia area hospital recouping from open heart surgery, I now see these as the many small moments that gave me strength, a deep sense of loyalty, and a hearty appreciation for the odd.
Getting to the root of your weight issue will begin your healing process to total body freedom forever. You deserve that.
When our ideologies include any sort of oppression, whether it's hatred or an exclusion of self from community, we are disregarding the divine truths of life and need to question how to fully develop our human potential.

I suppose I am very visual. I see beauty in some really unique places. I see it inside people, and it annoys the crap out of me when the person has tried to hide or dim their beauty, consciously or unconsciously, in order to feel safe, accepted, or loved.

Washing your hands and stocking up on orange juice are great starting points, but there's more you can do at home to decrease your chances of falling ill. Take these steps to keep yourself and your family in good health.
The bottom line is that if you find yourself feeling depressed, you can't expect your condition to resolve itself -- you need to do something about it!
An important suicide prevention bill for veterans, derailed at the end of the last Congress, is back on the fast track. The Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans (SAV) Act was unanimously passed by the House of Representatives earlier this month and the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs just last week. Now, we are counting on the Senate to act quickly and send it to the president.
Yogis have a good reputation for being light-hearted, graceful, and joyous, but teacher Kristen Schneider takes it to another level.

Do less, not more, to honor who you already are. Turn off your smart phone. Take a nap or a walk in the park. Meditate. Read a novel. Say no to the party that you are too tired to go to. Decline the urge to say yes.
Making soups from scratch yields delicious meals and helps limit your family's exposure to chemicals and added ingredients found in canned soups. As I've touched upon a little in this post, I always like to take it one step further by using safer food containers made of glass and stainless steel to help limit my use of plastics.
For all the hardships that life throws at us, I have always felt that life keeps living. Perhaps not in the same form or in a way that is recognizable. But life keeps pulsing under everything.
I arrogantly assumed that my lack of a criminal record and the small amount of clean time I had accumulated would exonerate me and I would leave with a slap on the wrist. I was sentenced to 12 months in jail, five years probation, more than $3,000 in restitution and 100 hours of community service.

As a physician and a researcher, I always like to know the source of health advice. Just because something is published in a science journal or reported on the news doesn't mean it's true. You need to look at how a study is designed, as well as decide if it seems to make sense. Here's some health advice that you should think twice about.
In my nearly three decades working as a nutrition and fitness professional, I've heard them all. While they often begin as logical and innocuous, \I'll start Monday\ and numerous other overused cliches stall fat loss and inhibit us from reaching our full potential. Any of these seven self-sabotaging sayings sound familiar?
The next time you are forced to sleep in an unsettling location, hopefully these tips will help you rest in peace.
An ambulance ride to their local hospital was followed by a medical helicopter flight to Boston Children's Hospital, where Joseph received the majority of his care. Gina took the chopper; Rob made the longest one-hour drive of his life.

My desire is to never lose that ability, that I never admit defeat, or become another name on the list of those who've lost the war on their minds. I hope that, as time goes on, and if the setbacks continue to occur, I seek not an exit but a welcome embrace.  Until it is over, for better or worse, I will continue to chronicle my struggles, making them public in an effort to let you know you are not alone.

As a parenting expert and author, I'm fortunate enough to work with some of the premiere universities and hospitals currently conducting research on this very subject. So shouldn't I be inoculated against this type of unwelcome infiltration in my own home? Um, hell no. No parent is.

How would you measure up if someone observed you and wrote down what you were doing once a minute?  Would they see you scrolling through social media, talking on the phone to your relative about a problem at home, or taking action toward your dreams?
Whether it's a job, a friendship, a relationship, a SHIRT, you can't force something that just isn't right. You can -- and you will -- be persistent about making what you want happen, but don't force anything.

At the end of year I took a good hard look at who had exhibited considerable resilience in 2014, and made a list of my favorites. Not only do they serve as great examples of great empathy, optimism, self-efficacy, hope and initiative; they also are the most likely to flourish in the next year.



Writing has allowed me to find myself when I found myself looking for answers. But most importantly, like Anne Frank, it allows me to build courage consistently to pursue my dream. I hope you will take the time to find your voice using your writing as your guide post.
While we may not be able to singlehandedly transform the death industry in our country, each one of us can do something in our lives and our own communities to make a difference. We just have to be creative and strongly motivated to implement change.








The aging process is not for the faint of heart. It rushes forth without our willing consent. As we age and watch our loved ones age we are reminded of our true powerlessness. Part of having a family is facing these challenges together, loving and supporting each other through the good times, challenging times and painful times.
I'm 43 years old now, and I still haven't unburied all the pain around my parents' death, or the pain I carry in regard to my relationship with them while they were alive. But I'm digging, and I'm facing it, and I'm healing, and I'm growing.

Sean's words weren't lengthy or profound, but they made me realize that my life mattered to other people; his words gave me hope to move forward in my life.
Many 40-somethings, like Bruce, eventually realize life turned out vastly differently than their idealistic, younger selves imagined. Unlike many 40-somethings, however, Bruce took his dream as a message and decided to do something about it.
I'm not talking about the meat you put in a sandwich. I'm talking about celiac disease -- a serious genetic condition that television personality Joy Behar dubbed as \baloney\ on the Jan. 20, 2015 episode of MSNBC's Morning Joe show. Let me say that again
I am not the kind of person who wants to forget trauma and suffering. Rather, I want to cherish it. I want to remember that life is fragile no matter my effort to prevent another cancer -- no matter my dad's effort to stay active, healthy and strong.

Understandably, many allergy sufferers are searching for a compelling and long-term solution to lessen their symptoms and improve their quality of life. There is one such treatment that, while effective, goes underutilized by the majority of allergy patients
I wonder why it's so hard to believe another year has come and gone when we are so quick to wish time away by pushing things off until tomorrow, ignorantly believing the next day will always be there. Before we know it, we'll be staring down 2016, then 2017, and so on.
Your present circumstances have already happened. You don't have to like them, but you have to accept them -- otherwise you are wasting your energy fighting a no-win battle against what is, instead of saving your energy to put towards making big life changes.
There are moments in life where change is thrust upon you, pushing and stretching you beyond your known world. At other times, you decide to make a change because you want something different or because the status quo feels hollow and you know there is more.
The health and fitness industry is filled with unnecessary complexity and thousands of experts sharing conflicting ideas. If there is anything I've learned during 10 years of strength training, it's that mastering the fundamentals is more valuable than worrying about the details.

When we are mindful of the power of intimate connection it becomes easier to prioritize our time in a way that allows us to savor our connections with our loved ones more fully. And any circumstance that bring us back to this awareness is indeed a great blessing.
With increasing research, the message is becoming clear
You can live a comfortable life without once stepping outside of your comfort zone and probably end up just fine. However, when you live life this way, you miss so many amazing opportunities.







But we must remember we hold the pieces ourselves, as we have the power for change and recovery. We have the power to complete our puzzle and therefore truly, and bravely, embrace and own all the pieces of us.

Because of the way the brain's neurological network builds connections, each of these things helps our memories grow stronger. Giving our brains a break, it seems, is actually one of the best things we can do.
We've all seen it.  Someone goes on a diet, loses the weight, then in due time gains the weight back -- with \interest.\  In other words, many diets can be temporary plans with temporary results. Do some plans over-promise?  Well, I think we both know the answer to that question.



I am not a fan of the the words \detox\ or \diet.\ I also don't believe in giving up what brings me pleasure to be healthy. Pleasure is healthy. Why give it up? We should have more, not less, in our lives.
Everyone at the studio was so friendly, and Andia encouraged us to go at our own pace throughout class. At no point during class did \I'm not going to live through this\ run through my head -- and trust me, that's happened in workout classes before! I left feeling energized and like I'd had a great workout.

On Sunday morning, my neighbor Carolyn knocked on my front door holding a basket of carbs and said, \I need to have my gallbladder out. I've never had an operation and have no idea how to find a surgeon to do my surgery. I don't want to die. I brought you some scones.\



Asking yourself the following questions will do just that



When I ask my clients to do core training it requires them to look beyond abs and see a system of muscles that work together to complete almost all the physical movements you make. For this reason I've put together what I feel are not only the best, but the most eye-opening core exercises.
If you've run out of steam, maybe it's your body trying to tell you something. When you are feeling overwhelmed, instead of giving up, just take a break. Don't abandon ship, just give yourself a moment. Take a nap. Take a walk. Do something else and come back later feeling refreshed.


In the quest to help employees attain \work-life balance,\ efforts often focus only on one half of that equation (life), ignoring the other half (work). Certainly it is worthwhile to create flexible work arrangements and ways for employees to carve out time away from work -- something the Boston Consulting Group has done for years.




Some pets won't wear items of clothing no matter how chilly they are. But if your pet tolerates it well, a sweater can help keep your dog warm, especially when you take her outdoors.
Doctors have degrees in medicine, but they don't have a degree in your specific body; only you do. Trust yourself. Know that you are the expert of your body and what is good for you. It is your responsibility to let the doctor know about other issues, other reactions you have noticed, and ways you have found to bring relief.
My job as a human is to become the best possible version of myself. There is no one better than Marcus to teach me how to do that. When I vent to my husband about people's actions I have seen or read, Marcus gently reminds me, \No one is perfect, Mom.\
Fear has the ability to stop you from achieving these secret goals for your life. How many times have you missed an opportunity because of fear? How many times have you talked yourself out of wanting something because you were afraid it wasn't realistic?

Taking a pause is not really like a vacation because there is no agenda other than slowing down and enjoying life. You can still be social, plugged in and available but maybe you change gears and remember what you value in life.
If you're having a hard time, and the alarms are starting to go off in your head, just stop for minute. Observe and accept this moment. There will be another moment to replace it, and another. And every one has new possibilities to be something different.


If you want to improve your sleep, there are actually some very simple and practical ways to go about it. I call these strategies the three levers of sleep.

Having ups and downs is part of the path to wellness and it's okay to get frustrated once in a while.

When Big and Middle (my brothers) started talking about going to see Grandma and Grandad, I was hesitant. I have so many beautiful and fun memories involving my grandfather. I didn't want my last memories of him to be of him in a weakened state.
That's why believing in \change your thoughts, change your life\ is just like believing that you can put out a fire by dispelling the smoke. Not that it will never work. It's just a lot of work for not a lot of results.
A friend of mine just lost her beloved aunt. She was with her in her last days, and as they cried together her aunt said, \You know why we feel this way? Because we know what love is. Aren't we so blessed? I am so grateful I got to know you and love you.\
So how do we deal with this? How do we work with this new quickened pace and maintain a less stressful lifestyle? While it will certainly take a great deal of thought, here are three ways to help manage social media stress.
Maybe you'll never can bushels of green beans, make your own ketchup, or grind your own hamburger. And that's fine. Cooking in your kitchen doesn't ever need to be an obsessive big deal. All it needs to be is a chance for you to enjoy yourself, learn something new, and feel good about what you've done.
Core training is obviously a very important aspect in developing a strong mid-section.  Let's face it, on top of being strong everyone wants a rock-hard flat stomach.  Let's dive into some points that are imperative in doing so. We'll jump into the three most important topics
Next time you're in a position to apologize, do it the right way even though it might be difficult. The gain far outweighs any anxiety you may have over saying, \I am sorry.\

It's been a long process over the years to get to a point where I can brush off my worries pretty quickly. Here's the steps that I follow to overcome my worries that I'd like to share with you to live a freer and less anxious life...
If you don't quit smoking, smoking will quit you. The tobacco addiction is hard to overcome but you can change your way and become addicted to life, fresh air, and deep breathing.
If you think sitting with a parent and helping them to write their funeral is depressing, it doesn't have to be. Mum and I sang and made black humor-infested jokes and looked back on what her life had meant to her and how she wanted that conveyed.
I can't say these didn't help me at all, but looking back I realized there where only a few things that really had a profound impact on finally accepting who I truly am:
That's not to say we aren't responsible for our choices as adults. We are. Responsible for telling the truth and getting the support we need. We are responsible for our feelings and taking action on our own behalf. Responsible for making amends. Responsible for learning to nurture our own hearts when we've never felt nurtured.
We all take a step back backward now and again. Take a deep breath, regroup and be mindful about recommitting to your goals through building new habits.
I've narrowed it down to five things that we must accept in order for us to move forward in times of profound change, uncertainty and complexity. By accepting we arm ourselves to move forward more quickly despite the often complicated nature of life.
Remember that your beliefs are powerful self-fulfilling prophecies.  The bottom line of this is that if you change your beliefs, you will change your experiences.  You are not a victim unless you choose to be.  Health and well-being in adulthood is not achieved through the accumulation of external successes, but rather through cleaning out your internal emotional closets.
It was during law school that Robin found, very much by mistake, her passion for running and fell in love with it. She describes that in the years after much of her time in the law office was spent \counting down the minutes\ until she could go for a run.

The positive news is that it doesn't actually take that much time to rekindle feelings of closeness.  But it does take intentionality and commitment to taking a small amount of time each day to maintain or rebuild your connection.

Nobody has to struggle alone, as there's always someone who is willing to provide assistance.  The challenge -- many times -- is to be willing to identify assistance and give someone an opportunity to help.
The key to running in the extreme cold is to protect yourself, wear the proper clothing and have an exit strategy.
Like the waltz, their love affair was long. It flowed effortlessly at times. And, like the best love stories, it had continuous turns. The tempo of the waltz is slow and invites very powerful and dynamic movements from all dancers. Just like my grandma and grandpa.
While this battlefield metaphor is one that may work well in sports, where there is almost always a winner and a loser at the end of the contest, it falls short when applied to an illness like cancer. Cancer has no rules, no time outs, no substitutions, no game clock.
In the midst of easily picking up on all these different vibes that others are giving off, it can be easy to get caught up in other people's not-so-pleasant emotions.
When we blame or project our pain onto others, then we're avoiding the real cause that lies within ourselves
\Soften your front ribs\ is one of those instructions I have never understood. For one thing, it isn't anatomically possible to \soften\ your ribcage. Ribs are made of bone, and the front of your ribcage is cartilage. Solid stuff -- and I like them that way.
Bartlett created this seven-pose sequence to help you say goodbye to the old and embrace the new in 2015. \I chose a sequence that leads up to Handstand,\ Bartlett says. \This pose allows you to turn your world sideways and upside down to see new perspectives.\
The #1 New Year's resolution is to lose weight (it's the winter equivalent of \bikini season!\). But while there are certainly health concerns associated with obesity, there's also a tremendous amount of gratuitous dieting going on aimed at achieving impossible standards of \ideal beauty.\
You've likely heard some of these core benefits before, but more recent studies have further explored the value of rest, providing some interesting insights.
Lately I've been feeling a deep tenderness about us humans in this world, grappling with our many losses; contemplating how we come to live in wholeness with the undeniably broken pieces of our lives?
Habits, good or bad, make us who we are. The key is controlling them.


There are times in our lives when we get really burnt out and everything overwhelms us. We feel disorganized, we become forgetful, and we can't keep up with our work.  One way to deal with this is to take some time to declutter things in your life that are not working for you anymore.


By recognizing the differences between our wants and our needs, one is able to work towards a healthier and more balanced interaction.  And, by bringing wants and needs to consciousness, this allows one to deliberately and consciously act in the best interest of their relationship.


Rather than the deprivation of a quick detox, a reboot uses the powerful antioxidants and phytochemicals in nutrient-rich foods to support your entire body -- cells, organs, immune system and mind. That sustains you for life, not just a few days.

I will eternally detest everything about OCD, but it brought me to McLean and there I met Will. Consequently, I not only gained the tools to live free of OCD's constant grip, but also to just live.
So there you have it. If you like bone broth, sip bone broth -- although I do think you are obliged to consider the lives, and deaths, that spawned those bones. Cruelty has no place on the menu of decent people, whatever our gustatory inclinations.

There's no doubt that antibiotics are a good thing. They save lives every day. As with many things, however, more is not always better. And this is certainly the case with antibiotics.


To those of you in the throes of your own depression I offer this


Well dear readers, I'm thinking about doing a cookbook. But when I looked over my recipes, I realized I was missing a chickpea soup recipe, the kind you find in Italy.

There are times when people work to prevent cancer and it doesn't work, but it's not unlike a seat belt in a car
The more willing we are to tell the truth about how we feel, what we see and what we want, the easier it becomes and the more likely we are to realize the health benefits - to our bodies, to our relationships and yes, even to our businesses. Telling the truth is the honest path to better health.
To have four people within my extended circle of family and friends die within the same week, made death feel not only inevitable, but closer to home. Regardless of how much or little time we have left, here are four things death teaches us about life.

I'd spent the past few weeks feeling completely lost, purposeless, and alone, but in the simple actions of that little girl, I began to realize the simplicity and power of hope and faith in our world.  All I needed to do was to figure out a way of silencing all the noise around and inside of me, and begin to focus on the beauty of a moment, the belief in the wonderful.
Midday napping may sound like an extravagant indulgence that coddles workers. And it's true that employees reap considerable advantage. But the ultimate beneficiaries of allowing for rest are the companies that create the conditions for optimal functioning.
Why is it that the fun and satisfaction of participating in sports overwhelms our recognition that they could significantly destroy our body, be it the knee or the brain? The answer, I believe, is that as athletes we just can't comprehend the impact of the damage.



I loved how physically demanding the hour was, but I missed the philosophical aspects of yoga. Somehow it felt incomplete. When there were small bits of chanting in Sanskrit introduced, I wondered whether the students or the teachers really understood what the chants meant or why they were doing them.
Eating from a gentler, more compassionate place allows us to treat ourselves with kindness. And this love and kindness is what really heals us. Instead of depriving yourself of all sweets, have just one small treat a day.

Decreasing waste is environmentally beneficial and, as a bonus, will likely clean up your food choices and save you some money as well. Here are five tips for decreasing garbage that directly influence healthy eating.
It may surprise how a few little tweaks to your surroundings, your way of thinking, and your daily schedule can quickly add up to a more nourishing way of living. To get you started, here are six easy ways to nourish yourself today.
What I can remember about my mother's death from breast cancer certainly does not reflect Dr. Smith's romantic view of dying.
Then, once you've got your resolution and the specifics of your fitness goals for the year set in stone, you can incorporate the following health and fitness tips into your plan.


Meditation develops the inner dimension of our humanity.  Why is this important?  Because who we are on the inside affects everything we say and do on the outside -- all of our decisions, words, and actions.  Our inner being has an effect on the world around us.
A new year delivers new hope for improvement. And as much as we dread the effort this entails, we must bear in mind that we're the only ones who can make ourselves better in any and every way. Strive for the right kinds of change in 2015 and broaden your horizon so that it becomes endless.
Unfortunately, when the time comes to begin the intimate and sometimes awkward conversation of \I have/had cancer,\ it will produce mixed reviews. While the majority of feedback will be positive and supportive, the brash among us will offer slightly hurtful responses instead.

By telling my story, I hope I am positively contributing to others
So what are you waiting for in life? Why aren't you acting now? No, really, why aren't you? That's a serious question that requires you to think about it in depth.




There are so few things we actually \have to\ do it's shocking. Realizing we have many more choices than we think we do is absolute freedom.

January 1 is a great day to make a change, but so are the other 364 days of the year. You don't need a new year. You just need a new day.
Everything is alive and everything has something to offer. In the press of daily life, we often ignore these teachers, though they're everywhere.

Diet is a good word. Diet only means the way you eat. If you eat donuts all day, you have a diet of donuts. If you eat healthy, you have a healthy diet. Diet does not mean deprivation or starvation, it means choosing food items.
This is all about improving the quality of care in real time. Whereas studies show what has already happened to a patient, sometimes months after discharge, this is an opportunity to make a difference when it matters most -- while care is being given.

Instead of a weight-loss goal, consider performance goals, which may help you stay more motivated to exercise not just this year, but for the rest of your life. Getting leaner and stronger is a byproduct of achieving these performance goals.

Think of someone you admire -- a talented artist or scientist, entrepreneur or adventurer. Do you know what their great regret in life is? What advice would they share about parenting, or aging, or finding fulfillment? What book has had the greatest impact on their life? Chances are you don't know. Which is why we've created Sophia.
It is common to complain about the constraints in our lives
A long day can leave your legs sore, your back achy, your neck stiff, and your mind racing. What's the solution? Yoga, of course! The perfect p.m. practice not only helps melt the stress of the day but sets you up for a restful night's sleep.
People ask what I do when the munchies strike, how often I work out, and if I ever indulge in adult beverages! The answer is YES, I do, but I live by the 80/20 rule. Here are some of the things I do regularly to stay fit.

Use this practice as a warm-up or cross-training sequence to lengthen and strengthen your body for skiing and snowshoeing.
These \teachable\ moments that some might view as setbacks are also one way that life reminds us to slow down and take a deeper breath, to pace ourselves. Renewed, we stand up once again. Once again, we speak up about things that matter most in life to us.

Once we figure out how we feel about our own death and dying, the next step we must take -- initiating the conversation with our loved ones -- is often the most difficult step to complete.

In 2015 one of my primary wishes is that all of us will concentrate on treating other people with respect. I have just scratched the surface; I encourage you to give this entire matter some very deep consideration.
Gratitude is an amazing tool that can turn any situation around.  Be grateful for all that you experience (the ups and the downs) and every one you meet along your path.  Make gratitude part of your daily practice and watch as all of your intentions (and even things you hadn't quite thought about) come true quickly making way for more expansion and growth.
The wheels of bureaucracy grind slowly in Washington, but we can only hope that the FDA can meet this new challenge with timely action to regulate the importation of e-cigarettes containing ingredients that are known health hazards.
I decided to focus on intentionally being kind to myself and to others to make it a daily practice and a way of living and being, not just a lofty concept. So I present to you these 10 resolutions for 2015:

This is one communication that can only be done old school -- no emails or texts.  It has to be on paper, in an envelope, and mailed.  The experience of writing a thank you note does as much for the sender as the receiver.
There's always a tension between how life is and how you want it to be -- that's where those New Year's resolutions come in, and that's why they fail. When you pick a goal or an intention for the year, your current habits and ways of living push back. Embedded structures get in the way of the new stuff you're trying to make room for.

Most of us would love to be morning people. We've heard about the benefits of waking up early time and time again. But it's easier said than done, and good intentions alone don't go very far. You need actionable, can-do strategies to make lasting change.


I believe that there are 10 conversations that every couple needs to have on a regular basis in order to\u00a0keep their emotional connection alive. They can help you realize what areas of their relationship may need to be worked on, whether this is done with\u00a0more conversation or even with a couples counselor.
With few exceptions, workout songs can be distinguished by two main attributes
Once the clock strikes midnight on December 31, the real countdown begins
When you take a minute to simply look within yourself, you will more often than not make the right choice for your health. And you won't have to limit yourself to these stupid, harsh rules that don't really hold anyway. Lose the resolution and resolve to choose happiness.




Saying \I'm sorry\ repeatedly put me in a position of constantly being in the wrong. This had a profound impact on me as I was doing nothing that warranted an apology.

I have received the most beautiful of gifts.  This gift cannot fit in a box, nor can it merely be purchased
Finding focus can sometimes be a struggle for me. If you haven't noticed, I have a lot of things I want to do going on all at once. In 2015, I vow to take each individual task and work hard to complete it before jumping into the next thing. Do I vow to take on less? Absolutely not.

I found, among many other things long forgotten, an answering machine in a box that held memorabelias from my college years at UC Berkeley. I tinkered with it, and after few false starts, it worked. So I listened. Muffled voices of long ago came echoing through.
The intention over resolution approach gave me mindful focus over the long haul, with enough wiggle room to feel like a playfully curious explorer along the way.
By reflecting on moments that happened in your life, externally and internally, you get deep into your subconscious and reassess whether your goals are in line with your priorities and values.


While it is critical that we reduce the number of tobacco users in Chicago, addressing this challenge alone will only get us so far. It is just as important to encourage all residents to adopt healthier lifestyles across the board.


There have been some major changes in my life -- both in terms of self-development as well as changes that happen in the lives of those close to me. Here are the facts I've realized about life and I'd like to share them with you.

I may not have the sick-pack abs yet, but I finally have confidence in my body and a desire to continue with my fitness goals.
So many of us are searching for external validation when everything that we need is within.  We are like hidden treasure chests full of exotic gems waiting to be discovered and when we find the key to unlock this chest, we will be able to awaken to our deepest potential.
It doesn't help that Erdheim-Chester is notoriously difficult to diagnose and therefore, say researchers, most likely under- or mis-diagnosed. Only when there's a mass or lesion to study will pathologists look for identifying markers on cells -- if they even suspect ECD.
When I decided to have the test done, I figured I would carry something since I had already had cancer myself. I was pretty surprised that I didn't test positive. The associate said that they can't test for everything, so it's not like I'm in the clear by any stretch of the hopeful imagination.
But, overall this year has taken me on a journey that has changed my life, and I think that is spectacular. Obviously f*** cancer, but f*** yes to what I've learned, who I've met and where I'm going.

As we enter the new year, we are inundated with thoughts about things we want to achieve in the next year. Often we set our sights so high that by mid-January we have given up.  But that's no reason to stop trying! Here are 10 ideas and thoughts that anyone can achieve.
With a little bit of planning and a lot of discipline, accomplishing your goals in the New Year can become a reality.  Imagine the immense satisfaction you'll feel at this same time next year when you can look back and look at how far you've come and all that you have accomplished.



I'm not going to lie

Unfortunately, many of the most well-intentioned New Year's resolutions fizzle by February. They're done in by a lack of commitment or a lack of know-how. That is where Denise can help.


Looking back, the cause of that depression was my inability to let myself take time to process major life events. Coming back from that dark place required months of work in therapy, adjusting my medications and learning how to be more honest about my feelings.


There are many reasons I highly recommend not going to the Internet for answers, but the biggest one is that everybody's experience with cancer is different.



While food safety is (or should be) a concern at just about every restaurant or other establishment that serves food, sometimes things fall through the cracks, and people get sick.

Monitor your sleep as a part of your weight-loss regimen. Examine your own relationships between amount and quality of sleep and food choices, timing, and energy levels. Give yourself the best opportunity to do well in your attempt to lose weight, and recognize that sleep should not be ignored.

\Thank you\ was a small thing to say but it had a  huge impact on my brain. Every time I said the magical words, it was like someone had erased the memories of the horrible things happening in life.

Patanjali never said anything about anatomy or alignment, though. So why bother? I actually have two very specific reasons for teaching alignment and anatomy; one is practical and one is embedded within the philosophy of the Yoga Sutra.
\No fat,\ \oat fiber,\ \multigrain flakes,\ \helps lower cholesterol.\ Cereal boxes make all kinds of claims to get you to pick them for your health.







The secret to permanent weight loss can be found in your daily decisions. It's about switching from diets and quick fix solutions to permanent lifestyle change.


The only thing \new\ in this personal litany is to see it illumined by the emotionally hollow, worldly \new\ that I witnessed on a long ago airplane ride. What is not new is how deeply satisfying I find my own treasures.

Using the word \vegan\ doesn't mean pulling out your Grateful Dead shirt from decades ago or growing your own soybeans. Using the word vegan means considering your food and your lifestyle options and looking for the kindest choices.
Being overwhelmed is not a fact -- it's a state of consciousness that limits your freedom and happiness. It requires a shift in perspective. Bring yourself back to the present moment.  Remember that you have a choice about the way you want to feel.
In a recent report published by the Centers for Disease Control that ranked 47 \powerhouse fruits and vegetables,\ kale placed only 15th (with 49.07 points out of 100 for nutrient density)! Here's a roundup of the 10 leafy green cousins that researchers say pack a greater nutritional wallop.

Matisse embodies what people refer to today as resilience. With passion and perseverance, he navigated his way through this challenging period and found beauty in the darkness.

Compliments and kind gestures never diminish from our own attributes, but rather heighten an awareness for what we appreciate in others and look for in ourselves.  We may remember an unkind moment in the past, but we always seek kindness in our present.
Whether your 2015 goal involves fast, lasting fat loss, upgrading your exercise regimen, or feeling better so you can play with your kids or grandkids, you can make big gains implementing these five practical, powerfully effective strategies.
And now I walk with a cane. At first reluctant to display such an obvious accoutrement of old age, I have come to enjoy my persona. With each thump I feel the gravitas of Peter Stuyvesant, an old familiar figure thumping through the streets of the Big Apple. Still observing, still discerning, not to be trifled with. I wave my cane. Out of my way, whipper-snappers. Yes, doctors take up more and more of my time. Bring 'em on!
Today's hearing systems allows users to connect with their families, to enjoy sounds in all listening environments and live their lives uninterrupted by hearing loss. Advancements in technology help make this happen.
This New Year, I challenge you not to create annual resolutions but instead to look to the next month. How do you want to be? What do you want to experience? What would make your heart sing? What do you need to do to bypass fear and live fully? Then 30 days from now, see how well you did. Celebrate your wins and make plans for how you can make the next 30 days even better!
Next time you catch yourself trying to control the uncontrollable, next time you feel tightness in your back as you strain to make something bend to your will, take a breath. Relax. Wait. Instead of forcing what you believe must happen, relax into the flow of what is emerging.



I find a lot of people have holiday anxiety. We all need to calm it down. There's no better present you can give yourself than a rest from all the flurry and a break from feeling you need to plugged in, lit up or in sync with anyone. Just let it go.
All of these emotions in mind, high moments have been tremendously high, and low moments have been intensely low. It took several disagreements with family, gift mishaps, flaky party guests and food gone wrong before I stopped myself amidst the madness to recoup and rebalance.
Making others feel good will make you a better leader. People always remember how you made them feel. Learn the six steps to bringing out the best in others, with this helpful infographic.






In Uganda, sore throats -- strep, actually -- are so common that kids don't complain about it and aren't treated for it. This can create problems in their heart valves. And for some children, each round of strep causes more problems to those valves.
For some people, resolutions can become invisible boundaries -- limits that keep them from breaking out of their comfort zone. In your life, for instance, you might be thinking about making big, new changes to your nutrition or fitness routine.
Whether they be made by family or friends, there is always a risk for cross-contamination of food that makes it nearly impossible to relax when you are invited into someone else's home, or sometimes even in your own, for holiday feasts.
Never settle. There is always more for you to learn. As you get older, this means that you have to be vulnerable. This means putting yourself in new and different situations, and not being the expert. It means creating a time and space to step out of your boundaries and try to understand someone else's perspective.

There's nothing worse than waking up in the middle of the night, freezing cold only to realize that all of the blanket is around your partner. A good option is to have two sets of covers -- one blanket for you and another for your significant other. Because no one can take two covers, right?

Until recently, my attitude toward prayer had been guided by President Harry S. Truman who said that \people who pray the loudest are the ones you lock your hen house from.\ Praying out loud was something I never did. Until Facebook came along.


Many of us, as parents of spectrum kids, participate in \autism walks\ or other events to raise money for autism research. But we don't volunteer anywhere near the same capacity for entities that directly impact our children -- our kids' schools or service agencies. Why?

Children who suffer from anxiety disorders have mixed feelings about school. Most of them want to attend, but too often fear stops them from reaching their potential. The good news is, children are malleable, and fears can be conquered.
What we do seek, and at the top of most people's wish list these days, is good health. Why then, do we adorn our homes with holiday d\u00e9cor and engage in activities that could be making the whole family ill?
We do well to define our ambition in order to gain the clarity of a baseball player who keeps his eye on the ball and home plate as his goal.
For most people family relationships are the most challenging in our lives, so it's not surprising that if we are in a place of profound loss and vulnerability then spending time with family members at Christmas may trigger some complex emotional responses.
This year, if you are throwing a holiday party it's important that you are mindful of people with food allergies and sensitivities. The good news is that it is possible to host a festive party while keeping food safety top of mind.
One mistake is just an outlier. Two mistakes is the beginning of a pattern. Killing this pattern before it snowballs into something bigger is one reason why learning how to get back on track quickly is an essential skill for building good habits.
What contribution -- grand or modest, private or public -- do you have to make to the greater good of all?  Is it a project or idea of your own design, or something that already exists that you fervently want to advance?
It is not for us to find the points of difference in individual meditation practices but to create a bridge over the perceived divides. Whether meditation is used by the individual, within groups, for spiritual or professional growth, it is a positive life force that transcends cultural and spiritual traditions.


Although I didn't always feel empowered or plan on becoming a cancer advocate, I found strength in following a few simple life rules I learned along the way. In honor of my cancerversary, I want to share with you 13 ways I now live my life with purpose after cancer:
As a survivor of mental illness I have been paralyzed by the depths of depression. The kind that hurts your whole body. The kind that leaves you exhausted  in every way imaginable. The kind that destroys friendships. The kind that hurts your schooling or work.
The bottom line is that diabetes is a self-managed disease, and it's important to use all the tools at your disposal to help manage your condition. Smartphones, which are now integrated into many people's daily lives, allow for innovative ways to do this.

Mindful eating is a huge topic involving many elements of attention and awareness from the decision to eat to the decision to stop and everything in between.  For now, I'd like to focus a bit more on just a few of those things that impact our decision to start eating.

It is potentially dangerous to women's health to withhold the screening and causal risk of dense breast tissue from them. How can women be empowered to make informed decisions about their breast health screening when one of the most critical risk factors is being kept from them?

The good news is that the holiday season doesn't have to be so stressful and draining. With a few little changes, it is possible to turn your exhausting holiday experience into one filled with joy and cheer -- it just all boils down to how you take care of you. Here are five ways to do that...

Not until losing my mother to metastatic breast cancer earlier this year did I become all too familiar with the painful journey of grief. It is a difficult path. There is no Google map that can provide perfect guidance on how to support someone who is navigating loss.
Clearly there are some health care startups that will meaningfully improve health care. But there is justifiable concern that too many are focused on the wrong patients and wrong problems using technology with limited applicability.
As a runner myself, I understand what an interesting breed we are and decided to help by putting together my favorite stocking stuffer gift ideas for the runner in your life:
When we support change that widens ramps, opens doors, assists those with vision or hearing challenged, or helps protect those who may have life-threatening food allergies, we may someday, in fact, actually be assisting our parents, our children or even ourselves.
Throughout our lives, we learn that anger is an inappropriate, unattractive, destructive emotion. But, in reality\u00a0it can be a powerful force for good.
This year, since the flu shot may not contain the proper viral particles, everyone, but especially those with compromised immune systems, needs to be more aware of their risk for developing the flu. Here are five tips to be a flu survivor this season.



There's a line you don't want to cross, and there are ways to deal with jealousy when it arises. Jealousy can eat away at you and keep you from making progress in life. Here are three ways to deal with jealousy.
More can and should be done to make naloxone widely available at an affordable price, and we must demand better from an industry that would seek to profit from both the poison and the antidote.
From my meditation teacher/practitioner perspective, I see ALL of these aspects as incredibly good, good, good and believe that meditation, dear millennials, is not only something that gels with what you already got goin' on... but it can help you navigate some of your biggest challenges.
My therapist was concerned. He didn't want me to identify with a mental illness. He didn't want it to define me. But I disagreed with him. Just as I am black and a woman and an American, I too also have bipolar disorder. It does have an impact on my life

Expressing yourself directly, non-attackingly, and non-defensively gives you the best chance of being heard, having a meaningful conversation, and ensuring that the same interactions don't keep recurring endlessly in the future. So let's learn the steps...
There are so many teachable moments in Into the Woods.  I urge you to see the movie and look for the meanings underlying the entertainment.

While it's true that even immunotherapies are not side-effect free, they pale in comparison to traditional chemotherapy and, by fortifying immune systems, bring the promise of creating healthier bodies that beat back the disease, and mitigate side effects, biologically.

Eureka moments of genius are common to runners. They happen mid-run as a result of fatigue, high endorphins, low cortisol, self-righteousness, and a groovy \one-with-naturedness\ that would make Ralph Waldo Emerson envious.

When you've found something that's right for you, you want to be better without force. You get this instant internal drive and motivation to become a better person, to do better work, and to achieve greater things. You feel inspired.
The old proverb \eat breakfast like a king, lunch like a prince, and supper like a pauper\ now has some scientific muscle behind it. Many of us think that if we skip breakfast we will reduce our overall calorie intake for the day and lose weight.
Don't follow the crowds. Trying to emulate others deters you from that special path you were meant to take. Be inspired from their journey and put that energy into who you were meant to become.
Perhaps it is a metaphor for life. It is your place and forever it shall be, for it is you, only you and you are enough.
Perhaps simply sharing the comforts and spirit of the season with those we love, and at the same time, making an effort to experience, with all our senses, the magical decorations and beautiful music that is all around, is what it's really about.



I am one of three people in this particular solar system who still send Christmas cards by post. The other two are 97-year-old female twins who never married and live in rural Wisconsin in the house they were born in. I am an anachronism. And happy to be.
\I've never regretted it. Any misgivings about being away from my family and my business flee as soon as I see a 2-year-old who'd come in with a cracked lip and a cracked palate who looks good now, or the old person who gets to see again after 10 years. That is my reward.\
If 2014 was the year of the butt, 2015 promises to be the year we work on ours. And what more inspiring way to both commemorate the bootylicious year we've had and kick our rears into gear in the next 12 months than with the best workout songs about, you guessed it, butts.
As the old adage goes, if you think you're enlightened, go home to mom and dad and the rest of the family and see what happens. If you haven't completely released the grip of the past, it will surely come back to haunt you now.
As a bereaved mother, I know first-hand the challenges faced particularly at this sacred time of year.  My prayer for all is one of hope and healing.
This month, may you let go of doing what's always been done if it has ceased to serve. May you widen your eyes with curiosity instead of fear at the approaching new year. And may you look at each blank page, empty stage, clean canvas and new day as the beginning of a grand experiment.
Unlike a New Year's Eve party that lasts a few hours and then disappears after the stroke of midnight like fairy godmother magic, I guarantee my high is going to last beyond one night.
It's a universally meaningful time for millions of people, and I would argue that this sense of connectedness is a large part of what makes the season seem sort of magical. Yet for many people, the winter months don't always live up to their heartwarming reputation.

This is a perfect time to stop for a moment and really think about the meaning of your own celebrations, so that you don't end up spending a fortune in time and money with nothing real to show when it is over.



If in the moment neither running nor being vegan is as pleasurable as the alternative, then whatever drives me to run and abstain from all animal products, day in and day out, must be pretty darn compelling. And it is.

Her cancer was infiltrating duct cell carcinoma, and she had a radical breast resection including lymph nodes, chemotherapy and radiation. She did everything she could to beat cancer and now, at 80 years old, is sharing her tips.
The life of a cancer patient can be summed up in one word

Today, our son is 21 and he will tell you the worst part of his illness is the stigma. Why do we as a society stigmatize our friends, family, and others by branding them with a mark of disgrace?
For 2015, I wish for you that you claim the tools and the power to change the strategies that aren't really helping you, but are in fact holding you back from growing into yourself and truly showing up for the life you want -- and deserve!
It's only taken me 50 years to realize that, while we never really know how long we have on this earth, eventually we do realize that it won't be forever. And were we placed here to satisfy ourselves, entertain ourselves, and forward only our own interests? Sad, boring, and hopefully not.
Creativity is already part of us, but we easily become disconnected from it. The more we experience our creativity through meditation the more confident we become in our creative expression and ability to bring it to form.
The three main components of a tai chi practice -- movement, meditation, and breathing -- can help you shake off stress this season. So, when you catch yourself tensing up, try these instant soothers borrowed from the ancient martial art.

I wasn't planning on getting old. Do any of us? But into my future I must go. So, with my heart open and my spirit very curious, I am walking full-wide and brave into this next great adventure of my life. I'm walking into the hands of time.
If you're feeling uneasy and concerned that your college-age daughter or son might have an eating disorder, this is a perfect time to think the problem through and figure out whether help might be needed.



Some of the foods listed in here may be brand new to you and some may be foods you've eaten for years. One thing is certain though
Holiday toy drives, donations to food banks, visiting a nursing home, making homemade cards, donating money, and serving meals at a shelter are great ways to practice gratitude. See if you can get your friends and family to go together. Doing something for others can make your holiday experience especially meaningful -- and put that fight over stuffing into perspective.
Now today I am healthier than I have ever been. I will not lie to you and say every day is perfect, but I have learned how to make each and every day be the best it can be. I have a daily routine that keeps me centered to weather any storm.
Meditation takes on many, many forms. It can be deep breathing for a few minutes, singing or listening to soothing music. All in all it is a great tool to ease and calm the mind whatever form you choose to use. I can say personally that meditation was the most effective thing I did that finally got me a good night's sleep.
Fortunately, an arsenal of strategies can help you keep your calm when life doles out storms. Among them, these 13 are some of my favorites:
It's a time when reflection and contemplation is unavoidable. Coming to the end of anything causes us to look back on the journey. But it can be a powerfully therapeutic practice if we're intentional. We're the sum total of our experiences-reflection allows us to sift the good from the bad, to be thankful, and to grow and transform.
Nearly every manager in the world wants to \do more great work,\ but very few people want to \do less bad work.\ We love peak performances.

For many of us, drinking alcoholic beverages is an integral part of socializing. If alcohol is important to you, it would be unrealistic to expect that you could (or should) cut it out of your diet overnight. However, you can still be strategic about what you drink.
The pain of not having a significant other over the holidays can feel like a deep purple bruise. The pain of a breakup can feel like a gaping wound you're trying to close with a Band-Aid.
With a little thought and planning, you can make this your healthiest and happiest holiday season ever.  By enjoying the holidays in a healthy way, you'll feel great about yourself and be able to enter the new year on a high note!
When we get to the end of our lives, we will be judged not by how much money we earned or how big a mortgage we managed to pay off but instead by how authentically we lived. Did we really allow our true selves to shine?
When people first learn that I don't drink alcohol, they often request an explanation. Mine is rarely consistent. Sometimes I say I don't like the taste. Sometimes I say I'm Muslim. Sometimes I say I have a medical condition. All are true, but none in isolation contains a full explanation.
So when it all gets real crazy in December, find those moments in the season that bring you joy. It helps you slow down, even momentarily, to remember what this time of year is about and how to enjoy the wild ride of December.
As more experts and studies praise its benefits, I'm baffled anyone still claims a gluten-free diet is bogus or scientifically unsubstantiated.

Getting enough shut-eye is vital to losing weight and also maintaining optimum health.
Our brains developed with singing and music as a survival mechanism. Before there were governments or nations, tribes and groups used songs and dance to build loyalty to the group, transmit vital information and ward off enemies. Those who sang survived.
More than half of the cases of anaemia are caused by low iron levels and can be treated with iron supplements, according to global health experts. But easy-to-use, reliable, and cheap methods to detect anaemia and monitor the effects of treatment are still needed.
If you're always focused on problems, fears and all the things that could go wrong, problems and misfortunes are exactly what you'll find. If you're predominantly focused on simply joys, love, kindness and beauty in the world, blessings and goodness are exactly what you'll find.

Don't get me wrong, it is a choice. And not an easy one. But when you accept your body, really truly accept yourself where you are now, your whole world will change. Because how you feel on the inside affects everything else in your life. And you deserve a life where you feel good, both inside and out.
We are, of course, social creatures. We need other people. When our social nature expresses itself virtually, we have the option of controlling exactly what we look like and what words we use. We have the ability to create a self-advertisement that sells us well.
For the weight-lifting workout, I love using iron bands because they are easy to store, easy to pack and also offer a good amount of resistance coming in different tensions or resistance levels. In a super-set fashion, you can hit all the main body parts, while sparing yourself time, and a trip to the gym:
Remember to take care of yourself during the holidays -- something I still have to remind myself to do! Time with loved ones is a gift -- don't waste it feeling stressed!

Whatever your situation is, you can make a choice to keep healthy and injury-free. I now take 10 minutes when I get out of bed or 10 minutes during the evening news to relieve my muscle pain with self-therapy massage. It's now a daily habit.
We women hear a lot about side effects of birth control, but we don't hear as much about the side benefits. If you haven't had a conversation with your doctor lately about family planning, you may be in for some surprises.
These are some of the most precious moments of my life. I breathe and count, mute, and let my gaze travel where it will. And when I manage to think of nothing for a few seconds, I relax and hold the feeling close, and I keep dancing.

Happiness plays an important role for friends and for supportive family members. There are no easy answers. It is up to each human being to work on themselves to find answers. It is everyone's choice!
While it's very tempting to curl up in front of the TV on winter nights and mindlessly drown in your favorite show, doing so will make your brain lethargic, and winter's only just started!
Listen to swaying music in the morning when you are preparing coffee, get amused with it when you commute, or dance to it during afternoons with your children. You will be surprised at how the right rhythms can uplift the level of your energy.
Cure Violence appreciates that kids killing kids is the product of biological and group processes. This type of violence is a learned behavior
Successfully bringing mindfulness to work requires strategic consideration of both formal and informal practices. Before rolling out the first pilot with key stakeholders, consider attendance policies and informal practice resources.


While vision boards are helpful because they give you an opportunity to daydream, to dream, to pretend, to imagine, they also can lead to false hopes because just creating a board with pictures doesn't help you to \see\ the entire picture.
Where fear contracts, love embraces. Love embraces fear, can hold it like the sky holds the rain and wind. Love embraces your weaknesses and in the embracing they grow into strengths. Love holds fear gently and transforms it into fearlessness. Love is letting go of fear.
Showing appreciation is something that we can do every day. To ourselves. To others. Today is a good day to work on opening our hearts.
Rather than thinking about a response, try to understand what they're going through at an emotional level. For example, if a friend tells you about losing a job, think about their situation and how it might impact them, not how you would feel if you were in their situation.


The problem with CF? It doesn't play fair, it doesn't make deals, and it doesn't care about the life you want or have. It's an ugly disease that hurts a lot of people in its wake. A disease I've tried to protect so many people from, to protect myself from.

As these to-dos start to accumulate, even if they are things you want to do, all of the sudden all the space you desired for peace, harmony, and chilling this December turns into holiday stress that sucks up your time and pushes your peace right out the window.
Admittedly, sometimes in-the-flesh encounters are important in establishing a deeper intimacy. But Anita's friendship, one of those \small good things\ in my daily life, was very real despite the delivery system, and it makes me think maybe there's room for real friendship in the virtual realm.
Here are my five tweaks to your perception that may help you feel more happiness. You may find them clich\u00e9d, you may find them unsurprising, perhaps you may even find them helpful. The truth is, happiness is not a new invention.

What's striking about this month's top 10 list is the quantity of pop songs it contains by folks who aren't archetypal pop stars.


Often, our very future in finding love is determined by our small choices at these countless crossroads.

According to medical studies, our efforts to alter the workplace to avoid back pain have been scrutinized by evidence-based medicine and found to be largely ineffective. The reason is because the causes of back pain are so varied person to person.
If you find yourself down or depressed during the holidays, you very well may be doing one or more of these steps, consciously or unconsciously
I want to be clear; I know and see daily the challenges and suffering dementia can bring. I also know and see daily the beautiful joys and learning it can bring, to those experiencing it and those that care for them. Can we have a perspective on dementia that holds both the challenges and the joys? They are not mutually exclusive.
Let's accept a fact -- not all criticism is valid. Do not let your brain fool you. Just because words are published online does not mean they hold any merit. Here are four strategies to handle criticism well.
The morning of my mental health emergency, I knew something wasn't normal shortly after opening my eyes.
Twelve years since my father ended his life and after making every possible mistake, I have found my way back to happiness through love and forgiveness. For myself, for my father, for those who loved me but were unable to connect to my grief.

Mastering the standing posture is the first step in being able to incorporate meditation into our daily lives. Like everything worthwhile in life, it requires practice, but once we get used to it, we can do it almost anywhere -- standing on line, at the crosswalk, and in elevators.
Proper squat form means the head is in a neutral position, the chest is upright, facing forward, the knees are bent over but not beyond the toes, the hips are lowered as far as they can go, the weight is on the heels, the abdomen muscles are sucked in, and the butt is pushed backwards.
Governments and health care companies are only part of the solution in creating a sustainable and healthier future in a global health care system where 80 percent of cardiovascular diseases and 40 percent of cancers are preventable; personal decisions and responsibility also play a large role.
The \Did you smoke?\ question is offensive, of course, because it implies that the person deserves their cancer more than other types of cancer patients and thus merits less support or inferior medical care.

True courage is about looking inwards, not outwards. Being able to stand firm in a place of vulnerability and to flourish and grow with honesty and humility is a strength beyond measure. This is the power of emotional wisdom.
So this year, instead of saving our appreciation for one day of the year, let's be thankful for what gratitude can bring to our lives the other 364 days a year and invite it to be our source for natural gratification, improved relationships and emotional booster shots.

In the same way being poor teaches us to appreciate wealth, having our hearts broken teaches us to love faithfully, struggle and failure magnifies our victories -- Eeyore's melancholy in a subtle way highlights the joys in life.
Be yourself, do your best work every day, find a mentor (or just a single friend in the office) and make time for yourself every single day.

Is your attention on being right? Do you have chapter and verse about what they have done wrong? Are your thoughts and feelings leading to the result either of you want? What is your real motivation?


Perhaps with courage and acceptance we can make friends with our own mortality, and with acceptance we can be a peaceful presence when given the opportunity to experience the death of a loved one.
Saying it feels odd calling home as a patient in a mental institution is an understatement. Yet not long ago, that's what I found myself doing.


I've been a giver most of my adult life. Giving of my time, help and money and I always felt that giving was a good thing. You know, the more you give the more you receive. What I didn't realize was that there needs to be a balance between giving and receiving.
It's humbling how fear can rearrange our eyes. This piece describes a personal example of this.

Yes, of course, a calorie is a calorie just as a gallon is a gallon. But fuels vary, and engines vary -- and they matter, too.


The natural high that ensues after I've written a new post or have finished a client's 'do is nearly indescribable. It is intoxicatingly joyful. I did that. I made that. I followed my own rules. I am in control of my life. I am doing what I love.

When you do these five things, your gratitude journal moves from an activity of the mind to an activity of the heart. This daily practice doesn't just infuse your list with vibrancy and color, it infuses your life.

No matter what your holiday plans, try to maintain a sense of humor as reality inevitably crashes into your expectations. So manage those expectations. Keep them realistic. And remember, the less you expect, the freer and more lighthearted you will feel.
Sitting on my mat, I ask the class to bring their hands to their hearts and close their eyes, grateful for this moment, for this community, for the connection of this audible breath rolling through the studio.
When you think of Sir Winston Churchill and President Roosevelt, please consider this incredible irony
The technique is deceptively simple -- you simply visualize everything you did today, starting from the moment you woke up, right up to the moment you started to review your day, in as much detail as you can remember. Here are some guidelines to keep in mind.

Jason Crandell released this video last week, talking about his childhood interest in the human condition, his discovery of yoga (shocking spoiler
For me, truth lies in the faith of forgiveness, and when I surrender to this \faith of forgiveness,\ a newfound freedom enters my life.  I don't believe that forgiveness is a one-time act, but rather an unfolding process.

Had it not been for a move across the globe, I may not have made the changes that saved me from being consumed by my job and unhealthy lifestyle. Many of us need a slap upside the head in order to change. Otherwise we'd keep pushing forward in a steady state of burnout.
In grade school, I remember my teacher passing out an assignment and telling each student to \keep your eyes on your own paper.\ Perhaps she was simply trying to teach 8-year-olds to not cheat, but hidden within that phrase is also a deeper message about what really matters.
For most of us the ultimate goal throughout our entire school and university life is to get a good career with a six-figure salary. But as the years go by, you realize that you're good at what you do but you just keep doing the same thing over and over again like a small cog in a big fat money wheel.
You finally receive a long overdue massage. Your body melts away stress, releases tension and you reach a peaceful balance in body, mind and spirit. You arise feeling both relaxed and energized. You want to enhance the benefits of your bodywork, so what can you do?


Winter means that more people are staying indoors to avoid the cold. What many people may not know is that they can be exposed to indoor allergens that are lurking within their home.
Kindness. It seems like such an easy choice. But a crazy thing happens when you drop your guard and step from behind that icy stand-offish barrier
We live in a time of abundance, have an endless choice of smartphone cameras for selfies... now even provided with selfie-sticks. People wandering through the great spaces we know from history or travels yet often are totally unaware nor paying attention to these great visions.
If running is a journey, I don't ever want to reach the destination.  I don't want there to be a finish line because it's in the journey that I learn, live and love -- I grow. It's in the  journey that I feel alive -- even when I feel pain.
On this Thanksgiving weekend please continue to give thanks but also receive some thanks for yourself, for you undoubtedly are the best you are capable of becoming.
One of the things I learned fairly early on in life is that the fastest way to future rewards is by following present joy.  Even when that doesn't seem to be true, acting from a centered, joyful place on a daily basis inside ensures that worst case, you are really enjoying your days
A common misconception is that sleep apnea, a condition characterized by complete or partial airway obstruction during sleep, only affects older, overweight men. This widely-held assumption is wrong.



We also need to better detect and treat mothers who suffer from depression. We have strong evidence that untreated depression in moms impairs their attachment to their children and is associated with these children developing behavioral and emotional problems in childhood. If the moms are properly treated not only do they do better, so do their kids.



Everyone has a different take on why the holidays are so stressful. For some people the holidays are too commercial, for others the holidays mean spending a lot of money and credit card debt. For some people, the holidays are a painful reminder of a loved one who is no longer there.
Through all of these feelings, I realize how important it is to be grateful for the little things in life. During the holidays, even if you don't celebrate, you feel the excitement and tension in the air.
Please respect the boundaries your loved ones, coworkers and acquaintances are putting forth. In a time already filled with so many stressors, do any of us really need more?


When I was first married, my mother sent along a recipe box filled with her favorite recipes, all handwritten in her familiar slanting cursive. It is the one thing of hers that I cherish most. I have a piece of her, her handwriting, an occasional Post-it note stuck to a recipe with additional helpful tips. It's as if she's still standing right there in my kitchen, a glass of wine in hand, and we're laughing about something silly we once did.


When trying to follow a weight-loss plan, the scale can be your worst enemy. It's a tricky device in tracking weight loss. These numbers don't reflect your accurate weight or your last meal.
The good memories we create now will warm our hearts through the bitter winter, and the possibilities for creating such experiences throughout the year are only limited by our imaginations. This is the time to establish habits that enrich our lives, and the world, every single day.

The holiday season can be a particularly difficult time for bereaved individuals because it is supposed to be a celebratory occasion when family and friends come together with great joy... But for those in mourning, it often brings home the realization that things will never be the same.

If you can get in a little walk or activity after the meal, that's great -0 even if it's just a few rounds of Wii games with your little cousins. But most importantly -- even if you definitely overindulged during the day -- let the meal be just one day.

Turning your body into a fat burning machine requires a few important factors
If you're adamant about staying on course over the holidays, there are a few things you can do to make sure you'll stay committed to your goals while also enjoying everything the holiday season has to offer -- including good food.
By all means, eat your heart out!
My perception of the world and the people around me is a mirror of my inner attitudes, core beliefs and old emotional wounds. Like so many, I considered my mind to be superior to my heart, and felt that being emotional and vulnerable was a weakness.
Imagine you are running through a field of grass feeling vibrant, looking healthy, and young. Now imagine that you are also disease-free and strong into your old age.  Don't both those images seem too good to be true?
A great course with scenic views certainly adds value to an event. And when that course is lined with hordes of enthusiastic fans cheering you on, well that's definitely a big plus, too.
In these chippy moments, it's easy to let the negative vibes take over and fall into a pattern of fatigue-and-frustration-induced nagging, yelling, and complaining guaranteed to create enough drama to ruin dinner and probably the day.
Our senses -- touch, smell, taste, seeing, hearing, and intuition -- are how we experience ourselves and others. When we are stressed, we lose access to our senses, and therefore lose our ability to connect intimately, and our partners may give up in frustration.
Essentially, each camp adheres to their diet with near religious fervor. And each can point to studies validating their point of view.\u00a0 We call this cherry picking. After reading dozens of studies on vegan and paleo diets, even I could get confused.
Thanksgiving is one of the most wonderful holiday's ever! It's all about family, great food, and giving thanks. This year, why not toast the holiday season by improving your health!
Eating fried onions from a can and MSG-laden condensed mushroom soup is NOT written in the laws of this cherished feast. With these healthier, whole foods-based Thanksgiving recipes, you can focus on stuffing the turkey, not yourself!


With Thanksgiving right around the corner, it is an excellent reminder of the importance that gratitude can play in our lives.

This changes the meaning of \eating to live.\


I'd talk myself out of my own feelings because they seemed so out of place to where everyone else was.  So I'd simply go along with it and only express my frustrations vaguely to a few select people in fear that my irritation was somehow \wrong.\
Efforts to reverse the recurrent trends require efforts of patients, the biomedical community, policy makers, health care providers and the media, all of whom should be aggressive and proactive about informing the public about the risks of heart disease for young women.
Your goal is to shift how you perceive and react to a button-pushing person. To do that, you need to replace the negative-seeking lens through which you view this person for a positive one.
As we enjoy our Thanksgiving turkey this year, we can be grateful that consumers and food producers are recognizing the importance of antibiotics. Furthermore, we should resolve in 2015 to keep fighting against the overuse of these drugs -- and for all of us whose lives may depend on them.

Actually, it is very easy to choose to live successfully one moment at a time and one day at a time.  Hold out your hand -- you are looking at five fingertips that represent five \tips\ from people who live successfully.
I longed for holiday joy but was faced with dread, self-loathing, and self-distrust. How could I be happy when I was a big fat failure? When I recovered, I studied the source of what robbed my holiday joy. I realized that we tend to set rules for ourselves instead of listening to our bodies.
You don't have to feel like an outsider this holiday season. Join the party and live full out. Just make sure you devote more time to your health than you do to your indulgences and then you can start your New Year without any guilt for how you ended this year.

I know I've said all these things at one time or another. But here's the thing
As humans, we're extremely visual creatures, so as you look upon the joyous gathering of friends and family prior to feasting, consider taking a moment to give thanks for your healthy eyesight as well.
I tried hot yoga and I tried Bikram. I found the reasons I thought I wouldn't like it weren't what I expected. In the process of trying, I learned more about myself, my practice, and why any of it really matters to me.
Vegans can be a fussy lot, turning the most serene of hosts into a bundle of nerves wondering how to put on a great party without offending someone's sensibilities. Vegans don't want to be relegated to the buffet table where they try to scrape together a meal from side dishes. Like everyone else at the feast, vegans would love to enjoy a hearty, fulfilling... and filling meal that nourishes them and respects their philosophy of \do no harm.\
Overeating commonly occurs when your mind is not aware that your body is being fueled. Allowing your mind and body to connect results in healthier portion control and a satisfied appetite.
An unexpected gift of running is that when you challenge yourself, and you dig deeper than you ever thought possible, you not only become immensely proud of yourself but also those who love you bear witness to the inner strength you have unearthed.
When something as tragic as suicide happens in your life, it's as if you now have a huge, heavy weight on your shoulders.  Over time, the weight may not get lighter, but your shoulders get stronger.
So often we think that we need more to be successful. More outside funding for our startup. More software programs or productivity tools to handle our to-do list. More business contacts, a bigger network. More clothes or cars or credit cards. But maybe what we really need is less
But here comes that annual mercury drop which forces us to confront very different -- and much fewer -- activity choices. Makes us end up sharing a much smaller place in our world, and a much closer, more visible one, indoors, with our co-tenants. And what does that do?
What does it mean to live a life true to yourself? What kind of things do you want to be doing on a daily basis? When you look back on your life on your deathbed, what achievements will you be proudest of?
Call me a yearner for a new main dish, that comes replete with new metaphors for what it means to be thankful, rich and satisfied. I want to feast and groan with gladness on enough, not too much.
Growing up I have been reminded to not let days slip by and not to put things off. My dad often reminded me that the clich\u00e9 \Youth is wasted on the young\ is something he didn't want me to regret too.
After surviving breast cancer about seven years ago, my mother-in-law (Becky, an amazing individual) found out that her cancer is back and has spread throughout her body and even into her bones. Needless to say, when those of us close to her got the news, we were stunned.

Your chubby teen self whom you felt ashamed of? She was also dynamic and witty. Your gay teen self you felt was a curse? He was also sensitive and intuitive. Your nerd teen self who seemed so odd? She was also funny and caring.
It's natural to crave heavier and warming foods this time of year. Combine letting loose at family gatherings with your body's inclination towards warming comfort foods and you've got yourself a recipe for overeating.
I realize that throughout life's challenges, my power has always been there. While I thought it was low, it was actually building up. Oprah's The Life You Want Weekend reenergized my spirit. I definitely left the arena feeling more empowered.

While products like e-cigarettes may offer current adult smokers a path to quit, nicotine consumption has no place in the lives of young people.
Nicotine addiction is a tough battle and often takes multiple quit attempts until you finally quit for good. In observance of the American Cancer Society's Great American Smokeout, which takes place today, here are the top 10 steps you can take to quit.


Most people aren't even aware of their negative thoughts. It's almost like they have just become a habit, so it seems normal to them. Here are 12 common toxic thoughts that you need to drop in order to have a better life:

Don't be afraid to look beyond traditional ideas of why you feel like dirt.  You don't have to travel to the rain forest to find a tribal healer, but do your research, talk to other people who've been through this and then find someone who'll listen.
All of us have witnessed a 'new' word be put into effect, only for it to take on the same shameful stigmatizing definition as its predecessor. I challenge you today to bring awareness to your word choice.
Those who stay slim don't follow diets or nutrition trends. They follow common sense eating strategies that keep them looking fit for life.
When we have a strong need for something, we're prone to falling into a \shrunken world\ and making irrational decisions. Having that awareness is key to breaking out of it.
The Beltway media and politicians continuously deride the Affordable Care Act and its legal and political challenges ahead. They also seemed to be ready to pounce if healthcare.gov did not work perfectly upon open enrollment on November 15. But what is virtually never discussed are the many benefits that the law has brought to millions of individuals and entire communities.
That's why I have to share the best of what I've learned here, (and included Dr. Joe on my online interview series with the top personal growth and wellness experts that changed my life -- this stuff is truly transformative.
Glenn Markman (aka Glenno) graciously and naturally taught those boys how to be men, how not to be afraid of laughter or tears. He exemplified how to life a joyful life. Here are some lessons I gleaned from Glenno...
Yes, egg freezing provides a sort-of insurance policy for successful pregnancy later in life -- but it is not the solution to our current state of fertility.  Rather, the solution is to educate and empower women and remind them to not give up hope on their body and its ability to conceive naturally.








I've learned as much about healing sleep from superb sleepers as I have from those struggling with sleep. Improving our sleep health is not just about avoiding dysfunctional sleep patterns and habits; it's also about re-envisioning ourselves as superb sleepers.
Just because you see people using a machine at the gym (or you've read about it in a fitness magazine) doesn't mean it's the best choice for your body and personal goals.
While I do believe that it is possible for individuals to go through a very difficult and transformational time of their lives and then re-emerge feeling stronger than ever before, I do not believe that the end feels like a safety net. I do not believe that there is an end.
Here are a few tips for choosing a healthy snack
To find the few studies that say people who burn the midnight oil and snooze until noon are smarter and perform better on cognitive tasks taken later in the day than early birds, you may have to pull an all-nighter.

Let's face it.  Some of us just don't DO mornings.  Our idea of a good morning is honestly, one where we can sleep in!  But reality calls -- and for many working parents, mornings seem absolutely frenetic.
The power lunch of today often takes place in your car. Going through the drive-thru to grab whatever you can, driving back to the office or your next client visit with one knee so you can eat with both hands.
The real truth is no one is actually contained by anything. As a species, mankind is not limited by anything other than personal thoughts and beliefs. No one's life is pre-determined by history, childhood, family, or economics.
The world told me that those who raise their hands often, speak up and engage in the class or in the meeting are the ones who are going somewhere, who have initiative and are team players. Those who go to parties every weekend and have 500 \closest friends\ are the ones who matter.

It doesn't matter what gender you are. Movember can be a great way to finally allow yourselves or your loved ones to open up and share any health concerns you may have, be they mental, physical, or preventative.
There is a world of difference between someone who inherently fears and mistrusts food to the point where they jeopardize their health and someone who is well-informed and aware of what they put into their body.

Resolve to put your personal stamp on the holidays this year. Break free from old, exhausting habits. Less stress, more pleasure. Wouldn't that be a miracle?



As patients and medical providers increasingly use online sources for information and support, Twitter offers a unique opportunity for young medical professionals like yourself to voice opinions and be heard in ways that otherwise would be challenging at such an early level of medical training.
A long day of shopping can be treacherous to your healthy lifestyle.  It can be difficult to make smart choices when surrounded by so much temptation.
My conversation with Stacy has a lot to do with overcoming obstacles. No one escapes facing detours but some seem more adept at overcoming them, while others appear to be overcome by them.
Until recently, suicide was viewed principally as a mental health problem, where it was felt that effective treatment of persons' psychiatric conditions or psychological issues would alleviate their suicidal thoughts and plans. However, many of us have viewed it as a fundamental public health problem as well as a mental health challenge.
In China one of the major brands of cigarettes is called Long Life. What better example of what I call the paradox of addiction?


I felt bitter at first that no one got the opportunity to know that I had discontinued all drug use and started a new life. But instead of wallowing in resentment, I decided to use my unique story as an opportunity to teach people about the daily struggles of a person who's addicted to heroin.
Since electing to do freelance creative work full-time this year, I've found several processes and practices to be incredibly valuable. If you find yourself in any realm of self-employment, perhaps these offer you some insights, or if nothing else, serve as positive affirmation.

Our story is our past, and our past is our story.  Much of the hurt we carry around with us is a stowaway from our past -- our inability to let go of what once was in order to grasp hold of what now is.





I share this letter because as part of the resiliency building process, I have built a network of support. That support has led me to find peace within and to realize all the good that came from the relationship I built and rebuilt with my mother.
It's no secret that habitually overeating and indulging in too many treats can potentially lead to weight gain, but there are a few other less obvious and unfavorable holiday habits that you may acquire over the course of the season.


One of my favorite definitions of humility is \being open to the possibility that things are other than the way I think them to be.\ In this sense, it is one of the absolute keys to change and an essential quality on the path to transformation.

Finding that balance between the world in my hand and the world in front of me is hard, but I think it's a balance worth chasing. Just as I want to give the people in my life my full attention when I'm with them, I want to give the world around me more of my full attention, too.

To free fall through this life knowing that you'll be all right, and that you can actually be happy even if you don't get that thing you want -- now, that's a huge leap of faith, and it brings with it tremendous freedom.
Patterns tell us what outcomes we can expect based on a given set conditions.  Although pattern recognition is commonly associated with computer science and engineering, it also applies to nature, people and social systems.
Who would have thought that these catchy lyrics from the 1946 Broadway musical Annie Get Your Gun would fit so perfectly into a conversation today about women and heart disease?

Even though each recovery journey is unique, more than three decades in this field has revealed a single best practice that I believe can benefit every eating disordered individual -- a multidisciplinary treatment team.
Whether you're in Australia, England, or America; blue-collared, white, or pink, we've all got 24 hours to work with. Success comes down to what we're able to do in those hours. While every entrepreneur would love to keep the sun from setting and adding hours to their day, there are strategies that will help maximize work habits and productivity.


Some of these risk factors -- namely, age and family history -- are entirely out of our control, which is why it's important to be diligent when it comes to preventive measures.





We are hurt by a loved one; we then have a choice. Are we going to focus on what went wrong, what was done, or who said what? Or are we going to work toward a place where we can think rationally and decide how we should proceed?


Here comes Mr. Lauer back into my life again, this time fighting the good fight against cancer for guys everywhere. So, fellas, let's all follow Matt's lead and sprout facial hair of our own this month, and send in your hard earned dollars to fight for our own male cancer cause.

Yes, I face challenges in my life as a result of the vestiges of thyroid cancer. There are days that I don't have the energy to get out of bed, but I do anyway. There are days that I can't think clearly, but I laugh about it and keep trying. Why? Because every day is a miracle to me.
Whether the glitch is in the value or the glitch is in the goal, we have several techniques in NLP to reconcile the two. When your values and goals are in alignment, you'll no longer feel frustrated as you pursue what you desire.
You have to change.  If you don't change, you're going to die. That is the chilling realization that prompted Gulf War Veteran Michael Nguyen to turn to mindfulness practice to save his life when PTSD was running it into the ground.

Of course, no food or diet can by itself prevent cancer. What maca and lycopene in tomatoes can do, as part of a healthy lifestyle, is help support your body's basic systems, boost your body's homeostasis, and help repair the destructive effects of aging.
I believe that mental illnesses like anxiety are real and they are illnesses. There should NOT be a stigma around them that keeps people like me white knuckling through their lives.


As you prepare to dive into this upcoming holiday season and prepare for a new year, I invite you to consider cutting down your to-do lists to a bare minimum and perhaps make your one and only resolution to stick only to the things on that list.


When you lose someone in your life who you love more than yourself, the experience will change you forever. I know I will never be the same. It will happen to most of us. and it's important to give yourself the permission and time to discover who you are following a great loss.
Let us remember that grieving is more than social media, too. It is an embrace of those living that allows the darkness of our souls to receive light; it is a touch of hands that guides us through our journey and an elevated prayer for those who have left us in God's perfect order.
The key is to motivation is to get people to appreciate and agree with the \why\ of the project or cause. Once the purpose of the project is clear, then you and everyone's relationship to the goal becomes more obvious.

Enter any bookstore, turn on the television, or flip through a magazine -- without a doubt you will be faced with shelves of diet books, commercials with celebrities touting unbelievable weight loss results or an advertisement for the latest fat-melting pill.
Losing a child is one of the worst experiences a person can go through.  The psychological research is consistent in finding that those who lose a child grieve for the longest, the most intensely, and with the most severe symptoms.
Everyone has heard how to prevent colds and the flu
Heartfulness meditation restores, uncovers, realizes our Heaven self. Inside simple inner peace there are worlds for us to discover. We don't have to take the word of others what the other side is like.  We find the love of the other side on this side, in our hearts, in a life of greater heartfulness.
If you are doing something radically different from the norm, pushing your comfort zone boundaries and looking to make a few waves, learn to recognize where you are in the three stages of transformation.
If you take a deep breath, pause and inhale the moments of this holiday season, I am confident that you will hear music differently, see acts of kindness and generosity all around you, you will not only see the needs and sadness of others but you will feel compelled to act.
Recent research shows that mind-body practices can be one effective way to treat insomnia and some of its symptoms.
Powerful people talk in a healthy way, combining the right blend of confidence and humility. They share authentically with their hearts and inspire others to action. Check out these things powerful people never say so you can become even more powerful.
We never say babies \fail\ when they fall. We accept that falling is a part of the process and that they will ultimately stand up and try again. The same holds true for life. Failure gives us the crucial lessons we need to find in order to stand stronger and find new avenues for success.


I spend every single day of my life painting - there is no day when I'm not being creative. Art is what makes this planet beautiful, and yes, it's a shame that artists live lives that are mostly unrecognized and underpaid - if paid at all. But this is my purpose.
Let's hope rich kids will find their way. But romping in a mountain of money like most kids play in a pile of leaves will not make it easy. As the developing cells of the teenage brain react to the world around them -- money does change everything.
The inadequacy of words that console is exacerbated when a child takes his or her own life. It's a loss that adds the additional burdens of unbearable remorse and unanswered questions to already grieving parents; the  general ambiguity heightens the pain and prolongs the grieving process.
In the early days there were only three full-time employees, and two of us would meditate at work each afternoon.  One day the third employee came in to my office and said, \I want what you have! I want to know more about this meditation you do, can I learn?\


if you say you love someone, and you really mean it, you better be prepared to back it up. That kind of love, the cosmic uprooting of every negative thought and preconceived notion, the ultimate gift, is unconditional, unrelenting and all-encompassing.
Brittany had a choice, and she chose. What gives the rest of us the authority to judge or praise?


Five years ago, I was diagnosed with thyroid cancer, and my life changed. At the time of diagnosis, I had a bolt of clarity that I needed to reassess my life, but the change didn't occur immediately or swiftly. For me, it has been a gradual process of learning, changing, and growing.
Here's what I say about it
We keep hearing about self-love and how to nurture and care for ourselves. Self-love is pretty straight forward. It is about taking care of our bodies and mind through time and practices of self-care.

Dietitians follow nutrition research, and our recommendations always stem from human clinical trials conducted at reputable universities and published in top-tier medical journals.
Big Soda's obscenely expensive winning streak has fizzled out. Berkeley, California has become the first city in the nation to pass a sugary drink tax specifically designed to reduce consumption.


You haven't felt well in a really long time. You've sat in your fair share of waiting rooms, taken a million tests, and filled more prescriptions than your medicine cabinet can comfortably hold. But you still haven't gotten to the bottom of your chronic health issues. Why isn't anything helping Maybe it's because your doctor isn't asking you the right questions.
If we are going to reverse this epidemic before it is too late, we must provide children with the knowledge to make healthy choices at young ages. Otherwise, who cares if kids know arithmetic and social studies if they don't live past their 35th birthdays?

Yoga is a solo affair and my well-being is mine to craft. No one else can actually do the work for me, but the path becomes easier when there is support around you to keep you chugging along, so that you don't drop off when you hit a low, or get too elated and lose track.
Early risers really do have a distinct advantage when it comes to mental clarity, acuity and energy. Simply put
Often when I introduce the idea of weight lifting to gym members the excuses I hear back are across the board. For women it's usually the fear of growing too big and muscular. Older people fear injury. And frankly, some people just have no idea where or how to begin.

Suddenly, seeds are everywhere -- beverages, bars, you name it. For little guys, seeds are nutritional powerhouses. But which ones deliver the health and body benefits you crave most? Some help. Tell us how you enjoy your super seeds in the comment section below!

Even though it's easier to believe we're the victims of our circumstances, it's empowering to take ownership of how the world around us impacts our well-being. Regardless of the situation you find yourself in, I believe that you always have a choice, and there are always things within your control that you can focus on.
y adding these essential ingredients into your daily routine, you will set your mind, body and spirit on a path lined with greater vitality, happiness and creativity. Try the 3M's for 30 days and see how it transforms your relationship with the world around you.

Now is the time for medical communities everywhere to examine existing processes critically, pursue thoughtful advances in how we deliver care, and promote a culture that engages staff in the improvement process. Taking care of patients is not only about the therapies we provide but also having the most effective care delivery systems possible. By that metric, American health care still has significant room to grow.
Even as the wars rage on, international relief groups and dedicated health professionals must start preparing to address the long-term needs of these children -- including restoration of their emotional health. We must create environments where the children know they are protected from exploitation and harm.
Practice becoming an observer of your thoughts. The human will is strengthened whenever we choose not to respond to every actionable thought.
There's nothing quite like a birthday to get you thinking about life. I'll turn 32 next month. Lately, I've been thinking there's something about this particular time in life I just want to bottle up. But what is it? I decided to ask some 30-something friends and colleagues to chime in too. Here's what we came up with.

There's so much in our lives that allow us to exist that we walk right by without noticing -- even our breath.  Today, more than you have in a while, feel that interconnectedness with the air, the soil, the sky. Be very, very aware of and in awe of the divine nature of this creation.
What I am trying to say is that when we were created to be different, why do we even try to fit in a certain mold? We think being the same is cool yet I think the beauty of the world lies in us all being \abnormal\!
When the mind is free to listen and learn, negative mindsets turn into positives energy, struggle and stress vanish and a happier and more fulfilling life will follow.
Ask yourself, what's my mission? What here is bigger than the fear? When you have that core, you can do the work that builds resilience. Examine and challenge your fear-based thoughts. Celebrate your little victories. Then go out and run your race.
Recovery is not negotiable. You can either make time to rest and rejuvenate now or make time to be sick and injured later. Keep your bucket full.

Owed to the end of Daylight Savings Time, many in the U.S. woke up this morning with a magical extra hour added to their day. I always hasten to point out how easy it is on that morning to notice, and pause for a moment to consider, two things.

As most of you know, I am not a fan of diets. The reason is that we follow a certain diet for a while, and then we fall off the wagon as we are unable to sustain it, and so often, end up discouraged. Better to adopt a healthy lifestyle you can sustain for the long haul.

The key to a successful life is to utilize your education, social connections, resume and pedigree to bring value to the world -- and the best way to fulfill this is by being an energetic contributor to the environment you are in.

In terms of working out, 128 BPM's dominance in pop music means that if you can find an exercise routine that approximates this pace, you'll never be short of new workout music. If you've already got fixed a routine, you can swap in any of the songs from that range and see how they fit.
Dreaming and waking up have puzzled and fascinated humanity since prehistoric times. Paleolithic cave paintings, according to some art historians, depict mental images from dreams and the borderland between sleep and wakefulness.
We asked two New York City instructors -- Kara Liotta, Master Instructor and Director of Training at FlyBarre, and Kristine Storie, instructor and owner of Xtend Barre -- for their favorite no-equipment moves.



Your words literally have creative power and the ability to transform your life. Many people don't realize that their level of success is directly connected to the words they are saying every day. In my office, we have a saying



While I've run across numerous effective strategies that successful people employ when faced with stress, what follows are 10 of the best. Some of these strategies may seem obvious, but the real challenge lies in recognizing when you need to use them...
The real questions for those of us working on this problem are
I highly recommend squeezing into those lycra leggings, dusting off your cap, and slipping on a slicker with some upbeat tunes and going out for a jog in the rain!  You too may feel refreshed and energized!



There was a woman standing next to me telling every runner that they were doing so well, looking so good, and were amazing. What a kind and generous spirit. Some runners responded with smiles and head shakes, but it helped all of them power through the next arduous mile.


Change is good. It doesn't always feel that way. Change actually can be quite difficult, and many of us struggle with it. Whether it's a big lifestyle change or slight alteration in routine, having to adapt sets us off our games.
The surgeons of the 4077th MASH unit may have been fictional, but they got one thing right

tell myself that while my feelings of anger, guilt, and selfishness are normal, they aren't where I should live my life. I love her. And that's enough. Love is always enough. It's a lesson that will probably take another 10 years to just begin to understand. So for now, when I hear those words, I'm ready to start accepting it for what it is, an act of grace and love.
On my end, I've written that my meditation practice has been my \saving grace.\ Okay, if I am going to be honest... it is stronger than that. It has saved my life. With my daughter, I probably would have lingered in a consistent state of depression. I've had bouts, but with my practice I could always get out of it.
Whether we hear the news on our way to work, read it over breakfast, or see it regurgitated and analyzed repeatedly through our online and social media channels, it seems inescapable. And like it or not, it infuses itself into our psyche, taking direct aim at how we feel and react.
Just as children are not miniature adults, pediatric cancers aren't small adult cancers.  The distinct biology of pediatric brain cancer means it often needs different treatment and can also give us insights into the origins and cures to all cancers


This year, the expo portion of the event drew more than 350 food and nutrition related exhibitors. It's here that new products and innovations are launched and food trends come to life.
Have the courage to challenge yourself
But none of these are who you are. The authentic you is the you that can be found at your absolute core. Like peeling back the layers of an artichoke, you need to go deep inside to find the answers.
I'll get all set and all comfy... and then that bright, glaring sunshine busts through the curtains, makes its way across the floor and lands squarely on my conscience, convincing me that I'm lazy for not basking in it.
We can certainly influence others with our love, peace and joy, but even that does not give us control. A major part of inner healing is learning to accept our lack of control over others' intent to learn or protect.


To solve this crisis, we first let go of the lie that obesity is a matter of choice. That lie is wrong, it is hurtful, and it distracts us from real solutions.




Solitude isn't about cutting yourself off from humanity, or hiding out in a cabin in the woods. It's about balancing stimulation and rest so that you're not a scary stranger to yourself. A deep, sustaining confidence comes from knowing you can be good company to yourself.
If you love your body more than the clothing it's dressed in, keeping up with these fashion trends doesn't have to take a toll on your health.
Allowing others to shine a light on our blind spots, particularly with respect to our faults, teaches us how to become better conversationalists, better listeners, and ultimately, better people in general. What we learn about our blind spots may not always be pleasant, but it can open up a whole new world we never even knew existed.


The new generation of women at work has been peeled, prodded and parsed from every angle -- their education, their numbers, their issues, their needs, their frustrations. But you would be hard-pressed to find one illuminating equivalent study on the male side of the gender divide.


Given his success, it stands to reason that Buffett has an excellent understanding of how to spend his time each day. From a monetary perspective, you could say that he manages his time better than anyone else.

These dimples in my skin represent the meals and belly laughs I now share with friends. They represent the time and energy I have claimed and now use to focus on my goal and dreams instead of ever-thinner thighs.
I don't know what people with spinal cord injuries are being told today. I know that this research opens up people's minds and hearts and make give them hope.
When we challenge ourselves to not \fat talk,\ we give an incredible gift to our daughters, our family members and our friends. Casually engaging in fat talk with our friends actually reinforces painful body shame and the dieting mind, despite our best intentions.






Here's the secret
A dieting concept that is more than 80 years old and should have been laughed out of existence now suddenly may have some validity. The concept is grapefruit juice.
My labels aren't what make me who I am or how I experience my mental health or lack thereof.  My labels just give my treatment team an idea of where I fall on the spectrum and help them to decide various strategies for recovery.

Researchers have begun to investigate the phenomenon of Internet infidelity, and some of this research is very informative, especially since it appears to confirm that \infidelity is infidelity\ regardless of where and how it starts and where it leads to.
Knowledge about these variations in the origin of depression is an important starting point to gain a better understanding and to make a quicker determination about an individual who might be affected by depression.
If someone with Ebola sneezes and you get snot on your arm, then you have had direct contact with the virus. If someone sneezes in the room with you, and you do not get sneezed on directly, you wouldn't be exposed.
People rarely snack out of hunger. Instead, you bomb a big presentation, then you have an argument with your significant other, so you assuage your frustration with a big gooey cinnamon bun your coworker left in the break room.

Too often, companies entice consumers into purchasing health care products based on deceptive advertisements that overstate the potential benefits of the products and omit key information about risks.
Two years after Superstorm Sandy hit New York, many individuals, families and communities have recovered, but others are still struggling. The damage wrought by Sandy disrupted thousands of lives and brought communities together in a show of strength, support and resilience.
On September 17, 2014, Jacob George, just 32 years old, took his own life. It was not an act of cowardice or selfishness on his part, but a failing on ours.  We failed Jacob as a community of veterans and a country as a whole.
They asked me to support their efforts to launch a campaign in the fight against breast cancer, and when I politely declined, they were surprised. They had assumed that as a cancer survivor myself, I would be fervently supportive of their efforts to fight the war against cancer.
Nowadays quitting is too often associated with failure -- whether it is a relationship, a job or a project. If you think this way, you are wrong. Being able to quit something that hasn't been making you happy for a long time -- despite all your efforts -- is strength.
Jim's tragedy seemed insulting to my already-injured family. Jim died on Sept. 5; my mom died on Sept. 7. She was 46 and I was 15. Jim was 47 and his oldest child was 15. History, cruel beast, had repeated herself in a mocking chorus of eerie parallels.






Imagine being pregnant while having a chronic health condition such as diabetes, hypertension, depression or asthma, or being diagnosed with an illness while pregnant. Amazingly, your doctor may not know exactly what treatments or drugs, or what dose, will work best for you. This is a reality faced by American women every day.

The practice of open-mindedness and reflection is enormously valuable particularly in our close relationships. But I won't kid you, it can be very difficult for those of us who have been attached to being right. It is freeing, but humbling.
There are many things for which we owe the Greeks

ICE stands for \in case of emergency.\ All hospital, police, firemen and paramedics know what ICE means.  If something happens to you or someone you love, emergency personnel will search your phone for a contact called ICE.
It was the first time that day that I had literally stopped and sat in complete stillness, alone. There were no voices or televisions (which I've truly gotten away from). It was still enough to hear the cricket's call which reminded me of the book.

Have you ever felt defenseless at the hands of someone else? If so, how does it feel?  Fear often sets in first, intimidation next; forced to submit, we often feel trapped. Trapped in a metaphorical cage with nowhere to run can be terrifying.
We can only hope that the \giants\ of medicine -- once young pioneers themselves in the face of change -- will be kind to us young physicians as we continue to define our unique identity in the face the a seemingly telescopic transformation of the field of medicine.

Vertical time is a life practice as we find what we want more and more in this moment. There are worlds and worlds, realms upon realms for us to know and enjoy as vertical time unfolds within each of us.
Ready for a total-body workout? Here are nine strength-training moves you can use in one workout to get started.

Especially if you're shy or tend to be anxious, those first date jitters can translate into full blown dating anxiety, which can be paralyzing. The days and hours leading up to a date can be worry-filled, and you may even avoid dating altogether if it's too intense.
Turning your home into a place of balance and harmony is not a new idea, but it's certainly a timeless one. Give yourself a gift. Apply these small changes, and see what happens to your life.
Childhood is a time of life when learning is more intense than at any other, when children gain the critical knowledge and skills that can help ensure that the human species as a whole remains adaptable.
With so little known about the Ebola virus, as a public health decision, it may be prudent to extend the quarantine or observation period.

I urge you to get informed about your own body and the technology available to you. So many of us make our children, our partners, and our jobs our priority. But today is the day to do something for yourself and get informed about your own health.
I mourn the person that I could have been had I not been too stubborn and ashamed to seek help and hurt when I think of how many years of suffering I could have avoided.
We love to share our running goals and achievements in hopes of finding encouragement along the way, or possibly inspiring others to chase their own dreams. Nothing shines brighter on the mantel of running rewards than the marathon finisher's medal.
The point is that you become empowered by doing. You end up feeling more excited about actually taking action than how it turns out, because you actually start participating in your own life.



The idea of running into a burning building or being faced with armed criminals is a risk we can readily understand, but being a health care worker is less tenable to us in the risks that they too face every day. For it is not often that they can see what they need to avoid.






Set realistic goals for finishing. Make sure they are doable and within reach.  If you're a 10-minute miler, then don't set and run at an eight-minute pace starting out.  Remember, it truly isn't a sprint -- it's literally a marathon.
Listen to your body -- if you are feeling strained or tired, it's time to take a break. It's better to take the extra time to prepare yourself and do it the right way than to spend weeks with a hurt back. I wish you all a safe and happy winter season!

Facing impostor feelings can be challenging, but speaking with mentors, recognizing your personal expertise, using strategies to replace current negative habits with more positive, beneficial patterns will bring you to a more optimistic experience so you can enjoy your well-earned successes.
I spent many years doing a job I didn't love. I was good at it. I was successful at it. But, it didn't fulfill me and it consumed my life and my time. What I did learn from that job were many skills and knowledge that carried me into my true purpose.
Here's a chance to turn that sofa into your playground, making the night-in movie your fitness aid. If you want to have your cake and eat it, this is the perfect way to start.
I can't find much to complain about. Sometimes life is so good that I even forget I suffer from depression -- until it smacks me in the face, all like, \Hey, don't forget about me. I'm still here.\
There's too much going on in the world at large and in our own worlds to bear the weight alone. We shouldn't try to. We can't.
When we are faced with crisis situations of this magnitude, we get anxious and excessively worry that our sense of safety and security is threatened. We become fearful for ourselves and for our loved ones.


Maybe it was a miracle. Maybe I'm just remarkably stubborn. But all I can say is before that Tuesday I was depressed, and every day after I was just very sad -- until I wasn't anymore.


I always like to remind myself that life is about balance. In this case, you want to strike a balance between information and action. It's important to stay current on advances in health and fitness trends; your health is truly the foundation for the rest of your life's endeavors.
Your work is affecting your sex life one way or another. The effect it has is up to you, and largely the type of job you have. If you are in a job you hate, which is 87 percent of us, according to the Washington Post, it could destroy your sex life. Here's five ways how.



I was suddenly overwhelmed by this peacefulness throughout my being. With so much outside of my control which was very difficult for my Type A personality tendencies, all I knew was of the present moment.



Now is a perfect time to issue a wake-up call to health care professionals who treat adult patients. Adults are not just grown up children, and they need vaccines, too. So what needs to happen to change this picture?
When you turn off your devices early in the evening, and exile them from your bedroom at night, you'll sleep better. Better yet, you could stay thinner and healthier. And don't worry
My hammock is sacred to me
I placed the empty glass under the spout but was confused about what to do next.  I kept starting to put my finger on the button to dispense the water and then pulling it away.  Finally it occurred to me to capture the damned water and pour it into plastic.
Life is not meant to be lived in one place -- and by that I am not referring to physical local, but to the level of growth or understanding we have reached.
Do not ruin the experience of life by worrying all the time about eating unhealthy or not exercising. Healthy living is not a 5K race but a marathon -- being healthy is about long-term habits.

Grab hold of your star, strive for greatness rather than fame, honor your contribution to your loved ones and the world and be proud of the celebrity you already are. Being the star of your own show is a true measure of success.
Now, if you do dream about actual money, that doesn't necessarily mean that you are coming into financial wealth (sorry -- don't shoot the messenger). Remember, our dreams speak in the language of symbols.
After 20 years of counseling clients and working on my own psycho-spiritual journey, I recommend the following ways to choose happiness...
About six months later, I woke up one morning in the law school parking lot unsure of how I'd got there. I remembered leaving home, but couldn't recall arriving at school. I'd gotten 10 hours of sleep the night before. For the first time, I thought
From where I live now, I am thankful that I cannot reach for a spray or lozenge that will make it go away. No -- I'm kidding -- I'd kill for that. But in the absence of that easy fix, I have a new perspective and appreciation for my body and its frailty.

None of us is perfect; most of us are doing the best we can. So keep searching for a part of someone that you can empathize with, even when it's a stretch. You may not always succeed, but keep trying.
Fear, and not lack of self-discipline, (or lack of organizational skills) is what prevents us from making our dreams manifest. We are often motivated to create to derive a sense of validation and purpose
When your yoga teacher, or the one that lives within you, stokes in that space of in-between-ness, we become greater than the sum of our parts. Again. Connected in an interconnected matrix of breath.
I think the big division between science and spirituality could be narrowed by a clearer definition of our words. Our vocabulary doesn't serve us well. Don't let the foibles of our vocabulary prevent you from respecting the beliefs of others as long as they respect and honor yours.
Technology may offer us the hardware and the software to connect. But then, real connection, it seems to me, will only happen if we use our heart-ware. So how connected are you?
I've decided to take yet another page out of Nick Harkaway's book. I'm going to draw lines on my hand. It may start as a single line. It may grow to a V. Maybe someday it'll even grow to a triangle or a pyramid. It's foreign to me, but I'll try a little optimism.

You may not live forever, but you can live a longer, healthier and more fulfilled life, and at the same time make this world a little better place in which to live.


I'm a regular person with a job, family commitments and time constraints like everyone else.  Managing one's own health is a process requiring time and effort, but it's for something very important -- your own well-being.

My experience with aha moments has always been drastically life-changing. I would wait for God to give me a sign and then I'd act on it.
It's a shame you have to relocate to die on your terms. But for those who are terminally ill who want to focus on the quality of their rest of their lives rather than worry about the prolonged pain of dying, it is a choice they make to put themselves and their loved ones at ease.
I want joy, peace, contentment, hope, and happiness to be my motivation, to be my source of thoughts and emotions. I need to keep building up this sense of conquering; I need to gather my fuel. I need to keep doing.
The good news is that not every unexpected experience has been about escaping death. Instead, several have brought unexpected lessons for a happier life. Three recent lessons have proven themselves to be particularly happiness-building. I present them to you now..
My writing journey started a little over two years ago by having a willingness to publicly risk myself.  Over the last year, I've learned that achieving a dream starts with an idea, builds with a desire, increases with taking chances, and is achieved through commitment.
It has been said that measure of a society is its humane attention to the sick and vulnerable. When real reform, transformation, comes to mental health and addiction services we will meet that moral and ethical standard -- and we will be able to serve so many in need.
We all face things in our lives that are subtle and dangerous, and they're even more dangerous when we ignore or don't understand them. The deadliest threat to success for each of us is different, but it's there, lurking underneath the still waters of our daily lives.

Conversations about serendipity, synchronicity, and chance encounters are never ending and have been going on for hundreds of years. That's because most treasures in life come in accidental occurrences.
No matter what choices life throws at you keep following your path, refuse to settle, and walk your road your way, it makes all the difference.
One of the foundational principles I use while helping my clients is identifying and owning their feelings of worthiness and being good enough about who they are and what they stand for. It is from this place of self-worth that your internal genius shows up so you can truly offer your gifts to the world.

Love does not allow ourselves to be taken advantage of; love creates healthy boundaries, knows when to say no, and is staying present to what serves our highest good and what does not. Love isn't weak or confused; love is strong and clear.
When the unthinkable happens, the first impulse is to believe that all is lost. When we lose our parents, we feel as though we've lost a big part of our past. When we lose a child -- especially our only child -- we feel as though we've lost our future.
Living with a chronic mental illness often feels like waiting for the other shoe to drop. I've been struggling for a while, but I'm finally coming around to admitting it. Despite seeing therapists on and off for nearly 10 years, I still find it hard to communicate how I feel. But even more difficult is being honest with myself about how I am feeling.
If we want people to make carefully-considered moral choices, and if we want them to spot unethical behavior in others, then sleep needs to be a priority.

Hate the dreadmill? These high-intensity interval routines will challenge your body and your brain, boosting your fitness level as the minutes fly by.

When you're helping someone build resilience, you're a witness, guide, and resource while that person undergoes the struggle. What you want is for your teen to come through the academic pressure or the break up of a friendship with a stronger sense of self and belief in his or her abilities.


Once you have mastered a liking for these healthier food options, the next logical step is to prepare in the best way for maximum nutrient density!
Happiness, health and success are three things most of us want. The old school of thought is if you chase success and achieve it, you will be happy (however you define it). Turns out, that's backward.

Before you contemplate moving to a farm, selling your smartphone on eBay, raising chickens and goats and cutting technology out of your life forever despite your love of selfies, WAIT -- there's a solution.
Because their sole purpose is to track steps, pedometers show even the smallest changes in physical activity. You can't get distracted by other bells and whistles, so instead you'll see the difference taking the stairs instead of the elevator truly makes.

Evidence of the strong bias against homeopathy and against an objective encyclopedic tone is evident throughout the article.  I will first focus on the second sentence of the first paragraph of the article and the 6 references which purport to substantiate these claims:
For people in certain careers, a desk is something you literally can't escape. While working at a call center, trading on a computer, or managing a welcome desk, you can't do your job unless you are planted at you desk.



Let's clear up one huge misconception right here

Both Brittany and Kara write beautiful justifications for their positions on life (and death), and I admire both women -- Brittany for taking ownership of her life and the way she wants it to end, and Kara for fighting to be present with her family and to find ultimate meaning in her suffering.

When you notice a positive feeling, try consciously inviting it to stay a while longer. Imagine the feeling growing and expanding. Don't force it, just allow it to stay for as long as possible.

Pay attention to you. Change things that are not working for you. Have the courage to question; you will find many others that are right there with you.
Of course when you're new to anything, be it fitness-related or not, you're bound to have tons of questions. Aside from running-specific advice, there's nutrition, gear, and sports psychology to consider!
How do can adults help equip teenagers with the means to deal with the increasingly stressful situations of this day and age?

Trying too hard pushes the thing you want to achieve, further away. By forcing it and trying desperately to make it work, you cut off the flow of inspiration and energy. You allow frustration to settle in and when that happens, the fight gets harder.

The father had no idea that evening was the last time he would hold his son, and that would be their last conversation.  He thought they had made real progress with the phone call and that his son was on the path to recovery.  But unfortunately he was wrong.
On Thursday I got a voicemail. It was the sweetest voice I had ever heard




And since I know my life is pretty much in the hands of a higher power, I set intentions that these conversations and connections lead me to whoever I'd be a rockstar with.
Grit is having both the passion and the perseverance to achieve a goal, and grit often predicts who achieves the highest levels of success in school and at work.



Jumping at one's own shadow is a perfect metaphor for living with post-traumatic stress disorder. A darkness that sets up permanent camp in your peripheral vision and won't go away, no matter how much sage you burn, or how many gods you pray to.
In this way, the secret to making boring work memorable is to harness the students' and workers' curiosity about something they are already motivated to learn.
The effects of domestic violence last a lifetime and there is never a time that I will be completely 'over it'.  Nor will my children.  It is like a scar that is healing, but never fully healed
Let's advocate for together for the men in our lives to begin to turn around the deadly consequences of the lack of awareness of breast cancer among men, the medical professional and the society as a whole.
So stop exercising, and pick up a shovel to get your garden ready for next year. Hike with friends up the mountain. Dance by the seaside, and let the sound of the waves stir your heart. Soak up the clean, refreshing air, and deepen your appreciation for the gifts of the natural world.


To this day, I still catch myself closing the fridge door or turning off a light, and I'll pause and stare at it for a few seconds... telling myself that the door is closed or that the light is off.



I have spent the past three years saying NO to my boyfriend, then fianc\u00e9 and now husband's \Can we please get a dog?\ I said it so many times that I just stopped saying it and created a look that communicated the same message. It was not a pleasant look.




Taking on heart disease and stroke -- the leading causes of death in the world -- has become a rite of passage for kids in this Rochester suburb. \One of the first questions the incoming third grade students ask is, 'When is Jump Rope For Heart?'\



I begged him to stop and kept him on the line until he promised he wouldn't do it. \I'll call you back. I love you,\ he said, hanging up. I believed him. When I learned that he had died, the call haunted me.
US-based organizations are strapping up and wading through the worst Ebola-stricken areas for the noble sake of ending its devastating impact on humanity. Or is it for the sake of protecting ourselves? Does intent even matter?
To be sure, many men who hit or emotionally abuse their partners were themselves abused as kids, but many men have also risen above their brutal childhoods and broken that cycle.  Being abused doesn't automatically make you an abuser.
At times we can find these patterns to be somewhat unproductive and, at others, wholly destructive. When confronted with either circumstance, we are also provided with an invitation to change.
I was broke -- financially, emotionally and mentally. I kept on running though because I wasn't able to cover my own bills. I thought if I just kept on going, things would change.

There are a TON of foods out there that somehow have earned the moniker of \healthy\ foods. Now, with some of these, sure, there's plenty of nutritional value, but that doesn't make them a \freebie.\
Perfectionism is rigid. Surrender and acceptance are flexible. Flexibility is a portal into flow. Flow is where the beauty of this life resides.
There's increasing real evidence -- not just anecdotal -- for the bio-psychosocial relationship between stress, insomnia and depression, and the recurring, circular nature of these three unhealthy and unhappy states of mind and body.

Running has become the unofficial go-to cardio workout. With so many benefits, there couldn't possibly be a better workout out there, right? Well, there just might be a more effective workout for you.





Sometimes I think there are as many ways of describing mindfulness as there are brands of shampoo. This can be confusing. So we asked many of the experts we interviewed to put it in their own words. Here is what they told us.
On the whole, Top 40 tracks dominate this month's list. But, there should also be enough alternate versions -- plus some crossover hits from upstarts like Kongos and Echosmith -- to keep things interesting.
No matter what time period or geographical location we are talking about, if people always knew what their dreams meant, without having to consult anyone else, there might not be as much potential for healing to occur by working with dreams socially. Could one of the social purposes of dreaming be to bring people together?





Spread the word, challenge your friends and family to go on the wagon for #14DAYS and be in solidarity with those of us who walk this path perhaps first out of necessity, but then hopefully out of love.
The risk features involve power, privilege and prestige, the value placed on group membership, the prioritization of group loyalty, the impulse to protect an image, and an institutional sense of righteousness and entitlement.


Your thoughts and emotions served you naturally and effortlessly. Suddenly there was an explosion of emotional understanding that lasts for a lifetime. The person who understands this secret lives his whole life with a youthful mind.
Ready or not

It's hard to own up to this stuff, but I want to make the point that having an eating disorder isn't some sort of win. It's isolating, exhausting -- they screw you physically and emotionally, and they siphon the joy out of life. And the joy out of the people closest to you. They suck.
Here are some ways to start each day with a step toward mindful living. These are methods I put into practice in my own life and methods I have recommended to others over the years as a parenting and human behavior expert.

A few minutes of movement can work wonders for your body and mind. You do not have to change into your gym clothes and sweat it out. You don't even have to lay on a mat.



Believe in yourself, and you will find happiness. Don't listen to the haters or those that will try to hold you back in life. Stop letting self-limiting beliefs win -- they have won for far too long!
This is the 21st century. We need to apply our preventive focus to more than assuring we can swim in waters like the Hudson without it being a threat to our lives. We need this river to become a symbol of how we ended drowning and suicides, not a tragic reminder of the failure of prevention.


You might be thinking that it's silly to worry about your looks when you're running a race, but keeping your beauty routine in mind pre and post run can be healthier and beneficial in the long term (and, of course, help you look gorgeous in those post-race photo ops). Here's what you need to know.
A big part of this running thing is mental, so be confident in the foods you use to fuel your feet. Stop thinking \diet\ and start thinking \nutrition.\ You can certainly try someone else's running meal plan that appeals to you, but empower yourself to make it your own.

It is easy to talk about introverts and extroverts as if there is a clear divide between two groups of people. It is easy to take a test and pigeonhole ourselves as one or the other. In reality, we ignore the power of the situation.
6.2 miles is not so far that it intimidates new runners, but it's far enough to qualify as a worthy goal -- whether you're a newbie or seasoned pro. If you relate more with the former, fear not. With the right training plan and mindset, you'll arrive at the starting line prepped, ready, and injury-free.


The courage to move forward. A dedication which inspires us all. The hope for a better tomorrow. September marks National Childhood Cancer Awareness Month and today the story of one young lady who is finding her way out of the darkness.



I could have walked out of that yoga class and never gone back. I could have continued on my path of embracing all things yoga except the actual practice of yoga, but instead I am sitting with my discomfort (and intermittent embarrassment), and letting my Chakras evolve at their own pace.
My fight continues. I will earn my happiness. I will earn my body. One victory at a time. I don't have it all figured out and probably never will. My journey is imperfect, and that's the beauty of it. I'm just like every other woman out there trying to lose weight. I'm perfectly imperfect.
We tend to encase ourselves within a narrow perspective, a limited vision, of ourselves in life situations. Being able to step \outside\ of ourselves expands our view of what we're capable of.



Thanks to those sturdy harnesses, the instructors were able to alleviate some of our body weight just by holding onto our safety ropes, leaving the bulk of the work on me to perform the motions rather than hold myself up on the bar -- honestly, it was much easier than it looks.
Physical or sexual abuse, verbal abuse, nonverbal intimidation, financial exploitation and neglect can end up, directly or indirectly, causing a chronic disease.  Addressing the full implications of domestic violence may prevent or lower that risk, ultimately saving money, time and, most importantly, lives.


Without question, my work is challenging. The time I spend with my patients, however, inspires me daily by giving meaning to my life as we work together to overcome adversity. And I hope I in turn am bringing meaning to the lives of others.

If a condition, even Ebola, threatens your life, be courageous, be informed, and be prepared to make a decision that could help you survive.

I happen to believe that you can live a \fairy tale\ life, but I prefer not to use the term \fairy tale.\ I think it implies that something is unattainable through normal channels. On the other hand, I believe it is perfectly possible to live a dream life.
Unfortunately, a day of overeating is typically followed by setbacks such as fatigue, headaches, and lack of energy.  This can be attributed to processed foods and beverages that contain high amounts of sugar and sodium.
The butt is a powerful tool. The muscles in our backsides help with everything from climbing stairs to running marathons and that's just the beginning.
No one jumps out of bed in the morning, throws off the covers, and dashes off with excitement to do something they dread.
So instead of avoiding difficult conversations, it's time to start confronting people in a constructive way. In this article I'll show you exactly how to do that.

Whether you are starting off for the first time away from home, parents facing an empty nest this fall, or just looking for new ways to cope with stress, these tips are for you! So how can you re-regulate when you're feeling lonely, cranky, or down in the dumps?
Whether you're determined to finally reach the goal weight you set out to achieve several months back, or a lapse in your regular healthy habits led you to gain a few extra pounds, getting rid of that bit of extra body fat can be quite challenging.
Light is one of the biggest influences on your body's natural clock, so use natural light and sunshades to your advantage. Regulating light exposure can help you feel better and adjust faster. But it's not as simple as being in the light during the day and in the dark at night, at least not initially. You need to know your east from your west.



Running has traditionally been a pretty solo sport. When racing, its typical to leave friends at the start line and pound the pavement alone until reconnecting in the finisher's area. However, relays have been gaining popularity over the past several years and are turning running into more of a team endeavor than ever before.



The Mediterranean countries have the highest childhood overweight and obesity prevalence in Europe and the recent economic crisis can only exacerbate the situation, due to the known link between overweight and a lower socio-economic status.



In the beginning, I worked as a personal trainer. Despite following the rules, many of my clients couldn't ditch that stubborn weight. I knew these people weren't cheating, so I began to wonder why those rules weren't working.
Don't get me wrong

This may sound extremely contradictory, but when you find yourself crazed, anxious, stressed, and just a tad (okay, maybe insanely) overwhelmed, one of the best things you can do for yourself is slow down.
If you believe the idea of life being joy-centered is a falsehood, you have bought the snake oil of disillusionment, and you are probably still taking a tablespoonful of its bitterness every morning. My recommendation is to skip a day, open up to the possibility of joy, and see how you feel.
The amount of time that we spend in the early stages of this process and the slope of the learning curve has to do with our willingness and ability to learn the lessons that relationships are continually providing us with.
Why are some people cheap? It's definitely not a gender thing. I've known incredibly cheap men and extraordinarily generous women. And the other way around. I just had coffee with a female colleague and when the bill came she said, \Oh, let's just split this. What's half of $33.35?\
Our love affair with soda is slowly changing from infatuation to a love/hate relationship. We know it isn't good for us, we know that diet soda has its own dangers -- but it's hard to put down. Maybe these surprising facts will help you cut the cola cord once and for all.
So you're cranky. You don't know why exactly, but you're running on a short fuse. We all have those days -- days when we're worried, stressed out or angry. I definitely know those days! The below five steps are methods I've used get out of a funk, and they may help you as well.

You are a student whether you recognize it or not. Learning goes far beyond formal education and as adults we continue to soak up information in all avenues of life. People who live big are careful and conscious about choosing the sources of their information.

My future self will have things to tell the present me. Now these aren't going to be the Top Five Regrets of the Dying, because I won't be dying, I will be living a meaningful and fulfilled life. Here is what my experienced, love-filled, wisdom-full self would tell me...
Cooler weather certainly stirs the craving for warmer foods. And isn't it funny that warmer foods conjure up steaming mashed potatoes, cheesy macaroni, and not necessarily a bowl of steamed carrots?
I have loved the term \diabetical\ since the matriarch of Tyler Perry's Madea movie franchise first coined the phrase. The term masterfully highlights the diabolical nature of the disease, which has now become a worldwide public health crisis.
Imagine a seesaw.  When one side becomes too heavy, it means the other side is not heavy enough.  In other words, by becoming too extreme in one area of our lives, we are surely neglecting something else.
If we want to slay this beast of a public health emergency, we cannot let suicide, depression, and other brain health challenges hide behind closed doors. Our only choice is to continue to build dialogue, so that we may break down the lethal secrecy and shame that surround these issues.
As controllers of technology, individually and collectively, we must balance technological connection with disconnection, have the discipline to lose ourselves in our unconscious minds, and have the focus to listen to our souls.
I have taught the asanas of yoga for 13 years. Yoga and I have had a tumultuous relationship. At one point, I even thought we'd have to break up. But somehow we managed to not quit one another and now our connection is deeper than I could have ever imagined. I learn from it every time I step on the mat and every time I apply it off the mat.
A study out last week in the top-tier journal Nature told us that non-caloric artificial sweeteners (NAS) may contribute to glucose intolerance by mucking up our microbiomes. That's a serious indictment, since these products are intended to help defend against glucose intolerance, and other ills related to diabetes risk and weight gain.



After you've gone within and connected to your guidance and answers you can move out into your life and relationships, with heart-centered conversations and make decisions that empower you.
If you fell off the training wagon this summer, don't fret, there is still hope for a great race day! As long as you have a reasonable foundation of fitness, you can prepare for a race in about a month's time -- and steer clear of injury in the process.
Know that life will hand you a stink every once in a while. Accept and feel your stink. Respond to it and remember it. And know that life's stinks are just part of the game. And you can handle it just fine.

So, there's no scientific consensus about how the phases of the moon might affect our sleeping lives. One thing is more certain
Do you have a purpose-driven life?  Or are you among the multitude of regular Joe's who have not identified or achieved their purpose? Because you are living without or in search of purpose, you are therefore inferior to those who are driven toward some great plan. Right?

I believe people when they tell me their lives are unmanageably busy. But I also have seen that what people believe about leisure and relaxation has a far greater impact on their well-being than a packed calendar alone.


You are not alone on this journey of amazing living and claiming the fullness of your life experience. We are all in this together, and together we can bust through these self-imposed limitations and glass ceilings, and step further into the light of who we really are.

What type of person do you want to be? The one that is happy and has a blast during the process of attaining a goal, or the one that can only be happy until a desired outcome has arrived.




Seemingly, progress is being made toward a world where, legally and socially, it's understood that all people have a right to be respected. Except, perhaps, those who are overweight. Sadly there are still many people who make fun of, shame or otherwise mistreat others who weigh more than they do.


When we attempt to divorce ourselves from pain, we end up feeling nothing pleasurable or meaningful at all. When we better understand, tolerate, and harness distressing thoughts and feelings, and become aware of the situations when they are helpful, we become empowered.
I'm the crystal/ I'm the light/ Inextinguishable and bright
If you don't know what you're talking about, stop talking.  In the silence that ensues, you just might hear something real, beautiful, and true.
Somewhere along the line. like many concepts in the fitness and wellness industry, what it actually takes to achieve what we call \ripped abs\ has been somewhat distorted. What we're really talking about here is getting your body to a state of leanness where then you actually see the definition of your abdominal musculature.
Five convicted felons I met served their time and are not now out of prison. After being released, they ended up in very different life situations, ranging from bright to bleak. Regardless of your situation, these five lessons can make the difference between a promising or a bleak future.
New research is demonstrating that our ability to succeed at a task may well depend on how exciting and valuable we expect that task to be.



Transitioning from your present reality, toward that dream, is much like moving into your dream house -- packing and sorting through junk isn't easy, but necessary.
Depression is a disease, not a weakness, and suicide is its tragic consequence. By taking a few simple steps, primary care providers can better identify depression and ensure that patients receive needed treatment.
Images of flawless apples seem to be an iconic representation of the fall season. They illustrate the ushering in of colder weather, the new school year, and the changing season.


I don't want money in the bank, power or fame to determine my success, but the ability to wake up feeling fresh, and to genuinely smile each day to focus on my direction with clarity.


This week, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration made headlines for its approval of another obesity drug. News outlets worked hard to translate the meaning of this story, but they left out something important
I like to talk to patients and ask them how best to explain complicated medical information, so that every individual can have the information he or she needs to make the best decisions for him -- or herself.

In order to make others love you, you've got to love yourself. In order to make others appreciate you, you've got to appreciate yourself. Every change starts from within, why not start with adding some love for yourself. Love begets love.
Suicide is never an easy thing to talk about, to prevent, or to understand. But recognizing the risk factors is an important step. During this year's observance of Suicide Prevention Month, we should work to draw more attention to the link between suicide and alcohol, in all its facets.

I thought about throwing the note away, but part of me said to keep it -- not so I can dwell on the past, but so I can have another reminder of how far we've come.
If you're not sure what your face is saying ask the people around you.  If you don't like what you hear, it's worth a little practice time in front of the mirror to change things.  Your face communicates your feelings, make sure it's saying something accurate.

But stress and exhaustion crept in and hit me like a ton of bricks. It literally felt that way. For the rest of that day I lay in bed scared, drained and weak thinking to myself, \What if this had happened when I was driving? Or going down the stairs?\
We spend years running from the unlovable parts of ourselves. But if we learn to confront them and embrace them, enormous shifts can happen -- and very quickly.
I am convinced that one of the healthiest and most revolutionary things we can do is simply find something right about ourselves, and celebrate that. Here are a few ways you can begin getting some more celebration-worthy encouragement now.

Remember that you are the person who is suffering and not your friends and family. Don't let the opinions of your peers prevent you from getting your life back. Your health is the most important thing and must be your number one priority. Do what is best for you.
The situation we may be facing now is scary, but it is also triggering all the other times in our life where we felt scared, abandoned, betrayed or whatever else is coming up for us. That emotion has to get out. It wants to get out!  Let it out.
What kind of public health policy would cover screening for someone considered at-risk before the age of 65 and discontinue it after that age when the risk actually increased?
Despite my best attempts to end my life, my medical team and my family eventually helped me to rebuild it.  I ended up being quite fortunate.  Many of my strange inclinations went away with time.  Bit by bit, everything started to feel natural once again.  I resumed most of my previous habits.  I reconnected emotionally with my loved ones. I lived.

Now, I've found grace in helping others by sharing my story, hopefully showing that you can bring meaning and purpose to tragedy.  The grace of helping others is far greater than the suffering I once endured.
Consciousness has always been tricky to decode. None of us have ever seen consciousness but we know it exists inside each of us. When our attention is drawn towards evolving, our inner capacity of thinking on a more subtle and gentle level amplifies.
\Exploring the explorer\ is critical. Diving deep into our own consciousness and fathoming the essence of our own nature is where meditation can succeed in ways that other journeys can only hint at.  The key is in the process of transcending.
Each time I glance at this little mini-altar I am reminded to pause for a moment, take a deep breath and go within for just a few seconds. These tiny breaks bring me back to my center and restore my conscious awareness to a higher perspective in an instant.




The social behavior researcher Bren\u00e9 Brown writes that to be fully human, we must be willing to show our vulnerable side to others. The best way to do that with a bereaved friend is to admit the obvious
This workout routine helped to keep me energized throughout the day, strengthened and toned my legs and made me feel much better about myself when I got back to town. It also curbed my cravings and helped me make better food choices.
These simple suggestions can quickly become a healthy habit and you will find yourself in better spirits and more enlightened in your exchanges.  You will also be spared anger from people who don't appreciate your intrusion.
It's fall, the light is pretty, and the air is crisp -- a perfect cocktail for exploring woods or hills. But remember, this isn't like pavement. Before you head out, heed these expert tips to avoid injury and fatigue.
We all have the capacity to make the world a more loving, abundant place. And it needn't be heavy or hard, it can be simple and yet profoundly transformative. Try it out and see for yourself!
You want to make a change, but don't know how to do it. You want to reach out and expand your social circle, but are worried about the comments from the people you're typically around and can't begin to imagine how to get started anyway.


Finding ways for these Rewired \experts\ to share their wisdom, and all the great insights they'd discovered during their lifetimes -- especially with young people, who so badly needed good role models, made so much sense, and still does.
If we've read evidence supporting our management decisions, let's own it by truly referring to the literature. But if we are only vaguely aware of research that supports a questioned decision, without first taking time to read the evidence and/or supporting editorials and guidelines, let us not sugarcoat our lack of due diligence.
How many times have you felt silly, humiliated, shamed, embarrassed or shy? Have you ever wondered what causes those feelings? Ever really delved into their source? I hate to burst any bubbles out there, but no one else is thinking about you. They are too busy worrying about what you are thinking of them.
Many of us, especially athletes, have our staple meals and snacks that we turn to on a daily basis to fuel us through exercise and the day-to-day grind. Keeping meals and snacks consistent is a good way to stabilize energy levels and maintain digestion, but as the seasons change so does the temperature and availability of many foods, likes fruits and vegetables.
You never know what another person is going through. I do recognize that sometimes the comments are very well meaning. And let's be honest, it is hard to know what to say all the time. Sometimes you don't need to say anything. Your presence can be enough.
9/11, a massive wakeup call for our whole country, was also a strong reminder for me as a physician. It reminded me to not assume anything about my patients, and that a person's life story is as important as their symptoms in determining what will happen with their illness.
We should acknowledge that the movement to end violence against women and domestic violence was championed and led by women. The news this week brings a reminder that it's time for men, all men, to be a part of the solution.



Suicide is now the second leading cause of death among people aged 15 to 34 in the U.S. While we still struggle with predicting and preventing suicide in individuals, we know that there are many steps we can take to lower risk of suicide across communities.

On Sept. 10, World Suicide Prevention Day, we should acknowledge the good work and social responsibility of Facebook and Instagram and recognize one of the underlying messages of social media
I listened to her say that in approximately two-to-four weeks those leukemia cells would multiply ferociously and overtake Dan's bloodstream. I asked her a question to which I already knew the answer. I processed her grim response. Dan was dying.
What can you do to prevent suicide? You can read about the warning signs for suicide and how to help someone. Another thing you can do is make a 15- to 30-second video, like the one included here.





To get to the relevance of \how,\ we must overcome the spurious debates about \what.\ You certainly can't get there from here if you can't acknowledge where \there\ is. We do know, but our culture needs to admit that we know. The profitable market for pixie dust needs to disappear.
We often forget that fear and panic are not the same things; one is necessary to stay alive, and the other is not. Panic is actually dangerous, putting a person in a state of complete chaos, removing the ability to make sound life-saving decisions.
While this willingness to stay in the unknown long enough for a new thought to appear is certainly one of the keys to teaching excellence, it is much more than that -- it is also the secret behind both personal and professional transformation.
If you take a close look at stress over the course of a busy week, you're likely to discover that stress is happening in you far more than it's happening to you. It has more to do with the anxious way you relate to people and events than with the events themselves.

In the end, it's not about denial or even weighing the risks against the consequences. It's about confronting these things head on when they happen and hopefully finding a way to get past the hurt, the anger, the denial.
You may have an important health message, but if you're not reaching the right audience for that message, it may as well all be for naught. That's why it's important to identify the \conversation catalysts\ -- the people who are influential, or connected, enough to get a message across -- so that important missions, like preventing suicide among college students, can be effective.



It's long been said that trends start in California.  With one eye on the balance sheet and one on the  legal history books, five of the world's largest drug manufacturers are probably hoping that's not true.
Obamacare should serve us well for a generation or so, bringing everyone up to speed on individual responsibility and providing a safety net for millions. But, like Prohibition, the gatekeeping model may turn out to be too paternalistic for the public in the long run.

Remember from the day we're born until the day we're buried, we don't do anything alone.  Therefore, don't be afraid to disclose your struggles and ask for help.  Being vulnerable to share your challenges isn't a weakness, but instead a strength. The challenge many times is convincing yourself otherwise.
Mobile health (m-health) apps are everywhere these days, providing a whole gamut of services targeted at both patients and care providers. But what about communication between those two entities?


We are born into this world knowing we and our body are the right size.  Hating ourselves and our body are learned behaviors, as is the idea that \you can never be too thin.\


Re-examining our behaviors regarding permission and prohibitions in the realm of body, mind (belief systems), feelings and socio-cultural practices can be beneficial to our health and well-being.
What happens when you put health policy experts, deans of medical schools, pharmaceutical executives, heads of electronic medical record companies and tech entrepreneurs together in a room? Hopefully, some solutions to the biggest challenges in health care.
The program goes like this.  There are 10 exercises.  You will perform 10 reps for each exercise, rotate through all 10 exercises once, and then repeat the circuit five times until you finished your Another 500 program.
Although certain phases pass more smoothly than others, recognizing the tides of life grants us the inner fortitude to confront our circumstances with awareness and acceptance. After all, hope is a simple reminder that momentary sorrow is a prelude to lasting joy.
Having good concentration is a vital skill, but having good meta-attention will revolutionize your practice. That's because as far as meta-attention is concerned, there are no distractions.
I'm suggesting that we resist the temptation to set ridiculously high standards for ourselves when we periodically get disgusted with ourselves and focus on healthy behaviors.
What you need is a middle ground. It's really okay to have a green smoothie for breakfast but at lunch eat a giant meat sandwich. Or once in a while you can have a piece of cheesecake for dinner and still be totally okay with it and still love yourself.

When we feel inadequate, it can be a lot easier to tear someone else down to our level than to acknowledge our own insecurities and figure out how to move forward.
In part one of our follow-up series on thalidomide, we focus on the pseudo \clinical trials\ and gross negligence of Richardson-Merrell, which distributed thalidomide to 1,267 U.S. physicians.
Feel like you need a translator to make sense of the App Library? We removed the guesswork by asking trainers for their favorites in the health and fitness category so you don't have to play detective.

As it turns out, the study doesn't\u00a0actually prove that low-carb diets lead to greater weight loss compared to low-fat diets. Instead, it shows consuming fewer carbohydrates may increase protein consumption, and something about that combination seems to enhance weight loss -- however, the cause is not yet clear.



I don't plan to start burning my possessions or deconstructing my very home anytime soon. However, I do plan to practice the art of releasing my attachments when the time has come to move on.



For myself, I can say I have been influenced not only by my religious beliefs, but also by my experience with mindfulness. I practice mindfulness in short bursts throughout the day, and also meditate during formal sittings.
I learned that spirituality can be a very enjoyable experience. Spirituality is not something that we do. Spirituality is a way of being that comes from living a heart-centered and soul-liberated life. So I decided to make prayer and meditation a normal part of my daily life.


The first crisp hint of a chill in the air always shakes me out of my summer lethargy, wakes me, makes me more alert. It focuses and concentrates my attention. I can smell the possibilities of a fresh start in the air.
After more than a decade of vigorous research into the deadly Ebola virus, a handful of potential treatment therapies appear to finally be on the horizon.

My recent experience taught me that doctor and patient are two sides of the same coin -- and it's a toss up, literally, which side we are on. Every day.
I personally came to experience at least some measure of inner peace. As a so-called stress management expert, I admit I haven't done much for myself in the area of spiritual growth. And I liked the idea of going to this conference because it was addressing the mind, body and spirit.
Powerful people live in a healthy way and courageously embrace challenges. They connect the dots of life to bring together purpose, partnership, and power to inspire others. Check out these things that powerful people don't do so that you can become even more powerful.
Talk to your doctor, listen to your body, Start gently and build up. Stay in your comfort zone. Take precautions, get fit and live well.
Gulen places a great importance on the interdependence of individuals, communities, nations and systems on one another. Each fundamental unit within any system plays a role and has an inexplicable effect -- small or great -- on every other unit within such a system.

The experience of being a remainder is central to bereavement. A person left behind by the death of a loved one is often called the survivor, but remainder better captures the emotional experience.
Not everyone I reach out to will stay sober, and some might never come back. But the moment with Kelly's family at her wake renewed my determination to keep being there, as much as I can, for anyone who asks for my help.
Dull moments in our days are inevitable, but we have a choice of how we will respond to them. Are we medicating with technology or are we noticing the experience?  Numbing out or building coping skills? Avoiding the uncomfortable feelings or reconstructing our days to be less boring?
Wouldn't it be great if there really were an official \Love Day,\ but in a way, I prefer it being something we decide to do. We can have as many love days as we want. Imagine that -- each day devoted to feeling good. You might find yourself not wanting to settle for anything less!


The really super part is how Hunter keeps finding ways to embody everything PLAY 60 represents. Not only does he insist on being as active as his body can tolerate, he also continues to encourage others to get moving and watch what they eat.

As adults do we just become emotionally constipated, is it an age-related characteristic? Do we lock up our insecurities and joys because we fear what people will think? Aside from all the other physical changes that we deal with, do we become more protective of our feelings?

I have had relationships with two men with the surname of Williams who completed suicide -- one, my fianc\u00e9. The other, someone I never met, but for whom I felt the most sincere love and appreciation for the gut laughter he brought up in me, and billions, time and again over decades.
This is the kind of power we have within us. We have the power to tap into our guts. We are all intuitive. We simply have to be willing to open up, ask and receive.
Lately, I've been wanting to bang my head against the wall in an attempt to rid my mind of its rampant, intrusive thoughts. Knowing that will only lead to a headache without resolution, I've been resorting to punching the bag instead. Boxing, man; boxing is where it's at.
Don't neglect the dishes. Try to get enough sleep most nights. Smile every day. Keep your promises, even if others don't. Enjoy the little things

We read and hear a lot about the importance of the balm of forgiveness, how it heals the giver and as well as the given too.  But I think we don't think enough about the power of of  asking for forgiveness, to knit together what feels irretrievably broken.
My stylist recommended regular haircuts to avoid awkwardness (see
My family did the best they could, but like in many Caribbean and African-American families, the symptoms and afflictions of depression were never addressed. At best, you get prayed over or, in my case, you get offered the option of an exorcism.

What good is success if not shared and paid forward with attitude and deed?  And how much envy can we muster for a supremely successful asshole who can't muster a kind word for anyone?
I see 7-year-old kids who agonize over what to wear in the morning because they \hate the size of their thighs or their arms.\ And I work with children who refuse to eat carbs or fats. Who among us even knew what carbs or fats were when we were 6 years old?
Words have meaning and intent, and denial of this fact is ignorant. I believe that in the great cage match of life, enlightenment destroys ignorance, and enlightenment is my truth, my whole truth, and nothing but my truth, in whatever way I choose to illuminate the darkness of my own tightly-locked closet.
I have heard the nagging voice before, and I have experienced every option listed. I can tell you the biggest difference in shifting from ignoring to letting go is simply choosing. Only you are responsible for your happiness, no one else. Once I figured that out for myself, it was absolutely liberating and empowering.
Based on my friend's wisdom combined with the numerous successful clients I've worked with over decades, I created this list of seven traits lean, healthy people frequently employ.
If you have been going to the gym for months, it can be frustrating when your progress has come to a halt.  Instead of quitting, try adding some intensity to your workouts. These tips are simple ways to break past plateaus without trying to reinvent the wheel.

My mother was a gentle soul.\u00a0In her best disciplinary voice, a whisper at most, used one time during my teenage years, she said, \Bill, I wish you would not smoke -- it's bad for you.\
Perhaps relationship bliss is that simple

Gratitude is part of the puzzle; the other main part is being kind to myself.  I have cranky, sad and lethargic moments too. But instead of criticizing myself at those times OR faking gratitude I have experimented with another practice backed by science.
As a nutritionist counseling families and children, here are some simple tips to get you and your family off to a healthy start.



Your gut and your emotions are a two-way street. They both have the potential to negatively affect one another, so addressing the state of your mental health -- not just the food you eat -- is incredibly important.
If you need a little boost -- or if your dog seems to -- try engaging him in a long, loving gaze. If he's the shy type, give him your undivided, loving attention for a half hour. You'll both feel healthier and happier for it!
Buffett used his punch-card analogy in an investment context. It's consistent with his belief that really profitable investment decisions are few and far between. But I think the punch-card analogy applies equally well to life, and to the decisions that define and shape our lives.
I cannot even imagine what losing a child to drugs would be like. Lord knows I've thought about it a lot. For a while, I was terrified that it might happen to me. And I'd be lying if I said it's not something I still think about from time to time when I allow my mind to wander out of the moment.
Mostly, this time of the year is a liminal space between here and there, then and now and you and me. Want to rewire, recalibrate and reinvent the next unfolding moment of the Truth of You and your own breath, your way? This is your invitation to entrain to new weather, time, space and commitments.
The patient-centered model needs to replace the practice-centered model. The patient's health should be a higher priority than the doctor's rush to keep moving and fit as many people as possible into his schedule and his practice goals.
Whether you impact a million people or one person -- you're having an impact. Imagine if every person today just touched the life of one other person? The outcome would be incredible! So what are you waiting for? Why settle for \almost\ doing what you love? Almost changing the world?



The truth is
I don't have any grand epiphanies on how we can turn the tide on a global, massive scale. I think it has to be grass roots, a kind of butterfly effect to make a difference. It has to be small acts that catch on and feel authentic and meaningful -- both to the giver as well as to the receiver.
The Internet was abuzz seven weeks ago about the performance at the June 1 San Diego Marathon by Harriet Thompson of North Carolina.  She is 91 years old (YOUNG). En route she set several age group records.

If depression is more insidious -- and more misunderstood -- than other disorders, it is because its core symptoms are mental and emotional. This can make it difficult to distinguish the person from the disease, as our thoughts and emotions define who we are.





The point is to live intentionally. Ask yourself
Today, tests as simple as a saliva sample can help ensure a healthy child free of these diseases, saving a lifetime of tragedy.  Genetic testing isn't meant to be scary.  It's meant to be accessible and to give you the happily ever after you dreamed about.
By simply using your computer or mobile phone, you could be part of a new wave of era in clinical research... and if you use any wearable technology or other sensors, you can likely plug those in, too, which would help even more.


If it's not in your kitchen cabinet already, consider adding coconut oil to your collection.


Find the meaning in your work and give thanks for that. Your work has a purpose -- look for the greater connections and benefits that you provide. Knowing that you are making a difference in other people's lives will energize you to devote more attention to what you do.

I caution that we take a long, hard look at the permissive tidal wave in favor of marijuana legalization. As for condoning recreational use, we need to be careful before we unlock that door. Because, in a tidal wave, once you open a door, it may not be so easy to close.
We need to show all of America's nearly 43 million people with mental illness the same compassion and empathy we've shown Robin Williams. They all deserve to live a full life, all of us need to benefit from what they have to give, and it can be done at a fraction of the cost of the alternatives.

Every action, whether it be writing an article, applying for a job or snacking on an apple, is worthy of being embraced, enjoyed and savored for what it is. When we choose to live life this way, each moment becomes saturated with meaning.



Actually give it a rest. Make a decision on Friday evening to turn off your work mode. Imagine you're stepping out of the work version of you and into the lighthearted weekend version of yourself. Be okay relaxing, guilt-free.
Who would have thought that in 2014 we would be fighting to ensure that women are included in research on diseases and medical drugs and devices? If you find it outrageous, you are not alone.

Because we look healthy on the outside, we must be healthy on the inside? Well, I know for a fact that you shouldn't judge a book by its cover, and you damn well shouldn't judge a cancer by it's body.
As consumers, we need to trade the habit of clicking for short cuts for the habit of practicing behaviors that will truly serve our health. As a health and wellness industry, we need to trade our habit of telling people why they should do something or overwhelming them with a dozen ways to do it, and instead, invite them, inspire them, and propel them to try one way, to practice.

It's been a week and a half since I started my gratitude journey -- but what I've realized is that this project is just that


The best prevention is sunlight -- bring mental illness out of the dark  corridors, and out into the open where it can be seen as a illness, an illness that is free of shame and which can be healed.
Type A-ness (which does sound quite naughty when you say it out loud) has gone beyond the corporate world and into the yoga world, one that I had assumed was supposed to be Zen.
Beyond all the scientific complexities associated with it, falling asleep can be understood as an act of faith. The submission to sleep requires extending trust to something greater than ourselves. Sheep, of course, sleep best in the company of the flock and shepherd.

Unlike some types of meditation, you don't have to say a mantra or try to picture your \third eye\ during mindfulness practice. Instead, you're focusing on the here and now -- thoughts, sensations and emotions.
This is the life of someone who is depressed and anxious. Only a few people knew the whole back story until now. I hope this encourages someone to continue living as well as they can, because each day, every day, there is something to live for.
Zumba's slogan is \join the party.\ One of the best decisions I ever made was joining the party. There is rarely a \maybe later\ in life or dance. Moving in the moment is the only way to heal sometimes.
What I wanted for my life, in my choice of career, was a way to live a meaningful existence. Not have \just a job\ -- something that I had to do for money to survive or thrive, but rather a fulfilling of a calling.

When I awoke from the successful surgery, I knew a part of the healing required was to knock myself off the pedestal of perfection. I do take full responsibility for putting myself there. I had created a life for myself that was literally hard to swallow.


I try to live a healthy, well-balanced life, not just for me, but for them.  I hope they don't have to experience these struggles -- instead, I hope they'll have a better starting point than the one I had when it comes to living a balanced life of food and fitness.


Yet every day, I awake and joy waits. I am alive! Here is another day, to dance and party with the universe. I don't feel it as tangibly every day as I would like, but it's always there.
If you are struggling with the question of whether to take an intimate relationship to the next level, viewing Good Will Hunting could be a worthwhile step in your decision-making process. If you are grieving the loss of one of the most gifted actors of all time, this film features some of his best and most beautiful work.

While the anxiety attacks are gone, and I feel really great most of the time, I am still a work in progress.  I am eager to embrace what's ahead for me as I continue to grow and evolve.  I truly feel lucky to be happier and healthier, but always learning.
Some day we will look back and wonder how we did not measure and treat depression, and other behavioral health disorders more effectively. We are on the transformation road now. It will be uphill and bumpy. So is all change.
With a great deal of bipolar disorder in my immediate family, I've watched depression's dark tentacles wrap themselves around our hearts in the most insipid and life-altering ways.


Clearly, it is time for a new welcoming of mental health care in America. Perhaps the fresh air will follow.
New school lunch regulations should not be thought about as a weight management diet, but a roadmap for health for each student involved. Breakfast, lunch and snacks at school allow us as a nation to demonstrate to millions of children each day what nutritious food looks like.

While I have been heartened by the overwhelming compassion that people have shown for the late Robin Williams and his family, I have been a bit concerned by comments such as \I hope he is at peace now.\


There are as many ways to navigate your 20s as there are 20-somethings. Here is what the next crop of human potential has working in its favor.
Known as the \fruit of the gods,\ figs are in season now, but they're nothing new. In season from from June to early Fall, the sweet fruit were used by the Greeks as signs of prosperity and for early Olympic training. For the food nerds among us, a mini fig tutorial.

In the wake of the tragic news about Robin Williams, it's crucial for those who struggle with depression to cling to hope and life and the knowledge that things will get better. By sharing our journeys, we can shine on a light on an affliction that affects so many of our fellow humans.



When you make a conscious choice to appreciate your body for all that it can do, you can change how you treat your body on a daily basis. After all, I believe a perfect body is the body that you are happy with.

Once I let go of the unreasonable desire for perfection, I actually noticed where I was
One of the most comforting insights I have had into the human condition is that every one of us has an innate wisdom that guides us through every minute of every day, even when we do our best to ignore it.
There's always room for fine tuning our eating habits. Here are 25 ideas to boost nutrients, cut empty or excess calories, eat more sustainably, or all of the above.
Today, with women's roles expanding and becoming more complex, the struggle to find work-life balance has become a significant challenge. Now more than ever, the idea of \good enough\ has great relevance and can serve as an important and comforting reminder that not only is perfection an illusion, but ultimately it does not support our children in their efforts toward successful independence.


Silence should not be the legacy of a man who caused entire theaters to burst into laughter. In the wake of this tragedy, we must find the strength for an ongoing conversation about mental health, a topic that is too often addressed in whispers.


Like any prejudice, our perceptions about what it means to be physically challenged are filled with beliefs and interpretations that begin in our own minds. If you understand how this works it's a lot easier to move beyond any self-limiting illusions and judgments we might have, and go forward to live successfully with your illness, injury, or attitude towards the aging process.
Fred's journey through grief is a testament to the resilience of the human spirit. He has been able to maintain a healthy, loving sense of connection with Rose and at the same time engage in living in the present, and allowing his life to flourish.
No matter what you're going through in life, whether that's a difficult day or a difficult year, when you love yourself completely, you find your center, and when you find your center, you realize you are not alone but connected to all there is in the universe. And all there is -- is love. When you know this, you will never give up on life.
It is paramount that we only focus our efforts on creating flow within our own minds because there is no way we can maintain structure in our external environment. Maintaining a mindful and non-judging awareness of ourselves may be the highest form on intelligence.
By any measure, Julie Lewis certainly qualifies as a long-term survivor of HIV. Marking 30 years of living with the virus is an achievement for anyone. However, as the mother of Ryan Lewis, one half of the Grammy Award-winning hip-hop duo Macklemore and Ryan Lewis, Julie realized she could mark the occasion with a lot of fanfare, enough to be able to give back.

Then came the Robin Williams news, and a profound sadness as I pictured him in his final moments, believing that the darkness of the world was too much to bear. He gave me hours of happiness for so many years. The least I could do to repay him is to not let his tragic death be in vain.
Long distance runners are a bizarre group of people to those who find comfort in stillness, pleasure in overindulgence, and reassurance in conformity. I know this because I was not always a runner. There was a time that I scoffed at runners and the strange counterculture of running. But, now I know better.
There is nothing more upsetting to a runner than suffering an injury. Weeks, months, and even years of training and fitness can be jeopardized by a slip on the ice, a turn of the ankle, or a chronic overuse injury. Here are some simple ways you can avoid injury and stay sane.
It isn't exactly becoming for the GPS for the Soul editor to have more gripes than gratitude, but hey, I'm only human. And as humans, we have remarkable abilities to make positive changes. So I am here to take a stand
Probably the biggest tell-tale sign of the alcoholic is the inability to stop drinking once we have started. \One more, one more, one more\ is always running through our minds.
Sometimes it takes someone else showing you where there's hope to be able to see it, and sometimes it helps to look at an old situation in a new way to see what's growing out of the ashes.
You don't know this yet but your family really loves you.  They never meant to hurt you or confuse you. I can happily say that you eventually found your way and we won.
Remember that a habit consists of cues and responses repeated over and over. To attack the habit you have to disrupt the old cues, form new ones, and then it becomes a matter of \Wash. Rinse. Repeat.\ In this way, you build that association and make the pattern automatic and soon unconscious.
I have often heard that we should process the pain so that it eventually goes away. But I don't think it actually works that way. I think we become comfortable with the pain while it gets covered over by recent experiences, yet it remains for the rest of our lives.

\I'm hot and you're hot,\ the message read. \Plus I'm sober and you're sober.\ This was a missive that appeared in my MySpace message box back when referencing MySpace didn't make you feel old. And look, I knew it was an incredibly douche-y introduction.

If you know someone struggling today, simply be there for that person. Offer your unconditional love and hold onto the faith that behind the struggle lies beauty.
I am always heartened to hear the stories of the pioneering doctors of integrative medicine, who were willing to risk their professional comfort and ease, in the interest of helping people truly get better.

A vigilant focus when swimming with sharks is essential for survival. Paying attention to what matters in life is essential too -- part of this is recognizing that first impressions aren't always correct.
What I've learned is that sometimes, actually, frequently, it's okay to ask for help. Life is long and can be almost unbearably tough at points, and it would be a terrifying journey to make alone. So I've learned to ask for help when I need it, to pick up on the triggers that can send me down a dark path, and I've learned to make a plan that involves staying healthy.


When I start asking myself, \What do I want people to take away from this?\ That's when everything falls apart. Frustration takes over because I could drive myself nuts thinking of how to phrase my words perfectly so that the majority of people will walk away with the information I want them to.
Men will listen. Just ask kindly. We must speak from our heart. Ask open-ended questions, which require a real answer, that we must promise not to take personally. No one needs to purposely destroy the other; there is no right or wrong, just two different people.
Costco has an amazing selection of food, clothes, appliances, furniture and just enough walking stereotypes to keep things interesting. Here are just a few examples of folks I saw on my last trip to Costco.

Life is often hard. To cope with hard things, to be effective and successful, or simply to experience ordinary well-being, we need resources inside, inner strengths like resilience, compassion, gratitude and other positive emotions, self-worth and insight.
You won't always have time for a 90-minute yoga session so remember that wellness comes in different shapes and sizes. You can do something as simple as reading an entertaining blog for 10 minutes or finding a healthy recipe to try this weekend.
In the last 10 years, a new field of neuroscience has mapped the mental zone that can literally change the brain to quiet an overly active stress response system and simultaneously pave the way for higher brain networks to perform at optimum.
On the whole, this playlist compiles a healthy mix of new tunes, fresh takes on recent favorites, and a few curve balls. So, there should be plenty of songs here to keep you moving and a few to keep you guessing.
I'm not Wonder Woman, far from it. Narcolepsy challenges me daily. I take medication twice a day and twice a night, both of which cause unpleasant side-effects. And I still have sleep attacks and cataplexy every day.

One year ago today, my sister, Amy Wallace, died of an overdose of prescription painkillers. She had prescriptions for some drugs, but supplemented her allowance by using online pharmacies.

As we grow up, we alternate between dreaming and waking. When we go to bed, our brains relax to the Oz-like land of dreams. When we awake, our brains expect \reality.\
Understanding the process of change, why we are the way we are, and how to change when you really want to, is incredibly important. The attribute of driving effective change can give you the keys to the kingdom of your success and happiness.

As a nutritionist, I love recommending blueberries to my clients. And I regularly eat them as well. Blueberries are healthy, low in calories, versatile, and taste great.
I've found there's a mental connection to this physical cleaning out process. A connection that I would venture to say has a vital spiritual component and contributes to one's overall well-being.
Action influences emotions, which crystalize beliefs. These in turn inspire us to pursue what we hope for with that much more joy, focus and hope. That's what these three practices do for me.
I hope that there will come a time when those with schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, major depression and other severe mental illnesses will feel comfortable enough not to worry if anyone sees them leaving a therapy session out of a back door. I hope there will come a time when those who do not suffer from mental illness will have more compassion for those of us who do.
While we might not have the power to turn America into Europe and declare August vacances season, we can take small steps to stop the busyness in our own lives and take real moments of solitude -- a \vacances de la solitude,\ if you will.
Ignore bar exam white noise. Have faith you studied and did your level best. Never look back, unless you've concocted a sturdy and reliable time machine that allows you to adjust your answers accordingly.
Emptiness is the best friend of everyone who enjoys meditation. It is a vast endless space. Light or dark, this emptiness is an inner feeling of openness without boundaries.
I could definitely feel the skipping, cone-weaving and plank crawls. My dog, Ted, on the other hand, cruised through it effortlessly. Maybe it helps to have two extra legs.
A relationship can be stressful, even when both people live in the same area, so a little distance can really complicate matters. But just because it may be difficult is no reason to think it is impossible or doomed for failure.  With the right preparation and mindset a long distance relationship can flourish.
Every guide to good Karma starts with one golden rule

If the public interest is at the core of the FDA's mission, it needs to move quickly and promulgate rules that will facilitate market entry, heighten industry price competition, save consumers money, and produce better patient outcomes.

Not only do they fund ADHD research and professional education, they market to doctors, teachers, parents, and, ultimately, even the children of this country.
The problem is, when you argue against this legislation because you think a medical school graduate's knowledge of anatomy is limited to dissecting a frog, you lose credibility and with it, you lose the argument. At least in my book.
Some simple steps to take to reclaim your time and energy include setting limits to how long you spend reading and answering email each day. It's also okay to say \no\ when others ask too much of your time.
Our lives are complicated, and we've never figured out how to add more hours to the day. But when you take the time, you'll have the strength of mind to find a path toward health and abundance.

In medicine, our goal is health, to make everything better. But sometimes we can't. Driving home from Mr. Johnson's funeral, I remembered our last conversation. What had he really wanted me to know? What could I learn as my lesson from his life?
Colorectal cancer, the most common of the gastrointestinal cancers, ranks worldwide as the third most common cancer and the second leading cause of cancer death in the United States. It is also one of the most preventable.

Social media has made me more self-aware of the unspoken messages I'm sending about myself and while I can't claim to have it all figured out just yet, I can say publicly that I am very much a work in progress as I seek to balance what I say on my blog and social media feeds versus what I keep for my private groups.

From Arron, his death and now from Jim, I have learned so much about living life. Doing things that scare you, saying \yes\ as much as possible, being exhausted in a good way. From Jim, I have learned that some risks are fun and have adventuresome outcomes and some are not worth taking. The trick is knowing the difference.
Mindfulness is key in healing a troubled relationship with food -- whether that involves weight loss or not.

It's OK to be quiet, spacious, even silent. OK to take some time to let things air out and take more shape before you respond. Even if your deep-down view is that this idea is insane, disastrous, or worse -- often you don't have to say anything at all and it will collapse on its own.
You have a finite amount of time and energy, and you really don't want to spend too much of it in situations that crush the light out of you. You don't need 50 ways to speak up, you just need one that works for you.
Ever since that day almost eight years ago, I have sought to come from this centered \I\ -- with honesty, quiet bravery and ever-growing self-love. As I have learned to come from this source of me flowing always towards myself, I no longer judge me, I no longer see myself as \other.\

Your body is your vessel. You fuel it and it fuels you. What you put in, you get out. What you eat today for lunch and every single day for the next 10, 20 and 30 years will directly affect your how comfortable you live and your ability to do the things that make you happy.
It makes me sad when people idolize others, because it means they've set that person apart from themselves as more special or deserving.
For six years we had a wonderful marriage.  However, before he died, not only did he leave me traces along the way for his departure, he left me with a deed on how I was to live through the years without him.



Unfortunately, living with chronic pain can interfere with your ability to touch, feel, hold, or be held by others. One of the most challenging examples of this occurs when we develop extreme sensitivities to touch from things that aren't usually painful.
Runners will appreciate that the Sproing Trainer was designed with them in mind as a way to build endurance and strength without the pain that can come with pounding the pavement.
At every event, when there is a common connection, people are more open to engage, interact and communicate.
Society says we must drive ourselves into the ground to get the things we want done. But this only shuts us down and makes life hard. It is only when we allow ourselves to be on an adventure, following the guidance of our hearts, that we truly open up to magic and miracles!
One thing cancer cannot do is lessen the courage and fight a person has in them. Now I'm 17, a year we weren't sure I'd live to see. Not only am I a childhood cancer survivor, I am still standing.
Mindfulness can provide a clutch that can build some decision-making ability into any mindlessly addictive behavior, whether cutting back on chocolate binges, stopping smoking, turning off Netflix after one or two episodes of your favorite show, or more serious, life-destroying addictions.
There is certainly no basis for either fear of, or opposition to, the on-going treatment of an infected American doctor in Atlanta. We may instead all be thankful that in return for the courageous service he was providing in Liberia, Dr. Brantly is now receiving an American standard of medical care himself.



In any area of self-improvement -- not just in fitness and diet -- small changes in habit can lead to amazing results.  Yet even the smallest change in behavior requires willpower and conscious effort -- something that sounds as simple as running five minutes a day won't be simple in practice.

Talking it out with someone, either a coach or someone who understands what you are going through is so important. Know that you are not alone or have to do it all by yourself. It's OK to ask for help.
I wore what I didn't eat like a badge of honor. As a certified health coach, I felt like it was important to \walk the talk\ and make sure that I was taking exceptional care of myself; but like every other thing in life, you can take even good things too far!
It was time to unplug -- and not because I was guilted or shamed into it, but rather because it was time to seize another opportunity. The good news is that there is room for all of it, if you carve out the space. Balance.
Dating a vegan isn't any more difficult than dating anyone else -- all it takes is an open mind, an open heart, and maybe a box or two of vegan condoms.
Painful memories are completely normal. But when the stress associated with them hinders your life right now -- that's a problem. The good news is that you can learn to channel the positive memories and turn down the volume on the negative ones.


Possibly the perfect snack, popcorn has more antioxidants than vegetables. Here are a dozen ways to pimp it out.



The bill doesn't keep the industry from producing and marketing healthy beverages.  In fact, it encourages the production of healthier beverages by basing rates on the amount of sugar in drinks as opposed to taxing by volume regardless of sugar content.
If you are not wearing your disability on your sleeve, say nothing.  I learned that the hard way.  You owe The Man nothing but your best work.

I made a note to myself when I was standing in the middle of a white peach tree to remember the feeling. I wanted to remember the heavy scent, the branches full of leaves and the ripe fruit in my face, beside me and behind me. I wanted to remember laughing.

You take your day to bed with you every night. Make sure it's company that will help you wake refreshed.

Safeguard your sleep. It influences so much of your day-to-day functioning. For instance, if I don't sleep, I can potentially become manic or depressed. I am very protective of my sleep. You should be too.
Before you start on a hike that would challenge Lewis and Clark in the hot summer sun, take a few minutes to make sure you have everything that you need.


Without a doubt we will all die one day, but the question of how is largely dependent on your behavior. Whether of the heart, or of the brain, degenerative disease is not inevitable.  Change your actions and you change your outcome!
The few studies that focus specifically on agave don't make this sweetener look good. One with 12 rats found compared with sucrose (a glucose/ fructose combo), agave nectar contributed to weight gain.

The key to meditation is not quantity but consistency. Rather than picking a specific time to meditate daily, add meditation to your regular routine. And at the end of each meditation, take a moment to say thank you to yourself for taking time to get still today.

With kids busy running to class, staring endlessly at computer screens studying or training hard for their school's athletics program, thinking about maintaining good eye health and safety may not be a top priority in their minds.
Once you begin to train with your focus on getting stronger and not stressing over the way you look, your training becomes more productive and efficient.  You place that energy on learning how to move and perform better and in the process break mental barriers.
I got hooked on fitness for vanity reasons many years ago. But now that I'm a working mom, I do it because of the energy, focus and confidence it gives me.   Exercise allows me to focus on something positive and forget the rest of my life for even 20 minutes, and that's so therapeutic!

It didn't happen overnight but gradually changing my brain led to changing my body. Over the next year, I was exercising less and eating healthy. I didn't obsess, and the weight slowly came off.
Does change worry you? If so, it doesn't mean you're weak. It means you're human. I know this because as a psychiatrist my phone rings when people are coping with change

Wednesday July 30 is International Friendship Day. I can't resist a good list or an excuse to celebrate. So I was curious
Maybe you're not an \artist\ by anyone's standards at all; maybe you're just a guy who really loves fishing. I don't know. But I do know this, there is a thing in you that drives you and your one mission on this planet is to find it, follow it and do what you love.


Shifting my outlook in this way has allowed me to be more attuned to what I like to call \signposts\ that help me along the way.  I thought I would share with you a few of those \signposts\ that I've stumbled upon this past week.
I've learned that there are certain foods that produce and nourish \friendly\ bacteria and others that help eliminate the unfriendly bacteria that might be making it difficult for you to lose weight.
Making love our priority doesn't mean we're always in spaced out hippie bliss while ignoring the conflicts around us, but it does mean we have shifted our focus. Love is the main emotional job of the heart and it rarely flows smoothly.
If you're feeling the season starting to run out, and you haven't quite reached the goals you set in spring, it's really not too late to supercharge your fitness before the summer is over.
Unduly provocative headlines based on inconclusive science work against what should be one of our country's most important public health goals -- getting people to move and exercise more.


It's as if we are connected in a vast web. For better or worse, what you do to others ripples back to you; what you do to yourself ripples out to others. Recognizing this in your belly and bones will change your life for the better. And change the lives of others for the better as well.
About 10 years ago my internist told me that my blood test showed kidney numbers beyond normal. He said it in passing and I let it pass. I have no interest into possible lurking calamities.
In the midst of the chaos, I was sure that I was going to lose faith in everything -- God, humanity and myself. I'm now thankful, because the stress and strain forced me to wake up.


No one is perfect, and it can be a long battle back to regain the respect and the trust, but you can start by admitting you are wrong, saying you are sorry and apologizing to those you offended, or who were hurt by your actions. But act quickly.
A few weeks ago Sierra Sandison was a contestant in the Miss Idaho Pageant. She wasn't a diabetes advocate or even a person who widely shared with her friends that she was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes at the age of 18. Much has changed since then.



As a business owner, mom of two, wife, speaker and consultant, managing each day effectively can be a challenge. It's easy to feel overwhelmed sometimes, but my secret to mental serenity in the face of a harried schedule is meditation.
You have to give your body the attention it needs post-biking so that it can perform at its best. Try these four stretches before and after your next ride and you'll hopefully find your legs, neck, and hips feeling looser and less sore.


Sure, you know you should be sleeping more hours. That's an easy one. But have you ever stopped to consider that maybe the six hours of sleep you are getting aren't necessarily restful?
Do candy bars have a tendency to jump off the shelves and into your cart when you're at the supermarket? You're not alone. From the weekly circulars to the cash register, the entire grocery-shopping experience is designed to ensure you spend as much time and money on junk food as possible.
Then the air fills with oxygen and the punch in the gut goes away and the elevator stops falling, just like that. Two seconds. And you smile back at him -- a big dazzling smile -- and you ask him how his bike trip was in Barcelona.
Summer fruits and vegetables are the great, immediate, delicious -- and fleeting -- luxury of this season. It would be wonderful to bite into a fresh-off-the-tree juicy peach when February drags on. But seasonal food gives you a chance to savor the present moment, knowing full well it will end.
To us high school students, everything feels like the absolute be-all and end-all. And I'll be the first to admit that I stress about the smallest things. But, after interning for Healthy Living I've realized I haven't taken any measures to try to alleviate that stress. So I'm starting now with a few things I've decided are just not worth my anxiety.



Every one of us is going to have our own pace. We can't compare ourselves to other dancers, or other people. We need to be patient, and gentle with ourselves. Just do your best and trust in the process. When we keep going, we eventually get there. There are many paths to any destination.
Marfan syndrome is a diagnosis easy to miss unless one deliberately considers it and pays a great attention to detail.  If your young son or daughter is playing basketball or volleyball and you are hearing the comments above, please take him or her to a physician for the appropriate tests -- at the very least to rule the condition out and have some peace of mind.
Ignoring or leaving our problems behind can relieve stress, but at what cost? We must realize that no matter what we do, there is something to gain and something to lose. What do you want that something to be?
All the perseverance, promotion, and patience required of you, beyond what anyone might have initially considered acceptable, would certainly surprise the average man on the street. But then maybe that's the whole point. To stand out, you have to stand up.
What many have discovered, and what I have glimpses of from time to time, is that lasting happiness is virtually impossible when it is tied to arriving at a destination.  At the end of the day, it's all in the journey.  That is the sweet spot.  That is where true happiness lies.
Yes, call me crazy but we are ready for a new pup in our life -- potty training, sleep deprivation and all.
I promise you, it's truly the little things that are going to matter the most in getting over him.  It won't be easy, in fact it definitely won't be easy, but trust me when I say it won't be impossible.

Endometriosis, as far as I knew, was something older women may experience. Statistics and facts about \female issues\ are not always openly discussed in the same way as other medical conditions.
Everything in life has two sides, it is better to look at the positives and to embrace the advantages. Regardless of events, we need to have the courage to accept, to connect, and to share. Touching reflects directly back to us like a mirror and this instant give-and-take translates into love.
Finding the courage to ask for what I needed reminded me that most people, and certainly my husband, respond generously. And here's the kicker -- at the moment the openness it takes to ask for what you need comes together with that generosity, a beautiful bubble of abundance and gratitude is created.
If the serving size for ice cream were to jump from 1/2 cup to 1 cup, would you eat more? Some experts are worried you might.
To celebrate his rite of passage into manhood, Seth Anderson wanted to drink the best made Manhattan, with his dear old dad, in Manhattan, where he was born as a native New Yorker exactly two decades and one year ago.
Most humans tend to integrate these two distinct actions and view them as one, which, going back to Buddhist philosophy, causes them to suffer.  But suffering is not necessary.  New possibilities can be created when we separate these phenomena.
Deadlines loom, new projects pop up and you're putting off that lunchtime workout... again. Your day fills up with rides to practice, errands and family obligations and you're driving everywhere except to the gym... again.
If leadership creates an environment where health is a priority, evidence shows other things are likely to fall in place -- important things, such as increases in job satisfaction, productivity and retention, as well as decreases in sick days and hopefully the anguish and expense of long-term medical care.

If you're feeling more tired than usual these days, you can blame the sun. Long summer days can interfere with sleep patterns because our natural circadian rhythms tell us to rise with the sun and rest in the evening.
Rayna embraced the struggle. When she faced adversity on the basketball court, she stepped up her game. She embraced the struggle. After contracting bacterial meningitis and losing her arms and legs, Rayna also stepped up her game (in life).
Keep these tips with you as a simple reminder that it's the simple things in life that can bring you joy.


August 2011 I was probably at my all-time high weight.  I don't know exactly how much I weighed, since I stopped weighing when I reached 389 pounds.  I am positive I weighed more than 400 pounds, but didn't want to know exactly how much over 400 pounds.

Last month, I celebrated seven years sober. I still go to meetings at least three times a week. On my anniversary someone asked me, why? That's a good question.
We may dread alone time when we don't have a strategy to be with ourselves. Thoughts create sensations and bring to the moment vivid events removed from the now.
Right about now, all over America, a couple hundred thousand runners are beginning to train for fall-marathon season. But the most meaningful 26.2-miler of the year -- perhaps of the century -- was run on April 21.
The very act of writing has been scientifically shown to be a beneficial creative process. By putting pen to paper, you are using the left side of your brain, which is critical and rational. This gives the right side of your brain a chance to access your feelings and intuition without any mental blocks.


As you eat healthfully to attain or manage your ideal body weight, you are also eating for lasting beauty.  Use this list of food items on your next grocery shopping trip. Many of these items serve dual purposes.
While we cannot undo the damage that has been done, we don't have to aid in the deterioration of humanity. We can be defenders of unity. We can decide that hatred, bigotry and indifference are unacceptable
Chaos is inevitable, and life is not always going to fall into place seamlessly. While the messy parts of life may not always be resolved positively, there is always a chance you'll find a rainbow at the end of the storm.

Do the effects of a former betrayal, breakup, breakdown or broken heart continue today? Recognize the need to forgive. Identify whom you need to forgive. Then you can begin the process.



The preschool teacher instructed the children, \Big dreams start small, but with sunlight, water, good soil and love, they grow big.\ It seemed a simple lesson, but one worth revisiting. This week, I let sunflowers be my teacher. Here's what I learned.


Quick fixes can lead to quick results that quickly vanish. If you want lasting change, it's time to let go of instant gratification BS and find a new way to live. You can love how you look and feel (permanently) by developing decent habits that become second nature to you.
The wrong shoes can lead to injury, discomfort, or end your running career before it begins. However, choosing the right shoe will keep your feet happy, support your unique running mechanics, and make the miles fly by.

Opioid maintenance therapy, or using a legal opiate to reduce a person's urge to take illicit drugs, has long generated controversy.
As a nutritionist, I counsel many clients who know what foods to eat to lose weight and be healthy. However, even the most educated of consumers may have trouble determining how much to eat of these foods.
The confidence I get from exercise is not just vanity. Sure, I like how I look and enjoy making progress, but my the confidence I get runs deeper than that. The better I get at running, the heavier weights I can lift and the further I can push my body reminds me of how to better tackle other challenges outside of my workouts.
Before practicing yoga with weights you must learn the basics first. Here's what you must know.
I am grateful to be part of this ever-unfolding ancient healing path, and pleased to see these tools being incorporated into contemporary medical thought. Like two wings of a bird, these old and new approaches balance and support us in achieving the health and well-being we seek.



I have singles tell me all the time they want love to \just happen.\ Well, that can only happen if you are in a mental and emotional place to receive the positive attention of others.


When you truly love someone you're not interested in possessing the person or keeping him or her in your clutches because you're afraid of losing the relationship. Instead, you respect your partner's autonomy and spirit.
Figure out what you truly believe and make a choice that works for you.

There are only so many hours in the week. Your to-do list at work and home continues to grow, you're stretched thin and stressed to the max. What you may not know is the ways you've been trying to cope with the stress of it all are actually making you more stressed, not less.
Psychiatrists are often criticized for a reductionist approach to mental illness. We are accused of \throwing pills\ while ignoring the social, cognitive and spiritual aspects of our patients. However, the use of medications by psychologists with only rudimentary understanding of physiology, pathophysiology, and pharmacology is another form of reductionism that should be soundly criticized.
Recent research suggests that the frown of depression is anything but superficial and should not be taken at face value. Wiping that expression off your face is the latest treatment for depression. And Botox, America's favorite neurotoxin, allows for this therapeutic loss of face.

The dairy industry markets it as \nature's perfect food,\ but hormones in conventional milk have been linked to cancer. However, many studies show nutritional benefits to drinking milk -- especially for kids. What's the answer? Organic milk!
When it's hot outside and you're keeping active, dehydration can leave you feeling light-headed and disoriented.  Cooling off with refreshing beverages can keep your body hydrated and your waistline intact -- if you know which ones to drink.



I don't mind being busy. But I mind when being busy becomes non productive or even wasted time. More important, keeping busy should not keep you from enjoying your life and taking care of yourself.
Our bodies instinctively know how to self-heal, and if we give them half a chance, they can heal our minds as well.  So lace up your shoes, kick the therapy couch to the curb, and let the momentum of a walk carry you forward into the change you crave.
Getting into the zone of quieting the mental chatter is the essence of mindfulness practice. Being ambitious and driven is necessary and beneficial for working toward life goals, but it's also crucial to shut off the overdrive and relax, in the interest of finding balance in life.
I knew the outcome of the Remnants of a Life on Paper, having heard it from the mother, Bea Tusiani, whom I met recently for the first time at a psychiatric meeting in NYC. Yet this book was still a page turner of a memoir -- written, compiled and told with utter candor and generosity by a mother who lost her 23-year-old daughter.
\We don't really think about this much, but judgments can come in the form of praise, as well...\ Cue needle scratch/time freeze moment.
When I take camera lens focus off myself and direct it at the people in my life, I realize that my life is about so much more than just me. My cancer treatment has been a team effort, and I believe life works the same way, too.
To me, and possibly others who cannot tolerate gluten, it doesn't matter much whether it's a fad, or if \gluten intolerance\ is a proper scientific term, or if my declining the bread basket at a dinner vexes someone else at the table.

Usually I would say yes and add to my already hectic workload. On the contrary, I blurted out no, and it shocked me! I think it shocked the other person even more, because they were so accustomed to me saying yes. That was one of the most liberating days of my life.
Even though I am not exactly sure what I said and did, I could tell that people were deeply moved by the talk. By showing up as I did, people were caught off guard and then found themselves opening their hearts at a level that took them by surprise.

No matter what I was able to accomplish professionally, my \Happy Place\ in Hawaii has remained the same. The core of who I was as a child and teenager and who I am as an adult hasn't drifted so far apart that I don't recognize myself any longer.


Yes, I understood why you cried at the picnic table at 370 pounds. Because on March 30 you weighed 450 pounds. You have lost 80 pounds so far this year. Today you were able to actually sit at the picnic table. A table you have not been able to sit at for years.

If you have a minor injury that's causing you pain, take action to help it heal and use your injury as a stimulus to train other parts of your body. There's plenty you can do to speed your recovery and return as a fitter, faster and stronger athlete.




Great leaders understand that achieving goals does not elevate self-worth or happiness. Instead, they relish the journey -- the relationships and experiences -- as the path toward creating what they want turns clear.
Let go of your negative associations with eating, with certain foods, with weight and expectations.   Stop depriving yourself.  Stop trying to define moderation.  Stop placing blame and instead choose to be mindful.
Everybody has a special gift that they are given and it's up to you to determine what that gift is and how you're going to bestow it upon the world. So ask your friends, family and coworkers what you're good at and then take stock of your own traits, behaviors and patterns.
No matter where your interests lie on the musical spectrum, there should be something for you. So, if you're looking for a few new tunes to liven up your summer workouts, this month's playlist will give you 10 great places to start.

As I look back at my summer memories, I wonder why certain situations are vivid in my mind while others I'm not able to recall. When I have conversations with my sister and brother about our childhood, some we can reminiscence to the very minuscule detail while other stories... there is no recollection.
Natural health supplements are a booming industry in America, and detox remedies are a large and growing part of that.  But do detox treatments really work?  And which ones will actually help rid ourselves of toxic chemicals?
Access to care is an important element in the quality of both health care, and the overall public health. All too often small problems neglected for a while turn into larger problems. Barriers to care propagate just such costly misfortune.

You are the greatest resource of all. You possess a deep collection of unique and most likely untapped resources that can help you in your personal relationships, your business success, your health and wealth.




This past June, my boyfriend and I ventured into deep-Brooklyn to get down and dirty at the Rugged Maniac, a 5K-obstacles race with feats like climbing over a wooden wall, crawling through the mud-filled tunnels, and rocketing down a 50-feet water slide.




Pay attention to the B.S. in your life. Dream of new things, and get excited if it's authentic to you. Allow others to dream big, too. And if you want to offer some careful advice to others, keep the B.S. out of it.

Chances are, the vast majority of Americans struggling with a drug problem have never heard of SMART Recovery. And that's a shame, because this modern, evidence-based alternative to Alcoholics Anonymous and Narcotics Anonymous might help many of them.
By better examining our thinking through a more scientific process and softening our internal and external response to failure, we are better able to continue our journeys in personal growth in order to advance ourselves, those around us and, hopefully and ideally, mankind.

What do you think about when you think of an anxious kid? Shy? Withdrawn? Avoidant? Meek? How about controlling? Coercive? Even... a dictator? Teachers, neighbors, and psychologists like me are usually surprised when parents describe an anxious child in these terms. But very often, parents do.



Too many people settle for less than they deserve in life. This has lead to a majority of people reporting they are not happy. If we're going to change this, (and if we respect human life, we better) it's time to look for different ways of doing things.





There are a variety of ways to look at any one situation. Find the view the looks the best, put on the rose-colored glasses (don't worry this won't make you delusional, you'll still be able to see the weeds in the neighbor's yard and the pile of work on your desk) and take the perspective that eases stress and amps up good feeling.



Reason number 426 we love summer

Luckily, it's possible to get many of the benefits of meditation without actually meditating, at least in the conventional sense. There are numerous activities out there that can offer you peace of mind without also boring you to pieces.




Got a much-needed vacation coming up? Maybe a long July 4th weekend? Your meditation practice is one of the easiest things to take with you! When your schedule doesn't allow for a full-blown mat practice, you can still quiet your mind.
Our cultural ideas around vacation are all about relaxation as the opposite of work; as in, literally doing nothing. Coupled with that ideal is an expectation that you'll be perfectly relaxed from the word go --  that a chaise lounge has a magical ability to transform you.

Depression is a horrible illness where your inner core is twisted and twisted again. Your heart hurts, your brain hurts and your soul hurts.
When you most want to smash someone in the face or run out of the room, remember this irony. Cooling off someone else's anger can be a way to actually bring that person closer.
Heart intelligence is the paradigm that speaks to everyone's hope and frustration.  Just what is our IQ score in heart intelligence? Not nearly high enough!
Let's be real

There may be days we want to pull our hair out, slam our heads into a wall, turn our brains off. But in the end, we need to remember that we know ourselves better than anyone else. We need to have faith that we are doing the right thing, making the right choices -- because our instincts exist for a reason.
We, humans, are the source for creating something new. We are the source for creating new systems, organizations, governments and a world that actually works for all people. And a world that can be so much more thrilling, unpredictable and abundant. We can make it all up... again.

Despite all the information available to the public about the hazards of sun tanning, especially that ultraviolet rays are a known cancer-causing agent, people still continue to tan. This has led many researchers to believe that factors besides lack of knowledge are driving some people to tan.

So many young people, especially high school-age boys, are influenced by seeing their baseball heroes dipping that it's become as natural to them as another staple of baseball life

I was waiting to hear where I was going next. When the being in charge of revealing my destination said \EARTH,\ the other beings all around me oohed and ahhed at my good fortune. I recall feeling a deep sense of elation.
The Fault in Our Stars movie portrays the fault in our lives when challenged with illness, and the joy in our lives when these challenges are met.
The future is always full of more changes than one can ever imagine.  Over a century ago, some people thought that homeopathy was dead.  At one conference in 1988, it was formally announced that reports on the death of homeopathy had been greatly exaggerated.
My decision was based on fear. I was scared to get cancer, so I just figured out how not to get it and took the necessary steps to make that happen. And lo and behold, I seem to have outsmarted the little fucker.

As a registered dietitian who helps teach people to keep their bodies healthy, I couldn't help but see a striking resemblance between the delicate dance of human health and that of a river. It is a perspective that I think may help others be more mindful of how we treat our bodies, as well as our precious rivers.
I also believe there is a time and place for everything, including where and when to bare your body in social situations. Do it because your are comfortable with your body. Don't do it if may makes those around you uncomfortable or someone is pressuring you.
Just like you can be disappointed with your kids and still love your kids anyway, you can be disappointed with your body and still love your body, anyway. Disappointment does not have to \erase\ your love.
Running may be a sport made up of individuals, but it is the collaborative sense of accomplishing great things and reaching new physical and mental limits that binds us as a group. We love to support one another, so why can't we accept the support from others?
Before I got out of bed, I set my intentions for the day and stretched. When I walked to the train, I took notice of things around me.



Try to experience doing as living. The sense of living then moves to the foreground, with doing as a matter-of-fact, no-big-deal, expression of embodied life. It's a subtle shift, but a powerful one.


With proper use of sunscreen and the right clothing, you can spend a day at the beach, on the green, or in the backyard feeling cool and comfortable and knowing that you are safe from the sun.
These days, I'm still using drawings to process emotions and counsel myself. Recently, when I sat down with pen in hand, I found that I was writing notes to myself about beauty. My stick figures were giving me messages about the importance of seeing and cherishing beauty in the world.
If you're not familiar with proper form for the exercises you're performing, there's a high risk for error. Even with seemingly simple exercises, like dumbbell bicep curls for example, there are lots of things that can go wrong.
This fitness routine will make your session fly by. Download these hits, then grab a partner and a set of weights, and play along.
The reality is that to be truly happy, you need to put \you\ first sometimes. If that means being selfish, do so with a smile on your face. Am I saying to ignore others or how they feel, always choose yourself or become completely inconsiderate 100-percent of the time? Absolutely not -- life is about balance.



In the busyness of our lives it's easy to forget that we are all fearless, unique, brilliant individuals here to create something that only we can create. Our obstacles, big and small, get in the way and bring us to a slow crawl even a halt.



It seems that bias toward males still exists in American research labs. When scientists investigate new drugs to cure diseases, they test them on male rats and men and extrapolate their results to women. Women are prescribed new medications that don't work, make them sick, or kill them because the pills weren't tested on women.


Several major gaps continue to exist in sleep research for women. This is in part due to the early work focused on sleep apnea, which primarily affects men. In addition, lack of awareness of sex differences in sleep research has contributed to this knowledge gap.

If we invest time and energy into laughing at what is happening to Rob Ford, we are sending a powerful message that alcoholism and drug addiction are not serious afflictions that are destroying families everywhere.


I would assume that parkour is helpful if one happens to be in a situation where they need to quickly escape from vicious dogs and the only way out is jumping over a super tall wall. For regular folks it definitely strengthens your core, arms, legs and butt.

I no longer have that hole in the center of me that aches for the comfort of feeling loved. That hole of need -- that no partner or lover could ever really fill -- is where these pieces that I set aside belonged. It was so very simple and elegant in the rightness of it all.
No matter how you define success, it requires hard work, disappointment, rejection and lots of failing. With all the hard stuff you'll endure, it's hard to imagine how to stay happy along the way. But you can. The solution requires three simple, but profound, mindset changes.
Life with chronic illness is just like any other -- a life full of obstacles. It's easy to lay down and not get back up. But if you're not moving, you're not living. So even when the obstacles become too great, the treatment stops working, the doctors stop telling you the good news, even when you lose support, you lose sight of what you're moving towards -- you keep moving.





You may be an adult now, but your inner child is alive and well within you, and it's got a lot of wisdom to share. Here are five habits, compliments of the kid inside, that will change your life in wonderful ways.
The secret to eating while traveling is to identify the difference between eating and over-eating. Eating is enjoying food. Overeating is when you no longer taste the food. You are stuffed yet continue to eat.
Art Fry wasn't trying to create a best-selling office supply product. In the beginning, Fry was simply trying to design a better bookmark for his choir hymnal. He was just trying to create something small.

Summer is the season for barbecues. That often means burgers and hot dogs. As a nutritionist, I suggest limiting our intake of red meat and processed foods. However, if you want to indulge in an occasional burger, here are five ways to build a better one.
As we celebrate these twin five-year milestones -- Sternberg's turnaround and the FDA Tobacco Control Act -- let's appreciate the simple pleasure of putting one foot in front of the other, headed in the right direction. And let's keep our eye on the ultimate finish line of a tobacco-free nation.
The British approach to the novel implementation of mitochondrial replacement therapy, with extensive public involvement and careful, measured scientific review, may serve as an example for the United States and rest of the world.
No amount of recognition (which I didn't get) or dangled promotion (which I also didn't get) could have made up for what I lost.  They could not have compensated for those intrusions -- intrusions into my time, my space, my family, and my life.
A new study poses one of the most vexing ethical questions concerning research with human beings

There are times when grief's accompanying depression, anxiety, emotional and spiritual distress becomes too difficult for the bereaved person to bear.  That's when the right resources need to be activated.
So if the past is what has made me the person I am, and the future is what I am working for -- what does the present or \the now\ mean to me? How could I just believe and make today my friend? I was lost.
Regardless of whether it's genuine or a \made-for-TV moment,\ Clendening's story prompts a poignant point
Race season is upon us. Make the most of yours with our road-tested rights and wrongs so you'll know exactly what to do (and, ahem, what you can get away with) before your next fit event.
Living in a world of laughter opens one's life to a world of joy.  Joy is a divine quality that is inherently creative and productive.  And, when we're productive we're doing positive things with our lives.  Isn't that reason enough for laughing more?



Coaching is an active, invigorating process assisting you to reach your potential, challenging and supporting you, seeing what is working well for you and promoting that success so you can achieve miraculous and logical results.
Is it a good idea to trigger your dog's prey drive using an object she has no chance of catching? Dr. Dodman believes it's not a good plan, because dogs can get so obsessed with chasing the light that they develop behavior problems.

Our forefathers didn't need today's science to tell them how essential happiness is to the human condition when they guaranteed the right to purse it alongside the rights to life and liberty. So if just listening to music can lift one's mood, \Happy\ as a state of being has enormous utility.
Because of all this conditioning that society and our social groups put upon us to be labeled, we begin to come up with our own labels for who we are and what we believe. Do you feel it's right for people to label one another, and are we really the sum of our labels?

Pay attention to other ingredients besides protein. Manufacturers make powders palatable and pretty with preservatives, bulking agents like maltodextrin (corn), and sweeteners such as aspartame and sucralose. If the container lists these or anything you can't pronounce, put it back.
Americans should be carrying out The Talk with increasing frequency. After all, we're living longer, chronic illness is on the upswing, and the demand for long-term care is growing fast.
A recent study of more than a thousand doctors, published in the medical journal Plos One, found that almost ninety percent of young doctors wouldn't want to receive CPR or cardiac life support if they were terminally ill and their heart or breathing stopped.

In my own practice, it has become clear to me that much of anxiety and depression is a result of loneliness and especially, human touch. The loss of this magnificent part of our being a human being, is that we may never know the inner part of our beautiful essence and authenticity.
Great stories are fabric of our culture.  They inspire noble actions because they're a spell-binding blend of real emotion and imaginative embellishment that strikes a chord of authenticity with both the teller and the listener.

The secret to a less stressful, more fulfilling life isn't just about replicating someone else's habits. It's about creating ones that help rather than hurt you. And while dropping bad habits is a great idea, the reason that's so hard is because it always sounds restrictive and loss-oriented. I have a better way
Healthy self-love is the balance between low self-esteem (a lack of self-love) and grandiosity (inflated, false self-love that is actually an overcompensation for a lack of true self-love).
The new science of \health\ care that has emerged in the 21st century is creating the opportunity to be successful in preventing and treating chronic diseases. In a successful therapeutic relationship, practitioner and patient work in partnership to create health rather than treat disease.
When you break through the illusion that you're at the mercy of your life, you automatically start declaring dominion over it. And that is a beautiful thing.
As you focus on one bite at a time, you'll be amazed at how remunerative and gratifying this process can be. You will begin to do things you've never done before but always wanted to do. When you put these steps into action, you actively determine the way you will live your life.
Doctors do hold tremendous power. The key to unleashing it lies in that critical moment when they have the rapt attention of their patients -- and importantly, within the prescription pad that only they hold.


Folks, when it comes to food, and food for thought alike, it is mostly stupidity that is killing us. Stupidity is worse for us than either sugar or saturated fat.




If you are hiding your depression, all you have to do is find one person. One person to trust. One person that you believe has the capacity to hear your story.  Will take the time to listen. Try to understand. That's where you start.  To let someone see the real you.



Repairing the arthritic cartilage and replacing the missing meniscus can keep you biologic and help you delay or avoid an artificial knee replacement. In our view, biology trumps bionics any day of the week.
Spread the word!  Soda rots our teeth, makes us fat, fattens our livers, blocks our arteries, and raises our blood pressure.  It may also interfere with our fertility.
One hopes that patients who are gaining weight are not ignored their weight gain because a study says that they should not be doing so.



Father's Day is the occasion to show your appreciation. It's also an opportunity to help your father get some balance and feel better. Here are five ways to give him the day he deserves and kick start some habits that will keep on giving!
What if your class grade depended on making people smile? MBA students in Marketing Professor Raj Raghunathan's \Creativity and Leadership\ class at The University of Texas at Austin recently put their ability to spread happiness to the test, as part of a project that involved \altruistic pranks\ -- creative and unexpected acts of kindness directed toward strangers.

The elliptical machine is genius for burning fat and tightening your butt. But let's face it
They tell us we need high-fiber whole grains to prevent cancer and heart disease with in-your-face marketing, quoting research from experiments they've funded.



All research starts with biased funders and researchers -- because in the absence of such bias, it would be research no one would bother doing. I don't think anyone runs studies in the absence of hopes and preferences pertaining to the outcomes.

Have you ever attended a yoga class, only to feel awkwardly out of place? There's a reason for that! It's not that yoga is not for you, it's that each yoga studio (and teacher for that matter) has a whole different style that may or may not fit yours. Here's a breakdown.
As a teenager, very little is more embarrassing than running your fingers over a fake scrotum under the instruction of your father.  But I did it, and before long I was glad that I had.
Your words and thoughts can guide you to creative solutions when challenges occur.  Bringing mindfulness to the words you speak is an important aspect to creating a life truly worth living -- where you are not merely surviving, but really thriving.

The following health and fitness tips were all learned during the two years I spent working as a personal trainer. They're meant to help you keep your summer fitness goals on track without depriving you from your favorite foods and turning the entire season into one giant trip to the gym.

Benjamin Franklin once said that \an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure,\ yet 279 years later his words still have not been successfully put into medical practice.


It's not at all about an absence of fear. It's about knowing that fear will always be there, even more so the deeper you descend on the journey, and letting it guide you rather than deter you from moving forward. I live a fear-filled life because that's what it takes to create amazing things and attract amazing people, experiences and opportunities.

If you are frustrated with your own middle-aged weight gain, I encourage you to take a new route. Figure out what isn't working and leave your old habits behind.


Narcissism aside, there may be some very good reasons for people's natural urge to tell their personal stories.
Being human, we long to be accepted and wanted. It hurts to be rejected and to experience loss. If our worst fear materializes -- if our catastrophic fantasy becomes a reality and we're rejected -- our organism has a way of healing if we can trust our natural healing process
Stopping ourselves from hating ourselves starts with claiming the responsibility of being our own active witnesses
Junk food lobbyists interested in reversing White House-backed nutritional standards for school lunch programs are banging the drum that it's \too restrictive\ to feed kids healthy school lunches, and I say \Whaaa whaaa\ -- I am not buying it, and neither should you.
Enjoying total mastery over the body and its appearance is a powerful fantasy that can influence the way we manage ourselves on a daily basis, with health as our primary goal and often with looks as a secondary but not so irrelevant objective.

I was fortunate enough to befriend and get inspired by a 76-year-old neighbor who became like a grandmother to me in this challenging time. She worked out every day at a gym, walked at the park, was in fantastic health and told me of the promise for my future if I would just change my mindset.

Let love be there alongside whatever else is present in your relationship with the other person. There is love... and there is also seeing what is true about the other person, yourself, and circumstances affecting both of you.

I am beginning to truly understand what love is. It is a powerful owning and gentle honoring of my own heart and soul as I walk into each day loving, learning and cherishing just me. And in doing this, I am at last fully able love others -- honest, open, grateful and free.
Experts agree that since the body uses calories from different nutrients in different ways, the key to successful weight loss is paying attention to more than just the numbers on a box.

That's why taking the best of their \art de vivre\ and mixing it with yoga, green juices and lots of smiles \made in America\ seems to be a pretty good combination towards happy and mindful living.
As a researcher treating pediatric pulmonary diseases by day and a dad for three active kids by night, I greatly value the physical and mental benefits of exercise for all kids. As long as it is carefully managed, physical activity can usually improve both lung function and asthma control over time.




There will always be the temptation to throw your hands up and start looking for awesome apartments downtown, where your social life can be your main priority.  But commuting takes a different kind of discipline and as a result, its own rewards.
Unless it is a cultural taboo, do not shy away from mentioning the dead person's name or talking about the situation.  If he or she had been arrested, you would use their name and talk about the details.  A horrible thing has happened, and many people are hurting.
Back then, heart disease was a death sentence. About the only treatment a doctor could offer was bed rest. The medical field couldn't stop, or even slow, the suffering, much less prevent it
You don't have to be Steve Jobs to change the world, just be your best self. And boldly power through whatever's holding you back to make it happen.
You woke up to a fresh new day full of possibilities. You woke up to an abundance of opportunities and passion. Follow these simple steps that will have you greeting the day with love, excitement and happiness.


Be fool enough to be kind even when it gets you nothing. Be fool enough to do what you love. Be foolish enough to dream loudly! Be fool enough to dance. Be a fool.
Sarah Lewis helps us to reorient our thinking around the concept of mastery and the process that develops it. And it's the process that seems to be her real interest, because the process of growing in mastery of anything inevitably involves uncertainty, courage, failure, persistence and struggle.



We're all too polite when it comes to telling people how we feel, or sharing our opinions. We don't want to hurt people's feelings or make them mad. But it's far more maddening when someone won't tell you to your face what people are saying behind your back.
If we truly want to create a world where love, caring and compassion comes first, we have to start at the source -- ourselves. It is only through self love that we can begin to give ourselves to others in any beneficial way.
Patients today don't want professional distance; they want professional closeness with a doctor who has a big heart and a great love for people and service. And I strive to be that kind of doctor.
Whether you're working on losing weight, building muscle mass or improving your overall diet, protein will play an important role in your success and these are the things you need to know about it.
Each step I took was just one step closer to crossing the finish line of my 50-mile dream.  Take your first step and see where it takes you.
In a way, we all deserve to be happy. That includes you. And as I came to learn, that includes me.


I'm not talking about an approach where you sugar coat your life experiences so that everything is \really amazing\ and every day is \super fantastic.\ That's a bit nauseating. I'm talking about simply seeing the truthful beauty in life for what it is and trying to show a bit less but.
This is the season for traveling and summer vacations. While we often do lots of research to find a great travel destination, we often do not have a plan to stay healthy while we are away.
For normal snoozers, sleep is involuntary and automatic. But for people like me, sleep is anything but automatic. And the more we try to engage in voluntary sleep, the more we impede the natural process and maintain a state of arousal.

Runners have a contagious energy, an unusually positive outlook on life, and let's face it -- they look good in their spandex shorts. But, according to dentists and health professionals, runners and other endurance athletes are more prone to tooth decay and dental problems than the rest of the population.
We all know that what you eat is important, but so is when you eat, especially if you're active. That's why, in this infographic, I'll share what to eat before, during and after exercise.
Stress in the workplace is an increasing concern not just for those in the workforce, but also for large and small-scale employers. How employees manage stress on a day-to-day basis is an issue that many companies now view as a serious organizational issue.

I have been hit by optic neuritis a handful of times in the last six years.  Decades of relative visual stability after a rocky start to my MS journey had lulled me into the silly assumption that I had won the battle and beaten back the neurological invader.

Having relationship upsets and disappointments doesn't necessarily mean that we're a mismatch.  These things happen, even in the best partnerships and they are not indicators that we're not meant to be together. They are part of the process. The real question has to do with whether or not each of us is willing to learn and grow ourselves into whole, loving human beings.





On July 1 across America, recent medical school graduates will engage in an activity that will be altogether new, and probably terrifying. Should those of us who might be on the receiving end of this rite of passage be worried?

What goal do you want to reach? Why is it important for you to reach it?  Without focusing on why or how it might NOT happen, tell me about the space that will allow you to reach that goal... and then take your first step.  Don't be too surprised when you see the path open up in front of you.

Active breaks can help us all avoid the harmful effects of sitting all day. Take an active break at least once an hour, and remember that an active break can be effective even if it is as short as a minute or two.

When I speak with family caregivers, especially in support groups, they often equate burnout with failure. Never mind the ramifications that burning out can have on a caregiver's health and well-being.

We downplay our true desires out of fear and the uncomfortable feelings of vulnerability. Because what if we don't do what we set out to do?
To be completely honest, though I am a complete love believer and no matter how much I love love, it scares me. I've seen love, I've felt love and I've been in love. But I've also seen and felt how bad it can hurt to try to un-love.
The reasons we run are often extremely personal, and being a runner can take on various meanings. At the same time, though, there are things that many runners hold in common, none of which may be more salient than the hallowed value we place on our sport.

The caged bird sings because it must remember who or what it is at its core. It must await the readiness of choice. A choice to open its inner eyes and recognize the cage is always one of our own making.
Everyone in fitness is a dedicated athlete and works hard every day to achieve certain goals. My goal is to simply shed light on the stereotype that bodybuilding is only about aesthetics and not about performance. Our competitions are certainly focused on how we present ourselves, but the athletic performance has taken place long beforehand.

As Dr. Phil says, \You don't have to like it, you just have to do it.\ This means putting on your running shoes and grabbing your iPod, even as the voice in your head concocts various excuses and ideas to avoid sweating.
A spiritually aware relationship consists of two individuals on their own paths, who've decided to share roadways for a time. Both individuals help each other to learn and grow along those separate paths, while enjoying the experience of both paths meeting up -- sometimes alongside each other, sometimes branching out in different directions.


More than tasty garnishes, here are four ways you can use fresh herbs for holistic field-to-face grooming.

I still have the tough days where the diet industry gets its hooks in me. I still feel a little guilty every time I rip open a little packet of fake sugar. But most days I feel proud of how far I've come. I relish food for the experience it brings, for the sustenance it gives me.

Being busy isn't a bad thing as long as it's purposeful, but too many people go from busy, to addicted to busy, to burned out.
It might sound surprising then to hear that ambivalence can actually be the key to supporting your own change or someone else's. You could choose to view these thoughts as \caving\ or undermining your resolve. Or you could embrace these thoughts and feelings as a natural occurrence of ambivalence, completely expected in most change processes.
Diet cola addicts, I mean drinkers, celebrated a recent study published in the journal Obesity that showed diet-soda drinkers lost more weight than water drinkers. The not-so-discreet news is that the American Beverage Association -- a deep-pocketed organization that supports giants like soft drinks, sports drinks and juice drinks -- funded this diet-soda study.
Success, achievement, wealth, power, innovation are all things to strive for. But is there a way to disrupt the current modus operandi that ironically seems to break us down as it moves us up?

Resistance is a hard-to-grasp concept. Even harder, especially in a short clinic visit, is convincing a patient it's better to avoid antibiotics altogether, unless one really needs them.
Time and lack of appetite are two reason folks skip breakfast. Manufacturers capitalize on these limitations with sugary cereals, snack bars, and other concoctions that skyrocket your blood sugar while providing little if any protein or essential nutrients.
The pressures to achieve material and outward success will come at you from everywhere, and the world will not be generous in leaving you the time to connect with family and friends, to serve others, to fulfill your life in the most important ways. Setting those boundaries and creating that space comes down to you.
Our lives are so busy these days, it's hard not to feel some stress at one point or another.   But life doesn't have to be so stressful.  Here are five simple tips to help alleviate anxiety and stress.

Why has the gluten-free trend taken off like wildfire in the last few years while the FODMAP diet has not really caught on even though it was developed way back in 1999 and shown to have a high success rate for people with IBS and even other gastrointestinal issues?

If we look at chronic disease from this angle, it is an empowering proposition. It is clear that we need to focus policy and incentives at this level to correct the \market failure\ at its source, first and foremost minimizing these negative externalities.
It can be relieving to know the source of trouble in a difficult relationship -- recognizing the patterns is a first step toward figuring out how to take care of yourself.
My father's dream to sing and dance on Broadway came true on his 85th birthday, thanks to Hugh Jackman.

Maya Angelou offered us a portal to see our lives in the form of real-time poetry. She gave birth to breaking through the cage and having the courage to talk about it. She reminds us that every day is a good day, because we never know what truths will emerge when faced with challenges.


Eating well, moving, and cooking don't have to be chores. They can compliment each other so you'll have more time to go back to watching TV or whatever you would rather be doing (although once you start moving to the music you may find you prefer that to watching TV).
The good news is that stress isn't the only thing that's contagious; so is optimism, enthusiasm, positivity, and fun. If you want to feel good stuff reflected back at you, you've got to put something good out there to begin with.
The truth is
Why do people with a mental illness have to be only killers or geniuses? Why is it that being a regular human being isn't enough? What about all the rest of us who aren't artists, poets, musicians or world-class anything?
As my years are folding one into the other, I have come to the immutable fact that there really are no outside \rules\ in life that really work. They are dictated and designed by someone else. So they reside exterior to my own soul.

We're determined in the time we have left to edit out the dishonest plots, tired characters, obsolete themes, and destructive story lines, the creaky set pieces that block us from feeling real. We want to know ourselves in the end and not be deceived by bad fiction.
he State of the World's Midwifery 2014 report will offer a blueprint for maximizing the contributions that midwives can make to health systems worldwide. We have seen the life-saving effect that midwives can have. It is time to put these competent health care professionals within everyone's reach.

We all get stressed out sometimes, and it just happens more to some than others. Anxiety can take years off of your life, so don't ignore it. Take little steps, long breaths and some time to calm down, and you'll be just fine.

The unconscious fears that rule our lives have been hidden away for so long in most cases that we have no idea of their programming running in the background. Fear is usually our default program.
Don't put celebration off for another moment or for a special occasion. Tap into it. Step in and live the joyous power of celebrating and being grateful for life.

There's no doubt we can all make an effort to increase our standing or walking outside of the hours we're expected to sit.


What's the thing that lingers on your heart -- that you just can't stop daydreaming about? Do the thing you would do if you could do anything. It's called your passion. And it's what you should be doing.
As we age, and our natural sleep architecture becomes increasingly fragmented, we should all be doing what we can to try and get a good night's sleep.


I felt so adult in my mid 20s, which I'm grateful for because I'm sure it propelled me to where I am today. But at 32, I can wholeheartedly say I feel much freer and younger in mind, body and spirit.
There are many times during my little skirmish with cancer that I gave in to the physical beating. Friends would call and ask me to do things, and while my heart wanted to say yes, my brain would say \No. I'm too sick.\
While I haven't commented on every episode of violence, I do feel compelled to observe incidents that occur near or on school grounds and college campuses -- places that should be safe and fun as they help us develop the promise of our youth and those seeking to better their lives and those of others. Instead they've become all too often a setting of tragedy and a reminder of the fragility of life.
What impressed me the most about Lindsey is that cancer never defined her. It was just part of her story. The cancer crept into her healthy tissues, her bones, her organs, but it never got to her spirit. It never touched that.

I was immediately entranced by her beautiful, luminous spirit which beamed through the phone, and also by her distinctive, unforgettable, commanding voice. Maya Angelou is the one person whose interviews I did not have to slow down to transcribe -- she talked with such resounding, measured magnificence, as if every melodious word was a treasured gift.
Forgiveness is exactly what needs to be done in order for you to grow emotionally, physically and spiritually.  This is a major component of joyful living.
Consistently choosing immediate reward over delayed gratification is a common problem for compulsive overeaters.  Scientists call this intertemporal choice (IC), meaning choices that differ in the timing of their consequences.



If you are barely breaking a sweat anymore and feel like you are simply going through the motions with your routine -- kick it up a notch! Playing with the inclines and speed will take your mind off of counting down the minutes that pass. It will also make the workout more of a challenge, meaning more calories burned even faster!
Believe that free will is an opportunity to follow your good intentions toward success. Become comfortable with yourself, have faith that your hard work will lead to your success, and channel that drive inwards so that it will project outward and reward you with your dreams.
The key is to continually work toward complete authenticity at which point you will resonate with just the right people. It's a magical key to happiness and success!
If you like standing on your own two feet, taking care of your bones is about as sexy as it gets.
When you don't feel well, the motivation to do something active can be nonexistent. It is much easier to turn the TV on, check out and give into your symptoms. However, with chronic illness, this isn't always the best thing to do.
The zone is something that every athlete has experienced, but for most people, it is an elusive \x\ factor that only comes around on rare occasions. And especially rare when it has to do with burpees.
Over two days we heard from neuroscientists, doctors, musicians, writers, teachers, comedians, artists and a yoga instructor who led what was probably Manhattan's biggest yoga class. I hope the more than 2,000 attendees were able to take home some tools to make changes in their daily lives. But for those of you who weren't able to make it, here are some highlights from the conference.
If we can't trust any prior experts, why on earth should we trust this batch? The message that experts can't be trusted does exactly what it is intended to do
Pro cyclist Allison Tetrick offers tips that make the transition from spin class to tough terrain less terrifying.
Anger and rage can destroy a person's ambitions, potential and dreams. It can even cost their life or the life of someone dear to them. This has been proven time and time again.
Socializing is crucial to your well-being, and if eating out with others is your way of socializing, it is in your best interest to find a way to make it work for you. You can eat out, eat healthfully, and manage your weight at the same time, wherever you eat.


Seven years. That is the difference in the life expectancy of someone living near the Tenleytown-AU station, which is in the District of Columbia, and someone who lives near the Friendship Heights station, which is in Montgomery County, Maryland.

Even when things seem to have gotten as bad as they possibly can, you still have things to be grateful for.
Eisenhower had an incredible ability to sustain his productivity not just for weeks or months, but for decades. And for that reason, it is no surprise that his methods for time management, task management, and productivity have been studied by many people.
One of the biggest complaints you will hear from people during the day is how tired they are.  While lack of sleep can have many causes, sharing a bed with a partner is linked to a decreased ability to sleep well.  But for many, sharing a bed is a sacred part of the partnership.

\The English are not very spiritual people,\ goes the quote, often attributed to George Bernard Shaw, \so they invented cricket to give them some idea of eternity.\ Having arrived in London for the UK publication of Thrive, I can happily say that, when it comes to matters of the soul, the British have evolved quite a bit since Shaw's quip.



Seeking your purpose in the form of something larger than yourself, that beckons you, while keeping short-term self-interest at bay, makes you more likely to find and fulfill it --  while living a long, healthier life.




After the phone call I feel like a tiny tear in the fabric of my own humanity has been restored. All through this simple experiment in empathy.

At first, you may find that your mind wanders quite a lot.  After a while though, you will find that it becomes easier to remain anchored to your object as the waves in your mind start to settle and your thoughts begin to slow.
Although grilling can be one of the healthiest and tastiest ways to cook, a typical BBQ menu of burgers, brats and dogs, and creamy sides can be a diet disaster totaling more than 2,000 calories.
Always, always, it comes back to what a garden means to me. A garden offers structure and reliable cycles. There's the renewal that's visible with each plant and tree, each blossom or new leaf.
We all need to spruce up after a long, trying winter.  There are gardens to plant, closets to clean and clothing to swap.  But while cleaning up your outsides, don't forget the most important part



It took some time to realize that even though my title and pay were the highest they had ever been, this situation was not sustainable. I was spending more time in my car than with my daughter every day, and I found that unnerving.
Here's what I know
I think in turning 40, perhaps it is forcing me to take a step back. Not to look at 40 years that have passed, but rather 14,600 days that have passed -- 14,600 days to make myself either a better person, a worse person or a person that can make a difference in someone else's life.
I have found myself more concerned about my diet soda consumption and seriously wondering about any health side effects. I have gone through cavities, crowns, root canals, bridges, dental implants and an osteopenia diagnosis.
If you're an outdoor adventure addict like I am, the activities you love in the off-season are great for keeping in shape for skiing. Mountain biking, backpacking, hiking, climbing, even stand up paddleboarding and kayaking can help maintain strength and endurance when it's not snowing.
If we want to help veterans transition successfully -- to become as productive in civilian life as they were overseas -- then we need to change how we talk about mental injuries sustained in combat.
In the Andes Mountains of Peru, living in extreme poverty, Filomena Taipe Mendoza, 116 years old, is in the running to become the world's oldest living person. If her claim proves to be true, it would make her three months older than Misao Okawa of Japan, who currently holds the record for the oldest living person.
Hunger is nature's way of telling us that we are energy deficient and should eat. The \genius\ of advertising is that we eat even when we are not hungry and we do so without even being consciously aware of our eating behavior.


I passionately believe that our health and well-being are the foundation in which everything that is important and meaningful in our lives must be built upon. In this complicated world in which we live, if we want to thrive, not merely survive, we must elevate self-care to the highest priority of our days.
\Transformed\ is a big word, but the process doesn't have to be as big and scary as it sounds. Sure, we can achieve total spiritual and mental transformation by venturing down any number of roads
I'll simply ask, \What can I learn and how can I be better for it?\ I think that this thing called life is all about that. Nothing is here to punish us, but to help us become the highest version of ourselves.
A few days ago, the FDA cut the recommended dosage for one of the most popular sleeping pills in half. This brings up some questions -- to put it politely.
Tai Chi is for everyone, and you can do Tai Chi wherever you happen to be in your life and your location.  You don't need special clothes, and you don't need a special place.  Every place is special when you practice Tai Chi there.
Think about this fact

Express love. Be open-minded and non-judgmental. Extend love to yourself and to others. Choose to be loving whenever possible -- it is always possible.
Over 40 years of almost continuous practice

Proclaiming yogurt as an official state snack is a terribly misguided proposal since the majority of yogurt on the market today is full of added sugars. The saddest part is those yogurts marketed to kids tend to have the most added sugars.
If you've ever been on the receiving end of these words, you know that the last thing that you feel like doing upon hearing them is to drop your guard and open your heart. Ironically, that's probably exactly what the person delivering these words is trying to get you to do.

While the consequence of being authentic and great will not likely lead to exile or death in a civilized society, it may lead to rejection. We must ask ourselves, \is being authentic and great worth this rejection?

Choosing between a gym membership and group classes isn't an easy decision.


Remember, you come first.   No one will treat you with love or respect unless you do so first for yourself.  Releasing non-supportive relationships are one of the first ways to do this!




Recovery is your ability to meet or exceed performance in a particular activity. This means that if you walk into your workout and you can't achieve a marked improvement in how much you can lift or how fast you can move, you're battling the underrecovery monster.

My daughter is weeks away from celebrating her seventh birthday. We've experienced additional and unexpected deaths in the family since her paternal grandfather's departure. She often recalls our reading of the children's book that helped her understand the cycle of life.
I really do appreciate all the new science that supports the importance of sleep. But I think today in our modern times, instead of researchers telling us we're arrogantly ignoring our body clocks, we need to be more practical and to do the math.
No matter how old you are or where you live, there's a good chance that you could be deficient in vitamin D. A study published in the New England Journal of Medicine reported that an estimated 1 billion people worldwide have inadequate amounts of vitamin D in their blood.
New experiences can be both exciting and scary, but overcoming your fear, embracing your strengths, and demonstrating curiosity will reap the benefits of personal growth and discovery, contributing to good health.
You can keep living under piles of possessions, whether they're in plain sight or hidden away in closets and spare rooms, or you can choose to finally get free of them. Once you start the purge, you are likely to find yourself feeling lighter and less burdened.

When someone you love is sick, it's like you're sick. My family suffered through my illness perhaps worse than I did. Now that I know this -- I realize that I have a responsibility primarily to my patient but also to their family. Because in the end, everyone suffers together.
Wonder doesn't disappear on its own. We let it go. And we don't have to. In fact, our creativity, imagination and well-being thrive on a degree of being delighted, amused and in awe of the world around us.

The muse loves a life devoted to honoring your true self. She wants you to become who you are. She wants you to feel good. And when you feel good she'll want to hang out with you often.

Stop staying with toxic people. Choose to focus your time, energy and conversation around  people who inspire you, support you and help you to grow you into your happiest, strongest, wisest self.
Before this nation makes Wi-Fi in schools like it is in coffee shops, as the president recently urged, we need to consider what this could do to our children's brains and bodies.
The funny thing about growing up is that we try so hard to fit in, be cool, laugh and love accordingly. Even funnier, the growing up part doesn't suddenly stop when we hit 21 or even 30. It's unique to each of us, like the white tiger's pink paws in fresh snow.
Recent studies are upending the age-old belief that emotions just happen to us. In fact, its just the opposite. We often choose which emotions we'll experience. The problem is, we don't realize exactly how we bring these emotions on ourselves.

Recognizing our worth can be tough when nagged by constant self-criticism, but subduing it is crucial to being authentic to ourselves. Many times a disparaging voice chatters in our head saying we're not smart enough, good enough, or attractive enough.
Nightmares also can have an impact on our moods the next morning, bringing anxiety and difficult emotions into the waking day. New research suggests that nightmares also have an aggravating effect on symptoms of depression, and in combination with insomnia may significantly exacerbate the severity of the mood disorder.
I hope that one day a veteran can walk into any VA hospital or health care facility and be given options for any affliction that they're facing without being put on a waiting list. The government needs to help veterans get access to health care that they deserve.
You have the powerful ability to create your own life. It's absolutely possible. As a matter of fact, your authentic or true self is with you right now. It waits for you. Genuine happiness and success will be yours, when you make the choice to find out who you really are.


Today I'm celebrating the role that being a mom has made in our business. And you know what?\u00a0 It's a pretty damn awesome role, filled with passion and purpose.
The idea that any group is immune to eating disorders is a damaging one, because if a condition is not acknowledged and diagnosed, it will not be addressed, treated, and healed.

Healthy eating is a hot topic these days, and specific diet regimens are even hotter. But the truth is that that isn't one right way for everyone. Period. What's working for your best friend may or may not work for you.
This is different from occasionally overeating or eating too much during the holidays. Recurrent binge eating is much less common, far more severe, and is associated with significant physical and psychological problems.



I am a huge fan of compound movements that work many muscle groups all in one exercise.  Since humans move in all planes of motion, it is wise to train your body in multiple planes through multi-joint exercises so that you can maximize your strength and stamina for everyday life.



Fad diets might be appealing to quickly shed pounds, but they don't lead to lasting weight loss. The key to reaching a healthy weight and staying there is banishing those bad habits and replacing them with healthy, long-lasting routines.

Even though greater access to mass DNA sequencing technology and the emergence of bioinformatics has given us the ability to study the four pounds of microorganisms that make up the microbiome in greater detail, there's still much more that we can learn about the body's \unsung organ.\
Millennials grew up attached to technology, wired 24/7, but Huffington's honest and fundamental perspective provides us a window of reflection into something that is often neglected -- to bring attention on the topic of our well-being.
Today's new reality includes more and more people having multiple jobs and wanting to create additional streams of income. I want to share with you the seven changes that I have implemented in my own life in order to avoid burnout.
As the temperatures rise this season, aim to let cooler heads prevail by focusing on true summer fitness, physical and mental. You can use this summer to work on the \core\ you by starting to ask yourself now, \What will help me strengthen my core self?\
Have you ever wondered why some people are more creative than others? Did you ever wish that you had more of that particular gene?  The good news is that research shows that happiness and creativity are not only related, they can be developed.
What good is a lateral raise if you can't do a proper press? What good is a fancy business logo if you haven't found your first paying customer? What good is a better guitar if you haven't built the habit of practicing each day?
You have two choices... quit or move forward.  Since quitting is not an option, you must push forward.  Sure, the uncertainties of life can overwhelm you, but you are equipped for the task!  It is important to stand in your reality.
I recently attended Arianna Huffington's event, THRIVE, and listened to both Dr. Dean Ornish and Dr. Mark Hyman discussing the significant role of diet in overall well-being. The physical cannot be separated from the mental, and in fact without it thriving is almost impossible.


Let's talk about legs. Since the muscle groups are so large, it means they burn the most calories. They also provide the most energy based on their size, so stronger legs will increase endurance. Increased endurance means less fatigue. Less fatigue means more partying!

The journey is what shapes you into the person you need to be. The successes, failures, experiences, connections, lessons, tears, laughter, and everything in between. I wouldn't be who I am today if I hadn't started working to become it.
Locals know that they are blessed with some of the most unspoiled natural wonders of the world. This means gratitude is the backbone of the Hawaiian heart.
The team sport mindset is tough to replicate after we age out of high school and college athletics, but Tone House gets close.

Even our worst enemies don't talk about us the way we talk to ourselves. I call this voice the obnoxious roommate living in our head. It feeds on putting us down and strengthening our insecurities and doubts.
Have a specific time at night when you regularly turn off your devices -- and gently escort them out of your bedroom. Disconnecting from the digital world will help you reconnect to your wisdom, intuition and creativity.

A fitness tribe is what you make of it. It can be infinitely flexible or it can be a bit more formal, with scheduled workouts, eating plans, and a tribe name (let's go, Cardio Queens!). Still, the most successful fitness tribes have four key ingredients.
Don't worry, I can hear what you're thinking, \How is this related to your cancer, Alexandra?\ Well, let me tell you, my cancer has literally been shit. Some of the grossest, funniest moments since my diagnosis have involved just that -- poo and toilets.
When I have a small opportunity to stop, I can hardly relax. Unclenching, relaxing, relenting requires a kind of headspace I struggle to find. It's not simply untethering from responsibilities or checking items off of a list. For me, I have to relax my own expectations of myself (and others).
At the end of your days, your Facebook friends won't fill the room at your funeral. The ones who do arrive won't commend your text messaging speed or ability to Instagram perfectly filtered photos.
Scientists have studied the mystery of willpower for decades.  Some very interesting hypotheses have been found just in this last decade.


While many professions involve working with the abstract, the derivative, and the representational, nurses deal with the concrete and the real.
There wasn't one person who graced that stage who didn't, at one time or another, think, \This is too much. I can't handle it.\ And everyone who has come around the bend of that stress-induced despair didn't do it by beating stress or \winning,\ but by changing their mindset.


Through several miles of my race, I was preoccupied with whether or not my pace was fast enough to keep me from being swept from the course. It hit me then that I don't want to go through life with people who keep their heads down and press miserably toward their goal. May I choose partners in this race who stop for a selfie with Abe Lincoln or stop to enjoy the sunset when I'm busy rushing my kids out of the playground before dark.


If you thought fitting in five fruits and veggies a day was tough, hold onto your fruit bowl
When I finally touched the ceiling with my right hand, I felt a special pride that I hadn't felt in months -- overcoming an ancient fear and doing something completely new at 58 years of age. It was a great feeling.
On Sunday, on Mother's Day, Paul and the Indiana Pacers will take on the Washington Wizards in a playoff game. Paulette will watch eagerly, perhaps even taking a moment to connect the dots on how far each of them have come in their own struggles.
These days, the conversation is moving away from blaming \fat\ people for abusing food and refocusing on the way food is made.  The entire country has been on a sugar high for most of our lives, and the body needs a break.

I wasn't a perfect match for anything other than rehab, and that didn't come until years later. These guys would soon figure that out. If not on the first date, then definitely by the second or third. Then, on to the next one.
Stereotypes about surgeons do not include the emotions that this surgeon conveys. His profound humanity is an example of wonder at work. His partnership with patients reflects the aspect of his work that touches his soul, and a world view that we are all connected.
In my work teaching older adults, I listen to their issues, guide them in living healthier lives, and build their confidence to keep them moving strong.  I feel I have an honored role.  Together we sort out what matters most in their lives, and find solutions to help them live full, enriched, independent lives.  In return, I receive their joy and wisdom.


When patients have highly-specialized conditions, and there's only a handful of doctors on the planet qualified to treat them, then the power of asynchronous medicine can truly make itself known.
I hold your hand if you are a mother who can no longer see, touch or hold your child in your arms. I walk with you. In silence. I walk with you in respect. And I find a way to travel the depths of sorrow you have to live with every single day. Especially on Mother's Day.
Although it may sound like a clich\u00e9, there is truth to the saying that pain is sometimes the price that we must be willing to pay for growth.
Physical activity is protective of our health and so is spiritual activity.
The more we practice seated meditation in our down time, the more lucid and stable our minds become and the more likely it becomes that we'll use it to engage minor annoyances as they occur in our daily lives.
Examining how these threads come together to create the balances and imbalances informing the relationship can provide insight into what's working and what may need some work.
Coinciding with the publication of a series of articles in the American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene (AJTMH), the new CDC initiative will prioritize five major parasitic diseases, which are considered neglected because they mainly impact Americans who live in extreme poverty, especially in the southern United States and in degraded urban areas of major US cities.
Healthy eating need not be confusing, nor should it require rules, restrictions, or sacrifices in flavor. In fact, we are all biologically hardwired to crave healthy, whole foods. All we need to do is restore ourselves back to what comes naturally.
Since \sleeping on the job\ has long been associated with laziness, I was terrified of being discovered. But because my afternoon naps had such an obvious positive effect on my ability to function in the later hours of the day, I made every effort to sneak them in.

I am tired of keeping quiet about my sadness, energy loss, feelings of worthlessness, and the oversleeping because I am afraid that I will wake up and still be in pain. Silencing our hurt will not heal us. Depression is killing us, more rapidly than we'd like to admit.

Nuts are one of the most amazing foods on the planet. They are loaded with fiber, nutrients and heart healthy fats. They're void of sugar and contain minimal carbohydrates, and best of all, they taste heavenly.


What has been achieved in a relatively short period of time is remarkable and a testament to what the international community can accomplish if it works together with countries hardest hit by the epidemic. Now we can all look forward to the first time the world gives birth to an AIDS-free generation.
Increased volunteer participation in trials offers patients access to cutting-edge treatments and contributes to the development of better treatments to prolong life and eventually drive those cancers into remission.
One morning I really looked in the mirror and understood that the relationship I was trying to save was quietly killing me. The reflected bounce-back of the \me\ in this broken \we\ was a sad, lost lady with only my name riding her face.
Next time you are around horses, breathe deeply and get quiet inside. Tune in to them from your heart and you will feel the depth of these magnificent animals. If you open your heart and soul, you will understand why some of us have a thing about horses.

Wouldn't it be amazing if we could just sleep away our fears? What if there was a way to conquer our fears that involved nothing more taxing than lying down calmly to sleep at night?


Adversity puts you on a road, a journey, where you will face challenges and in the process learn more about who you are and what the deeper meaning of life is for you. That is the takeaway.
So I have a goal. What I'm not clear on is how a human being trains for a 48.6 mile weekend. But here's one thing I do know
Let's not avoid one whole side of that spectrum of emotion, just to put off the appearance of being positive. Let's live as authentically as we can, for the sake of our own health, and the health of those around us.
This month, The Chicago School of Professional Psychology observes Mental Health Awareness Month. It is an occasion to highlight how critical mental health wellness is to our collective well-being, and the growing acknowledgement of the crucial interplay between emotional and physical health.

Totally doable tips to staying slim and fit from some of our favorite healthy ladies. Which star's trick works best for you?
\Look for the wow\ is one of the happiness habits we have been practicing as we develop our poetry writing and photography skills through our interdisciplinary unit on self-expression. We define the \wow\ as the small moments that make life wonderful, the little things for which we can be grateful.
Prescription testosterone is unnecessary and dangerous for women and children, not just most men. Very few medical prescriptions given to a man affect a female partner and family so intimately and affect desired intimacy and passion in just the wrong way.

Despite all the promising new research, advances in brain science have not gotten the attention they deserve from policy makers and the public. Fortunately, that is beginning to change.


Food is not just food, after all, and the fact that I wasn't able to share a normal meal with those who mattered most to me made me feel isolated and alone.







You don't really know much about this whole Paleo thing, but how hard could it be, right?!  Right.  Just remember that old saying


It always sneaks up on you; one minute you're surrounded by chocolates on Valentine's Day, then before you can say \I'm going on a diet\ you're suddenly accepting invites to beach barbecues and pool parties.

This month's top 10 list contains a healthy mix of perennial favorites and relative upstarts. Chart regulars like Shakira and OneRepublic both clock in with their most recent singles.
My mother shaped the woman I would become, the family I would create and the business I would build. In this month that celebrates motherhood, I'd like to share some of my mother's best advice.
You are the only person professionally qualified to be yourself. So why are you spending so much of your time and energy trying to improve, enhance, fix or change the person that you already are?
Everyday experiences come with many lessons to be learned. No matter who you are or where you are from, there are things we will all go through. Here are five fundamentals that life teaches all of us.
Here are simple strategies, which I have seen work for clients trying to lose weight in time for summer and more importantly, help them keep it off and be able to enjoy meals and treats with family and friends.

Trade in the arrogance of dieting for the confidence of body wisdom! Mindful eating is a non-judgmental, flexible approach that frees you up to focus on living your life instead of counting, weighing, measuring and obsessing about food.
We can no longer afford to allow antidepressants to be our sole response to the raging depression epidemic. We must pursue a broader range of solutions.

We all know the satisfaction and relief -- the sense of space -- that comes from spring cleaning our closets. Calendars are like closets. If your calendar runneth over and you don't have time to breathe, it's time for a spring cleaning.

We all know that Americans need more quality sleep, and we know the consequences of skimping on sleep. But do you know how sleep-deprived your particular state is? As a Californian, I would have guessed we are relatively more sleep deprived out here, and ditto for New York. And I would have been wrong.

Smiling is good for you -- both physically and mentally. In fact, there are a slew of scientific studies that prove the physical and psychological effects of smiling. And I'm not talking about fake smiles, but honest-to-goodness smiles that reach your eyes. They not only affect you, but also have an impact on others around you.
Introductions with living patients tend to be hard, because you are asking a stranger to trust you with the utmost intimate details of their lives. Introductions with the dead are harder. They tend to be the most enigmatic patients.
No matter how opposite you may be, chances are there's common ground. Your challenge is to find it, rather than making your partner wrong.

Put on your Wonder Woman underwear, even if they don't fit, and vow to keep them forever. Wear them in times of difficulty. Hold on to your 10-year-old self and feel the wonder that is in you and be the wonderful that you are. You are and will forever be a Wonder Woman.
I have seen numerous adults make a decision about improving their relationships with their mothers. With some work, they were able to launch a truly transformative experience creating a new and supportive relationship with their mothers.


Integrative Medicine is not an invitation to supplant evidence with wishful thinking. It is an invitation to a wider array of treatment options, and the prospect of effectively addressing patient need more of the time. Realizing such potential benefits -- at the Cleveland Clinic, or anywhere else -- requires both open mindedness and careful skepticism.


Yoga feels good. But practicing yoga on a board in the middle of a bay or in the ocean is simply delightful.
I'm not an expert in women's health, dermatology or even cosmetics but I am a woman who has learned from personal experience that acne is more than a skin-deep issue.

Don't disregard the bedroom's effect on your love life. Whether single or in love, enhancing this room affects all aspects of your relationship. And, when we feel loved, in balance and safe in our relationships, all other areas of our life seem to flow.
Garcia M\u00e1rquez has been a part of a long tradition of literary greats who were known to use and/or advocate for homeopathic medicine.
My cancer diagnosis came as a shock to me, completely unexpected, not only because of my young age, but also because I have been an active, health-conscious individual throughout my entire life. My answer to that question was to adapt my old habits to my new life.


As I talk to my fellow survivors I truly can't believe I spent so many years disconnected from this group of my peers with such an incredible shared experience. Through opening up about our stories I am learning so much about this long journey of survivorship we are all on.
It's unwise to try and completely change your diet and lifestyle if you want to be successful at losing weight and keeping it off long term.  It's best to work with what you are doing now and modify it slightly in such a way that you can keep that up for the rest of your life.
The day I found my purpose really was like being born again. It was more than just figuring out what I wanted to do with my life, it was feeling like I finally belonged here in the world; I finally stopped feeling like a mistake.
Trust isn't developed from the absence of conflict, but from developing a healthy process for resolving it. Show me you have the courage to work through our problems and you'll always have my trust.
Life is so much sweeter lived slowly. But I know we all must come to that conclusion in our own time. The commitment to not just succeed but thrive is a personal choice and the time often comes after a wake-up call.
If he calls, we're good enough. If you get the job or get into the graduate program, you're smart enough. If our manager or advisor acknowledges our work, we're worthy enough. No matter how hard you work, when you've given the power to someone else, you'll never measure up.
Many of us grow up with deflating messages that something's wrong with us, we're not good enough, and we don't measure up. When the water we swim in is saturated with shame, we may not notice casual acts of caring or spontaneous expressions of love.
So rather than hiding under a rock, I have learned that processing each lesson the universe sends me is essential for my well-being. I have learned that if I don't want to have to learn that lesson again, I need to do three things
Thriving involves health and wellness. Huffington suggests that we might all draw more, and benefit, from our innate gifts of wisdom, generosity and kindness. I do believe that most patients want their physicians to thrive. I, for one, want my doctors to be well-rested and content.
PMS and PMDD can't be \cured.\ There's no magic solution, but that doesn't mean you have to wave the white flag. Use these tactics to improve your overall well-being and manage your symptoms naturally.
It's okay that things are difficult. That's part of what gives them their savor. Not all fulfilling experiences are grounded in some difficulty, but many are. Honor yourself for the hard things you're dealing with. And be aware of the things that are not difficult in your life, including the things that do support you.
The data compiled in the recent study is scattered in its relevance, based on age, and does not provide any concrete evidence of health concerns due to high-protein diets.

Somehow as I was walking -- and often running -- through my younger years, I thought that I was on my way to arrive at some \place.\ This place was the goal, and there would be a \grown up\ Robin there waiting to welcome me into the full wonder of maturity and adulthood.
Many of my executive clients work 60-plus hours a week still find a way to do things for themselves and their families.  How?  They do it by prioritizing.
An article in the New York Times last Wednesday, titled \An Apple a Day, and Other Myths,\ is perpetuating the misconception that diet does not affect cancer risk. This article calls potential connections between high-nutrient foods and cancer \nutritional folklore,\ and does a great disservice to the American people, discouraging efforts toward improving one's health and quality of life.
This is not another article about what to eat and what not to eat at bedtime. It is, however, about what you consume. You and your brain, that is.
As a long-time napper myself, I can tell you it hasn't kept me from getting stuff done, growing and expanding. In fact for me napping in the middle of the day is a must if I want to remain\u00a0productive and sane.

I had finally found meaning in my own work by focusing inward, being present enough to observe some interesting trends going on around me, and following two passions deep in my belly
Like a butterfly, happiness is always elusive
Ironically, too many choices can sometimes lead to us making no choice. Limiting choice can improve our chances of actually making a decision and then staying committed to that decision. We put mental blinkers on and fully commit to what is in front of us.
The breakthrough that will lead us to the life we want, cannot happen without first examining the life we have been living. With everything we are managing and enduring, we may have lost touch with the vision of who we wanted to be and how we wanted to live.
However nice it was, my days wearing that particular pair of mind-blowingly tight black jeans didn't actually win me much in the way of happiness. I realized that the things that bothered me -- like my inability to feel confidence in my own worth -- weren't just about my body. They were about a state of mind that living in that body had fostered.







With my anniversary approaching, I sat down with my journal and read my words from a time when everything seemed darkest.  I was in the middle of worst part of my treatment.
Ever walk into the gym wondering if you are doing everything \right\? We all make mistakes, and while some are glaring and obvious, others may be simple and hard to recognize. Either way, most people don't realize how much these mistakes may contribute to lack of progress in the gym.

Sometimes the money just isn't worth the price of peace we find ourselves paying. Like pruning a plant of dying branches, periodically pruning your business of troublesome clients is a necessity.
You may not have the 24/7 schedules or the non-stop press scrutiny that the royals do, but every couple gets to the point when the stress and tension of everyday life turn those funny quips turn into sharp barbs that hook under the skin. Don't worry, it happens to everyone -- yes, even to Kate Middleton and Prince William.




Meditation, yoga, exercise, breathing techniques, nutrition and mindfulness are all very useful ways for everyone to stay well or manage a host of chronic illnesses, not just those in my field. How can we get these techniques broadly into a diverse population that could benefit?
Whilst the road has hardly been figured out yet (seems like quite the opposite in recent months), there's a few things that have stuck so far and that I try to keep in mind.
To help asthma sufferers identify the best and worst cities to live in the U.S., NerdWallet analyzed available data on asthma prevalence, air quality, cost and access to asthma care in the 50 largest U.S. cities.

I'm excited to join in the exploration of healthy ways of living at the upcoming conference, Thrive, with Arianna Huffington and Mika Brzezinski. I'm looking forward to discussing the importance of cultivating meaningful connections in this digital age with Arianna and Alanis Morissette.

May is High Blood Pressure Education Month, making this is a great time to discuss this condition -- what it is, why it matters and what can be done about it.
Knowing \thyself\ is always going to be at the heart of learning. But hopefully, it will now become a priority and central feature of education in a widespread way.


Incorporate this \move of the day\ into your regular exercise regimen or just take a few minutes to give it a try. Each day will be a different move, so you can do each one back to back or individually.
I think most of us tend to go through life thinking that other people have it so much better than we do and Facebook makes it easy to keep that theory alive. Taking this vacation from Facebook helped me decide to give up on the idea that my life as a whole will be perfect in every aspect.  This has allowed me to be a much happier version of myself.
What I know about my own personal relationship to the screen in my pocket is that I grew dependent, not on the access to information or the potential for connection, but to the very empty promise of validation. I chose to use my various accounts as a chance to display and impress.



I know it can be hard to be patient, but you have to learn to trust the process. All things come to those who trust, have patience, and show up for what they need to experience,


I always welcome the opportunity to dress up, an obvious leftover from my upbringing, but I also welcome the occasional question about why I do it. It's a very simple answer -- it makes me feel good.

Sitting in meetings, or just talking to people outside of them, I'd hear stuff that some could say was were nearly clich\u00e9-like in its simplicity but it made so much sense that I couldn't help repeating it to nearly everyone I came into contact with.


We are all going to die.  Our parents are going to die. There is nothing any of us can do to stop that. So if you truly love someone, help that person find the most happiness they can during their time on this plane of existence, even if that shortens it slightly. I'd rather have five good years than eight lousy ones.

Here are five basic tips to help us all recognize the power of compassionate communication -- with our colleagues, clients and ourselves (and well, everybody else).

I hear this from people all the time

Supplements are not benign agents that can only help or at worst do nothing. A growing literature suggests that the effect of supplementation is largely defined by the nutrient status of the individual.



We often think that we want an open road and the ability to choose any direction for ourselves. But sometimes, what we need is a tunnel that can reduce our choices and send us in a focused direction.





Change is liberating and healing and plain unavoidable. The more we welcome it, the more profoundly positive its impact. We know we can survive and overcome.
Do not pay attention to the content of the thought. Instead, regard verbal thoughts as nothing more than a mental sound. Your job is just to stay open and uninvolved with the thought, listening to it (or not) as you might to birdsong or the sound of a stream.
I found out it was like to hold a living heart and liver, still warm, in your hands, and to see the heart being sewn back into another person. I discovered what it feels like to stay at the hospital until it is nearly almost empty, but still have the energy to call your mother bursting with excitement.
The very granular strategy of choosing foods with shorter ingredient lists allows for cutting out many superfluous grains of salt by way of improving overall nutritional quality. There should be no controversy in that.



Instead of judging whether you made the right decision based on people's reaction to your time investment, you should measure it by this question
While there are strong arguments for the games' unique potential as vehicles for a deep, experiential understanding, it is our experience that these kinds of mental health games tend to polarize.
My wake-up call marching orders were clear
It is very difficult for some people to see anything as happening separate from and not in relation to them. People who suffer with this view of the world experience everything as a reflection and commentary on who they are, an abandonment or affirmation of themselves.
Our thoughts and feelings are powerful, but many are based on old ways of seeing, and not reflective of the truth. We are not looking at the world through clear lenses.
