And just as soon as I try and boast of some superlative insight or immunity to things and stuff myself, I will have thrown
Maybe you've suppressed grade school cafeteria memories, but there is one aspect of the lunch room that your grown-up self might covet
Best Big-City Neighborhoods ** Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and
Even if a rug doesn't look dirty, moths could have laid eggs in the rug, and you don't want to bring that into your house.
As a general rule, it's wise to take 20 percent less than what the bank will lend you.
Whether you're ready to admit it or not, it's pretty safe to say, cell phones are taking over our lives. No surprises there
If you've stayed away from vertical blinds when decorating your home for fear of it looking like a dentist office, there's
No matter where we go on vacation, the hotel is admittedly the destination we look forward to most. But all of that four
The first day of spring doesn't just mark the day we can finally throw open our windows and get some fresh air, it also marks
I'm officially declaring 2014 the perfect time to renew our love for outdoor living! Here are five simple things we can do to get started for spring and make an environmental impact.
Realty listing site Zillow shows most homes for sale in East English Village have prices ranging from $15,000 to over $100,000
The bathroom is likely the smallest room in the house -- and a room you're less likely to redecorate. Short of renovating
Trying To Keep Your Throw Rugs In Place A throw rug can go from pretty to pesky in 2.5 seconds, or the minute they start
** Not only does springtime signal the start of chirping birds and blossoming buds, but it marks the time that we can finally
Architect Craig Steely will turn your idea of Hawaii living on its head. The black lava fields that surround his modern designs
Founders, Lisa Robison an Kim Turner have created a high spirited interior design-related way for many to contribute creatively to families who struggle with homelessness and poverty. What they have created is inspiring and worth a deeper view.
I am a big proponent of paying down that ugly mortgage beast as soon as is practical. But, before you go cutting a check to the bank, there is a pecking order of financial priorities you need to address before you consider tackling your mortgage.
Once you know the basic tenets of this practice, organic vegetable gardening is simple. And the payoff is enormous
An accent color wall or an interior room repaint will liven up a home. With little money and just a day or a weekend, your house can have new a new look and a new life. Be adventurous!
Sourwood Caladium Genus
Famed architect Frank Lloyd Wright once called his Darwin D. Martin house in Buffalo, N.Y. \the most perfect thing of its
When I wake up... I, without fail, wish that I could sleep a little longer. There is too much... electronic communication
Vintage shopping is one of those things that you either love...or shudder at the thought of. If you're in the latter, I'm
When selecting paint colors for bedrooms, the first thing to consider is temperature. While warm colors advance toward the
It was only a matter of time. Adjustable-rate mortgages--the apocalyptical financial product of the recent economic collapse--are coming back in a big way.
Joey's parents wanted to come visit and see our first house so we had to quickly get the guest room guest-ready! Watch the video above to see the entire transformation including how we spruced up a thrift store dresser in a matter of hours.
The message these elections have hammered home, and here the \context\ does matter, is the apparent lack of willingness on the part of these groups to continue to live together.
This is the week commonly known as High Point Market, the largest home furnishings trade show in the world, when over 10,000,000 (yes, you read that right!) square feet of furniture is displayed.
Whether you're unsure if you can even afford to buy, are concerned about your credit, don't know how to get a loan, or find yourself overwhelmed by different real estate options, these apps and websites will make your life easier and facilitate the process from start to finish.
1. Turn it into a home bar. Adding a home bar doesn't have to be as complicated as a whole kitchen renovation, nor does it
Buying in bulk can end up being a catch-22 when you're starring at the same bag of raisins for a year. Read more on larchmont.patch.com
5. Time Out ... For Sport Enthusiasts Only 4. Get Ready to Be Bulled-Over Address
Life is expensive! Use your talents to help defer the cost.
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Curb appeal can be difficult to get right, since there's often much work to be done
Sewing machines have unexpected uses beyond fixing a hem or adding a button. You can use it turn plastic bags into fabric, bind a book and more.
It's been a long winter, but I don't have to tell you that. Who isn't going to want to kick up their heels and celebrate when the warm weather hits. Here's a list of my entertaining favorites to have you party ready when the spring sun shines and the daffodils bloom.
Think Murphy beds are a genius idea? Then you'll love this toilet. Not only does it save major space by essentially folding
Dancing requires physical awareness, precision, rhythm, soul, memory and coordination. And whether people realize it or not, modeling and dancing are two closely related disciplines. Both require you to use your body, know your body and express with your body.
Buying a home can be a wonderful investment and, not to mention, an exciting new life step. But between shopping for mortgages
Like a great partner, the right home will likely fulfill needs you didn't even know you had. The biggest challenge is being able to identify this match. Sometimes it is right under your nose, buried between the old haunts, the turnoffs and the plain lanes.
Not all kitchen remodels cost an astronomical amount of money. There are many budget-friendly avenues to explore when the decision has been made to move forward with the process.
Take a decadent dip in this divine lap pool. You can almost imagine Aphrodite herself going for a swim! Other parts of the
There are some moments in motherhood that have us scratching our heads and asking, why? Gum in the hair falls into that category
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. ** Thanks to the latest
Pools, fancy gyms, even private dog parks -- these high-class perks have become normal in the spendier echelons of D.C.'s
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Sometimes we see a
Want to add some fab eco-friendly style to your home but have no time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just
Instead
The change of seasons and the stack of new, fresh catalogs that it brings into my mailbox never fails to inspire me. At holiday
Just because you're shopping on a budget doesn't mean you can't buy better materials. Even if you're shopping at IKEA, choose pieces that are made of solid wood as opposed to particle board (believe it or not, they do exist!).
Years ago, Americans used to know how to make things that would last. We seem to have forgotten that skill and for decades now have adopted the practice of just buying something new from halfway around the planet and throwing the old into the landfill.
When it comes time to make the worthwhile investment of redesigning your kitchen, it's easy to get swept up in what's trendy
Bargaining at flea markets is just part of the language and culture, and it's been going on for centuries. For those who are still uneasy, I offer these six easy tips:
Fair market rent, which is set by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, is calculated with the idea that
A broad topic coffee table book about design will do nothing for him. But, a book about the grains of different types of wood or an encyclopedia of sailing knots will be referenced more times than you can imagine.
Flipping Out airs Wednesdays at 10/9C on Bravo. Be sure to watch Wednesday, March 26 for a special Flipping Out episode featuring
Remember to recycle and donate whenever possible. Now you are on your way to bringing new and wonderful experiences and opportunities into your life.
A simple change like rearranging your furniture can be as exhilarating as a complete d\u00e9cor update -- without the price tag. Seeing the beautiful things you already own in a new light can make the old feel new again.
Small spaces lend themselves to creative organizational hacks
We spoke to Schwartau to see just how she managed to do this, and asked her to share her advice for other young homebuyers
Whether you're a homebody or just enjoy a good cocktail party, a home bar is a must. But while most of us call a corner of
There will always be a place for tasteful taxidermy in a rustic space -- a skull, a pair of antlers -- but ditch decoupage, glitter, or paper mache animal heads. They're fun and trendy now, but when have you ever seen a pink glittered deer in the wild?
3. Tenafly, NJ 2. Ladera Ranch, CA 17. Highlands Ranch, CO 12. Wilton, CT Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home
From gold-foil notebooks to a heated cast-stone bench, update any living space with one of these fresh pieces.
Every item in your life should have its own home so that you know exactly where it is when you need it. When you're done using an item, put it back in it's home to avoid the headache of having to search for it later. Remember, there's no such thing as organized chaos, only chaos.
(But you probably should.)
Wait, you thought adulthood meant fewer rules to follow? Oh you sweet, na\u00efve cherubs.
Now that we have had a sneak peak at spring, it is giving us hope that the worst of the winter weather is behind us. You
Your realtor can be a valuable resource in gathering information for you and getting the answers to your questions from the seller's agent. In the meantime, you can be proactive and do some of your own research.
Does size really matter? Well, when it comes to interior decorating it's definitely hard to argue that it's not a factor
The inset alcove or altar, as we're calling it, is just begging for a whimsical DIY project. The mantle is the first thing you see when you walk in our front door so it's the perfect place to establish the design for the overall house.
This color also looks fantastic as it reflects perfectly off the mirrored lighting. Or enough leather-bound books to fill
These tiny props are super easy to make for this St. Patrick's Day. Use them to pose with in photos, decorate some cupcakes or those weird green bagels or just display them on your desk at work for some festive fun. Happy St. Paddy's Day!
To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list here. Your information will
The bathroom is the ultimate private spot in your home. It's where you start your day and begin your night. (And for 35 percent
Choosing a paint color can be tricky, to the point where people will keep whatever's up on the walls (even if they hate it
When you feel stuck in your clutter, the way out of the inertia is to start to clutter bust. You may not feel ready. You might think you'll do a lousy job. You could be thinking of 20 other things you'd rather do. You may think it's the last thing you want to do.
Spring has likely made you giddy and creative, not to mention eager to de-clutter. Redecorating on a budget, though, is tricky. Who wants to an interior decorator (or banker) to make an old house new?
In 1958 and 1959, influential Modernist architect Harwell Hamilton Harris designed what many consider to be one of his best buildings, the Cranfill Apartments in Austin, Texas.
Update, March 14, 5:45 p.m.
Kitchen and bathrooms sell. Studies show buyers are most interested in, and most critical of, kitchens and bathrooms. If you have some money to put into your home, spend it here.
It seems that this perennially popular look is gaining more and more fans by the minute!
The only thing worse than your boyfriend barfing in your handbag might just be your cat peeing on your purse. But no matter
While we are still left wondering what Sarah Jessica Parker's real closet looks like, we can at least tell you this -- a
If you've ever passed by an abandoned cottage and wished you had the time, talent and resources for renovation work, you're
Wondering how to get started? Here are a few tips and tricks to make spring cleaning a breeze.
How many times have you bought a car and after you bought it, you've realized that there were some questions you never considered till after the fact? Don't feel bad. Unless you're a professional car salesman, there's very little you could have done. It's hard to buy a car.
Supporting your child's creative streak is practically a mandate for parents, but art appreciation goes out the window when
As a predominant design element, wallpaper is definitively back, but quite literally this isn't your grandmother's decor. Gone are the frilly florals and chintzy damasks.
Don't think your house will pass the white glove test next time you're entertaining? Ditch the mop and head for the kitchen
So if you're not ready to completely ditch the hustle and bustle of a major metro for the small town suburban experience
\Your home is the best place to start experimenting with color,\ she explained. \If you have a neutral sofa and you put a
The American Society of Landscape Architects recently released the results of its 2014 Residential Landscape Architecture
With fewer things in your home, you have fewer surfaces to catch dust and more space to actually maneuver the vacuum cleaner. Of course, if you're a pack rat, this is no easy task for you.
Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know. This eclectic mix of designer and non-designer vintage
Resized And Displayed In The Panes Of An Old Window Mounted And Grouped Monochromatically, Like This Art Arrangement On Clipboards
There's not a lot you can do to increase the amount of sunlight coming into your home \u2014 unless you're planning on a major
No one wants to think about natural disasters, but preparing for them is an important step to keeping your family safe. Watch
In The Kitchen Bonus tip for straightening iron users
Amy and Joe McIntosh, who live near Chicago during the week, had been searching for a vacation house for three years, visiting
We've already covered some of the best ways to create storage when you're living in a tiny space, and fortunately, there
I've got a hit list of things to consider and questions to ask before buying vintage furniture online, so you can be sure to rule out a lot of issues before you take the big purchasing plunge.
One person's \flexibility\ is another person's \lack of stability.\ And one person's \stuck\ is another person's \steady.\ The way you'll feel about buying vs. renting is very much in the eye of the beholder.
When unpacking a house, chances are you're not going to be able to unpack everything in one swoop.
If there's one decorating idea that tends to inspire an unusually big debate, it's color. What's a gorgeous sun-kissed green
As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. GET READY, GET
It turns out that grammar and spelling matter to homebuyers. In fact, 43.4 percent of 1,291 people surveyed online said they would be much less inclined to tour a home if its online listing contained misspellings or improper grammar.
Some utilities may be covered in the rent, and others may not. Ask if cable, gas and electric and trash removal are covered
There is a homebuying myth that needs dispelling. It has to do with mathematic certainty. The truth is, no formula exists for knowing if and when you should buy a home. Ask most economists and they'll tell you that there are far too many emotional factors involved.
In many parts of the country, there's a rumor floating around that something called \spring\ will come, bringing relief from
One of the most popular and enduring designs is a vintage-look in your bedroom, which is something that you can create by combining some classic design elements with just the right colors and elements.
No room, no problem. Well, at least it isn't when you have interior designer Nate Berkus reminding you that no matter the
A good Oscar party (as with any party) should be easy and fun. Here are our 5 simple steps for creating a simple Oscar party.
8. No. Bathroom. Lines. In our grandparents' day, people dressed up to go to a friends' house for cocktails. Would it kill
4 Orange County, CA -21% Even small differences in home-price appreciation have large effects on the average monthly cost
It's vital that you make the switch to natural cleaners because traditional cleaning products contain volatile organic compounds (VOCs) that lead to serious illnesses and even cancer. Natural products work just as effectively and use organic oils or plant-based properties to enhance the aroma of the product, not dangerous synthetic fragrances.
With several more weeks of winter and a couple polar vortices probably still to come this winter, it's no wonder you've found
A well designed place doesn't mean you have to spend your life savings on interior decor. The three most important things to consider when designing your bachelor pad
The one phrase that keeps many of us living with the same old look we don't exactly love
As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. PLEASE NOTE that
I want to throw an Oscar viewing party for my friends so I came up with some fun DIY decor ideas that are easy to do in your home, apartment or dorm.
What better way to take in all that high-wattage entertainment, the victory speeches, the red carpet gowns, and the spectacle than by inviting some friends over for a high style affair in your own home?
When it comes to closet space, the only thing worse than knowing you physically cannot fit one more shirt in your hanging
Looking to make a bold impact with your bedroom decor? We showed you unusual items to use as nightstands last week, but the
Hang Up Your Pots And Pans Farmhouse Kitchen by Boulder Architects & Designers Fieldwork Architecture Rethink Kitchen Curtains
5. You're going overboard with fabric softener. Look, we get it. It smells nice and it does make everything nice and cozy
Vivaldi Collins Glass Acrylic Stemless Wine Glass Acrylic Dinnerware Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter
Construction permits (Census) -1.4% The regional patterns in housing activity will also help reveal whether weather mattered
If you're not afraid to get a little crafty in the name of organization, this DIY vinyl wall organizer may take a little
Here in America, we tend not to let old falling-apart homes stick around for long. Either a brave soul finds it in their
Puzzle Salt and Pepper Shakers We can definitely see these \fitting in\ in our homes. Trunks Full Of Taste Shaker Set Elephants
Why not warm up by looking at the forecast of spring trends in home decor? Here are a few of my favorite home design trends you'll be seeing in the upcoming months.
The clever world of toilet paper roll crafts boasts an impressive amount of projects that can be conjured up with a piece of cardboard that usually incurs waves of dread. The best part about these eco-friendly crafts? Even if you mess up, odds that you can still recycle them are high.
For those items you take or purchase and end up not needing, try to reuse them before trashing them. It's a little hobby I like to call Upcycling.
Handwriting is more than a means to bring thoughts to paper. It has a personality and individuality that Lucida Handwriting will never possess, and it has the ability to translate love more personally and more beautifully than any preprinted, store-bought card.
If it looks like a charming cabin, is structured like a charming cabin and is designed like a charming cabin, it must be
I've only been bitten by the \plant bug\ recently in the last few years, but it's been really fun discovering and learning
Last spring, when a friend moving to New York offered McDonald his one-bedroom 1930s cottage to use as an office, she jumped
AFTER
(Click on Pic for More Info and Auction Links) Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest
We won't even try to deny how much better our lives are with the invention of the dishwashing machine. Think of how much
You know you can always count on IKEA for meatballs and reasonably-priced sofas. But the Swedish company has gradually expanded
You may know Lee and Morty Kaufman as the stars of the most recent Swiffer campaign, but we know them as the 90-year-old
Whatever the reason, be it a need for a little more space, a less-expensive lifestyle or just the desire for some quieter
Make It All About Sports Modern Media Room by Grapevine Architects & Designers Van Trease Constructors Place It Under An
$1,050 -8% 19 Seattle, WA -34% $1,450 -19% 0% $800 -18% 1 Sacramento, CA -40% -13% $2,300 # U.S. Metro 2-bedroom discount
And if you did, you would be forced to order off a themed menu. Oysters. Lobster. Chocolate, 30 different ways. That's not
Set the scene for love in your bedroom by practicing the ancient art and science of Feng Shui that uses your environment to activate your personal intentions.
This looks a whole lot more appealing right about now
If you've taken the Design Valentine quiz, you've been matched with an iconic designer who makes your heart sing. Ready to take the plunge and invest in some designer home decor created by your Valentine?
Look out, beige, ivory and cream, there's a new group of neutrals in town -- and they're fabulous. With \just enough hue
While you're staring down the clock to V-Day, here are a handful of ideas for fun, quick projects that are still cute and personal. No need for the discount aisle after all.
This year, why not hold a party for all your single friends and their single friends. The idea being that every fantastically interesting single person you know knows a similarly fantastic single someone that you may not know.
So, you've got it bad for \the one\ -- you know, the one that keeps you awake at night fantasizing about the day when you can be together. Wait a second. We aren't talking about that one -- we're referring to a different kind of love affair
In 2009 I moved into a 200-square-foot cottage. The rent and location were awesome, but there was one problem. Half my stuff didn't fit in the place. So I got rid of it. Furniture, old clothes, books, shoes, art. And you know what? I haven't missed any of it since.
29 percent of women and 36 percent of men cultivate a new house crush on a weekly basis 26 percent of women and 19 percent
A recent Gifts.com survey proved that if you really want your partner to be happy on Valentine's Day, you're going to have
If spending a small fortune on store-bought greeting cards doesn't appeal to you and you have an old phone book, scissors, and glue, maybe a bottle cap or two (and a bit of imagination), you can create a Valentine that expresses love for both your partner and the planet.
25 Best Places for Affordable Homes To discover more details of the report, head over to CNNMoney. ** But whatever the driving
To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list here. Your information will
Valentine's Day is coming up this week, but if you needed that reminder...you probably haven't really started thinking about
Add A Kitchenette Contemporary Basement by Portland Design-Build Firms Mosaik Design & Remodeling How to Get Your Basement
A few of us made resolutions this year to finally get our homes nicely organized so we can finally have people over without
Houzz.com Best for
Flowers, the universal symbol of love are also a matter to be concerned about. Flowers are given to moms, wives, girlfriends
While not all closets are created equal, it's safe to say that no matter how little, how awkwardly shaped or how spacious
How many times have you moved? What were the reasons? Moving is stressful and a ton of work so why do we do it? It turns out we have very good reasons, often big life changes.
Before you can even think about combining design styles, you've got to first combine the things you own. Whether you are getting a new place or one of you is moving into the other's place, these tips can help.
I've always just looked at is as another way of expressing myself, and hopefully, fairly representing my fianc\u00e9. I have now realized that my decorating style has its roots in my mother. That tea tin brought it all back.
A purchase that looks like a home run from the outside, may have actually resulted in a loss.
I was reminded that at the end of the day our stuff -- is just that -- it's just stuff. It's just that so much of our stuff has so much meaning.
We bring good news, bargain-hunting friends
7) A washer-dryer. OK, we know this isn't always possible. But even an apartment-sized stack washer-dryer set is better than
And while we of course appreciate the value of a quality, time-well-spent DIY project, we say it's time to moderate our enthusiasm
Actor John Ratzenberger worked as a carpenter before landing the role of Cliff, the disgruntled postal worker who loved spending hours at the local bar with his buddies. And in the years since \Cheers\ concluded its 11-season run, Ratzenberger has returned to his woodworking roots.
The last time we checked in with the magnificent Bob Hope estate back in March, it was up for sale for $50 million. Now it's
The more detail you can muster, the more tools you give the landlord to fix the problem. Records also show that you mean business, and it starts a paper trail in case you need to take additional measures.
The Bathroom GP Bathroom fixtures that monitor your health while you do your business? That's exactly what this series of
We spend so much time in our kitchens (it's where everyone always ends up in my home when I'm entertaining), so they should be efficient and feel-good places in which to hang out.
Orange Modern Bedroom by Seattle Architects & Designers McClellan Architects Coral Contemporary Bedroom by Miami Interior
From setting up an apr\u00e8s-ski bar, a coffee or hot chocolate bar to featuring a feast using the foods and drinks of Sochi, no matter what you do, it's a great occasion to get creative and go for gold!
Do you ever dream about what it would be like to live in Downton Abbey? The glamorous, aristocratic lifestyle, the formal and luxurious interior design. I worked with Vi from Tastemaker to create an interior design inspired by Downton Abbey.
5. A little touch of vintage or history goes a long way. Sentimental decor -- think old photos, vintage signs and artwork
Cookware Take a very, very close look before you tote that darling enamelware fondue pot home. If there's even a tiny chip
Community foundations in other parts of the U.S. see the value in engaging high school youth. The Foundation for MetroWest
Forget blue for boys, pink for girls and yellow for originality's sake -- nurseries are getting more stylish than ever before
Instead of pondering how many days until summer, consider cleaning up your mess -- starting with organizing all that winter gear. To keep your hats, gloves, scarves and snow boots in order, here are the best ways to stop the blizzard of clutter.
When you hear the word \IKEA,\ you tend to think more budget-friendly basics, step-by-step instructions and maybe even your
Downton Abbey is set in the early 20th century, a time when beauty and bath products were made with essential oils and natural ingredients. At bath time, turn back the clock in favor of products that are toxin-free, sustainability-focused, and made without toxins such as Diethanolamine (DEA), sulfates and other synthetic ingredients.
If you're looking to do some home improvement projects this year, sprucing up the outside of your home is going to give you the biggest bang for your buck.
Whether you're refinancing your home loan or planning to buy a home in 2014, you'll be among the first consumers to apply for a mortgage under new rules.
People constantly ask, \How do you get on these shows?\ My answer is always that it's a combination of luck, logistics and these five tips that can help you get that home makeover of your dreams.
My boyfriend (and now legally married boyfriend) Joey and I just bought our first house in the Los Angeles area. I'm very excited to share with you the first episode of OMG We Bought A House! -- a series Joey and I are doing about buying, renovating, moving in and decorating our first home.
All small towns have their perks -- from the peace and quiet to the lack of tourists (and not to mention, the simple fact
Let's face it
7. Who said anything about a full-size shelf? 2. Store hair tools on stick-on hooks. 15. Attach an empty tissue box to your
If you love vintage furnishings but have absolutely zero time to go on the hunt at estate sales, thrift shops and flea markets
Don't be afraid to go with a dark exterior. Even if it's only repainting the front door or mailbox. Bonus tip
This eclectic mix of designer and non-designer vintage home finds caught my discerning eye because of their uniqueness, contemporary
And while the furniture does let you take a power nap to help the creative juices flow, when something stems from the desire
We think it's great to wear your heart on your sleeve! Or your walls. The owner of this luxury loft in downtown Indianapolis
We don't know about your hearths, but the recent sub-zero temperatures have left our homes and our hearts a bit cold to the
French Grey, by Behr (Yes, they call it \grey\ instead of \gray.\) Traditional Kids by Wilmington Interior Designers & Decorators
As thousands of industry execs and hundreds of headliners gather at the Staples Center in Los Angeles this Sunday evening for the 56th Annual Grammy Awards, over 26 million of us will be tuning in. What better time to host a viewing party for friends and family?
If you thought your first apartment (or dorm room) was small, check out this 620-square-foot micro-apartment in Spain. While
They say your home is your castle, and here, that's literally true. We've scoured the land from coast to coast and found
Image courtesy Flickr user stoic Lego Bricks Although Jem didn't have the longevity of many of the other 1980s toys, this
Every now and then, we find a piece of furniture we would just die to have in our homes. But thanks to this bed, that phrase
Every house has a history -- but these places give that phrase a whole new meaning. Once a president sleeps somewhere, that
Wading through your accumulated items may be a bit overwhelming, but it's not as bad as moving to your new home with a bunch of boxes filled with things you don't need.
Step 4
Based on the proportions of a Swedish friggebod, a tiny shed that requires no planning permission to build, the Chameleon
Though it's a pretty big appliance, we don't think much about our refrigerator -- that is, until something goes wrong. Expensively
DISCLOSURE
Toothpick Mobiles In case the last project didn't quite convince you that \toothpick DIY\ is rarely a good idea... DIY Confetti
So you want to pare down your belongings. But how much, exactly, do you get rid of? And how can you prevent stuff from simply
But what about when the cause of your tossing and turning is not so obvious? Well, according to an infographic created by
If you're thinking of selling your home in 2014 or just want to ramp up your home value, it's important to educate yourself on which improvement projects will bring you the most return on your investment.
Use Glass Jars For Storage Eclectic Bathroom Add Art Other by Minneapolis Interior Designers & Decorators Happy Interiors
Wondering where this vintage style came from and how it made its way back into modern interiors?
Try It In A Small Space, Entryway Or Hall Traditional Hall by Chicago Interior Designers & Decorators Branca, Inc. Black
There is absolutely nothing that we don't love about Betty White. So, in honor of her 92nd birthday, we're taking a look
Like we said, definitely not your superhero's butler. If you hear the word \butler\ and think of someone like Bruce Wayne's
Good Cleaning Products You can find Dr. Bronner's products, in addition to private label brands. Pet Products Specifically
If you've an extra $32,000 a month you'd like to spend then this is your opportunity to live like a Playboy (or at least
When you move into a home, you don't just inherit a new living space -- you also (sometimes unfortunately) inherit whatever
The real questions that I want to answer are
Planning on taking the plunge and moving into a new place with your significant other? Moving day can be one of the most exciting experiences of the journey -- as long as everything goes smoothly, of course.
If you had a million dollars, you could buy yourself a hell of a fancy house in Detroit. Or a sweet little condo with ocean
If you like the energy-saving benefits of a CFL but kind of hate the light emitted from the bulbs, we present you with a
Miller owns the house. He bought the place for $90,000 in 1977; Schumer moved in in 1982, with Durbin arriving 10 years later
83.0% 9 Construction equipment operators 77.8% 74.9% To discover whether real estate professionals are especially committed
With spring being the busiest time for real estate, homeowners planning to put their homes on the market shouldn't wait for flowers to bloom before getting ready to sell.
Do not hesitate with your plans and decisions, because this year everything happens very quickly! It will be startling in
We always hear tip-based stories about clever ways to cut your spending, but many of them come with a lifestyle change to
10. Change those knobs and pulls. Just because you didn't choose the cabinetry doesn't mean it can't be customized. 5. Try
The most current house of the future debuted this week, where we learned that our homes will just be giant Siris for us to
Whatever the reason, Oregon managed to dethrone Washington, DC, which held the top spot for the previous five years. Look
Take a look at the slideshow below to see what we mean. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions
Here's all the proof you need that a great room doesn't have to be a space that belongs on a decor magazine cover. Nope. Sometimes
Earlier this year, when our team was gathering to talk about our plans for 2014, we each discussed feeling happy and proud
The most common complaint about mornings is that they're, well, mornings. We know few people who actually enjoy waking up
That's good news
Check our the photos below to see more of this amazing bit of 1970s style. And for an even closer look at the home (along
What works and what doesn't? Watch the video to find out. From eating Tic-Tacs the right way to folding a shirt like a boss
While no one can predict with certainty what the housing market holds in store for 2014, a constant in real estate is always that local markets vary widely in their performance.
For many Americans, a new year means a new budget -- especially if a move is in your future. And if you're thinking of heading
Staying indoors with the heat cranked up isn't enough to stay warm when temperatures hit the subzero mark. To really stay
If you're tired of the price tag that comes with maintaining your wardrobe, there's good news
A classic city townhouse is on the shortlist of nearly everyone's fantasy real estate purchases. One couple, Jennifer and
No detail was overlooked at this palatial estate in Scottsdale. The privately gated manor has 10 fireplaces, a gourmet kitchen
Want to add some fab eco-friendly style to your home but have no time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just
In about 1970, a woman bought a plate in Rhode Island for under $100, which she hung in her kitchen upon her return home
Most Flattering For Skin Tones
Not all designers take time to \recognize [their] muses\ -- but Jonathan Adler is not all designers. In the series finale
We've seen so many \life-changing lifehacks\ that we think in the Impact font. While some hacks have been debunked or best
Editor's note
Once the county approves a seawall, it's a slippery slope, he said, because \it will start a domino effect down the beach
Despite the urge to curl up in bed and hibernate for the day, Instagram users all over the Northeast took a moment to remind
What better way to celebrate than by hosting your very own Crawley-worthy dinner party? You don't need Mr. Carson, Mrs. Hughes or Mrs. Patmore to help pull this one off, either!
Follow These Super-Basic Rules. Common sense, but you're likely ignoring at least two of these. Take 10 Minutes Daily To
Is anyone else more than a little crushed when images of gooey, familial perfection splash dazzlingly across the screen to a backdrop of dramatic music swelling to an emotional climax, only to have this scene culminate in an advertisement for the latest, greatest luxury vehicle?
I was finally in the moment, I was finally present and most importantly I was being mindful. On this crazy day the wisest thing I did was carve out 15 minutes to organize the flowers into some creative arrangements.
#TBT lasts long after Thursday on 'Colorized Hollywood,' a Facebook page that features painstakingly colorized black and
8. No one can make you upgrade your home phone. If you want to keep your embarrassingly old cell phone, your cell provider
Though milder than previous years, 2013 saw its share of extreme weather, the increasingly alarming phenom that experts say
A harmony of fuchsia and purple with pink undertones, radiant orchid, Pantone's 2014 color of the year, is a surprisingly
Looking to add a little color to your glassware collection? Or perhaps just want to give some of those acrylic party glasses
However, there's a catch. Crime scene tourists need not apply, however, Russo says, noting that the two-story home, which
Efforts to protect the shoreline at Rocky Point seem both futile and dangerous as construction debris continue to fall into
Follow these four simple steps to reuse Christmas past, clear holiday clutter and make sure your d\u00e9cor is in one piece next year, all at the same time!
If you are opting out of the over-the-top party this year and entertaining friends and family at home, I've rounded up a few New Years Eve party-planning musts.
So where does one buy when money is no object? 2013's ranking of the most expensive zip codes in the country is one place
When landlords have great tenants, they are more likely to renew leases and limit rent increases. Stacy Brown, operations manager for Real Property Management, has four golden rules for building a great relationship with your landlord.
This year, we're making our resolution to live with a little more style, taking cues from timeless lessons from generations
Tiny homes are nothing new -- from a family of 4 downsizing to 168 square feet in 2008 to a Yale student building her own
Set a calendar reminder on November 1st to start the holiday card process. This is a great reminder to get started early so that you are not cramming at the last minute to get your cards out the door.
9. You won't have to risk the roads. 8. If you've got kids
For more ideas, visit our friends at House Beautiful. Read more on www.housebeautiful.com The fastest way to make over sliding
From floor-to-ceiling wine racks to elegant bar carts, Dering Hall's favorite home bars offer up a round of inspiration that
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Which item is your
Despite large swaths of vacant land, many buildings are being developed, and the city's downtown is full of renovated historic
After saving and scheming for years, my boyfriend and I moved into what's basically a palace
Behold \The Floppy Table,\ a creation by Neulant van Excel. Here, just take all our money. ...unless they're ironically into
Spending New Year's Eve at home is genius -- no crazy reservations, no insane prix fixe menus, and zero worry about how you'll
If it feels like you spent more time prepping for the holidays than you actually spent celebrating them, it might mean your
Media rooms and five-car garages used to be the kind of amenities that would set a luxury home apart (cue the MTV \Cribs
From silver streamers to Champagne towers, from winter picnics to royal recipes, you can throw a New Year's party with a vibe that's black tie formal, fun, and laid-back, all at the same time.
Edward Lobrano Interior Design Wells & Fox Architectural Interiors Elle Decor Designer Visions Browse more dining rooms on
On any given day, we come across dozens of gorgeous homes. Because we see so many, our bar is set pretty high when it comes
Check out more of the survey findings in the infographic below. And tell us
According to listing agent Steven Halpern of Urban Compass, the Lafayette Street townhouse where Beyonc\u00e9 filmed her 2009
Before you pass along someone else's \treasure,\ let's review a few re-gift giving rules.
Red carpets, award shows, magazine covers and movie screens \u2014 it\u2019s not often that we see celebrities outside these circumstances
With a fancy ladle and petite cups, serving drinks from a punch bowl lends a vintage touch and an elegant atmosphere to your party. No matter your design style, a punch bowl is an easy way to add a pop of color and a focal point to your food or drink table.
We\u2019re not wasting any time when it comes to New Year\u2019s Eve prep. Put some sparkle in your festivities and leave a trail of
Ahh ... you made it -- nearly all the way through Holidays 2013. Sure, there was some last-minute panic and a few moments
Linked-up entrances, such as the Kwikset locks opened by cell phone, have a more obvious application than the appliance geegaws. They make life easier by doing away with keys that clutter pockets and can be lost.
** Someone somewhere spent a good amount of time thinking about that Christmas card they sent you this year. There was a
'Tis the season for lots of lights and over-the-top outdoor decor, but the secret to winning Christmas may lay in a far more
We scoured the blogosphere and checked in with Sheila Schmitz, editor at Houzz, a home design and renovation site, to round up the year's interior trends.
While some folks prefer a Charlie Brown Christmas and others align themselves with the Clark Griswold school of decorating, Loree Bowen and her family in Orange County, Calif., celebrate the season by unpacking 10 large storage bins filled with more than 70 nativity scenes and related artwork.
3. Individual Wreaths 2. Chalkboard-Inspired Wrap (Including A Handy Guide To Pens) 8. Hand-Sewn Ombre Glitter Gift Bags
A lush centerpiece, warm accents, hints of chinoiserie \u2014 that's how this food blogger and consummate hostess sets a festive
And here's even more stuff in mason jars... 4. Vodka! 3. ALL THE CANDY 5. Manicure Stuff You Swore You'd Actually Use (But
The key to last-minute gifting is to make it look like you thought long and hard for the perfect present. Here are seven last-minute gifts that don't look like afterthoughts -- and all can be found at your local mall.
While pets are fun and so are holidays, the two can clash without proper planning. What can you do to ensure that the family gathering is problem free while ensuring that your pet can be part of the party too?
You thought those ratty old stockings your mom has been hanging since 1985 were the ultimate throwback to Christmas past
Here's what other holiday hassles annoy British people the most
This trailer, however, will change your mind. Of course, it is encased in a glass home that sort of looks like a high-speed
This is it, guys. The last weekend before Christmas. Malls are open until midnight. There's an abnormal surplus of \safe\ last-minute gifts (read
Amidst the frenetic pace of holiday party season (often one after the next) tips like tested menu favorites and hassle free d\u00e9cor offer a welcome respite from the pace and pressure of holiday hosting.
Fun, old-fashioned family displays aren't often advertised, but can spread Christmas cheer faster than Buddy the Elf. So to find out where all the Griswolds are hiding, we asked the experts
There's nothing like spending the holidays with your mom, dad and your perennially tipsy uncle Eddie, but you don't need
Rebate offers always sound enticing, but can turn sour if you aren't able to actually get paid from the offer. Here are six tips to make sure that once all the wrapping paper is cleaned up, you still have a little something to look forward to for yourself.
The life-changing invention
2. Set A Timer, Grab A Big Bin Put anything that's supposed to be in the bedroom but isn't, into the bin. Setting a timer
The plantation-style interior of the home is a perfect mixture of old Hawaii and modern elegance with a kitchen and dining
4. Pembroke Pines -- Hollywood, F.L. The definition of a great neighborhood differs from person to person. However, we have
2. The Perfectly Organized Kitchen It's no secret that every home-loving, DIY-doing interior fanatic has the \Pin It\ button
Use your cleaning time as a calming activity. The act of throwing away the trash and cleaning counters and surfaces can be very relaxing. In a hectic day, this is your time to take control and create change.
Taking your visions and inspirations from abstract to a more tangible concept will help you understand what works with what and, most importantly, how they holistically create your space and style.
As we find time to bake, prep for guests or (hopefully) relax in front of the fire or TV, many of us experience a nagging sense that something's been left undone. Call it \house angst.\
H/T Design Taxi Consider this your daily dose of cute
Treading between pink and purple, the Pantone color elicits strong feelings of both love and hate.
** Enter the visionaries at design firm SFA Design, who stepped in to overhaul the 29,702 square-foot space that most recently
A console table is a versatile piece of furniture -- it can serve as a surface in the entryway to collect keys and coins; as a petite desk when you're short on workspace; or as a focal point in an otherwise plain room.
Only a handful of shopping days left before Christmas and you've got a few gits yet to purchase. Why not make a donation in someone's name to their favorite charity?
This time of year always beckons to my inner Martha Stewart. I love the idea of complicated baking endeavors, spending time
Ashley Hicks takes time off from his packed schedule to talk about ideas and hard work, active instructions in museums, and sometimes being mistaken for a girl.
Editor's Note
If you would like to see the house for yourself, send a Facebook message to Lights On Ice Crystal for the exact location
At the end of the evening, after your host washes the dishes and sweeps the floor, I guarantee they'll be tearing open those little gifts in the same way they would if they had just discovered Santa's secret stash. So why not be the guest that they call gushing the next morning?
9 St. Louis, MO-IL 5.0 # U.S. Metro For-sale listings mentioning chimneys, per 1,000 listings 1 Buffalo, NY 3.9 Where to
Do *not* try this at home. Read more on BuzzFeed
For many people, the most hectic shopping day of the year comes the day after Thanksgiving, but for the members of the U.S
Matted-hair Claus dolls, generic ball ornaments, white icicle lights, plastic reindeer tablecloths \u2014 it's no wonder that
If there's one thing every bedroom needs, it's a nightstand. Small in size yet extremely functional, these little tables
Anyone who's been thinking about remodeling or creating a kitchen for more than 10 minutes has come across the term \transitional.\ It's a popular term in design circles, but what does it really mean?
For its Home Design Trend Report for 2014, Zillow interviewed more than 2,000 randomly-selected adults across the U.S. Check
Luckily, the decor ideas we spotted in this cute About.com chart don't ask a lot when it comes to time, so you can throw
You've probably already been to a bevy of holiday parties this season, which begs the question
Are you chowing down on chocolates from your advent calendar while happily counting down the days until Christmas? Or does
If you're anything like us, you aren't afraid to sometimes spend a few extra dollars on a well-curated closet. Those wear
For many people, wrapping a gift is an action that's easier said than done. There's always one person in the family designated
Though you still have time to shop before Christmas, you might be tempted to bypass the crazed shopping zombies at the mall
Once you've made your home holiday party ready, sit back, relax and enjoy your loved ones. We have a lot to be grateful for and the love we share with our family and friends is at the top of the list.
Over time, I have I have been surprised, and slightly entertained, as people have admitted to me their assumptions about doctors, or what it is like to be married to one.
'Tis the season for hosting a cocktail party. So, you've probably already stocked up on a bevy of fancy garnishes and spirits
If you're one of the lucky survivors of a newly-formed relationship and avoided becoming a victim of the dreaded Turkey Drop, congratulations! But don't celebrate too quickly. Now the pressure's on to pick out that perfect holiday gift.
Q. How do I remove soot stains on a brick fireplace? Tracy Dressen Lakeville, Minnesota Read more on Real Simple
To please his young daughter, software engineer Jay Perkins, of Tulsa, Okla., created a mastermind Christmas light show in
** H/T Messy Nessy Chic Thrilling as it may be, city life has its drawbacks, not the least of which is the shortage of space
You've got the basics -- cardboard boxes, newspaper, the phone number of a pizza place so you can feed the friends helping you move all your worldly goods. But do you have enough socks for the stemware?
High style doesn't have to come with a high price tag.  Get creative and use objects you have around the house to provide seasonal accents.
In the last few years, pride in American-made goods has been causing a swing back in that direction, making them trendier than ever among the hip and cutting-edge. We can support \Made in America\ products even more by giving them as gifts and spreading the word.
From footwear to breakfast to this year's centerpiece, Coupons.com holiday trends have got you covered from A to Z. Find out how people are celebrating, decorating and feasting. Plus, learn a few simple DIY projects for enjoying these trends in your home and on a budget.
As someone who swore never to look back and romanticize my formative years in Small Town, USA, I have fallen into the tired clich\u00e9 of seeing those days as bright beacons, standing in stark contrast to the dark road of uncertainty lying at my feet now.
The sweet smell of a successful holiday season comes with preparation. Making sure that your home is filled with Christmas
With the holiday season upon us, more likely than not you have some presents to wrap. And, if you're like me, you can never find the tape when you need some to wrap a present.
At their worst, LED Christmas lights exude every bit of the warmth of a fluorescent-lit morgue. At their best, they're on par with strip club neon lighting. The problem is that the older incandescent Christmas bulbs, which cast a much warmer light, are huge energy hogs.
Practical gifts get a bad rap. While kids and teens probably don't want to find a package of socks in their stocking, a few
If you're planning on visiting friends or family this holiday season you better make sure you pick up a gift for the host
Christmas lights are chosen for their beauty rather than practicality. Mainly, the big decision is whether to go all-white
It wasn't until our random introduction to the Squatty Potty earlier this year that we learned something was amiss with the
We've compiled a list of some of our favorite host and hostess gifts as you party hop from house to house this season.
Here are 13 winter scenes we've spotted so far this season that remind us how lovely the ice and snow can actually be. Have
My dad is the single most difficult person in the world to shop for, and yet the easiest, because at this point we\u2019ve resigned
Contemporary Hall by Chicago Interior Designers & Decorators 2 Design Group Modern Family Room by Charlotte Architects & Designers
The result (which we belatedly discovered via Fubiz.com)
The whole concept of seasonal decor is a strange one. Spend a load of cash on something that'll sit in a box for 11 months
There's a new health adage out now
See more of the Van Dusen mansion below. When it comes to cost of living, there might not be two cities that better show
Here's a riddle
Dishes Contemporary Wallpaper Library Books Eclectic Wallpaper by Other Metro Paint & Wall Coverings Fabrics & Papers Warped
This year's hot holiday trend for home d\u00e9cor is ilex.  What's ilex?
The country's tallest Christmas tree isn't the famous Rockefeller Center tree, or even the National Christmas tree in Washington
You\u2019ve gotten a huge head start on your holiday shopping (go you!), but your pad is looking a bit ho-hum these days. So, before
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Earning the Guinness World Record for the largest gingerbread house in the world, this edible home measures 39,201 cubic
When Christmas lights meet your favorite liquor bottles, recycling becomes a little more interesting. (Plus, you have a good
Commissioned for a Dylan's Candy Bar display at the annual art fest, Levin and Hargreaves project is next-level gingerbread
We all want to give a unique gift that will be remembered year-round. Yet, when push comes to shove, we also have a tendency
Hypoallergenic bedding is critical for a number of reasons. Most parents focus only on decorating the kids' rooms and forget
You don't need to spend a fortune to get your home ready for the holidays! A few easy decorating ideas are all it takes to create a home worthy of your treasured friends and family this season.
These sound \bars\ offer a true alternative to a home theatre system with all of the benefits at a fraction of the cost along with none of the installation hassle and unsightly wires.
Swapping out standard furniture for something unexpected can add loads of personality to a boring bedroom, and these upcycled
PNC says that the cost of the gifts on the carol's extensive list has been rising steadily over the past three decades. This
Ingredients Bulk organic tea Resealable Tea Bags Mason jar to store your tea bags Custom label Directions These little bottles
Flowers are healthy, they don't make false promises and they deliver nourishment to your soul. For the price of a fancy coffee drink, they will watch over you all week and remind you that no matter what your bank account says, you are rich.

Whether you work from home or just need a dedicated space to keep your life in order, a well-designed office can make you
The phrase \fabric house\ might bring to mind a mental image of a play house, or perhaps an uncreatively-named sewing supply
If you don't have time to start early, try to rein in your ideas to something that is actually doable in the time you have
But at the same time, the ever-present financial clout of the oil and gas industry continues to secure political support
Witness the Pope's treatment on the idolatry of money
The dimensions of our apartments don't dictate our design dreams. We digest decor ideas like they're life sustaining, flipping
The holiday season has begun. At the heart of the holidays is the idea of going home. But where is home these days?
No matter which version you prefer, there will be at least one of the following archetypes present in any given episode. Here
If you're planning to do any kind of entertaining this holiday, let us remind you that the devil is in the details \u2014 especially
** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
Not everyone decks the halls in style. Inevitably, between the poinsettias and twinkling lights there will be a collection of heinous, tacky and useless decorations. Here are nine of the most ho-ho-horrible offenders that are sure to destroy your holiday spirit.
In reality, even when countries address similar educational reform issues, policy possibilities and perspectives may vary
It might be easier to connect to family members thanks to our smart phones, tablets and Skype, but it's also easier to feel
While a barn on the property is picture perfect
Organizing games or entertainment and forcing everyone to get involved (25%) The survey, which was conducted among 2,010
- All in-stock Dyson floor care, 25% off - DEWALT 80-piece drill bit set with bag, $19.97 - 1-quart poinsettias, $0.99 - Master
A good hostess will never admit that you are the proverbial thorn in her aproned side. But, rest assured, when the invitations go out every year there are a few black sheep on the list that are habitually a problem. It might be you.
This year's picks for the most innovative, useful, and reader-relevant items for the home. Read more on This Old House
Photo courtesy the Palmer House. \The more time you spend in the house, the more riveting it becomes,\ Cox said. \You listen
Don't go overboard on the selection of pies. Three pies are more than enough if you are having 10 guests or less. That's 24 slices of pie, people.
How do you live together in the same house until death do you part and be glad you are? My husband and I have discovered a few things that help -- a lot.
To get further insight on what kitchen elements make a caterer's job even easier, I talked to Jamie DuMont of New York-based Creative Edge Parties.
\Your son looks just like you and your daughter looks like she could be from a different family? Is she the milkman's baby?\
The events of November 22, 1963 are more than indelibly etched in my conscience; they remain a motivating factor in my personal
Thanksgiving is one of those loaded-for-bear holidays. We overeat, we over-drink, we overwatch football, and speaking anecdotally, we overbook appointments with our therapists for the Monday after. Families, they just do that to you sometimes, you know?
GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
No view? No problem. Keep Lighting Low. Asian Bathroom by Mountain View General Contractors Harrell Remodeling A Bath Caddy
Thanksgiving is meant to bring out the best in us. For some that means our most grateful side; for others, our most domestic
The Armchair Quarterback One minute he's at the table, the next he's in front of the TV while everyone is still eating -- usually
White, in all its hues from snow to cream to the barest hints of blue or gray, makes a timeless base for kitchen design. Homeowners
As for where you'll find the most company-sponsored, egg-nog fueled merriment, Eventbrite says these 10 cities come out on
With pouty lips, flowing blonde hair and piercing blue eyes, Brigitte Bardot set the standard for the sex-charged beauty
Photo Credit
Mueller
According to Movoto Real Estate, who recently combed through data from the U.S. Census, Bureau of Labor Statistics, FBI, and
Sure, online shopping lets you scroll through stores in your sheepskin slippers, but that doesn't mean it's not stressful
The pet hairs and red wine stains on sofas across America, it turns out, should be the least of our concerns. The real issue
Jellyfish-Inspired Eclectic Patio by Hong Kong Interior Designers & Decorators Newton Concepts Furniture & Interior Design
Bjork just turned 48. This video clip from the '90s of her at home will take you back to a time when you didn't feel so old.
The location
Jamie Bush & Co. View more living rooms on Dering Hall. Interior Design by Pamela Babey of BAMO, Photography by Lisa Romerein
Each element represents a component of nature and each element is represented by a color. Like the elements, each color has an energy associated with it and a feeling.
Chuck Chewning is one of the most celebrated names in the architectural and design world. I talk to Chewning about alternative careers, Savannah and having good genes.
Here are a few holiday table etiquette questions to start off the season on the right foot.
Dripping candles left a waxy mess on your tablecloth? Here\u2019s how to get your linens clean again. Read more on Real Simple
** Use wallpaper as an accent
Between relatives dropping by unexpectedly, the household demands of hosting guests, and the constant expectation of cheer
You'll think twice about how much you spend on one, however, after this trip to West End Salvage where the owner shows us
PLEASE NOTE that Zuburbia does not endorse the use of fur, feathers, leather or animal skins in home decor. Any of these
Just because the meal is traditional doesn't mean that your Thanksgiving table has to be. Real Simple asked three creative
From floor-to-ceiling windows outfitted with shades that are programmed to open and close depending on the position of the
Between the endless stream of holiday music, window displays and festive events, the holiday season can sometimes feel like
After reading the Times' article about young people spending a lot on small spaces in New York City, my first thought was
Whether your roommate is a complete stranger or your best friend, having an honest conversation about each of your expectations as roommates before you move in is paramount for long-term apartment enjoyment.
One of my favorite updates was the new 9-light exterior door, again, adding much needed natural light. Other simple changes
\Reinvention is everything. So many potters are trapped in their garrets in Vermont making the same mug over and over and
When you think of DIY projects, you normally think of repairing squeaky floor boards or painting your home. Some of us, however
The holiday season is steadily creeping in, and we want to make sure that we have all the trimmings to make the season feel
My schedule is a constant juggling act of work, travel, family events, and a litany of hockey games. Finding the perfect gift can be a tricky and time consuming affair. Enter the Internet.
These Pins may or may not solely exist to inspire feelings of inadequacy and confusion. Who are these people and what do they do with their days?
Dorrian Porter of creative studio Northern Imagination has created PicPaperie, an upcoming service that will allow you to
That month-old block of cheese is a given, but did you know that there are other items in your home that come with an expiration
H/T DesignBoom Getting from one floor to another will be anything but a mundane experience with \The Living Staircase,\ a
Sure, there\u2019s a vast, expansive world out there, but the right home decor will make your nest the coziest place on earth
If the average person spends up to 90 percent of their time indoors, we are breathing in dust mites, pet dander, pollen, mold, bug skeletons, and toxins from such innocuous sources as conventional cleaning products and even chemicals emitted from our own clothing and bedding. These toxins manifest themselves as symptoms most people attribute to allergies such as itchy eyes, runny nose, and wheezing, but which should actually be blamed on an unclean house.
At Redfin, we looked into preferences among our own young homebuyers, and found that, what a shocker, men and women disagree on some major stuff. Namely, how long they plan to stay in one home, where they want to live and who they plan to live with.
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
We could go on forever (pun intended) about this bamboo-covered, thinsulate-filled wonder, but we'll let you see more for
When Pulitzer Prize award-winning journalist Walter Lippmann wanted to get away, he really wanted to get away. His Tremont
When you think of your bed, do you get excited to dive in after a long day? Or do you dread crawling into it, with its lumpy
It\u2019s no secret that were \u201990s-obsessed here at Brit HQ. It\u2019s a love of grunge, a love of early Britney, and a love of the
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Of course, the $225,000 listing comes with some notable drawbacks. There are no utilities, the structures are run-down and
Will you be accommodating overnight guests during the holiday season? If so, furnish their rooms with lots of extra blankets, and perhaps a space heater for especially cold rooms.
The Test of Time With low ceilings, peeling paint, and creaky floorboards, this timeworn cottage in Darien, Connecticut, would've
The Nomad Micro Home measures just 10\u00d710 feet and features a living room, kitchen and an upstairs sleeping loft, and it costs
Take your own dishes to fun, festive heights with these easy ideas for unexpected Thanksgiving tables. Read more on Real
Between Nate Berkus' holiday collaboration with Target and his hubby-to-be's just-launched candle collection on Gilt, we
We showed you how to redecorate if you\u2019re moving in together, but what happens if things go really south and you break up
It\u2019s tough to get your vases and glassware clean when you can\u2019t reach the bottom. Use this easy trick. Read more on Real
Anything Oprah can do, the Kardashians can (or will try to) do better, including throwing a yard sale for charity. According
** As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. Today's selections
A beautiful arrangement says, \Welcome!\ Floral designers and event planners show us how they say it with flowers \u2014 and other
** Take a look at the video above for tips on how an easy energy assessment can help you cut costs this winter. Have something
Do you love where you live? Even if you're pretty happy with your abode, you probably have, in the back of your mind, a little
Hydrogen peroxide, nail polish remover, cotton balls and even hair spray can do so much more beyond the bathroom.
Light woods make this \pocket\ size bar feel more spacious. Contemporary Dining Room by Seattle Architects & Designers Coop
When we heard that Nicole Richie was curating a holiday entertaining home collection for Joss & Main, we got pretty excited
Living and working in London but harboring fantasies about country life, Niall Maxwell, the founding principal of Rural Office
The convenience of having a car, somewhere to park it for free and not having to deal with city traffic is one of life's greatest pleasures. On the other hand, one of life's other greatest pleasures is cocktailing it up at happy hour or bottomless mimosa brunch (yes, that's a real thing) and knowing a lovely cab driver is just an arm hail away from getting you to and fro safely.
Contemporary Bedroom by Old Lyme Architects & Designers Nautilus Architects LLC Better yet, show us your favorite spot to
Bedroom decor doesn't always have to be pricey -- but it also doesn't always have to come from Target (no disrespect), either
Opting to stay in when the weather is chilly doesn't have to mean ordering Chinese take-out and watching Scandal in your jammies (though, that is perfectly acceptable). If you want to turn up the heat, try these 5 ideas that will make a Saturday night in way better than going out on the town.
Experiment With Height Use a cake stand as a stage for a grouping of candles, and consider height when adding flowers to
Maybe it's from growing up surrounded by \seasonal decor,\ but silver-snowflake window decals and reindeer table runners
When it comes to keeping a tidy kitchen, the less we have to do, the better. That's why we will take quick \life hacks\ over
Photos by Claire Esparros Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram
It was the proverbial melting pot, festive, aromatic and polyphonic. There were young hipsters (identifiable by their wool
You, too? We've found contenders at every price, from under $200,000 to just under $4 million. Some are rough hewn, some
The house will look familiar to fans of the Detroit MC. It appears on the cover of Eminem's 2000 release \The Marshall Mathers
Conceptualizing masculinity and femininity in a chair isn't the easiest feat, as rapper Pharell showed us with his failed
Veterans Day is a momentous occasion for more than one reason. The holiday gives us a chance to commemorate the heroes who\u2019ve
Some rather ingenious tulip growers in California have figured out a way to have farm fresh tulips in the fall. No, it does not mean flying them in from South America, which what is done with nearly every rose sold in the United States today.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Check out the video
The work of Frank Lloyd Wright needs no identification. Unless, it's one of the hundreds of structures the legendary architect
There are many details to consider after you've successfully tackled the apartment search and begin preparing to relocate that may not be spelled out in your lease.
Correct It
Many prison tattoos you may come across feature a clock with no hands, which has come to represent several things. One being
I took the compost pail -- trying to shake off my bat creeps -- to the woods and flung it. How do you like that. Some creature
Traditional Patio by Portland Landscape Contractors Big Sky Landscaping Contemporary Living Room by Toronto Interior Designers
We regret that this video from \House Counselor\ is no longer available. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at
We've covered all the colors of the rainbow in our series on bedroom color, so let's turn to black this week. Adding black
Inside, there's no electricity or plumbing, necessities that are easily overshadowed by the home's most stunning feature
My generation, the Millennials, are infamously the first Americans who are not necessarily expected to do better than their
According to the Los Angeles Times, the biggest sales of the day included a set of six 18th-century Louis XVI armchairs with
** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
Voorjans has created environments that are richly layered with influences from the East and West and from varied style periods and yet the overall effect is warm, suffused with color, and visually stunning. His look is that of studied nonchalance and eclectic elegance.
I have a confession to make
Have you already heard your first Christmas carol? Or, seen your first box of Christmas cards in your local Papyrus? Brace yourself; it's that Tim Burton time of year again. Let the holiday nightmares begin!
The new versions of duct tape are as durable as the trusty silver stuff, but they're made for showing off. See how the experts
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
You may disagree with their politics, television choices or the way they parent their children, but it's not your place to interject your own preferences and particular parenting style. You are a guest, not a voting member of the immediate family. Even if you are the grandmother!
We suppose a good cup of coffee or a motivational talk could help us shake off those lingering Monday blues, but one look
Something For The Guys Contemporary Closet by Victoria Photographers Joshua Lawrence Studios INC Check out our slideshow
As the creator of the Sweet Peach Blog, which showcases the best in Southern design and artistry, I've had the chance to travel and meet, as well as research and admire, an incredible group of Southern artists.
Mediterranean Bathroom by Austin Architects & Designers Vanguard Studio Inc. Contemporary Bathroom by Denver Interior Designers
I Heart Organizing This organizing expert raises the bar on organizing experts by maintaining a perfect home despite a big
In 2008, Kash Shaikh, a manager of communications for the North American fabric care unit of Procter & Gamble, shocked us
** Check out more of his tips on how to avoid common home-buying mistakes in the video above. Buying a home can be thrilling
Last week, we had retail therapy on our minds. We shopped for shoes, bags and home d\u00e9cor items at seriously slashed prices
And no that doesn't mean diving into that ongoing list of weekend DIYs. In fact, 43 percent of those surveyed consider an
If you've ever longed to make your home in a century-old industrial rice mill amid preserved graffiti and masonry brick walls, New Orleans' Rice Mill Lofts might be the perfect place for you.
\One Got Fat\ is a bike safety PSA that looks unlike any other PSA you've ever seen before. (Unless you've already seen it
As the weather shifts and daylight hours wane in November, home tasks naturally center around the indoors \u2014 preparing for
A study released earlier this year showed that New Jersey had the highest ratio of people moving out compared to those moving
Having good taste in candles might not seem like a big deal \u2014 but when you walk into someone's home who does, you know it
Nobody really wants to discuss toilet cleaning, but it's a chore that most of us will have to tackle. Though you can clip
Just as our families and experiences shape who we are, our locations are inextricably linked to our personal histories. Ask
In the aftermath of the shutdown and debt ceiling debacle, a storm of news media and economists predicted that anxious Americans would spend less through the new year. In the housing market, however, these predictions aren't panning out.
The legendary Greystone Mansion of Beverly Hills will soon open its gates and welcome visitors. The estate's secrets, mysteries and ghosts, however, may not reveal themselves as easily. If only these thick, limestone walls could talk.
Many apartments and cooperative corporations have a \No Pets\ policy. Your ability to circumvent this policy will depend upon the type of animal you have as well as the mood of the housing court judge on any given day.
All Hallows Eve is an event ushered in annually at my home with great fanfare, enthusiasm, and a liberal amount of custom wigs... In my book, it is a holiday dedicated to reinvention, bold self-expression, creativity, and wild costuming. A chance to pay homage to my muses or even become them for a day.
It started out with a simple challenge
Halloween is about a few simple joys
Trees may be losing their leaves, and the first frost is coming up quick, but that doesn't mean you have to give your green
From our friends over at BuzzFeed DIY comes this fabulous light switch cover craft
Thoroughly fitting for Halloween. Check out more of A.J.'s house tour in the video above. Do you have a home story idea or
To see how Rosenblum transformed her space, visit our friends at Refinery29. Read more on www.refinery29.com At the age of
Here's how you can repurpose pretty much anything in your home. As you move from room to room, you'll discover how to affordably
If you're looking for a seriously scary Halloween decoration this year, look no further than the video above by Theclaaw
I've seen too many scarred people to let myself shut up when someone is in need of support. I've also learned from the stories
Although it's true that beauty is in the eye of the beholder, we cannot deny that there are certain art pieces, objects, places, buildings and cities that we might consider beautiful over some others that we might think are the opposite, yet interesting, quirky, thought-provoking or fun.
New York City design-and-build specialist Matthew Haly doesn\u2019t soft-pedal when it comes to his craft. Thinking of reupholstering
Regardless of where you fall on the Key West cat debate, you'll enjoy the below pictures of Hemingway happily playing with
Whether it be a set of vintage cameras or early 20th century spectacles, building a collection of like objects is an easy way to create a cohesive (but still very interesting) display.
All photos via New York Magazine. Check out his incredible rooftop oasis in the slideshow below and in the Winter 2014 edition
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
A studio apartment is expected to be small. In New York City, where space is at an incredible premium, these all-in-one rooms
As wonderful as it would be to decorate your home with flowers gathered lovingly from your lush, rambling garden and arranged
'They probably think their chances of getting sex are higher because their partner will be happy with them and more inclined
We could all, quite literally, use a breath of fresh air. According to the United States Environmental Protection Agency
There are a million tutorials out there on making your own headboard, but most of them are costly, involve a jigsaw and feel
All photos and captions provided by Architectural Digest. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions
You know... everyone thinks the thought of a life hack is just some new thing created by folks on the internet. But as this
Feeling in the mood for a little therapy session? We're talking the retail kind. This weekend, online deals and steals are
As if Bali's beautiful seascape and tropical weather weren't alluring enough, the Southeast Asian country boasts one of the
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Houzz recently released the results of its first ever Kitchen Remodeling Survey, revealing kitchen renovation trends among
To learn more tips and tricks from this duo, head over to Country Living; click through the slideshow below to see their
With Halloween right around the corner, one of the best activities for adults and kids alike to engage in is the annual tradition
Look! I DO work with color sometimes. @charmandchain showroom. BOOM #jeremiahbrentdesign Have something to say? Check out
Apart from the invention of the stove, cooking hasn't changed much in the last 100 years or so. Yes, food fads come and go
Before hitting the recycling bin, give these items a second chance. Read more on Real Simple
I find you can fit most home sites into one of two types of places
\I wish my neighborhood had more ...\ All Suburban Urban Local restaurants 27% 26% 29% Local grocery shopping options 22
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. The best part just
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. In case you missed
If my college-age neighbors are any indication, the next generation is an absolute mess.\n\nI'm not even talking about \life\ messes (finding a job, getting married, etc.) but physical messes. This is my grandmother's generation's nightmare.
For designers who specialize in haunted houses, it's high season. What scares them is how little time there is to furnish
** Head over to Carbon38 for more information. Don't forget to scroll through our slideshow of Wearstler's latest project
Whenever you throw something in the microwave for a few minutes, what do you usually do while you wait? If you're like me
San Francisco is famous for its Victorian architecture, and no style may be quite as recognizable as the city's Painted Ladies
Lists seem to be more central to our lives than ever before\u2015from our own obsessive to-do lists to the structure of the human
Here are the top four trends in cabinetry that I'm seeing in kitchens today, and that I'm personally enjoying incorporating into my own designs.
The addition of social features on the site is part of an ongoing upgrade that eBay has been conducting, including a Pinterest
Anyone working with lilies or enjoying them in their home or office will know the sad moment when you accidentally brush against a big Oriental lily and end up with a swath of bright orange pollen on your shirt, blouse or worse, your white slacks.
Maria Palito
Fashion mogul Tory Burch is catapulting herself into the decor market with the launch of a new home goods collection. Inspired
Jackie supposedly had a White House decorator help with its interior design. But Kennedy himself wasn't crazy about the place
One of my favorite home decor trends this fall is geometric patterns. From lighting to accessories to furniture, it's everywhere -- and with good reason. Geometric patterns are a sophisticated way to add visual interest to a space without being over-the-top
The reason for his move isn't so pleasant, he says. (He and his wife are divorcing.) But the home that they built in the
Not only will you get a home that's won the 2013 GOHBA award, but according to Curbed, you'll also get a two-year lease on
Halloween is a few days away! So, if you still don't have a costume, now's the time to make your purchase.
Watch the video above and leave a comment below letting us know your thoughts. Be sure to head over to BuzzFeed for other
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. If you're looking for
Take heart, rookie decorators; everyone needs a little push once in a while when it comes to finding their personal style
As such an integral part of your daily life, it's important to nurture these unique relationships throughout the duration of the time you spend living together, but what happens when a relationship with a roommate goes awry?
Leis are the perfect antidote to the holiday stress. To make them, you use the same repetitive movements as knitting, which
Love decorating with pumpkins but hate the mess of carving? These no-carve ideas are festive and easy. Read more on Real
The traditional meal is one of the best parts of any holiday. But I've got to admit, being able to alter the beloved Thanksgiving menu, and combine it with the delicious Hanukkah menu, no less, brings a certain excitement.
This is a great site for anyone in the housing market. For example, if the seller isn't required to disclose deaths, homebuyers
The survey, which analyzed data from 90 U.S. Census MSAs (Metro and Micro Areas) across the country between January 2012
More from Architectural Digest
You get to be a kid only once -- so let your children embrace it! Children's rooms are a great place for getting creative
Cullman pauses from the many milestones of her career to talk about female empowerment, skin regimens and Raisinettes.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Gorder was quick to
Anything that makes everyday tasks a little cuter is always a plus in our book--which is why we've been stockpiling washi
Photo Credit
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Keeping items out of sight when they're out of rotation is no one-size-fits-all proposition. Here, 10 self-contained solutions
Wallpaper has graced the walls of chic homes for centuries, but is it possible that its greatest role is actually off the
The simplest way to add some pizzazz to any plane Jane couch is with a bold pillow. The yin to any neutral piece of furniture's
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. This eclectic mix of
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
The Yukimi shoji screens are perfect. Asian Bedroom by Berkeley Interior Designers & Decorators Design A There's not one
To redecorate a room, there's no need to buy new furniture--just update what you've got with a fresh coat of paint. Watch
Halloween comes but once a year, so making sure you have the best goodies to really help your home or party stand out is
Fix A Squeaky Floor Get A New Desk Repaint Vanity Cabinets Traditional Bathroom by Edina General Contractors REFINED LLC
Traffic Schmaffic! Skip the bumper-to-bumper this weekend and snag yourself big bargains on home and electronics from the
It's finally autumn! Seasonalize is a word you won't find in the dictionary, but decorators use it a lot. It means to bring your indoor environment in synch with the outdoor environment to reflect the season outdoors within your home.
Mantels are the perfect spot for seasonal decorating. Here are nine homes with well edited, creatively crafted, and pleasantly
Is that Cooper or is that a large dust bunny? In other news, this bath mat is perfect for K9s. AT Ready to play the Halloween
Not Enough Lighting \I often have two sources of light by the bed -- pretty lamps for aesthetics and ambient light. However
Tile Tattoos Like its cousin, removable wallpaper, waterproof peel-and-stick decals are designed to embellish (or completely
** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
This tiny home in Australia was built by a husband-and-wife duo who wanted to live in a one-of-a-kind space. Coming in at
You don't have to be Colin Nissan to truly relish mother[expletive] decorative-gourd season. A cozy, seasonally festive home
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
In fall my town holds leaf collection days, when homeowners (or their landscape services) blow or rake fallen leaves off
Everything you need for a problem-free paint job
I'd arranged them and rearranged them on the floor at home until I liked what I saw. I didn't want all the baby photos in one spot, or too many posed photos in a row. I was going for random -- a fireworks display of fun.
Woodward Presbyterian, architect Sidney Rose Badgley, 1908. Jarmain, who has been shooting in the city since 2008 with the
No more pretending we're in New England when Halloween rolls around. Embrace the warm weather and carve your pineapple jack
Like everyone else who loves midcentury design (and good drama), we're huge \Mad Men\ fans. So we pretty much fell off our
At first glance, Michael Paul Smith's Flickr photo stream might look like behind-the-scenes footage of one of our favorite
The wingback armchair is back\u2014and this time around, its shape is pleasingly streamlined. The design dates to the late 1700s
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. There's no denying
We're so over treehouses (not really, but stick with us). We're all about trees in houses, like this beauty located in Almaty
I look at a lot of DIY craft projects and some stick out more than others. These handmade Halloween wreaths are all clever
We've already made the case for putting bold color on your ceiling. Now let's focus downward, on the floor, as a canvas for
Iconic, sensuous, delicate, punk -- Pink is a chameleon. It can be pretty and refined or rebellious and tough, all based on its environment and beholder.
Her home is also incredibly airy and bright. Although, there is one downside to the space
Almost every space pops with color. From the moment you walk in, you're greeted with a bright multi-colored chevron rug. You're
Adding elements that are a little more weathered and worn naturally make a home feel more inviting. While your grandfather's old cigar chair may be an artifact in its own right, it can make your space feel more like a home, rather than a museum.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. NEW YORK, Oct 16 (Reuters
The event was held to give advertisers and media folk a peek at the upcoming content across the company's brands. The Scotts
Mixing masculine and feminine bedding doesn't have to be an either/or situation. Designer Betsy Burnham shares her rules
In most of these cases, the word \clever\ is an understatement. Seriously, just wait until you get a look at the cookie cutter
Saturated In Sunlight External walls and roofs will be made of glass-like materials in an effort to harness the sunlight
Scroll through the photos below and head over to the website to find out more. The answer to a less stressful life could
When they aren\u2019t performing, touring, opening shows, being interviewed or traveling the world, where do the rich and famous
I'm out of walls in my apartment, and if that makes me a hoarder, then I am one. But I have to constantly rotate my collection and move pieces around along with my d\u00e9cor and furniture for the art to harmonize with my house.
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
** On the outside, it looks like your average tufted leather ottoman, but the seating, which is made from partially recycled
Watch the video above for more information about these rooms. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook
We guess that settles that. Watch the video above to hear what Stewart had to say, and be sure to head over to Bloomberg
If you think the perfect accent table is worth its weight in gold, these bargain options might change your mind. We've rounded
Scroll through the photos below, and head over to Christies International Real Estate for more information. H/T the Wall
Lighten hair, brighten clothes, soothe sore throat--the secret talents of this citrus staple. Read more on Real Simple
** This particular project was created for a home in Copenhagen, Denmark, but the house can apparently be reproduced quite
** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
Yearning for a place to unplug, meditate and pray, some people are transforming parts of their homes into houses of worship
Take these easy steps to clear the clutter out of your closet. Read more on Real Simple
Photography by Oberto Gili. Before photography courtesy of Domenico Minchilli Design, Rome. Scroll through the photos below
Adding your favorite colors can definitely inspire you. Contemporary Home Gym by Other Metro Interior Designers & Decorators
Packing tape, paper clips, and more creative uses for desk accessories. Read more on Real Simple
For this week's Sprout Home, expert Tara Heibel is answering common questions about nightshades. Find out what this plant is all about.
It's true that every house tells a story. But for interior designer Adam Charlap Hyman, each of his two rooms in his Brooklyn
No judgement here -- we just learned about this ourselves, thanks to Houzz contributor Tiffany Carboni, who points out that
Add Pathway Lighting Tropical Exterior by New York Photographers Robert Granoff The bad news
We've all been there
When you're short on time, here's how to give your living spaces the illusion of cleanliness. Read more on Real Simple
This idea is simple enough to pull off but special enough to be remembered.
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
It's hard for us to imagine Jonathan Adler outside of his whimsical New York studio. But in the latest episode of \Inspiration
Remodeling can be a confusing and stressful process, with most of the stress centering around the amount of money involved and the complex nature of construction projects. Knowing and following these tips to manage the finances of your home remodel can save you from major headaches -- or disasters -- down the line.
Take a look at the Rockaways design in the slideshow below. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions
Our mission this week is to spread the word about how dangerous kitchen fires can be -- and provide safety tips that can prevent them. Did you know that ...
** Just outside of Charlottesville, Virginia, Jefferson's Monticello still stands today. The exterior is similar to that
Snip some sage and round up the rosemary. Dried herbs are just as great for autumnal arrangements as they are for cooking
According to this really trustworthy thing we just discovered, called \the Internet,\ there are a lot of little things we
Somewhere between a puppy and a pet rock lies (or swims) the best low-maintenance pet for you. Real Simple polled vets and
Mugs may be the unsung heroes of the tabletop, but a little sleuthing can uncover some stylish finds. Whether you're dependent
You might be relocating, you might be redecorating or you might be getting ready to renew your existing lease. Regardless of the situation, if you're a renter, you're in the right place. Check out this list of apps every renter should have in their back pocket.
Remember the days of living in a tiny studio apartment--where the kitchen served as a makeshift living room-slash-dining
Such is life for New Hampshire author J.W. Ocker, however, who chronicles his life with two full-sized plastic skeletons
Welcome to the U.S. Department of Energy's 2013 Solar Decathlon, where 20 teams are showing off their originally designed
Dying to throw a spooky bash this October 31? Pull together a festive celebration with these Halloween party recipes, cocktails
From a barn kitchen to a fishing cottage living room, here are rustic decorating ideas perfect for cool fall weather. Read
** Scroll through the photos below to see the space, and be sure to head over to Domino magazine for more information. Do
It was a great exercise in the power of flowers to brighten someone's day or just the unexpected joy of being in the right place at the right time.
Cleaning & Organizing There's no denying that a de-cluttered house is a de-cluttered mind. Keeping the space clean and tidy
That thing that separates a house from a home -- the cozy factor, if you will -- doesn't come from the number of designer
The decorator Amanda Nisbet entitled her first book Dazzling Design. She couldn't have found a more apt title because her brand of decorating is just that -- dazzling. Amanda Nisbet talks about being loved, empowering women and horoscopes.
There are few things we love more than a good kitchen transformation. But anyone who has partaken in one knows that it takes
If you're beginning to think about welcoming a new member into your family, and your rental, it is important to ensure your home is completely safe for your little one.
Is it possible for one season to smell better than another? If so, we'd like to nominate Fall being the season with the best
Meanwhile, check out America's most haunted places
Don't go trick-or-treating unless you're an actual kid. 12 or 13 is the cut-off. Just go to Walgreen's on November 1st for
Fall is in full force here on the northern Pacific coast. All of this wind and rain have me bunkered down indoors and dreading
Drown out the sounds of the streets without breaking the bank.
A good home conversion never fails to bring some excitement to the real estate world. Take for example this stunning Portland
This isn't the first time we've seen retail mini-cities, IKEA has developed its own as well. We're looking forward to seeing
Getting creative with pumpkins is both fun and a great way to practice mindfulness... and you just may end up with some unique gifts and seasonal d\u00e9cor that will transform your home into a fall oasis.
With rents on the rise in major cities (ahem, San Francisco), apartments are shrinking, and appliances are becoming increasingly
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
There's no bigger luxury in life than having a home that you want to be in. When your space perfectly reflects, supports
Universal Party Truths
PLEASE NOTE that Zuburbia does not endorse the use of fur, feathers, leather or animal skins in home decor. Any of these
Scroll through the photos to see Lonsdale's amazing home, and be sure to head over to Domaine for more information. Have
Not only is the American bittersweet a multifaceted plant in one's garden but it can also be part of your cut-flower arsenal. Before the birds gobble up the tempting berries, cut off a couple of misdirected branches and bring them inside.
Is your dresser drawer starting to look like someone ransacked it? Egg cartons and plastic ice cube trays make great organizational tools for jewelry, cuff links and other trinkets, and they'll easily fit inside your drawer.
Switching out throw pillows is one of the easiest ways to refresh a space but not always the most affordable. With many designer
Power Wash Your Walkways Spaces by Brooklyn General Contractors General Contractors / Home Improvement It's strangely satisfying
Nick Offerman is a lucky guy, as he humbly and repeatedly submits in his new memoir, \Paddle Your Own Canoe\ (Dutton, $26.95
** According to the Wall Street Journal, the house was built in 2005, but was modeled after plantation-styled homes. The
When you think of a china cabinet, you're probably imagining the heavy walnut hutch from your grandma's dining room. Well
Looking back over time, what do the numbers tell us about home appreciation and what is the economic forecast going forward? More importantly, what is the true cost of selling and buying a home and how can buyers and sellers balance saving money and level of service?
Want to change the look of your space on a budget? Here's a simple and colorful living room decorating idea -- keep your essential pieces neutral, and customize your lighting and d\u00e9cor for the seasons.
And how-to tips to make sure your jack-o'-lanterns make it to Halloween.
Confusing options, hair-raising prices, haggling ... Our guide can keep you from losing sleep over mattress shopping Read
When I moved to London I made the mistake many, many, others have before me (and some continue to make today). I assumed
One of the best parts of our Instagram roundup is knowing that we'll see a rare baby photo of our fairy godmother, Martha
** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
** Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. It can also be very
It's a common pitfall that happens after you finally agree upon a color.
At Country Living, we delight in the DIY--and champion approachable, affordable, and yes, hackable, crafts. Read more on
Lagerfeld isn't the first high-end fashion designer to dabble in this field. John Galliano created a musky, leather scent
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. ** Ronson showed off
h/t to the Vintage Ads subreddit and eBay While most modern women have yet to solve that \where shall I put my soft things
But his renderings depict an updated version with a sleek glass and concrete exterior. It also has a modern open floor plan
Turn any laundry room from scullery to sanctuary with these easy decorating and organizing ideas. Read more on Real Simple
If your kitchen could stand for some enhancements, but a full-scale remodel (and its hefty price tag) has you hoping the
Planning for cohabitation is an emotionally charged time and while you may be feeling the love when you first move in together, your living situation can quickly go awry if you're not prepared for all the things renting with a partner might throw your way.
Clean the interior twice a year. No need to unplug the refrigerator\u2014that will waste energy. But do move the food to a cooler
Touches of nature reign supreme in this unique Mother Earth-inspired d\u00e9cor Read more on Sunset Mag
Not everyone is experienced or knowledgeable about plumbing repairs or can confidently wall mount a flat panel display. Home
Though it can date back to the early 1700s, English transferware has become a hot item on the vintage marketplace. (If you
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Do you have a home
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Watch the video above
Two years ago I hired an interior designer for the first time to help me decorate our home in New York. I would have taken
It is amazing how quickly we can all whittle away $500 at times. Here are a few not so known ways to stretch your hard earned dollars even more.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Who gets to send housewarming
The work space/craft room of Pennsylvania newlywed Jess Mauras (shown here with husband Joe) was a pile of stress and ribbons
Warm. Cheerful. Inviting. These words are often used to describe the color yellow, which we celebrate in today's post! A
Whether soft and sleepy or bold and splashy, see why blue can be the perfect hue in your bedroom Read more on Houzz
\The Love Boat\ premiered 37 years ago, but the clips live on in an afterlife provided by CBS.com. Though they're not so
** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
Remember that there are hundreds of loan programs available in today's lending market, and each has different guidelines. So, don't be discouraged if your dream home seems out of reach.
Bear in mind that many of the people who sell in flea markets (or the more upscale-called \antique market\) are real antique
Watch the video above to see the actual home used in the series. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions
Tackle countless chores with common household items (like toothpaste and salt). Read more on Real Simple
This factoid was revealed on online retailer eReplacementPart's infographic on lawn maintenance. Though fall usually signals
PLEASE NOTE that Zuburbia does not endorse the use of fur, feathers, leather or animal skins in home decor. Any of these
Few things suggest the bounty of early fall more than the sight of fruit ripening, even if it's growing on a little plant
With the masses becoming more and more enamored with mid century style, prices have been rising on many vintage items from
Yes, we are in the process of moving.  From a four bedroom mid-century modern to a two bedroom rental located in one of the better school districts in the country.
H/T
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. For even more design
Basic tools come in handy for the entire lifecycle of your rental, from the day you move in and set up your new space, to the moment your last box is packed and ready for move out. Plus, these essentials won't take up much space and can be purchased at a low cost.
Wubba, Wubba, Wubba, ya'll. Today we're talking about a blast from the past
The space under the stairs in two-story homes gets a bad rap for being dark, cramped, and dirty. But with a little ingenuity
Fast forward almost half a century, well after \Metabolism\ died out
Scroll through the photos below and watch the video above to see this property. Be sure to head over to IDEASGN for more
** The weather is getting colder and your lips are inevitably getting a bit dry. That means you're probably stocking up on
With the release of Beyond Chic
Assuming you're similarly curious about the lives of the rich and richer, we present you a sampling of the castles, condos
** Scroll through the photos to see this amazing project, and be sure to head over to Design Milk and Squire and Partners
Our favorite holiday will be here before we know it. And in order to be able to enjoy all of the pumpkin carving, trick or
If you have dealt with rental rejection, consider the following tips before submitting your next apartment application.
But to make matters worse, in 1973 a Tupolev TU-144 plane crashed into a row of homes and a school during the Paris Air Show
Check out these awesome design apps! ** Fall dance show with @heartfelt at NY City Center :) So obsessed wait this pillow
Here's the most compelling argument for not listening to anyone else's decor advice.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Do you have a home
Space is definitely at a premium in New York City, but some homebuyers have other things on their wish lists ahead of square
More inspiration. This is an elegant way to display gourds. Contemporary Dining Room by Cedarburg Photographers Edmunds Studios
We all watch the news and know that anything can happen at any time that will change our lives. Sometimes it's an unexpected incident during a predicted or planned event and other times it is all sudden and unexpected like a natural disaster.
As the Los Angeles Times points out, someone showed great interest in Hope's antique cabinet, which was sold for $168,000
Need a space fix? Don't we all. With most of us running out of room due to growing families, we are always looking for quick
Imagine a time long before iPhones became a valid children's toy. You're picturing the landline or cordless circa 1990s, aren't
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Do you have a home
The comedian graces the cover of this week's Parade magazine, and in their behind-the-scenes interview with her (which takes
I've started my first container garden, and while I'm encouraged by the growth I've seen since planting, I'm more than a
Whether you prefer upright, cordless, or canister, Real Simple hit the floors and found the meanest machines for tackling
How do you make appliances sexy? We're imagining that's the question Don Draper would have asked before his lesser-talented
It's Throwback Thursday, and that means we're taking a look back at the very best nostalgia posts from this week. We covered
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
While the hot trends for walls in recent years included accenting your space with a vivid paint color or applying a graphic
Do you love the idea of fixing up a Victorian with a wraparound porch or a sprawling midcentury ranch with original features
Whether you're hosting a girls' night in or a casual get-together (game night, perhaps?), try these crowd-pleasing appetizers
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. ** For House Beautiful
One of the secrets to a successful garden design is to incorporate something unexpected, a surprise for the garden visitor
Is it our imagination or is there already a Fall chill in the air? It might just be wishful thinking since we love nothing
The kitchen island is the perfect place to make a strong style statement, to employ a truly special piece, and to make an investment -- it is, after all, probably one of the few things in the kitchen everyone is sure to see and use. That's why I always say, do something different.
** Hollywood legend Mitzi Gaynor is reportedly selling her Beverly Hills, California home. And for your viewing pleasure
Located in Huainan, China and built in 2007 by architectural students at Hefei University of Technology, this is truly, well
** Don't we all feel that way? Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR
Median home prices are on the rise, while the Days on Market (DOM) are declining. Today's real estate market has created the perfect storm for the home owner to maximize the value of their home sale by selling \For Sale By Owner\ or \FSBO.\
Summer Rayne Oakes takes time out of her busy schedule as a model, entrepreneur and activist to give us a peek inside her
The two-bedroom, two-bath, three-level condo is part of the Bishop's Gate development at 1715 15th St. NW, in D.C.'s Logan
One family's inspired ideas for managing nearly every room in the house. Read more on Real Simple
Check out the very best from Nate Berkus, Anthropologie and Target.
The doorbell rang the other day and I was surprised to see my neighbor standing on my porch with a beautiful black Labrador
The long-time home of Bob Hope and his wife Dolores in Los Angeles' Toluca Lake neighborhood is on the market for the first
** According to the New York Times, Osmond and his wife Debbie are releasing a home collection called \Donny Osmond Home
Just thirty miles from Buenos Aires, Argentina is a home so bizarre, we just had to share. According to HGTV's \You Live
Here's a little trivia for today
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. When we found out that
This eclectic mix of designer and non-designer vintage home finds caught my discerning eye because of their uniqueness, contemporary
7. Repairing a leaky faucet. It'll keep you up all night, otherwise. Popular Mechanics has a tutorial to fix the faucet in
Living Rooms You'll Love We're very excited to syndicate one of our favorite columns, 'What Is It? What Is It Worth?' from
There are lots of benefits to living small that are particularly attractive to newlyweds. Many are financial
EXPEDIT SHELVING
This NFL season, skip the hassle and hustle of going to the game and put your energy into throwing the best homegating party ever!
Head over to HGTV Magazine to read more. Photos by Max Kim-Bee. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Fans of Eminem will recognize the building from the cover of 2000's \Marshall Mathers LP.\ The rapper, who used to live at
If you've ever slept on a bed without a headboard, you know it's a big pain in the neck (ha! See what we did there?). There's
Chandeliers aren't only for indoors. Contemporary Patio by Portland Photographers KuDa Photography Or perhaps... red? Eclectic
Counter Cleaner Coffee's abrasive texture makes it perfect for getting grime off of kitchen surfaces. Do you have a home
Clever products and space-saving strategies to help you declutter your space. Read more on Real Simple
On top of all that, the renderings are absolutely jaw-dropping
Naturally, her backyard has a very bohemian vibe to it thanks to a color palette of turquoise, yellow, and black. Little
** Design firm Denieuwegeneratie has decided to take sustainable living to a whole new level with their Dutch Mountain home
Before you begin renovating, know which projects will increase your home's worth and which ones can harm it. Read more on
It's standard operating procedure to paint your walls a color while keeping the ceiling white. We've been told this makes
Instead of cleaning, you can totally just do this. ** You never have to label your groceries because all the food is your
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. When staying at a high
Now, the \millionaire's ghost town\ is quiet except for occasional tourists and wedding photo shoots. 50 of 250 units are
We've seen some pretty cool IKEA hacks in the past, but when one of our readers sent over this DIY banquette seat made from
If its historical clout wasn't enough to make you want to ante up, the estate has five bathrooms, five bedrooms and six (yes
It's the one room that you both spend the most time together in. Make your boudoir a prime spot for sleeping, snuggling, and
I know you want to give credit for the modern obsession with mid-century modernism to the badass style of Mad Men and its ilk but there is something more interesting going on and I'm gonna show you.
Am I the only person who longs for there to be a soulful rock diva named Tina Turnip? I have considered adopting one of the following as a pen name
It's the end of the week and that means we're taking a look back at the best instagrams from our favorite designers, celebs
The conventional wisdom is that tile is the go-to for bathroom surfaces. We see tile everywhere, from the bathroom at work
Want more cool tips? Watch the video above, and be sure to click through our slideshow of awesome cleaning tricks. A new
The last day of summer is just a few days away and there's no better time to gather friends and family for the final backyard soir\u00e9e of the season. Pick a theme to set the tone for the food, d\u00e9cor and music.
One blogger revisits the home of her great-grandparents and comes back with a poignant story of time passing.
While most homes for sale have typical bedrooms and bathrooms, occasionally a home will stand out from the pack with an unbelievable feature or interesting d\u00e9cor choice.
Anderson Cooper Pets on #AndersonLive is pretty much the best thing ever. Jessica Alba Fair warning, her \Packaging\ pins
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Turn to one of these fabulous storage solutions to corral your baubles, bracelets, and more. Read more on Real Simple
You may not think big cities are the best places for dogs because factors like smog, small living spaces and the lack of
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Watch the video above
It looks like there will be no more eating in front of the television while watching a \Golden Girls\ marathon.
\I love that when friends visit our home, they immediately get a sense of who we are--from pillows on the couch to the collections
Photo by THOMAS WHITESIDE/HOUSE BEAUTIFUL Getting a peek inside a fabulous home is always a treat, but it's especially exciting
According to ancient Feng Shui principles, orange is a \yang\ color and it will stimulate focus, concentration and promote
If I happen upon a good deal (or even a not-so-good deal) for anything kitchen, table or cooking related at a thrift store
** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
It's not just the bathroom that could use some extra TLC now and then. Elizabeth Scott, Ph.D., a microbiologist and a codirector
Etsy, you make the world go 'round.
When entertaining, keep your knowing looks to yourself and/or your short-tempered husband. Do you have a home story idea
Launched in 2007, CEO Jess Lee told Fast Company that the home category was \always part of the plan,\ but fashion trendsetters
Located in Los Angeles, California, the exterior is almost identical to when it was built in 1958. It also still has the
Pick a theme that the birthday honoree loves. For example, for this particular party, the birthday girl loves owls so we decided to use owls as the inspiration for her birthday celebration.
Previously in this series about dining room color, we discussed dining room color in terms of one dominant hue in the space
His former New York City apartment. Tip
Just follow these expert tips and tricks on everything from portion sizes to pattern choices.
A third danger inherent, though not preordained, is that technology will lead us to make decisions too quickly. As illustrated
Move over mirrors, we're going a little more adventurous.
The hot topic of the 1950s was the threat of an atomic bomb attack. There were a number of films offering diverse survival
We don't get to say this very often... or ever actually, but now you can live like Prince William and Kate Middleton. Head
If you have prepared properly and trusted the direction of your broker to help guide you through each stage of the selling process, selling your home will be much less stressful.
One family makes the ultimate Mario-themed bedroom that deserves the \Best Parents Ever\ award.
The first time we really got a look at character Leslie Knope's life is when her house was featured on a \Parks and Recreation
Click through the album below of images Liles uploaded to Imgur and head over to his site to learn more. On his website, Liles
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. When we came across
There are tons of adhesive wall decorations out on the market right now -- call it contact paper, vinyl decals, shelf paper
Hand-Painted Bowls Printed Napkins Zinc Letters Faux Flowers Old-Timey Basket Lamp Upholstered Folding Chairs Desk Organizer
With kids, jobs, and hectic lives in general, it's easy for our homes to become cluttered. Speaking from personal experience
While traveling to Germany to drink a whole lot of beer is appealing, so is saving your vacation days and celebrating from home.
Now that the weather is cooling down, you may get that urge to tackle some of the projects around the house that you put
Homes big and small all have one thing in common
If you thought we were going to get overly Autumnal on you - surprise! True, we've housed our fair share of metallic pumpkins
Hardly a garden feature comes to mind more charming than the garden gate. A personal favorite is the too-low-to-be-useful
i'll need to re-add the links http://archive.org/details/g4tv.com-video11169 Remember 'The Man Show'? It aired on Comedy
Luxury homes are a dime a dozen in Orange County, California. But not all real estate in this upscale area has one very intriguing
Interior designer Nicolette Horn has traveled the world, living and working in many different cities. She landed a job with
After a spread in Elle Decor, a stint as a makeshift hotel for area firefighters, and brief flings on-off-and-back-on the
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Watching Freaks and Geeks brings back memories of our teenage years, but there are several life lessons that you can take away from the show that pertain to everyday life. Here are some of our favorite household tips from the series.
Here's a guide to some common grocery store terminology. Know these definitions, and you may even save a few dollars on your next trip through the aisles.
Many home improvement and maintenance jobs are easy DIY projects; others, not so much. So which improvements can you handle yourself and which should you assign to a professional?
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Also, don't miss editor Brie Dyas pointing out the biggest decor sins through the decades. We're talking terrible faux wood
The concept is based on \chore jars,\ which we remember from kindergarten and that one time we tried to restore order to
\Mr. Las Vegas\ is hoping for a big buyer. Wayne Newton's former estate, Casa de Shenandoah, which he recently lost in bankruptcy
Pattern lovers, rejoice! Celebrated artisanal textile designer Madeline Weinrib \u2014 well known for her colorful ikat patterns
Think about your bathroom as it is right now. How would you describe it? Bland, basic, boring even? We're about to change
3. Coral and Turquoise
We've been loving all the plaid that's popped up for Fall 2013 runway shows so we decided to pull some of our favorite plaid
\Big box\ stores might have trimmed the time it takes to run our weekend errands, but we'd be lying if we said we didn't
Big Sur, California is home to fantastic wildlife and arguably the most stunning views in the United States. It's also where
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Sound too good to be
1. Do you use Axe cologne as a room spray? Everyone notices the way another person's home smells, for better or for worse
Though we laugh at the occasionally weird vintage etiquette rules, we all can admit that modern life can bring all sorts
Architectural details are something we'd all love to have in our humble abodes. Think tin ceilings, wainscoting, and exposed
have two Chihuahua mixes and, well, they rule. They fit in just about anywhere. And I do mean anywhere -- in a purse, burrowed
Earlier this year, Kawamoto was arrested in Tokyo on suspicion of failing to pay more than 800 million yen, or $8.5 million
A list for anyone who has yelled at the TV while watching \House Hunters.\
We know high fashion is regarded by many as art, but one Texas homeowner has taken that concept to a whole new level. We
AFTER
And even though she's stern with her clients, you won't find her rummaging through things or forcing people to purge, like
Click through our slideshow to see other household tips. As you move from room to room, you'll discover how to affordably
On Sunday, homeowner Bernie Jones celebrated a victory
When choosing the right blue for your interiors, you'll want to pick one that's soft and soothing, and grey-based, rather
Add wallpaper to the latest trend of all-things-ombre. What initially looks like a cleverly painted ombre wall turns out
You know what they say about rules, right? Around here we like to think of them more as loose guidelines. Whatever you call
To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list here. Your information will
Click through the slideshow of other lived-in caves below. The coolest parts about living in a cave? If Rawlings starts to
Lately, my coffee table has been bugging me. (I know. Design blogger problems.) But seriously, I had the requisite stacks
A dash of splash. Go ahead. Adding a splash of color in unexpected places, such as the inside of cabinets, Canary yellow
Purchased in 1993, Newhouse has filled the duplex with antiques from trips to Europe that she discovered with her artistic
Well, this is one less daily battle you have to fight! Head over to Reddit for more information, and be sure to click through
Originally from Boise, Idaho, Ryder moved with Lamb to Cali and soon began as an intern with Rue. Once her obvious flair
Houses with surprising pasts always pique our interest, especially converted homes that were once something totally different
As we all know, personal style is not just about what inhabits your closet -- it extends to every facet of life, including
I help people with their interior design and Feng Shui in the most non-traditional and interesting places all over the world, but this was a first
Honestly, each of these homes has something for everyone. And if you're like us and covet each space, you're in luck. On
There tends to be two very distinct reactions to wind farms
\We wanted it to feel like your grandmother lived there\u2014but a grandmother who had really great taste,\ Blake said. In order
Learn how Real Simple transformed readers\u2019 kitchens, bathrooms, and more. Read more on Real Simple
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
There are lots of things adult children of seniors can do to make their parents' homes safer and more accessible, regardless of how much -- or how little -- the family can afford to spend.
It's here! It's here! This year's special #Halloween issue is officially out. Pick up your copy on newsstands or download
31. Overstock
Multiple shark tanks, a personal grotto and a half-million dollar drop in price will make this someone's dream house. More
This is a problem that goes beyond being disorganized. The good news is, you can help.
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Click through our slideshow of photos from a Tokyo abandoned home and head over to My Science Academy for other eery images
h/t to the fabulous Messy Nessy Chic blog and the Las Vegas Review Journal Click through the slideshow to see the home in
As of September 13, Navone's first of three tableware collections will be available. Her fabulous designs include linens
It\u2019s easy to change the look of a bedroom\u2015without even changing the big stuff. Read more on Real Simple
We love the dipped look of paint on concrete, and this lovely DIY project is no exception. Big thanks to Mette over at Monsters
** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
The color mint, so popular in the 1950's for its cheerful yet calming influence, was inspired by the color of an after dinner
** Although the house looks massive, it's definitely not a typical celebrity home. It has a neutral color palette throughout
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
There it was
Watch the video above and get transported to a simpler (and occasionally stranger) time. Don't forget to visit our Throwback
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. WWD describes these
Head over to Time to see the full list, and be sure to click through our slideshow for other amazing pinners. The results
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Do you have a home
Wow, Barbie's pads just keep getting better and better. Take a look back at her past Dreamhouses since 1962. It's official
Don't go calling the Ghost Hunters folks just yet if you're hearing strange noises around your house. There's probably an
Between young kids, pets in need of housebreaking, and our own klutziness, rarely does a day go by when we don't find ourselves
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. There's no denying
Aww. Scroll through the photos to see this fabulous space, and be sure to head over to Lonny for more information. We can't
The 11 important questions you always need to ask in order to keep things running smoothly.
Your potential buyer doesn't want to feel or see you in the house. No family pictures, tastes or piles of stuff. A buyer wants to be able to envision living in that house. Think
There's yet another hurdle between you and your starter home.
HarpersBazaar.com names the \green movement\ as an emerging trend this season, with designers like Michael Kors, Reed Krakoff
We start getting ready for back to school about a week before the first day of school. Every year brings new challenges, with
DISCLOSURE
Are you using too much laundry detergent? Today's high-efficiency washers need a lot less detergent than you might think
These amazing transformations are sure to inspire you.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Buying a castle may
** And this colorful San Francisco house with a beachy vibe. Beach Style Exterior by Berkeley Architects & Designers Robert
** We're not talking your stainless kitchen one. No, you can improvise as Reddit user Nickemjay pointed out, by using one
Go nuts on lurking germs with these bacteria-targeting tricks that work. Read more on Real Simple
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
As if the traditional game wasn't fun enough, our friends at A Beautiful Mess put a cool spin on the classic that totally
Though it sounds like the beginning of a joke, the metal legend's recent run-in with the fire department isn't entirely a laughing matter.
We may not all have the double-doored, walk-in, shelf-lined, perfectly lit closet that we dream about, but that doesn't mean
Sauna in the gym? Don't mind if we do. Contemporary Home Gym by Millbrook Architects & Designers Crisp Architects It's a
** According to our friends at The Pinnacle List, this 10,000-square-foot home was designed by famed architect Mark Tracy
We've spoken to many tiny home dwellers who think a small house is a happy house. And in an attempt to spread the word that
Who needed a stable, when you could fit a horse in the living room? Meet Chauncey, \the world's smallest horse,\ owned by
Choosing the right paint color for a room definitely isn\u2019t easy, but it\u2019s only half the battle! The rest of the decorating
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Alyson works for a
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
** It's apparent Curtis has unbelievable taste in real estate, but we're not sure why he'd ever want to give up his throne
When faced with the daunting task of decorating a small space, the easy way out is usually turning to neutrals. Many decorating
St. Helena Island has stunning views, nearly seven acres just for you, a huge swath of beach, a Federal-style main home, a
The Rachel Zoe we've seen on television seems like a real perfectionist. So, we weren't exactly surprised that her gorgeous
Or anyone that lives in a small space. (Isn't that most of us?)
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Although this incredible
You've decided to buy a house, and you need financing. Even if you have good credit, you should keep your finances shipshape until closing so that lenders won't think twice.
Other extreme lights. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent
I've been trying to take advantage of this mild August weather (unheard of in the D.C.-Baltimore area) by eating as many
The rumors you've heard are true...sort of.
If you were ever curious where designer Jonathan Adler got his child-like imagination, you can thank one Miss Piggy. Have
Pant hanger magically becomes gift wrap organizer.
Some people will go to great lengths to fix an appliance.
It's Thursday and it's time to throw it all back. This week's best nostalgia posts included a look back at Pee-Wee Herman's
CHASING THE CHINESE The National Association of Realtors survey showed that $68.2 billion was bought by foreigners from March
If you're like me, you will search through all of the spoons in the cutlery drawer until you find that one-off that has something
Stumped by what to get for my own upcoming anniversary, I wanted to put together a few gift ideas for the first five. Instead of buying separate gifts for each other, these suggestions are for the two of you to choose gifts together that you'll both enjoy as a couple.
There's something you can learn (aside from color tips) from this fabulous designer.
Big spoons, rejoice!
Yes, these are teeny tiny pieces meant for kids. And believe us, we saw enough Expedit shelving units in our early twenties
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Jewelry Polish Chances
Knowing more about a potential roommate, whether it is their character or their financial situation, can save you from frustration before cohabitation begins.
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
My experience working in the appliance industry has taught me that when appliances and other products are recalled, homeowners need to take quick action and deal with it as soon as possible.
Create an instant bonfire with these versatile fire pits, perfect for the campsite, the patio, the lawn (but not recommended
For now, we guess we'll get by with our plain old stainless steel models. Head over to Fast Co. to read more about HOME 2025
Doesn't it seem like something a Kardashian would have in their home?
Today would have been the 96th birthday of Jack Kirby, one of the most important and influential comic book creators of all
Available on Japanese website Felissimo for approximately $170 each, you can buy a pillow in the shape of a piece of toast
It's been only a few weeks since I made the big move south to Atlanta and meeting new people and making friends with the
You think Superman has a poster of Christina Hendricks up in the Fortress of Solitude? No. No he does not. Posters, even in expensive frames, do not belong up on the wall of your place unless they are from Academy Award-winning films that you either starred in or paid for.
Although Nate Berkus's new collection at Target doesn't hit stores until Sept.15, we scored an exclusive sneak peek for you
Leftover bits of food on or below the grates can attract bugs and rodents. Must we go on? A once-a-month deep-cleaning of
Be prepared if you feel like investing in this admittedly cool feature.
The fashion icon also reveals her biggest entertaining no-no.
The secret word is \amazing.\
This is a foreclosure sale; there's no suggested opening bid. Here's a peek at what you'd be buying
Learn how to give everything a proper home, from spare buttons to decorations. Read more on Real Simple
If you have a small bathroom off a hallway or a tiny half bath tucked under the stairs, don't be intimidated by the size
They'll dress up your bed without breaking the bank.
** Liberace lived in the 2-bedroom, 10-bathroom house from 1974 until his death in 1987. Since that time, the property has
He took great pride in his custom wheels -- and his lawn furniture.
Goes without saying, but we have to say it anyway
It's something you'd see at a carnival, not a historic property.
HuffPost Home is proud to present a post from EcoFabulous -- be sure to check out their new home on HuffPost! Be smart about
These happy couples are violating one big rule from 1918.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Rome may not have been
Like ketchup... and oatmeal.
The silver lining in saying goodbye to Summer is the thrilling experience of scoping out fresh Fall deliveries for home. Launching
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Big cities offer a
We seriously love fun and colorful decor from our favorites like Jonathan Adler and C. Wonder. Of course, we wish we could
This eclectic mix of designer and non-designer vintage home finds caught my discerning eye because of their uniqueness, contemporary
Hint
In all seriousness, the newest version of the forty-one-year-old toy by Mattel is something of little girls' dreams and it's
Contemporary Kitchen by Richmond Tile, Stone & Countertops Charles Luck Stone Center Do you have a home story idea or tip
Find out how one couple were able to take it from \grandma\ to \gorgeous.\
Sure, it looks terrifying and even Grylls tweeted about how fast one can go down it, but still, he's Bear Grylls. Unfortunately
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. ** With panoramic views
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. If you're looking to
Sharing your space with a furry friend doesn't have to mean living like an animal--here, our favorite hard-wearing d\u00e9cor
7. Be very careful where you stow your guests. 9. If you find \The Merv Griffin Show\ set in the trash, it's your duty to
From that perspective, the success of the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom came every bit as much from seeing a quarter
My garden just turned 6 years old. For years and years, I kept buying new plants to fill in the gaps \u2014 even after I had no
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
For this vacation house, project designer Jesse Moyer of Jessica Helgerson Interior Design looked far beyond the expected
Find out what this designer is obsession over these days.
** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
There's a new kind of moving scam in town. This one takes advantage of an inexpensive, convenient service that over 40 million people who move each year in the U.S. use to update their address with the United States Postal Service.
The week's best Instagrams include a few surprising shots and a favorite throwback.
Lucky for us, the NY Now Gift Fair (formerly NYIGF) earlier this week had several hanging container garden ideas that caught
When it comes to the bathroom, every square inch counts. Get inspired by these easy-to-steal decorating tricks for transforming
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
It all started because I wanted the Nelson Swag Leg Desk. Not a new, licensed reproduction--I wanted the scuffed-up, 1960
And is that really a banana peel on the chandelier? 9) Don't focus on a piece of furniture, no matter how nice it is. If
According to the interview on Fox 5, after trying to sell his 6,600-square-foot mansion that sits on a large piece of land
Try keeping the guest list to close pals only. That way they'll be almost as invested in the surprise aspect as you are and they won't go accidentally blurting it out. And those friends you know are loose cannons? Wait till the day before to send them an invitation.
Many of us are used to having backyard gathering spaces for family parties, cookouts and cocktails with friends -- but why
Watch the video above featuring Miss Throwback herself, our editor Brie Dyas, on HuffPost Live for the rundown. Don't forget
In the few photos she posted, we got a glimpse at her fabulous taste in decor that ranges from African art to black-and-white
Years ago, Bosch set a new standard for American dishwashers. Slowly but surely, other manufacturers caught on and caught
Click through photos of the Gorgas' home and make sure to head over to the upcoming Joss & Main sale. Have something to say
Is there a cleaning product to remove this image from our brains?
Once you see who designed this space, you won't be surprised by the whimsical vibe.
Welcome to 2013, folks.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. ** When we're watching
Planning a party inevitably requires some degree of planning. What you're serving can be enough to make you feel overwhelmed
4. Put a small desk in front of a huge leaning mirror for an instant vanity. Contemporary Bedroom by Atlanta Architects & Designers
Our friends at The Pinnacle List shared photos of this stunner, which is located in the suburb of Bantry Bay near the Lion\u2019s
Regardless of your style though, Adler doesn't care, as long as you're not lazy about it. \I'm not a snob in any way, shape
If I could, I would give myself an entire wall of windows in the kitchen with an amazing view to go with it. But alas, I
It's almost Labor Day and we are getting excited for Fall! True to form, Anthropologie has stocked up with a whole bunch
One particular product makes this a very child-unfriendly space.
After hearing about her extreme health routine, we're totally not surprised.
User itgoestoeleven uploaded photos of a beautiful Victorian home that the landlord let the Redditor refinish in exchange
Everyone fantasizes about hiring an interior designer, but what is it really like? One of our favorite designers, Chloe Warner
The best part is, you can actually visit the castle and stay overnight in the Blue Moon Room, located in the East tower. Watch
Apparently, they're not in the business of being naughty neighbors.
One of the big mistakes a lot of people make when choosing colors for a space is trying out too many colors at one time. In
7. Ruby Lane
How many times did your family use your dining room last year? If you can count the meals at the table on one hand, then
In 1997, we were completely captivated by a young lady named Buffy Summers. And to remember the six years of excitement and
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
2. Not Giving A Clear Time Frame. Will your guests have to block off their entire Saturday for your party? Or do you just
Love to accessorize? Take your closet to the next level of organization and style with these 10 helpful clutter busters. Read
We are suckers for a good hotel pool and are guilty of making pool-centric decisions when it comes to where to stay. Suffice
\During your precious Saturday hours, an organized, fully stocked broom closet will save you time, motivate you, and remind
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. ** Scroll through to
The best part about this craft is, even though it might be a little time consuming, you definitely don't have to be an expert
An article in New York Magazine has exposed recent agitation over a shower stall in Cobble Hill as much ado about nothing
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. There isn't a day that
Ditch the misconceptions and latch on to some great ideas for decorating your walls with patterned, textural and colorful
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Coco Chanel was known
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Click through our slideshow to see other household tips. For 20 years, Bruce Lubin and his wife Jeanne have been collecting
** Brosnan's home is absolutely breathtaking and we can definitely see why Bullard is bragging. Click through our slideshow
Your flowers never grow, but you can't put your finger on what you're doing wrong. With these tips, tricks, and techniques
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Rivanna Farm, A 10,000
When it comes to setting up a home, we never forget our first spaces. From our first apartments in college, to our first
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
How this photograph came to be raised more than a few eyebrows.
** When you picture living in a mobile home, thoughts of \roughing it\ in tiny cramped quarters come to mind, right? Well
Does it feel like you spend your life emptying the dishwasher? On one hand, American households devote less time to chores
These stylish options offer an instant fix to a humdrum entry.
This church-turned-home got the godsend it needed to make its TV debut.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Do you have a home
Five miles out from Long Island's southern shore lies the narrow 30-mile long emerald sandbar known as Fire Island. While
Today's clever kitchen designers have storage solutions to fill every nook and cranny in all sorts of kitchens. These handy
Click through our slideshow to see great color apps to download now. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter
I love getting flowers... and I always wonder what to do with the assortment of small clear vases I have being accumulating over the years.
I've always been a fan of upcycling. Seriously, how much more eco-chic can you get than by taking an object deemed useless and converting it into something new and improved?!
Making the case for decorating for dogs.
Plus, note the built-in fish tank, the bright red bathroom and the various other touches that we'd think make this home's
Graceland's got plenty of focal points...and a few haters.
Most of us start to panic at the thought of an out-of-town guest coming to our toy-filled houses, but you can relax with
The rust orange carpeting is another call to that era, and carries out the color scheme -- the bent plywood side chairs have
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Every day at HuffPost
You've heard the horror stories about contractors running off with five-figure sums and new kitchens being ripped out because they didn't pass inspection. None of that will happen to you! You'll take precautions! Or so you think.
How awesome is that table? Contemporary Kitchen by New York Interior Designers & Decorators valerie pasquiou interiors + design
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Take a look at the home that rivals this supermodel's beauty.
In just eight simple steps you'll be on your way to enjoying fresh produce 24/7.
A product that gave flappers backaches.
On paper, at least, the Ritchies' home sounds too good to be true
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Eclectic Living Room
Watch the video above to see the sprawling property. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook
. On August 8th, with so little time left in summer, I decided to bring in some fun, easy Do-It-Yourself projects that anyone can make in a day, adding a little touch of colour and personality to their home decor (that works all year round).
We often get stumped when trying to come up with the best way to ask friends to come over. Evites can be kind of lame, the
These are functional, stylish and look pretty fun to hang out in.
Although it's often the bold colors and trendy details that catch our eye, it's layered neutrals that have our heart. At
Rust Remover All you need is a little white vinegar and some tin foil and you're golden. Starch We didn't believe it either
This is the opposite of every lame decoration you've seen in stores.
You'll never want to leave your bathroom. In a good way.
With a little careful planning, you can have the luxury kitchen of your dreams without breaking the bank (too much).
If you'd like to own a piece of rock history, this property is currently on the market for $5,495,000. Scroll through our
Photo by Redditor myrmadon8 Yep, just place it inside, and the curved shape will make your tunes sounds great. Redditor myrmadon8
Yes, Gurley Brown is speaking to a single \girl.\ But I feel like this quote, at its heart, is the perfect summation of why
Looking to perk up your dining space? Consider a palette that includes a generous helping of yellow. Perhaps because it reminds
These pieces really offer the most bang for your buck.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Do you have a home
And no, under the doormat is not one of them.
This is done so well, it almost looks like wallpaper. Eclectic Home Office by New York Photographers Rikki Snyder See how
Right down to the book of nudes.
Many admit that they would love to have plants in their house but they fear they have a black thumb. \I can't even grown cacti,\ one friend confessed. As you can imagine, the #1 question that I get asked is \What plants won't I kill?\
We can't think of anything more charming than a rustic farmhouse amidst wild olive and almond trees. Combine that with breathtaking
Tobi Tobin is a Los Angeles-based interior designer whose works have graced the pages of top magazines like Architectural Digest and House Beautiful.
As you move from room to room, you'll discover how to affordably clean your home using all-natural, homemade cleaners; get
This will come especially in handy if you have houseguests.
Giving the perfect gift is harder than it looks -- especially when it comes to the friend who has it all. If you don't know
After my close friend (and longtime client; let's call him \Jake\) purchased his Upper East Side condo, he asked me to redesign
It's likely that most adults today will have lived in two, three or more apartments. Decor items can do wonders with making your space feel like it's home, and are far easier to move (or part ways with) should you need to change location.
For the past six years, professor Zhang Lin has been moving rocks and rubble to construct his dream mountain home in the
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. ** Do you have a home
We can't quite wrap our brains around this mystery.
Photo by Balancing Home But instead of trashing it, she stretched chicken wire in place of the glass to make an awesome DIY
Her Twitter pics will make you feel pangs of envy.
Head over to Your Suite in Nature for more information. And be sure to watch the video above and click through this Reddit
Some time ago a mother of the bride was lamenting her bride-to-be daughter's objections to lily of the Nile as a wedding
** Although ideally a bedroom should be a space of calm, peacefulness and serenity, with most people's busy lifestyles, there's
Here are 10 simple lifehacks that will make your life so much easier.
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
One has a movie screen, another has a bocce court.
Does the mere mention of organizing sound exhausting (and a little boring)? Not anymore. Bright colors and punchy patterns
It was a different time, indeed.
The designer's abode has a compact floor plan, but it's the decor that makes a difference.
With a swift strike to the top, similar to a karate move, you can make a down pillow look fuller and \more expensive,\ according
Apparently these were a part of a clever campaign and there hasn't been a new one uploaded in a month. But we're hoping this
We've informally polled our peers to figure out the most annoying guests that one would come across at a party. From \The
So, are you packing your bags yet? They've done their research and found the cities with the lowest rent that also have the
We can't imagine how much planning went into this DIY.
You would think a place worth millions would be, well, sturdier.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Click through our slideshow
Alright, I'll admit it, auctions can be extremely intimidating if you have never been before (and even if you have). I've
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Summer might be winding down but it isn't over yet! The \end of season\ sales are in full swing, and that means you can score
If you complete this checklist, your visitors may never want to leave.
If you take a walk around your neighborhood on a summer afternoon, you'll find that some gardens stand out from the rest
** Featured on HGTV's \Extreme Homes,\ this four-story abode took a year and a half to build and is covered in traditional
Click through our slideshow to see other Instagram accounts we love. And now for the cutest Throwback Thursday photo ever
These small changes will make a huge difference.
If you feel the need to shove your dog's unsightly gear out of sight whenever you have company, this new invention is for
You room will expand right before your eyes with these tricks.
No matter what you're celebrating, the party you throw should be memorable and manageable. It\u2019s your party, so plan as you
And some celebrities will only live in the most luxe digs. Agent Madison Hildebrand said many stars have impeccable taste
Washing dishes is not our favorite activity. In fact, we'd rather be doing just about anything else. But putting off this
In the September issue of Elle Decor, we are completely transported to a place of exotic wonder when we look at Caitlin and
Meneghini La Cambusa, $41,500 The starting price of this model is around $26,000. The starting price of a Honda Accord, one
A few months later, Alice bought a beautiful Jeep Grand Cherokee, on eBay again, fire-engine red, with plenty of added features
** The amazing designer posted a photo on her account last night of her seriously tidy jewelry drawers in her closet. Check
Drive, dedication, donors -- or $319,802,889, according to the the real estate website Zillow, which hosted an online chat
Get inspiration for how to spruce up your home with a fresh coat of paint and vibrant decorating palettes. Read more on www.sunset.com
It is a truth universally acknowledged that I have more bags than I know what to do with. I usually just throw them on a
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Not into wallpaper? Click through the slideshow for stress-free painting tips. ** Have something to say? Check out HuffPost
Click through our slideshow to see photos of other celebs who are engaged, and head over to CBSNews.com for more information
There were 4.65 million homes bought last year in the U.S. Now multiply that number by five. That's (roughly) how many friends
One particular product, if bought cheap, can practically ruin a relationship.
You could earn 3.5 Bachelor's degrees in that amount of time.
There's an air of mystery about what lies below our feet. The idea of living below the ground might be a fascinating idea
This would never, ever, ever be found in a modern college student's room.
The artist once said that he was \from nowhere.\
Those \Beetlejuice\ inspired chairs don't look like they could have been purchased during this decade. But, with the right
This really doesn't seem like a such a bad idea.
Click through our slideshow to see other cool decor apps. Watch the video above to see how it works, and be sure to head
When we spotted the glistening subway tiles, crisp color scheme, and smart styling in this kitchen, we couldn't wait to learn
It's been over nine years since the last episode of \Friends\ aired, but we'll never escape Ross, Rachel, Phoebe and the
Her closet has more in common with yours than you'd think.
Today, we're celebrating Lucille Ball's birthday with a look back at an adorable house tour featuring her and husband Desi
home security system is nothing more than sensors that detect what's going on in and around your home, plus equipment connected
Right down to his DIY art.
If you think that raspberry pink should be relegated solely to items found in the kids section, then you are missing out
You know that feeling of accomplishment accompanied with successfully creating a beautiful living space to call your own
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Painting is the easiest and most affordable way to transform a room, but unfortunately it's not an option for all of us. A
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Where do British garden designers get their ideas? From Derry Watkins, owner of Special Plants, near Bath, in southwest England
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Click through our slideshow of 8 surprising homes that started out as something else. Normally, you wouldn't think of a trash
Are you playing it cool with your most essential appliance? Here's a peek behind closed doors. Read more on Real Simple
Head over to Jetson Green to read more and click through our slideshow of our favorite tiny homes. Do you have a home story
Finally, your
** Head over to Inspiration and Realisation for the full tutorial, and be sure to click through our slideshow for more lifehacks
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. For sale by Sotheby's
I have a confession. I'm writing this post with a pretty big bias... I'm a light packer. Watching people who lug giant bags
In the clip above, Parton gave Huell Howser from CBS' \Country People\ a tour of the space, which was decked out in classic
Ah, another day, another gorgeous house tour. And the Blanco House is definitely as bright and as beautiful as they come
** 5. See it first. It's really important to check it out the item in person before paying for it. Look for any damages or
A little inspiration for make your visitors feel the welcomed.
It's simple and chic. Traditional Landscape by San Francisco Landscape Contractors BLUEWAGON LANDSCAPE & DESIGN INC Have
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Click through our slideshow
Getting your own item in front of those cameras, however, is not as easy as it seems. It's up to each appraiser to spot camera worthy items and stories out of the thousands available.
The Las Vegas Furniture Market is the place to scope out design trends and innovations, and my bi-annual trip is always a visual feast.
Head over to Dwell to see more of Kiely's home and click through the slideshow below of other luxury places we love. ** Have
More than a popcorn popper, this versatile appliance was underutilized\u2015until now. Read more on Real Simple
Click through our slideshow of beach houses we hope we get an invite to. ** Watch the video clip above for some house guest
Think about an area in your garden where you most enjoy the beauty of flowering plants. Now imagine bringing that favorite
We know you're already sacrificing space, so why skimp on style? These pieces will whip your place into functional shape
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Maybe the lenai in the background will be a clue.
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
Sick of ombre? Why not try a different kind of dye job? From stripes to circles to traditional shibori, tie dyed patterns
Turn an unremarkable spot into a beautiful, inviting haven. Read more on Real Simple
** Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. We are suckers for
Hidden tricks behind the laundry room's most valuable product. Read more on Real Simple
Home d\u00e9cor is important. You spend so much time in your house and it should be your refuge from the hustle and bustle. When
If you've ever lingered over a doorway that evokes a \someday\ sigh, you're not alone! Take a virtual stroll past the most
Now this is just showing off. Traditional Basement by Other Metro Paint & Wall Coverings Faux-Real, LLC Pool tables can totally
Though somewhat similar in appearance, lucky bamboo is not the same thing as the stuff you may see growing wildly quickly
love baby showers. And I love shopping for them even more. Moms-to-be are gifted so many unnecessary whosits and whatsits at their showers that picking out a gift they'll actually like becomes an exciting challenge.
The line includes fashion-forward and playful pieces for every room in a range of styles including modern, Bohemian and retro
Looking at this place, it's clear to see Adler had a hand in the design. \It\u2019s very gratifying to wake up and see all my
For a while now, the kitchen has been the center of most people\u2019s homes. \u201cJust like the hearth was a place where people congregated
We're clearly a little late to the game, but have you seen the Dubai Miracle Garden? Check out some amazing gardens in the
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Boosters built Nixon a golf course on the property. Taxpayers footed the bill for other improvements, said to be necessary
Here's to not breaking any of your favorite dishes.
Head over to the Natural History Museum's website for more information. And be sure to click through our slideshow of amazing
While stencils have long ruled the roost as the best paint-driven alternative to wallpaper, we've discovered a much more
Every day we come across gorgeous house tours of lovely abodes that aren't quite in our reach. That's why we love looking
We love gardening. There's just something so relaxing about planting and tending to beautiful flowers. So, you can understand
It makes us happy to repurpose stuff around the house, especially when the final product is as chic as these DIY woven grocery
When lead designer Chelsie Lee started working on this Brooklyn brownstone, she needed color -- lots of it. The homeowners
Moviemaking, in the end, is visual storytelling. Designing spaces -- what I do now -- is largely the same thing. And I couldn't do it without having done what I did in film.
Henderson went with a classic beach theme and used bright white paint for the ceilings and trimmings to create a really open
Here's a grass that I would describe as exuberant -- animated, jaunty, vivacious, spirited, playful, bright and buoyant. Words
If you ever wished you could live inside the set of the Fantastic Mr. Fox, please allow us to introduce you to Coral & Tusk
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. 7. A misting fan is
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
** Scroll through photos to see the amazing property, and be sure to head over to Business Insider for more information. According
Head over to Inspired By Charm for the full how-to. Want to see more fabulous crafts and DIYs? Click through the slideshow
The El Dorado building on Manhattan's Upper West Side may be a relic from the 1920s, but the stunning renovation of a home
Most of our landscapes have an assortment of materials -- plants, mulch, gravel, grass -- so how do you keep everything neat
One look at the pale green (otherwise known as \avocado\) range in your grandparents' kitchen proves the rule
It's never been easier to collect art but displaying it is another matter. If you have been wondering what to do with your
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Going with rope is
It's summertime and everyone wants to be outside enjoying the warm weather.  What's easier than gathering friends and family for a backyard BBQ?  From Memorial Day to Labor Day, grilling is a hallowed summer tradition.
Once you\u2019ve determined your style of decorating (see What\u2019s Your Decorating Personality?), find design inspiration\u2015and expert
** Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Adler sat down with
Want to see more amazing pools? Click though the slideshow below for swimming holes owned by celebrities. ** Besides from
No need to pound the pavement--we've scouted out the best home furnishings available in this zeitgeisty material. Read more
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
This eclectic mix of designer and non-designer vintage home finds caught my discerning eye because of their uniqueness, contemporary
9. Use a trigger. A trigger is an action that spurs a result. (Like, having to have a scotch when you watch \Mad Men.\) If
Don't think you're a gardener? This may change your mind.
Long before the aficionados responsible for vacuum cleaner dollhouses, small-scale homes inside guitars, and other staggeringly
This documentary once stopped the entire nation.
This just looks like a bad idea.
Seriously guys, this is one home conversion we've never seen before.
It's part UFO, part awesome.
It's absolutely essential to have the right one for your plants.
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
6. Remove Carpet Dents With An Ice Cube
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. ** This single-level
D.C.'s most expensive home recently went on the market for $26 million, prompting some local observers to ask
Make that \everyone,\ since we've all dealt with an annoyingly stuck jar lid.
You can hang it in memory to all the sad houseplants that came before it.
The Bruno family of Congers, New York, wrestled with stuffed closets, mayhem in the garage, and the tyranny of toddler toys
It's made from a material that won't exactly stand up to wear-and-tear.
4. This is a pretty grand staircase for a basement. Traditional Basement by Boston Architects & Designers Jan Gleysteen Architects
It used to be that a good excuse for not growing edibles was lack of room. But the smallest patch of yard can serve up extra
While Summer isn't close to being over, our favorite retailers are having huge seasonal sales. While they are clearing out
Do I really need twenty t-shirts, a dozen towels, three teapots? I need multiples of certain things, yes, but at some point
We celebrate the rock icon's birthday with a trip to our time machines.
You've never seen a residence like this before. Unless you're a Hobbit.
** 6. Paint Colors
The romantic feel of Mediterranean style evokes images of seaside dwellings, sparkling turquoise waters, sun-drenched days
This is totally our plan for retirement, by the way.
Don't want your movers or pizza-loving friends to shake it, break it? Need some pointers on how to pack that antique mirror? What about your collection of cowboy boots? Oh, and there is always that mess of cords....
As Daddytypes mentions, surely this was inspiration for Dunham's 2010 Indie flick \Tiny Furniture.\ Do you have a home story
Head over to At Home In Love for the full tutorial, and be sure to check out our slideshow for other great DIY ideas. Have
Click through our slideshow below for much less expensive ways to make your rental less soulless. For example, one couple
We're suckers for Jonathan Adler's needlepoint novelties, especially his accent pillows. Packed with vintage charm and his
Don't believe us? Head over to Unique Home Stays to see more. Sitting high on a hill with amazing views of the harbor and
But this vintage Bell Telephone ad got a few things right about the future
England is going to great lengths to ensure the new Prince's safety.
For even more style inspiration, check our our favorite design TV shows. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on
All was quiet at Ross Bleckner's house last week, if you didn't count the four yappy dachshunds gnashing their teeth in a
Moving is stressful. And stress can cause forgetfulness, which leads to new homeowners finding very strange things left behind in their new home, from dead cats to adult diapers or, if you're very lucky, cash.
There's a spot for versatile thyme in almost every garden. Depending on the variety, it can spread out to its heart's content
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
The 1-acre property has been on and off the market for a number of years now, and had $200,000 taken off the listing price
If you've been battling a stink hot-spot or two at home, victory may be closer than you think! Most common odors can be neutralized
Contemporary Exterior by Seattle Design-Build Firms RW Anderson Homes Many people shy away from using color at home, especially
Talk about really getting in touch with nature.
She may not be a homebody, but her style does translate to interiors.
A striking white modernist structure is tucked into the Square du Docteur Blanche, a stark contrast to the traditional stone chimney-topped townhouses.
When you read the latest buzz about the rise in single female homeowners in America, what kind of woman did you picture?
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. ** Designed by Paul
These easy habits will save you serious elbow grease down the road. Read more on Real Simple
See this project featured on 4 Men 1 Lady, and be sure to head over to Nalle's House for more information. And in the meantime
City-dwellers who are lucky enough to have any outdoor space at all, know that most balconies and patios are way too small
To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list here. Your information will
From the ping of our devices to the endless items on our to-do lists, we are often pulled in many directions at once. But
So bright you have to wear shades.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. In case you haven't
Following Mailer's death in 2007, the home became The Norman Mailer Center, which held writing workshops and programs. Unfortunately
It has four residences... four!
This property has serious design cred and can be yours for the right price.
** Click through our slideshow to see other household tips. For 20 years, Bruce Lubin and his wife Jeanne have been collecting
Photo by Daniella Cesarei How cool would it be to float around on a raft and watch your favorite flicks? As long as this
Even if owning a Jackson Pollock original isn't in the cards, you can still introduce the famous artist's splatter-paint
This clever little trick will make sorting clothes and finding detergent so much easier.
Because there's really nothing quite like a handwritten note to show how grateful you are.
There's so much you can do with even just a little piece.
Stuffed animals -- and Dennis Hopper -- included.
It's time you addressed this space.
These gorgeous water features make us want to swim forever.
These are definitely the coolest earth-sheltered homes we've ever seen.
Internet wealth does strange things to people, especially when it comes to real estate. Twitter cofounder Evan Williams' San
I've found myself discussing kitchens and bathrooms a lot lately
You'll never need to make a beer run again.
It's only the place where one of our favorite grumpy old men lived.
Maybe Bed, Bath & Beyond. I don't know, I don't know if we'll have enough time.
4. Concrete molded to look like stone
Sources tell Curbed that Michelle Adams has gone to Domino to steer the ship, suggesting that the little cult-obsession shelter
Change a tire
Electrolux has created a Facebook application that assesses the amount of water individuals use on a daily basis \u2013 not just
If you visit, you might leave relaxed. Very relaxed.
Ten years ago, those knick-knacks in your dining room were charming. Now, they feel like clutter. Instead of heading to your
This place was designed so wonderfully, we thought it was a fancy showroom at first!
There's a good reason why your to-do list is constantly failing you.
Please meet Angie Hranowsky. Recently, editor Sarah Storms got an inside look at the interior designer's Charleston Single House in South Carolina -- a family-friendly abode infused with vintage finds and vibrant hues. The best part of the transformation
And that's not the only unusual feature in this place.
2. Spray vintage flatware in bright colors for a modern look. 6. Give a chandelier a brand new coat in any shade. 9. Give
One of the revelations of living in a small home is that choosing less square footage doesn't mean you necessarily have to
With half of Summer already behind us, it's time to look forward to the sumptuous fabrics, saturated colors, and new silhouettes
Say it with us
This is one task you want over with ASAP.
Once you learn who used to live here, you wouldn't be surprised.
It's got a little secret. A really little secret.
Growing plants in containers lets you have a garden even when space for one is limited or nonexistent. You can use containers to turn a tiny balcony, patio or roof garden into a leafy haven, filled with patio roses, herbs, even your own fresh vegetables.
We've put together a little checklist that will make this task seem as bearable as possible in this heat.
An indoor/outdoor bubble tent? Why not.
End the harrowing hunt for a smart and stylish seat. Whether you want a durable starter model, a treasure-to-be, or something
Ask any aficionado and they'll agree that art and fashion go hand-in-hand which is why the fashion collection from the Oliver Gal Artist Co. seems like such a no-brainer.
There's nothing better than scoring a much needed item or service at a discount -- unless, of course, you can get it for free.
It's so clever, it's hard to tell it was made by hand.
Turning your backyard into a tropical paradise requires a few creative touches, some traditional Hawaiian tokens, and a few
Scroll through to see photos of other celebrity homes! Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions
Besides envy-inducing flowers, of course.
Find out the rule that would keep this woman out of your house.
But this gardener really doesn't seem to mind... or care.
1. Hanging curtains that are way too short or too long. Ideally, your window treatments should just hit the floor or pool
Well, this is an unusual (but luxurious) way to bring the outdoors in.
This isn't quite what we imagined for Ron Burgundy.
Sometimes a small bedroom can feel more like a cave than a cozy refuge. If a space lacks natural light, smart storage and
This is one incredible way to get back to nature.
** Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Do you have a home
The glaringly obvious one
For a long time, I shuddered at the thought of a bath in the bedroom. It conjured up images of an over-pouffed B & B with
They're kinda weird, but also kinda helpful.
Cabinets and chairs aren't the only things you can make with the material.
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
It's not an if, it's a when. Mistaken appointment times, last minute guests, friends and family who love to just drop in
The colors really make this brown house standout. Traditional Landscape by Boulder Creek Landscape Architects & Designers
Is it just us or is there always a chance of rain these days?
The key here is to remain calm when you see one.
We were impressed, amazed and filled with questions.
The hit might be set in our time, but this office is right out of old Hollywood.
For more photos of the property, flip through our slideshow below. And to tour other luxury homes, be sure to visit The Pinnacle
Spending my Fourth of July at the beach, I loved nosily peeking into peoples' windows as I walked by and noticing their beachy
All you need is a large pot and your favorite herb.
Here, every room has a great view.
Planning a move can be a difficult and stressful process, but the actual day of your move can be downright overwhelming. Knowing what you need to get done -- and in what order -- will help to put your mind at ease when the big moving day arrives.
t's terrible to settle in to a new rental home or apartment only to discover something amiss. Once you sign a lease or contract, you are legally bound to what is written in the rental agreement.
Just wait until you hear what this property has.
If you're interested in owning a piece of fashion history and have some cash to spare, Casa Casuarina, Gianni Versace's former
You'll agree when we say
There's no argument that mosquitoes are a major buzz kill of summertime fun, but covering yourself from head to toe in sticky bug spray can be almost as vexing.
These ideas aren't just practical, but they're also completely stylish.
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Fashion and decor are blurring the lines once again as The Rug Company has teamed up with style house Alexander McQueen for
And eleven other wild models that take repurposing to the extreme.
In at least one part of the home, you'll get a better view.
If you're like most busy homeowners, you want your indoor plants to tolerate substandard growing conditions and some neglect
When this starts happening, you can forget your house-buying dreams.
Warning
These make us want to pack our bags and move to Venice!
Many of us aren't lucky enough to have large backyards to grow lush vegetable gardens. But that doesn't mean we can't exercise
You would only send this card with irony. Extreme irony.
We're seriously thinking of relocating anywhere but NYC.
Sometimes being happy with your house isn't about making big changes; it's about learning to appreciate the little things
You get a gorgeous home that you have to see to believe.
** Credit
Avoid a proportional faux pas
It's a look we call \vintage Grandpa.\
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Even if your idea of crafting is \repinning other people's photos.\
Even back then, it wasn't quite what we expected from a family with a vast fortune.
I don't care how well designed or clean your home is, everyone needs to stage their home to sell it efficiently, and you do not need to spend any money to stage your home. Time, yes! Money, no! The right approach is simply a change in mindset.
Perhaps it's not so much the chores, but the perception of what our homes \should\ look like. Whether it's the expectations
The foreclosure mess due to the economic downturn has left many homeowners facing devastating taxes, even after they sell a house in a foreclosure or short sale or one that is underwater, so they earn little, nothing, or sell the home at a loss.
Scroll through to see some of Hull's work, and be sure to head over to his Flickr page for more information. Do you have
From high-fashion specimens to artisanal designs, we round up the best-looking boards on dry land. Read more on Domaine Home
Contemporary Kitchen by Great Falls Architects & Designers Carlyn And Company Interiors + Design 5. Solid Surfacing What
Check out this slideshow of pocket neighborhoods for a glimpse at how others live simply. Have something to say? Check out
Sometimes the art or photo is still in the frame. That's when it really takes a visionary to see that frame take on a new life. The art might be bad, but the frame could be great.
5. Radio Control Tissue Box Case Because there's nothing worse than having to get out of bed or off the couch to find a Kleenex
Summer is the time of year for home decorating and design projects. It can mean a full overhaul of a space, remodeling, updating, painting, or just mixing in new pillows and other decor items.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. ** Do you have a home
PLEASE NOTE that Zuburbia does not endorse the use of fur, feathers, leather or animal skins in home decor. Any of these
Renovation Budget Tracker The data is based on the feedback of over 100,000 real homeowner respondents who have been in your
When a designer/stylist raves about a compact piece of furniture that also happens to be incredibly versatile, you take note
Every morning, my boyfriend and I have the great luck to be woken up by a multitude of furry four-legged (and one three-legged) friends.
People who keep llamas as pets will readily offer you any number of reasons
You know his name from many collaborations, but we never thought he'd lend his talents to this.
Aside from a place to put your glass pineapples.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Those plastic baskets
Remember, you don't have to be rich to work with a professional.
This model/actress certainly knows how to live stylishly.
Repurposing an old wagon is pretty and practical.
My kids find hot air balloons quite fascinating. I don't know what it is, but I'm with them on this - they are a little alien
Forget \Shabby Chic\ -- boho is the new way to create a romantic vibe.
If you've long supported a fiction-consumption habit, there are probably more than a few books lying around your home. And
Because we all have a few hanging around past their prime.
These won't get in the way of your weekend plans.
You're going to have to go bold for this one.
In case your friends and family got a little messy over the holiday.
For some inspiration, scroll through these eight summer table ideas fromour friends at Lonny that are sure to impress your
Yes, even a messy spot like this can become tidy.
It sets the bar for urban living very high.
You'd be surprised at how many of his inventions withstood the test of time.
Fire up the grill, hide the fireworks and get ready to party.
For example, the living room was given a fresh coat of yellow paint and the two reupholstered the family's old sofa to give
You wouldn't go on a first date without looking your best, and your house shouldn't be sold without looking its best, either
** It's not every day you get a chance to own a piece of property that once served guests like the Kennedys, Grace Kelly
Last weekend on an overcast Sunday, I locked myself indoors to watch episode after episode of Top of the Lake (think Twin
** We've rounded up 12 adorable options from glass to wood to ceramic that are on the market now and will match any decor
Since it's 5 o'clock somewhere, we have everything you need to start and style your very own bar cart. An entertaining essential
We've got you covered for your \Party in the U.S.A.\
It's affordable and has gorgeous views...but the home is missing something very important.
This house restoration is one for the books, folks!
Summer is here and there's no better time to hit the outlets and shopping malls for a little retail therapy. You know you can find summer chic on the cheap, but some buys are better than others during the warm season.
The houses still stand, but one is noteworthy for a completely different reason.
If you're under the impression that you need a spare room or a huge master bedroom to set up a workspace in your home, you're
It's not quite we imagined -- and its worth will raise your eyebrow.
Whether it's on a pair of pillows, the back of a bookshelf, the floor or the ceiling, a splash of unexpected color transforms
And why he's choosing to move around the corner instead.
Secret ways to take this household object to new heights. Read more on Real Simple
Don't waste another minute on your hands and knees in your kitchen, searching for that missing cutting board or rolling pin
A stunning cottage fit for an icon.
\How on earth did you live without a bottle opener bracelet?\
With the record-breaking heat, drought, and fire storms of the summer of 2012, followed by a horrendous start to the 2013 fire season, most of us want to do what we can to improve the chances that our home will survive a local wildfire.
Click through our slideshow to see other household tips. ** As you move from room to room, you'll discover how to affordably
The material, soil and even flower arrangement can make all the difference on your porch.
Want an easy, instant way to jolt a room into high gear? Try a dose of Day-Glo. Here are bright ideas for basking in this
Whether you transform it into a dining room, a library, or just a simple and pretty space, these hallway decorate ideas will
It also happens to be a lazy pet-owner's dream come true.
We respectfully disagree.
What's It Worth
Last week we covered the principles of building a vertical garden, but no living wall is complete without some knowledge in choosing the best plants for the system.
If you've got $1.2 million, you can actually become them... sort of.
Get inspired to recreate park-style dining in your own home.
Want to add some fab eco-friendly style to your home but have no time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just
We've got the solutions to get the job done right.
Tackle top trouble zones with these easy-to-follow tricks.
Summer doesn't have to send you and your guests clinging to the comforts of air conditioning, especially if you're willing
There would have been legendary parties, if this photo says anything.
No one has ever brought home a good piece that didn't need some shining.
They're great ways to soak up some sun.
4th of July is right around the bend.
Here's how you really set the mood for a great summer party.
Surprisingly, there's some good advice here.
We're just wondering if there's a modern day Prince Charming inside.
Time-saving tricks for when you have something better to do with your weekend.
High-quality paint alone won't cut it. For the best-looking painted bathroom walls, you'll need to get these other details
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Click through our slideshow
As these photos show, a garden can call for nothing more than a pot and a lush plant. Read more on Real Simple
The secret ingredients can repel some major pests.
Why you should avoid events in neighborhoods that have cupcake shops.
They won't turn the outdoors into a hotel, but a little comfort and style can make a difference.
If you think the exterior is cool, wait until you see how surprisingly chic it is inside.
Opened in June 2011, NYC's Yotel--designed by hotel interiors guru David Rockwell--sets itself apart from the budget pack
Though I'm a city girl now, I have a past. And that past involved growing up in the 'country' -- farm animals, bugs, weeds and lots and lots of antlers.
Though we're not sure a 22,000-square-foot mansion would ever be approved by Mother Earth.
It's best to stick with inexpensive plates until you really get the hang of it.
To celebrate, we're taking a tour of her glam home.
** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
In this modernist plan, the elliptical great lawn is used succinctly as a classical urban room, on the sunniest part of the
You know, these \predictions\ make the decade of excess look not-so-bad.
Girl's got a classic Yurt in her backyard -- can't get more green than that.
One designer proves that bold is better in small spaces.
Homebuying is an inherently emotional experience and brings with it feelings that don't always serve our best interest in the heat of decision-making.
No, we aren't suggesting you go goth.
We're not sure Samantha would have made this particular choice.
\My roommate was an education major, but it was only the first semester of our first year,\ he related. \I said 'Hello,' and
AMC's Mad Men featured its usual slew of Los Angeles locations filling in for mid-century New York (and also LA and Detroit
When we first saw the exterior of this Rolling Hills, California mansion, we thought it was just another big estate to envy
Besides of course, that you're fabulous.
Add fruit and flowers to a round glass bowl to outfit a side table at your next party. Read more on Real Simple
Make any space shine with one of these.
Start saving them now!
This is probably the stuff that fairytales are made of.
We've heard of removing adhesive with peanut butter, but this way makes so much more sense -- plus it's a lot cleaner. Click
Having filled up just about every horizontal surface with flora, I turned to the wall for inspiration. I had seen plenty of outdoor gardens but I wanted to get a sense as to whether it was possible to build a healthy vertical garden in my home.
From sconces to numbers, the right outdoor accoutrements bring polish to any style of house. Follow the lead of your architecture
I've always loved to cook. My stove gets a daily workout, my recipe books number in the hundreds, and I have so many pots
How one artist turned a very unattractive (and stinky) building into a gorgeous loft.
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
There's no reason to buy new stuff; you already have everything you need. Read more on Real Simple
The only way to survive is to be uber organized.
One of my best friends recently bought her very first apartment, and I've been brainstorming ideas for the perfect present
You've finally purchased the art print you've been pining for, but haven't gotten around to hanging it yet. Sound familiar
Between a deep water dock and panoramic views of the water, we'd say it's the ultimate retreat.
A glimpse at how the couple lived before the White House years.
It's widely known in the moving industry that summer is the busiest moving season of the year. With that, there's an extremely large number of do-it-yourself movers that turn to the Web in an effort to plan or coordinate their relocation project.
As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. To receive the
Who said being a great hostess meant spending big bucks?
5. Red, White and Black
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Clients always seem to have a hard time arranging their books and bookshelves. It can easily look over-designed or too messy
Installing a pool slide is just one of them.
Maybe just give your neighbors a heads-up before you install one.
Especially about the distinction between yours versus other people's.
Get the lowdown on how to make a room look chic, not tacky.
Because trying to find a matching pair of earrings in an old box is like entering Narnia.
The homes were broken-down, the restaurants were seedy and many of the landmark buildings in this former vacation destination
Stylish patios are easy to create and popular for creating outdoor extensions to the home. They allow you to enjoy the outdoors in comfort, and outdoor living has never been more a part of our everyday living!
Embracing easy summer living can be as simple as spending time each day on your front porch. There is something utterly relaxing
If you have a pink tub and gold antique faucets, it just might be time to renovate and invest in something you'll actually enjoy using and admiring.
Both professional interior designers and crafters/DIYers struggle with the same kinds of problems
If Summer entertaining is on the agenda, then you'll want in on this easy DIY for creating a nonslip drink tray. Think back
Apparently a lone swingset is frowned upon these days.
The household relic makes a comeback with these projects.
Hint
Think back to your summer break circa 1993.
Served up family-styIe, guests can crack open a clam or dip a grilled lobster claw into some warm butter and wash it down with an old-fashioned gimlet that's served with a distinctly modern twist.
Honestly, these accessories leave us anxious to cycle all summer long.
Everything you need to know about sofas in one place. Experts such as Windsor Smith, Barbara Barry, and Steven Gambrel share
Clearly the nickname \Little General\ gave him a home complex.
If you have an outdoor space, you're going to want to gives these ideas a try.
I have been following Erin's nursery project for the last several months and knew I had to share the finished result with
One of the biggest challenges of expecting a little one is putting together the perfect nursery. Yet, with the help of Desiree
Isn't everything bigger in Texas?
\Childhood is a precious and finite thing ... And a special playhouse is not the sort of thing you can put off until the
You know how your parents told you when you were little that if you peed in the pool, a the water around you would turn green? Well, they were lying. But kids know better and so should you!
Head over to The Pinnacle List for other amazing homes. Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions
What, we shouldn't be celebrating every day?
You don't even have to sign up for Match.com to do so.
Picnic season is in full swing, and while convenience is crucial, you also want to be sure to avoid creating excess waste
It's no wonder that these owners have an eye for detail.
Laser cut paper easily passes for lace, making it perfect for wedding details. Depending on the design, it can read romantic
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Do you have a home
Aside from packing those boxes, of course.
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
This technology is cool -- for miniatures, that is.
Sometimes a garden that is filled with plants of similar heights, especially those lower than 3 feet, can become drab. Add
Throwing a party is all fun and games ... that is, until you see the bill. Between the decorations, groceries, beverages
Once you get there, it's straight to the restaurant -- you'll need your energy. And of course, you have to take a break to
If you skipped spring cleaning and are now looking at some much needed summer cleaning, these whimsical DIY animal jar tops may get you excited to organize!
Husqvarna Automower Solar Hybrid It sounds like an IKEA product, but this is basically a Roomba for your lawn. As long as
We are approaching the first official day of Summer and with it the beginning of camping season. And while some people worry
37 Ways to Make Something New Out of Something Old Bedroom Design Ideas Living Rooms You'll Love WHAT IS IT? Also check out
McDuff moved with us to a grander house six years later, a new house with lots of land that could accommodate our bigger
** For 20 years, Bruce Lubin and his wife Jeanne have been collecting tips and hints to save time, money, and make everyday
These six fresh ideas will take the guesswork out of painting or decorating.
It's the height of wedding season, so we asked Royal Wedding floral designer Shane Connolly to share his top ten tips for
We hire professionals for their expertise, experience and commitment to do the job to our satisfaction.
Perk up any room with a shot of this color.
DISCLOSURE
The secret is to actually add furnishings, not subtract.
Michael Diamond was sitting in his Cobble Hill town house, marveling at the virtues of a backyard. \When I was growing up
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Do you have a home
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
1. Add a splash of color with patterned bedding. Eclectic Bedroom by Dc Metro Interior Designers & Decorators Kirsten Anthony
If you weren't convinced that small can be better, watch this video.
More than just a space for cooking and eating, the kitchen is where all of the action in the home takes place. We live in
A couple of cans and a brush go a long way.
3. When you have a bar like this, it really doesn't matter what the rest of the yard looks like. Tropical Landscape by Cary
Add a rustic feeling to any room in the house.
Father's Day is right around the corner! If you haven't gotten Pops or Hubs a gift yet, or are just looking for a little \something extra,\ this printable is sure to put a smile on his face.
It can be yours... for a hefty price.
Yikes, HGTV, this was a fail.
Turning cheese into a tr\u00e8s chic display takes a bit of talent but in a few simple tips, you'll be on your way to a fancy cheese plate that'll wow your guests!
Even mighty oak trees start their lives as tiny acorns. If you have the room, the climate and the patience to grow an oak from an acorn, here's how to do it.
Candles don't have to be boring, you know.
It wasn't \something that gets into your parent's rug and stays there for decades.\
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Do you have a home
Plants and pets aren't always a perfect combination. A surprising number of plants, including landscape and houseplant favorites
The Brazilian artist made the entire model out of paper, and hand-painted every nook and cranny. The detailing is absolutely
Make any room seem larger with new colors and smart furniture and storage solutions. Read more on Real Simple
For many of us, life can be quite chaotic at times. Between a demanding career, quality time with your spouse and kids, and
Get on track, stay on track, and don't let a few late rent payments destroy your future plans -- it's just not worth it.
Although getting something for dad has been on your to-do list for weeks, you still haven't been able to cross it off. I know that it's not because you don't care. Dads are just notoriously hard to shop for, and yours is no exception.
Now this is how you really make a splash this season.
One couple decide
It boasts one thousand feet of water frontage -- need we say more?
Whether you're itching to plant azaleas or zucchini\u2015or something in between\u2015you need to do a little handiwork before you
We're getting ready to pack our bags and head out West.
** When we think of caravans, we don't usually associate them with luxury. That was, of course, until we saw the eleMMent
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. ** Do you have a home
Here's a terrific tip to use during warm weather
Real Simple asked you to ID the small, irksome items that block your path to organizational bliss. (\u201cTake my whisk\u2014please
It's a relief to clear all that packing material out of your new home once you're finally settled in. Those supplies don't simply disappear when they're out of sight, however. They have to go somewhere, and often that \somewhere\ is a landfill.
This is worlds away from the messy man caves we've seen.
It's the billionaire's answer to \What shall I do this summer?\
We love the look of a living wall but have always been the tiniest bit intimidated by them. Perhaps we weren't the only ones
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Would you ever guess you'd get gift ideas from Paypal?
There are so many unfortunate snap judgments that happen when one reveals that they live on the beach in New Jersey, known
They make potted plants look old school.
The last thing you want to be doing this summer is fixing a broken A/C.
We couldn't think of a better way to celebrate than by taking a peek into her home.
IV. Contemporary Patio by Santa Monica Landscape Architects & Designers ecocentrix landscape architecture VI. Contemporary
We've all been in those shoes -- no pun intended.
Marble has been used by master craftsmen throughout the ages to adorn palace floors, ceilings and walls. Although it was
IV. Contemporary Bedroom by Boston Interior Designers & Decorators PLATEMARK DESIGN V. Contemporary Bedroom by East Quogue
It's no wonder this discreet little florist in Saint-Germain-des-Pr\u00e9s is a favorite of Sofia Coppola. Walk inside the doorway
At this fine hour, on this most auspicious day, and without further ado, here Curbed presents the most over-the-top house
** Nuclear engineer Alvin Kaufman installed the shelter in 1961 fifteen feet below ground to protect his family from radiation
\Less is more\ might be her style mantra, but doesn't describe her approach to real estate.
Short on time? It's still possible to pull together a wow-worthy table arrangement that suits your party style. Create one
What dad wouldn't appreciate a heartfelt note?
A few extra square feet is more than enough room for one of these gardens. Read more on Real Simple
Start scouring flea markets, online auctions, and yard sales for these wallet-friendly scores\u2014from miniature busts to prize
We've got the ins and outs of a backyard renovation.
Not only did I not de-man cave my honey's house, I embraced it. I didn't just incorporate the skulls and the antlers and the rifles and yes, even the shockingly long walrus penis bone my almost-husband has displayed in the master bath into my decorating endeavors, I highlighted them.
You don't often meet an introvert with a bright orange entryway.
Let's talk about messiness. What's your threshold for disorder? Just how many socks can pile up on the floor before you reach
If you thought keeping up with the Joneses was hard, wait until you see this.
You can do way more than just add outdoor chairs.
It's not always easy to commit to color, but with these bright orange accents, you can bring the bright, summery shade to
I suppose some people actually park in their garages. We have been in our house for 15 years and have never once used it
This makes us feel better about our houseplants that, um, never flowered.
One couple bravely takes the DIY route -- for very little money.
We count down the latest and greatest in time-keeping designs. Read more on Domaine Home
If you find yourself kicking off your duvet at night, it might be time for a Summer switch up. Read more on Pop Sugar
Because nothing screams personality like a generic Ikea model.
Expert tips and stylish color pairings make it easy to integrate this neutral shade into your decor. Read more on Real Simple
If these serene porches don't put you at ease, we're not sure what will.
The bath trends at the International Contemporary Furniture Fair (ICFF) reveal a blend luxury and high tech that is more remarkable than ever. Technical sophistication has risen to an aesthetic high making our bath options better than ever.
We wonder if it belongs to a famous celeb or a socialite.
Dad, Grandpa, Hubby... any man in your life might love to see a shoot 'em up film or go to a ball game on Father's Day, but those gifts don't rank very high on the creativity scale.
This actress just know how to mix substance and style.
A few simple methods will keep bills, catalogs, and other mail from piling up. Read more on Real Simple
A sofa is one of the biggest furniture investments you'll make -- and one of the most permanent. Even if you're just buying
A little bit can turn an everyday item into a lovely gift.
Celebrating Summer just got more groovy, thanks to Jonathan Adler's new line for Paperless Post. With 50 original designs
Well, except for all of the hot dogs and teddy bears.
Closely related to this gift of Lincoln, is his use of 'sayings' to drive home his point. \If you can look into the seeds
Innovation is pushing aside the old rules of garden design. No soil to plant? No problem. Gardeners are now growing plants everywhere -- on walls, rooftops, tabletops, even along busy streets. Check out these four.
The best part about decorating with stripes is that it doesn't matter how they are styled -- they are always classic. Whether
These homes take house plants to the next level.
These properties have designer cred and rarely come up for sale.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. The proud owners of
If you want to get the eclectic collector look, I have a shortcut for you
Many homeowners strive for the perfect, emerald-green lawn, which often means that their lawn mower suffers considerable use and abuse. And without regular, preventive maintenance, there's a good chance an overworked lawn mower will sputter out just when you need it most.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Click through our slideshow
We're going to say yes, but what do you think?
Your martini shaker, for instance, is the last thing you should pack.
These are the perfect places to wind down at the end of a long day.
It\u2019s easy to change the look of a bedroom\u2015without even changing the big stuff. Read more on Real Simple
We\u2019ve raved about the eco benefits of making your own soda at home via a SodaStream before, and now we\u2019re glad to see that
Market conditions are highly variable, but using realtor.com's site listing data, we've identified five markets where low median age of inventory combined with rising listing prices indicates that the answer to the selling question may very well be yes.
** Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address
An amazing lamp can really make a space sing. And, while chandeliers are stunning focal points that light up a room, store
Bedroom Design Ideas WHAT IS IT? Click through our slideshow to see other fabulous vintage finds from Country Living. Living
Turn an empty hearth into a real vision with these five easy ideas.
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
There's no need to spend money on expensive holders from the garden center.
Nothing screams leisurely fun like a hanging chair on the porch or patio. We're drawn to every style from colorful hammock
All of the gin, but none of the hassle of a night out. We're certainly inspired.
These projects are great ways to show your pride.
** One of the more disgusting chores out there is when you have to unclog your drain -- especially if you don't have any
AKA seven cute ways to hide your booze in the park.
Follow these tips to make sure your bar is stocked and the drinks keep flowing all party long. Read more on Real Simple
After these quick fixes, you'll be able to relax and enjoy.
No one has to know that they only took you minutes.
Remember that thing that was stressing you out? Neither can we.
Top designers from around the country share their sources for striking flower arrangements. Read more on Elle Decor
8. Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada Contemporary Exterior by Other Metro General Contractor grandevista 10. Seattle, Washington
In case your friends and family get a little messy.
There are many misconceptions about what an interior designer does. The main one is that they are only for the wealthy, people who are happy to get rid of what they own and subsequently spend outrageous amounts money on pricey goods famously marked up by absurd percentages.
Take a look at these and prepare to be served.
Summer is just around the corner, and now is the perfect time to update your space for the season! Here are 10 quick and easy home d\u00e9cor updates that will enliven your home for the warm months ahead.
No one can deny the allure of Paris in the spring. We've identified a wonderful little caf\u00e9 that should be on everyone's list for their next visit to the City of Lights.
After years in the doldrums, the U.S. housing market is finally showing signs of life. Looking to buy a home? Here are five tips to keep in mind:
\I listen to one, and I get sick of it.\
Colin Cowie reveals why you should rethink those paper towels-turned-napkins.
And you don't have to spend any extra money.
9. Other Metro Photo Credit
Guys, we didn't even think we had to in the first place.
See what's changing on \Arrested Development,\ right down to our favorite neighbor's home.
Sixteen ideas that add unexpected fun and color. Read more on Real Simple
But, the new owner can't move in just yet for a big reason...
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Jeremiah Brent\u2019s passion for interior design started early, when he taught himself how to design and build furniture at the
We so want to go to there.
The secret weapon for a restaurant interior on a budget? An industrial stool spray-painted a cheery shade (yellow or red
Transform your table with these simple yet beautiful arrangements Read more on Real Simple
** At first glance, this luxurious property located in the Jubilee Hills neighborhood of Hyderabad, India appears to be a
Working for a famous designer definitely has its perks.
One homeowner creates a masterpiece using little more than markers.
Why you'll want to keep a bar handy next time you're redecorating.
Mmm... we love the smell of freshly cut grass.
And we thought $100 million was a lot.
The saying goes \time flies when you're having fun\ but how about when your clock has wings? This easy DIY project will give time the ability to fly on the wings of butterflies... now that's fun!
We really didn't think this installation was possible on your own, but one homeowner proved us wrong.
All week long I've been sharing my spring dinner party on The Kitchn, a party I hosted in my one-bedroom apartment in Brooklyn
It's much easier to work with than you think.
The 2013 Kips Bay Decorator Show House, where 19 prominent designers have worked their magic on an Upper East Side townhouse
Mr. Belvedere, \Mr. Belvedere\ Tony, \Who's The Boss\ Florence, \The Jeffersons\ Geoffrey, \The Fresh Prince Of Bell Air
Give your house a new look without spending a lot of time or money.
We all know what April showers bring, so end the month with a healthy stock of vases fit for every bloom. Etsy is our go
Barbie's Dreamhouse figured prominently in my youth. To be honest, it was a constant on my wishlist, but my parents deemed
Check out the video above for more on what goes into purchasing a piece of architectural history. Have something to say? Check
Who knew the sparkly beverage works wonders around the house?
With some hard work, a little paint and a lot of love, this house went from drab to fab.
Take the Levi\u2019s 5 day jean challenge and post your pics! Wash your clothes in cold water and less often. Also, only wash
Whether you'll be stirring up a free-range chicken on a bed of noodles or some tofu & mixed veggies, a good wok is the key
Consider a simple bedroom DIY. Without spending a lot of money, you can revamp your space on the fly with a homemade project
Photo
To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list here. Your information will
Believe us -- these aren't those intimidating projects you've seen on Pinterest.
Simply mold a pack of Sugru, a soft, clay-like rubber adhesive to the top. Allow it to harden for 24 hours. After, the bottle
Light fixtures can be changed. Colors can be painted over. Ugly floors can be covered. They're not all easy projects for
t'll turn even the most humble yards into a photo op.
Liz Lemon was 100% right.
We have two words for you
Feel free to repin.
The incredible features that could be yours -- if the price is right.
Making this decision requires a lot of number-crunching. Bringing in a contractor to advise you on the cost of your potential remodel and working with a realtor on a potential sale will give you the data you need to decide whether it's time to stay or go.
Warmer temperatures, bright blue skies, and sunny days are luring you outside. And if you're planning to do any of your eating
Every kid dreams about a treehouse. I still dream about one myself. If you are lucky to live in the country with a big garden
And the winner is...
You can pick the perfect home, but not who you will be living next door to.
Say goodbye to worry about broken glasses.
It's a little tip that can pack a lot of punch.
It's the only way we can think of celebrating his birthday!
It's not so bad on the inside. We promise.
Chandeliers! Stainless steel finishes! Huge islands!
One man's souvenir collection takes over his home.
Trends are set; they explode on blogs; prices on Etsy and eBay soar; large retailers like Restoration Hardware and Pottery
The one cool feature that no one really needs, but we definitely want.
HOAs are homes, neighborhoods and communities. These are places where people live. So the rules need to both benefit and support the lifestyle of those who live there.
You can get a piece of the action, too.
It's time to honor dad this Father's Day with a gift that gives his cool side a face-lift. Here are some ideas of how to have a hipster Father's Day for the dad whose edge needs a little sharpening.
For a truly stress-free party, you want to keep the pests\u2014and the guests\u2014from buzzing in your ear. Here\u2019s how to create a
You'll never look at your OPI shades the same way.
It started at an ice cream parlor. To-Go Ware founder Stephanie Bernstein was enjoying a cool treat when struck with the
Is there anything you can't do with one of these containers?
Door knockers have been around for centuries, created for the pragmatic purpose of announcing the arrival of guests and, later
Reduce, reuse, recycle \u2013 got it. Now on to a few R\u2019s you may not be as familiar with\u2026 The newest addition to NUDE\u2019s line
Before you rearrange your furniture, you're going to want to read this.
Keep your party out of the dark with one of these illuminating lighting options. Read more on Real Simple
The incredible interiors rival those of mansions.
We're wondering who would be willing to buy it...
Is it lonely or a luxury?
Whether you\u2019re into diamonds, campfires, big pieces of meat, or classic mix tapes, Rotterdam based artist Ron van der Ende
PHOTO
Whenever you entertain guests, the kitchen and dining room tables take center stage and receive a lot of time in the spotlight
The Huffington Post is proud to present a story originally published by Ecofabulous. Though they look like relics from a
It's so beautiful, it's almost not fair.
Jump on the train headed towards Sustainability Central
Many of the tiny homes we've come across have interesting backstories, but this model for living small is particularly unusual
If there was ever a time we'd want to meet the Dutchess, it's right now.
We\u2019ve praised Duchess Marden\u2019s fit-for-a-a-queen line of eco-luxe skin care before (it\u2019s no secret that it\u2019s one of Zem\u2019s
The buyer had no idea they were getting gem.
For 20 years, Bruce Lubin and his wife Jeanne have been collecting tips and hints to save time, money, and make everyday
Use these guidelines to see how many gallons you can conserve each year. Read more on Real Simple
Painted Ladies, Alamo Square San Francisco ** Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest
It\u2019s 5 o\u2019clock somewhere. Beauty geeks and mixologists alike are loving Scotch Naturals, a line of water-based, non-toxic
What does a sweet tooth and sustainable skin care have in common? We\u2019re here to report on an indulgent intersection. For
This is the second time they've dropped the ball during a major holiday this year.
Just in case you wanted your home to smell like an IHOP.
You know this means plenty of mixed patterns and a ton of pillows.
GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list
We can only imagine how you'd explain to the deliveryman how to find the front door. Check out the video above and prepare
Guys, this seriously might be the most useful life hack ever.
We expected a little modernizing, but this went a bit too far.
When you want it to literally -- not figuratively -- suck.
Need a little help turning your neglected backyard into the kind of place you'd want to actually spend time in? We asked
2.Weedman Design Partners/Houzz Contemporary Entry by Portland Interior Designer Weedman Design Partners Do you have a home
In case you've forgotten, tomorrow's the big day.
With one of these, there's no reason to silence your phone ever again.
Who doesn't love throwing that unforgettable party? Get inspired to take it to the next level as we show you how to create
No, you really don't need that pink easy-bake oven.
You'll be surprised by how these little pebbles can be put to work.
Looks like this realtor knows what he's doing.
The Huffington Post is proud to present an article originally published by Ecofabulous. The urban folk art of American artist
Prepare for your \aw\ moment of the day.
We've got amazing photos from 10 of the best botanical spaces in America.
She's earned a big honor for her truly stunning outdoor projects.
To watch full segment, head over to HuffPost Live, and click through our slideshow to see fabulous homemade gift options
Well, now we know where we're moving to.
Convertible sleeping options to suit every type of visitor. Read more on Real Simple
Who says beauty is only skin deep? L\u2019uvalla\u2019s line of 100% natural and certified organic (there\u2019s a difference between natural
Sometimes life assaults us with an arsenal of ailments \u2013 from sunburns to bug bites to headaches and joint pain. What if
Our friends at Apartment Therapy are holding their annual \Small, Cool\ contest, which sets out to find the best in -- you
It's the kind of humor grandma probably wouldn't understand.
We totally think she should turn this into a \Paranormal Activity\ movie -- if Liam Hemsworth is it.
Watch the full segment on HuffPost Live. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr
For even more style inspiration, check our our favorite TV shows. We may not have the \touch\ when it comes to keeping our
The Sling is available at a number of retail locations as well as online. We\u2019ve seen eco-friendly hammocks before (you can
It's okay, she's totally cool with it.
I am always in the company of bright minds that have wonderful questions. Most of these questions revolve around the dinner table, and the most commonly asked question is, \How can I tell which is my bread plate?\
During the California wildfire, the comedian stepped up and helped out.
Don't count those bird watching encyclopedias out just yet.
When the warm days of May roll around (soon we hope!), dining al fresco, gardening and reading in the backyard or on on the
If the nostalgic aspect of this home doesn't lure you in, the jaw-dropping views sure will. Set on the cliffs overlooking
We know...we don't get it either.
Even a seasoned editor couldn't tell what was up.
Each February (and again in August), Messe Frankfurt hosts Ambiente, the world's largest  consumer goods and indoor trade fair. This winter's show featured 42 kilometers of aisles in 27 halls.
Forget fancy polishes -- what your couch needs can be found in your cupboard.
PHOTOS
In 1925, the world population was about 2 billion and by 2025 that number will have quadrupled. How are we going to house all of these people? Efficient spaces. It's time to put an end to arrested development.
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Want to turn a few unused items into an elegant, masterfully designed DIY project? All you need are a few pieces of dinnerware and a pair of candlesticks!
We can see why some say that this is \Iron Man\ Tony Stark's place.
There's just too much awesomeness in this little space.
With Mother's Day coming up, it's a no-brainer that you'll be plotting gifts for mom, but what about your friend, sister, or coworker who is a mom-to-be? The \Royal Pregnancy\ has us all talking about the mom-to-be as a new category for Mother's Day altogether.
As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. Want to add some
The problems associated with owning a pet could fill volumes. As a relatively new cat owner, I did not expect my life (and my house) to be turned upside down with the invasion of flea eggs and flea larvae.
For 20 years, Bruce Lubin and his wife Jeanne have been collecting tips and hints to save time, money, and make everyday
What's It Worth
Would you rather have a newly-built home or a piece of local history? Across America today, you can find homes for sale that were built as long ago as the 19th century or as recently as yesterday.
This sofa has changed many minds over the years.
This story was originally published on Ecofabulous. You may have long outgrown your need to be hummed and lulled to sleep
This story was originally published on Ecofabulous. Based in Brooklyn, Re-Baroque is now sold on the West Coast at San Francisco\u2019s
The Huffington Post is proud to present an Ecofabulous story. Boy oh boy, do I have some fabulous art for you today. The
Why not give these unusual cleaning tricks a try?
Though I'm often called the miracle worker, it's the dogs that always impress me.  The most forgiving and trusting of all the earth's creatures, I'm left in awe of their healing abilities.
Have you ever noticed how sweet some of our feathered friends have it? Like, really. They can FLY, eat freely, and many times
Our gin-soaked correspondent reveals the secret to party success.
We can think of only one place where we\u2019d want to celebrate this occasion.
This is a sure way to bring some flavor (other than booze) to your party.
There's something in the garden that might raise your eyebrows.
Make it stylish... without ticking off your landlord.
Lesson #1
May 12 is just around the corner.
And why Baby Boomers are the ones to thank for these hot styles.
Mother's Day. Oh the pressure! How does one thank Mom for all that she's done for us through the years? In case you're totally stumped and five minutes away from ordering a fruit basket, just stop. I took care of you, whether your budget is limited or lavish. Check out my top picks this year!
There's still a hole in every design fan's heart for Domino.
\No dull men tolerated.\
The 2013 L.A. Modernism show is a chic and curated event that hits the city and captures over sixty exhibitors showing design, decorative and art from across the 20th century. Cool local artists, retailers and companies were on hand this past week and did not disappoint with amazing collections.
7. Taking photographs can act as a diary. I'm always trying to figure out ways to keep hold of memories. My one-sentence
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
It's a long way from Rachel Berry's New York City apartment.
When you're spring cleaning this season, here's something new to try
With so many nooks and crannies to examine, the photo tour makes exploration a magical treat.
North Carolina-based Haand studio found a fan in Ecofabulous founder Zem when she spotted them at Dwell on Design. \u201cI especially
So perhaps \u201cBladderwrack\u201d isn\u2019t the most soothing name you\u2019ve heard in a while. But when this nutrient-rich seaweed is sustainably
Reuse is one of the basic tenants of being Ecofabulous, but when life paves your road with stubble, you may need to shave
Today\u2019s the day to stop carrying that yawn-inducing reusable tote with your grocery store\u2019s logo on it, and start sporting
What, you don't need a teeny tiny plastic fetus? Weirdo.
Watch the video above to check out this time capsule from the '60s and check out some of the photos from the shelter in our
A glimpse into 30 of the most energy-efficient homes in the US.
The aesthetic of San Francisco-based decorator Grant K. Gibson is all about mixing magazine-ready chic-ness with a livable quality. Definitely not the you-can't-touch-this-it's-too-precious look. Here Grant talks about creating beautiful spaces and putting that iPhone down every now and then.
OK, so it's not really straight out of the cult favorite Star Trek, but it looks damn close. The residence, located in Athens
It's like they're all staring back at you.
His California home is a mid-century dream -- down to the retro wallpaper.
All we want to know is
Forget expensive sprays and wall plug-ins, this repurposing idea is the way to go.
And they'll match her style, too.
You totally need an old-timey whale in your bathroom.
PLEASE NOTE that Zuburbia does not endorse the use of fur, feathers, leather or animal skins in home decor. Any of these
A startling find on the property could impact a rumored \royal makeover.\
We're all for developing home skills, but this is ridiculous.
Before you even start your next DIY project, you\u2019re going to want to read this.
Who would have guessed that reading materials warms up a room.
The jury's still out on the actual mansions that influenced Fitzgerald, but we have a hunch these are the top candidates.
We had no idea this famous company made luggage.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. The 14,000-square-foot
Shopping for the smartest, safest products around isn\u2019t always easy \u2014 which is why we\u2019re always glad to see resources like
Who doesn't want silky, smooth, deliciously touch-me-now skin? (We sure do!). That's why we're slightly obsessed with the
If there\u2019s one thing that absolutely must be in your handbag, it\u2019s hellomellow\u2019s Kiddo Dry Skin Eraser. Designed for kids
Modfire found several ways to make fireplaces greener.
According to our friends at Ecofabulous, an outdoor space outfitted by this company will make you want to stay longer.
And it doesn't even need music to get the party started.
This rare glimpse into the past is either creepy, sad or amazing.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Either way, we're impressed
There is, along with a fledgling civil society, a growing middle class, and a slow erosion of the political barricade as
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Fire up your printer.
C'mon, it's time to do something about that weird hole in the wall.
Spring is finally here -- and with it comes the annual desire to clear clutter and start the season with a clean slate. Spring cleaning is a tedious but necessary task that can often be a budgetary burden if not managed thoughtfully.
It\u2019s not how you dress that matters, but rather, the home you put that dress on in.
These are so nice, we'd keep them blazing even in the dead of summer.
My mom is a hoarder. And now I'm becoming one, too.
The best part of your breakfast can help save a favorite piece of furniture.
It's a checklist worth looking over.
Ballrooms! Elevators! Movie theaters!
See why we're calling this another \Grey Gardens.\
Even her toddler loves shoes.
You'll never feel more grateful for the elbow space you have.
Dads, help your children give mom the best homemade Mother's Day gift she could possibly ask for -- that's right, breakfast in bed. Here are some tips on how to ensure this operation is a success and not a disaster!
When was the last time you ironed your ribbons, hm?
Including the signs that you need to call in a professional -- stat.
It's a design element that you probably already have.
One of our favorite childhood toys can help with a cleaning chore that only adults should handle.
There's now officially no excuse for black-thumb gardeners.
Yeah, we're pretty excited at the prospect, too.
For most people the investment in their home is the most critical investment in their lives. Yet, many people spend more time investigating which model of car to purchase, compared to what they are getting into with a HOA.
This designer had a trick up his sleeve when he created this pop-up shop.
Let's just take a moment to check out that street of shops.
Where the designer goes to unwind and relax.
The key is to start small and observe the rule of three.
Forget the mall. These fabulous presents can be had from the comfort of your own home.
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Traveling the world is great, but bringing your experience into your home may not be.
It's a wonder what people would be willing to live without in order to have a perfect home.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. PLEASE NOTE that Zuburbia
Whatever your style is, always remember that decor inspiration is literally everywhere... even in your favorite store!
And none of them involve the inability to breath because you ate it -- cool, right?
It's one good reason why you shouldn't throw the rolls away after the paper is gone.
It started with an alumni community's effort to help their beloved coach.
Check out the nine weirdest toilets we've ever seen
This easy laundry trick will make sure you look as good as George Michael in \Faith.\
It's a true testament to American culture -- and it's worth a lot of money.
Going green just got easier!
Regardless of where they love, young married Americans are much more likely to have purchased a home before marriage than members of the Boomer generation. It's an interesting and significant cultural shift in the timing and order in which people buy homes.
Maybe those demonic brooders aren't even now lurking just below the surface of the Earth, stretching their hexad limbs and blinking awake their millions of smoldering atomic eyes after their 17-year nap.
The Kennedy's have a commitment to sustainability.
What's even weirder is the location of this eerie abode.
The work of the interior designer is so much harder than that of the event designer. Why? Our clients go on a fun, creative journey with us when we plan and design their events, BUT they only need to commit to the look and feel of their party worlds for five or six hours tops.
Find out why the \Morning Joe\ host's husband was \a little horrified at first.\
Life without a refrigerator might seem unimaginable
We all know what happens when you wait until the last minute
Contrary to common belief, it's actually better when it's thriving inside.
With a \new\ use for nearly everything in your kitchen, who needs to ever buy cleaning products?
Are we getting a little ahead of ourselves by daydreaming about these?
There's no reason not to get out there and enjoy the spring weather.
He's in the market for a new place, but how can you really top this?
Who knew you could convert these into homes?
It'll save your local landfill any unnecessary disposable items.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. The home was last sold
It's been a rough week. Take a moment to look at these quotes and remember there is humanity left in the world.
When you see the \before,\ you'll be amazed by the homeowners' vision.
Even if you're just using them for baking, it's essential to to pay extra attention to these kitchen tools.
What is it with heart-shaped swimming pools and old Hollywood homes?
We've got your couches, televisions and even your DVDs covered.
One expert reveals why everyone's hot for vintage Americana.
Not too bad for someone facing multiple lawsuits.
It can fool your eyes into thinking the room is much bigger.
It's especially handy for those stray paper clips and supplies.
You'll definitely need some fresh air when you live in a place this small.
These Pinterest boards have so many options, it's nearly inexcusable to resort to a Whitman's Sampler.
This story appears in Issue 46 of our weekly iPad magazine, Huffington, in the iTunes App store, available Friday, April
When you're in a committed relationship, matching denim is apparently a must.
If this is true, her new home has a salt-water pool, perfect for entertaining the \Anger Management\ star.
I would double-check my homeowner insurance policy if I were you. If this happens, you will be forced to pay to repair the
Plus, nine other celebrity dining rooms that are worlds away from the standard table-and-chairs set-up.
In real estate, the crime of selling a stunning home is considered especially heinous. DUN DUN
We've got the answer, but first you'll have to grab a trusty beauty tool.
CORRECTION 5/8
Whether your mom prefers chats over tea in the kitchen or movie nights on the couch in the living room, I've rounded up a few of my favorite Mother's Day gift ideas for every room in the house that are sure to please.
** Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. This eclectic mix
Whether you rent or own, your mind's probably going towards the junk under the bed, cobwebs in the corner, how to get bikes or other recreational equipment ready for the sunny months.
We've all been there. After an exhausting day at work, a cramped subway ride home and the milk that you forgot to pick up
Suzanne Sharp, the founder and creative director of The Rug Company recently launched three new geometric rug designs. The rugs are handmade in Nepal using only the finest Tibetan wools.
A little bit of color goes a long way.
Before 9/11, I never thought of my apartment as anything other than the four walls that kept me sheltered.
When tragedy hits, these timeless quotes prompt us to remember the important things in life.
Even through times of darkness, it's important to see the light through the good in the world.
Who wouldn't want their Ford to shine as bright as their hair?
We're not so sure.
It's called a 'Drunkometer' -- enough said.
And why this designer said, \I don't think anyone can accuse me of being fashionable, or fashion-forward.\
From the rooftops of Brooklyn to the backyards of Seattle, recreational chicken ranching is increasingly popular in urban and suburban neighborhoods. At the rate this agrarian hobby is growing it's only a matter of time until you have a few hens of your own.
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Who needs Anthropologie? These fast, stylish projects won't set back your budget.
For more great ideas, be sure to look through Tara Heibel's Plant Of The Week slideshow below. Do you have a home story idea
Find out what this former water house from 1938 looks like now.
Nine ways to welcome guests without saying a word.
You can create a gorgeous outdoor space, no matter how much room you have.
Jonathan J. Miller, the president of the appraisal firm Miller Samuel, confirmed our beliefs in a recent New York Times piece
And in most states, they're available for only $250,000 \u2013 $370,000.
The earlier you do this, the more pleasure you'll get from your space.
This week brought the news that legendary radio personality Casey Kasem and his wife Jean Kasem were putting their Holmby Hills mansion on the market for a cool $42 million. Sure, it's pricey, but here are 40 reasons to buy it...
The popularity of the hit drama Mad Men has almost single handedly brought 1960s-style home interiors back en vogue. From furniture to wallpaper, the retro style of the mid-century modern era is suddenly all the rage.
So toss those tea lights, as we've selected seven spring candles to match your home decor style. Whether your dining table
You want to make sure that while you're protecting Mother Earth, you're still doing a good job at guarding yourself from
This is one IKEA hack we can't wait to try.
Craig Van Den Brulle is a well-known name in the design circles. He has a store in New York which sells pedigreed antique and vintage furniture and home accents.
Houzz shares a guide to help keep your project in budget.
April is probably the month we spend the least because we are holding off to see what we will be giving to Uncle Sam. But if you're in a spending mood this month, here's where you will find some of the best deals.
Most people assume summer is the ideal time to move -- kids are out of school, vacation time away from work is routine and the weather usually cooperates. But the realities are that scheduling a household move in spring actually makes much more sense.
The solution can be found in your fridge.
This checklist breaks down a handful of tasks to make this chore as painless as humanly possible.
Get ready to do a double take when you see this really wonky house.
Does your glimpse from home compete with these? Share your photos with us!
This teeny apartment is the epitome of efficiency, and, as such, there's no room for clutter. Likewise, the furnishings are
They'll be more useful this spring than you'd guess.
There's not a hint of Don Draper in this gorgeous space.
If your kid tends to get attached to his or her toys, there's probably a box full of old action figures or plastic dolls lying around somewhere. Put those toys to use without tossing them. Make a lamp! In about an hour, you can give your kid's favorite toys a new life while getting organized.
Organize Your Linen Closet 1950s Jiffy-Way Egg Scale \I snagged this cute little scale, which still works, for $65 on eBay
As you move from room to room, you'll discover how to affordably clean your home using all-natural, homemade cleaners; get
The interior designer Alexa Hampton takes time off from her busy schedule to talk about design legacies and being mistaken for a Park Avenue Princess when in fact she would rather have the moniker Queen of the Flush Mount attached to her name.
Hmm... we're beginning to see a new trend in design.
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Follow these spring cleaning tips to avoid major laundry room mishaps.
It's official, nearly all women love this particular actor.
Here's proof that stress-free \zen\ living doesn't always mean minimalism.
You'll be surprised at how others answered the question.
Because a messy workspace can easily become a source of stress and anxiety.
Our question
Fun fact
What else can be said when there's a giant heart-shaped pool in the picture?
If you don't have one of your own, crash your neighbor's.
These projects will refresh your front yard space...plus they're great excuses to enjoy the spring weather.
You write your most intimate thoughts inside, so why not personalize it?
Most home buyers settle for a house with a walk-in closet and a stainless steel fridge. However, a select few demand an estate worthy of kings and queens, refusing to seal the deal unless it includes multiple horses and castles.
Yet we can hear the faint sound of techno music coming through our computers.
Like, why we should always add live flowers to every space.
The area, near Lake Michigan, boasts family-owned businesses where one would imagine that the staff knows the customers by
Sometimes bigger really isn't better. That is certainly the case in this 540-square-foot home in Portland, OR that houses
In this unusual urban enclave, tiny living brings residents closer in more ways than one.
\Here, the material is the mechanism. So finally the material is doing the work for you,\ de Smet told the BBC, after comparing
Seriously, it costs more than a (decent) house. Does it come with Ryan Gosling as a bath attendant, or something?
Grass doesn't \drink\ the way you'd guess.
I know we all hate when our most frequently used sites change their looks on us! But, before you go getting your craft supply box all in a bunch, I'll give it to you short and sweet. It's not that different.
Click through our slideshow and enjoy small living at it's smallest. To honor the littlest places that we totally wish we
These pinners make us wish we lived in the '60s.
A few of our favorite locations
One swimming spot even has its own adjoining dance floor. Celebs are just not like the rest of us
We know, not everyone lives in New York City where apartments (and thus, walls) are the size of postage stamps, but still
Maybe it's time to get to that remodel you've been putting off for years.
The plans for the property include a 36-stall barn and a man-made pond. The neighbors aren't too happy about the enormous
Three of them are in the same state -- and it isn't California.
If you position the tees this way, you'll be able to fit more in a drawer and find them easily.
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Once you take a closer look at the photo, you'll see why the homeowner isn't in danger.
You'll no longer have to fumble for those little parts.
Because there is nothing worse than pulling on wet jeans.
March Madness comes but once a year, but a home with a basketball court provides hoops action all year long. We combed through our thousands of real estate listings from New York to Los Angeles and Miami to Portland to uncover the coolest courts on the market.
If your kitchen's design makes you feel like you should be grooving to the Village People, it's probably time for an upgrade. And there are plenty of ways to make your kitchen stylish again without calling a contractor and dipping into your savings.
Spring cleaning isn't as fun as jetting off to some sunny beach or, really, come to think of it, just about anything. But after a winter of the kids (not to mention the husband) trekking in all sorts of mud, sand and God-only-knows-what-else all over the house, it's a necessary evil.
I love doing craft projects with my children that we can also enjoy when we celebrate upcoming holidays and the coming of spring is no exception. Spring provides so many fun and different ways to get creative without using too much time and precious energy.
Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know and please take a minute to rate your favorite slides
When I attended the opening of Sculpture, Pleasing Curves, Charlie Kaplan's exhibit at PYO Gallery in Los Angeles, I realized the full intensity of my collaboration as an architect with this talented artist.
With extra shrubbery around the house--what, do they want privacy or something?
Such as
The surprising part is that it can somehow fit more than a single person inside.
Last week I saw a restaurant review on a local blog that touted \u201cThe New York Times says . . .\u201d and I thought, wait a minute
What's your taste in bouquets? Traditional and beautiful -- or creative and quirky? Whatever your inclinations, here's your chance to register your response to nine of the amazing floral designs on view at the M.H. de Young Memorial Museum in San Francisco last month.
Craigslist's furniture category has really just become an overpriced graveyard for Ikea furniture, where everything is \vintage.\ If you even think about selling, I'd like a word with you.
It's like something out of 'Portlandia.'
It's not just because they look pretty.
This gorgeous photo is making us impatient about our still-not-blooming gardens.
The important question they didn't ask could cost them big.
We're wondering what the neighbors think of it.
They're just too pretty not to be shown off to the world.
And you're left with all that stubborn grass.
Our question
It's not too late to get ready for the holiday.
What better way to enjoy the spring weather?
When the first YouTube of Ziggy using the toilet was placed online, people didn't believe that it was my cat. They thought
Starting with a picnic basket, and going from there.
Years after leaving this colorful home,  he brought reggae to the mainstream (and to that \laid back\ bar near you).
If you like it then you can put a monogram on it.
This easy solution will save your arms from an unwanted workout.
And the scrim of misty white that periodically screens our northern city-views during a snowfall, when transferred to a southern
These will help you through your toughest home projects.
House-hunting is fun for about the first week; after that, it's fraught with existential angst. Where will our new pizza joint be? What neighbors will we have, and what will they be like? What sort of days will fill our daily lives?
All gold everything.
Did you know bringing the outdoors in can help relieve tension?
And they'll save you a trip to the party store, too.
And we want one in time for summer.
When selecting sinks, you'll face an almost endless supply of styles, features and accessories. Some bathrooms even have
They're as fun to make as they are cute.
The five best sources for crafts, decorations and table ideas for your holiday.
If it's been a while (like never) you better get to it. Here's why.
We're wondering if even the toilet gets the gilded treatment.
The hot debate that will just make you want to douse everything in bleach and call it a day.
Death is a fact of life, but for many, it's a real estate dealbreaker.
Forget those inexpensive lawn chairs of the past with scratchy nylon seat cushions -- today's outdoor living is just as comfortable and livable as what's happening indoors.
The decor will blow you away.
Grab some supplies and get started.
Most of the products can be found in your kitchen.
If you've dreamt of skateboarding into a cartoonish orange and yellow house, this is for you.
A peek inside the superstar's golden home, in honor of her birthday today.
It involves a very common household item.
Whether your ritual hides eggs or matzo, the general reward for either is a large dose of chocolate in a variety of forms. While that is celebratory for children (and many adults), it is something potentially deadly to a dog.
Gorgeous babies not included.
It all began in Paris.
It's a spring cleaning must!
We're wondering who gets this place in the divorce.
In this nursery, a favorite comic strip comes to life -- almost.
These inexpensive and simple crafts will help you create a holiday no one will forget.
As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. Which item is your
$800, for instance.
With this new technology, the possibilities are endless.
You can combat the claustrophobia by scaling down to physically save space. (Pedestal sink, anyone?) And, with the right
Want a hit of playfulness without making over an entire room? Here are four DIY ideas for a gorgeous staircase. Read more
We can't think of a better way to spend the holiday!
Though the artist is unknown, the subject of this heirloom remains perfectly clear
As you move from room to room, you'll discover how to affordably clean your home using all-natural, homemade cleaners; get
With all those dinosaurs in view, let's just say we're happy that we're not this homeowner's neighbor.
The Colombian beauty has so much up her sleeve.
You can either build huge muscles...or repurpose an everyday household item to do the job for you.
Live in a golden castle surrounded by statues of creatures? Why not!
And did we mention how beautiful it is?
They add just the right pop of Easter colors.
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Our favorite
From fixing an annoyingly wobbly chair to a simply swap that'll brighten up your space in moments, these easy ideas will transform your place.
The kids will have a blast searching for this crafty sack.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Do you have a home
Be sure to submit your own photo!
Forbes ranked several cities across the world -- and one U.S. city made the list. Can you guess which one?
Get ready to be inspired.
There's something about her home that buyers just don't like...but we don't see it in these gorgeous photos.
But if you're not exactly into the idea of having two, another great way to save space in your bathroom is by repurposing
Pretty cool, huh?
And here we thought he lived in New Jersey, full-time.
** On this day in history, March 22nd 1933, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt signed a bill making it legal to purchase
Bring a touch of the Easter spirit into every room.
Residents have seen rockets, satellites and space shuttles right from their front door.
We had no idea...
An NFL star unloads a very luxurious home -- and we've got a peek inside the estate.
All of these photographs instantly surprised us.
We learned two things from this incident. One, garden decorations can be lifesavers. Two, Chris 'The Masterpiece' Masters is an awesome son.
This holiday, go beyond the typical pastels.
Dad always dreamed big, and this house was proof that he was a man with aspirations.
Each one is handmade, so it's like owning an individual work of art.
A stylish way to gather your winnings.
Take a peek inside a small retreat that has all the comforts of a bigger getaway.
Photos that show the crazier side of stairway design.
Turns out there's more to a 200 year old home than just history. Rare Beatles records, for starters.
Peek inside the kitchen of the rock icon -- and six other celebs.
Such as
** As of Monday, R&B Artist R. Kelly's mansion loss was J.P. Morgan Chase's gain, reported the Chicago Sun-Times. The singer's
Watch the video above to see HowCast's tricks and be sure to head over to Real Simple for full instructions. Don't forget
Even though it's not medieval, it still has a cool story.
If you're building a new home, you too could enjoy this very real perk.
We can't think of a more charming way to share some sweets.
Think twice before going up to the attic.
\Mansion squatting,\ as it's being coined on the internet, is a peculiar growing problem all over the country. Just this
Hint
Now you'll never want to leave in the morning.
For one proposed apartment building in Boston, the idea is under consideration.
You'll never want to go back to dyeing again.
Want to learn more about caring for a lemon tree? Watch the video above. And be sure to click through our slideshow to see
Yep, it really can.
I have spent the past 12 years helping clients let go of unnecessary items in their homes, offices and lives -- one area at a time. This post focuses on clutter busting inheritance and gifts.
\My great aunt passed down these corn-cob holders. I'd loved to know their age.\ -- A.W., Enid, Oklahoma All 12 of these
Somehow, it involves rubbing your face against fabrics. Seriously.
Maybe he needs the money.
Something tells us she didn't find her mover on Craigslist.
If yours is currently used as a storage unit instead of a parking space, you know what we're talking about.
And don't worry about making mistakes.
For 20 years, Bruce Lubin and his wife Jeanne have been collecting tips and hints to save time, money, and make everyday
Black and white is everywhere this season, from couture runways to sidewalk window displays. And since interiors always follow fashion, I predict we'll start to see black and white infiltrating homes and commercial spaces in upcoming seasons.
You'll be glad you started early.
And if you think the house looks beautiful, now wait until you see the interiors.
We're anxiously looking forward to the upcoming change of weather, when we'll be more inclined to relax and unwind outdoors
With the seasons beginning to change and Spring just around the corner, now is the perfect time to get a jump start on your
Go ahead, take another look.
When you want this chore done in a flash, start with your...freezer?
Additionally, a floral-patterned \crows nest\ sitting area allows one to look out on to Manhattan, while the many glass floors
If you remember the 90s cartoon 'Animaniacs,' you'll especially find this home appealing.
Whether it's a giant print of van Gogh's \Starry Night\ or a limited-edition map of Manhattan circa 1802, some of your most treasured wall decorations may not fit into a standard frame. No longer, we say! It's high time to proudly display your misfit art.
Cupcakes. Chicken pot pie. Pancakes. What do these delectable dishes have in common? Flour! Even if baking isn't your cup of tea, chances are there's a sack of flour sitting in your kitchen cabinet. Did you know that this baking staple can also shine stainless steel and loosen stubborn lids?
And you only need a few simple supplies.
And we think that's a good thing.
You know that moment when you pull into the garage and you go to open your car door and boom -- it slams against the wall
Plus, the one big decor mistake we've all made at least once.
As if this photo doesn't say enough.
Give these alternatives a try at home.
Small changes can make a big difference -- and won't take over your weekend.
We just can't take any more winter.
Hint
Well, it was started before \A New Hope\ even hit the theaters.
Tips that'll take the stress out of this often intimidating task.
If you see these words in a real estate or rental listing, run like the wind.
Admittedly, the owner did incorporate a few recycled materials. \The exposed beams \u2026 are non-load-bearing and came from a
We don't know about you, but we can't get enough of the 'Property Brothers.'
Whether you're using heavy-duty tape to help with a paint project around the house or you're using it to label and get organized
This site never ceases to amaze us.
Yeah, don't try this at home.
Sometimes this room can be the exact opposite of a restful sanctuary.
You'll thank us for this one.
It's not all about eye candy.
While most of the press lately about horses regards their meat ending up in IKEA's meatballs, horses have also recently been discovered in other, more pleasant places.
In 1902, a letter was delivered to Monsieur le Baron de Th\u00e9nard, at Place Saint-Sulpice in Paris. It was from a mechanic, demanding payment for the work he had done on the baron's yacht. In 2012, the letter was found in a wall.
We're sure that it would be a welcome respite from screaming teenage girls.
In early 1991, he made his debut in the WWE drawing on his real-life job as a licensed mortician in the role of urn-toting Paul Bearer who seconded the newly debuted living dead man the Undertaker.
Consumer Reports put the top brands to the test.
They just don't know how to stay out of trouble.
Besides the fact that Rachel can make any room more gorgeous.
Yeah, we think the obsession with this show is getting a bit...much.
Apparently it might be bad Feng Shui to have an office in a closet (because it might be blocking positive or creative energy). Tell that to someone who lives in a smallish (yet expensive) Manhattan apartment.
You'll agree when you see them.
There are a few fabulous-and surprisingly affordable moves you can make in your home that can easily transition it to spring. The key is to do one simple thing in every room.
It will no longer be a \black hole.\
For those who love classic Americana, there's nothing better than a 1950s-style diner. If you want to spare yourself the hassle of a DIY project, and you have some money to spend, these seven homes for sale come with their very own diner included. Happy Days indeed.
The tabloids started these weird rumors -- and they're making her see red.
GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know and please take a minute
No matter what, we think he'd design an awesome nursery.
What has changed -- and what hasn't -- will surprise you.
Not your everyday flower event.
But it's missing one major piece.
Alexandra Von Furstenberg has made waves in the design scene with her modern take on acrylic home decor and furniture. Her designs, often injected with a sliver of fluorescent color, are a fresh and contemporary take on a material that we've come to associate with the '70s.
For 20 years, Bruce Lubin and his wife Jeanne have been collecting tips and hints to save time, money, and make everyday
If you have $50 million to spare, that is.
As if Prince didn't surprise us enough.
What are they sealed with...superglue?
We're a little excited for the season, can you tell?
No sewing necessary.
Believe us, you'll want to try them all.
And other trends she's over.
Because you should be reaching for a bottle of wine, not cleaning products.
We just can't let them go yet.
I always felt that I lacked the vision to pluck some hidden treasure from a thrift store, Craigslist, or flea market and turn it into something amazing. Well, recently an opportunity arose that challenged me to do just that.
There's so much inspiration, we don't know what to do with ourselves.
How one housekeeper made his dream a reality.
** Now, for the most exciting news you'll hear all day
Sometimes it's better to live by yourself.
These tricks will save you time and money.
A lovely reminder that there's only a few more weeks of winter left.
She had an eye for men, jewelry...and luxurious decor.
The home is definitely not what you'd think it would be.
His philosophy is \go big, or go home.\
Becoming a self-made billionaire doesn't happen overnight.
This is a childhood dream come true.
PLEASE NOTE that Zuburbia does not endorse the use of fur, feathers, leather or animal skins in home decor. Any of these
And it has nothing to do with eating.
There's a surprise behind those seemingly endless stacks of towels.
Honestly, we wouldn't mind \chilling\ inside.
We're certainly glad these haven't 'landed' in our neighborhood.
We'll put our heads together to make suggestions for your trouble spots.
And you\u2019ll never believe the price one woman paid for it.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. For 20 years, Bruce
Stars really are like us!
The following list of top ten details to start with can work with any color scheme, mood and budget. They can also be kid-friendly while equally inviting to quality adult time. Browse your favorite stores and some new ones and search online as well.
Home buyers beware.
Click through our slideshow to see some of our cleaning and organizing tips. And be sure to head over to Family Handyman
Sir Winston Churchill once said, \... we shape our dwellings, and afterwards our dwellings shape us.\ Too often in my marriage
And we have to agree!
And some of them might not even cost you a penny.
And, get this
Find out how to keep your family safe.
This was his \mansion of glory.\
We just wish we could see the insides.
You'll be surprised by who's on the list.
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Dust off that old bottle and put this kitchen staple to work.
No trips to the party store necessary.
It looks like it just might be possible to get tired of fabulous weather.
These little omissions could come between you and your dream home.
Inspiration from an unlikely (though fabulous!) source.
Ideally, we'd love to see Aguilera hold an epic moving sale and offer the public some of these brightly-colored furnishings
Brace yourself, you may feel claustrophobic.
This superfan gets a million points for creativity.
What the what?
Two tools of the trade.
They're perfect if you're low on inspiration.
You can't get more unique than photos of the guest of honor.
A lot of us make this mistake!
Really, these are much better than our first apartments.
You know how uncomfortable it is to eat while a pile of dishes is staring you down?
No red carpet necessary!
In every way possible.
It's funny because it's true.
This puts our bunk bed to shame.
This...is...just...awesome.
Get 'em while they're hot.
** Click through our slideshow to see more cleaning and organizing tips. Head over to Real Simple for more new uses and check
You don't need any special supplies.
Everything's better in neon.
Hint
Guide To Paint Finishes To the contrary! You scored big on this fascinating mahogany case. Though the 12-inch-tall cabinet
The combination of cluelessness and budget restrictions can lead to hilariously bad situations.
Everyone has that one mug at work that they use for just about every beverage. And even though you love it, the truth is
We couldn\u2019t hold back our tears.
And you can expect to grow lots of them at a time.
They can be seriously handy if you just add one little thing.
Who said you had to leave home to travel?
Valentine's Day has come and gone, and we're guessing you have some flowers. While the memories may last forever, that bouquet of roses you have in a vase, sadly, will not. Once those petals begin to wilt, it's time to ditch the vase and get creative.
We bet you haven\u2019t seen seats like this before.
It's all about setting the mood.
They're perfect if you are in a design rut.
She also shares her great tips for living in a rental.
Let's just say that it would've been a crime to throw this rager, in this case.
What would you do if this arrived on your doorstep?
The evidence might be on a wall.
In case you didn't get the memo that it's Valentine's Day.
Our favorite reason? You won't have to spend a small fortune at the florist.
Germs aren't something you can avoid, but lessening the chance of tracking them into your home by following this little tip
If you watched Saturday morning cartoons, then the answer is 'yes.'
Or, you can make sure no one steals your favorite mug again.
Yes, we believe our KitchenAid loves us back.
It's sexy, simple and so unexpected. And that's just one of the cocktail recipes!
It's the thought that counts -- but who knows what these people were thinking.
Valentine's Day doesn't necessarily mean a table for two! The holiday can be even sweeter when toasting to the relationships that last us all year with a group of friends.
Because the pickings will definitely be slim at the store.
Nestled in the Studio City neighborhood, the 1940s ranch house is filled with flea market finds and decor that the couple
Many of us men liken Valentine's Day to an IRS audit -- you know you're going to lose something, you just hope to reach Feb. 15th relatively unscathed.
This could be the worst thing to see in a card...besides bad jokes and generic love poems.
Suddenly the terrycloth bathrobe I bought, though it was lovingly gift-wrapped by Amazon.com and shipped directly to you, doesn't measure up. Over the years, however, I have discovered a few projects that even craft-challenged people like me can execute.
** Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. We like this solution
Making an impact one chore at a time for a very deserving clientele.
In the words of Beyonce, \All the single ladies!\
Some rules were just meant to be broken -- like \No talking during General Hospital.\
And 28 other fabulous eBay finds.
Don't worry, these orchids will last.
They'll be reminded of you on their morning commute.
Photos become clutter when they sit unlooked at in piles, bags, boxes or on the hard-drive on your computer.
Knitting's not just for grandmas.
You don't have to be a winner to feel like one. (Though a hefty bank account will help!)
Click through our slideshow to see unique cleaning and organizing tricks for your home. Want to know the quickest way to
\I discovered this metal bus in my grandmother's attic. Can you tell me anything about it?\ - J.C., Voorheesville, New York
Is there any other kind of interview with Oprah?
It's sexier and sweeter.
Hint
This lovely decor costs absolutely nothing.
We can hear Barry White already.
These adorable ideas can be adapted for cupids big and small.
Social butterfly? 'Pretend' adult? Your dining room might just say it all.
Oh, you have a dirty mind.
Why didn't we think of this first?
Let's face it, this room is anything but an organized sanctuary.
This ain't no disco...it just looks like one.
This gift idea will remind them of your affection year-round.
** Click through our slideshow to see other unusual cleaning tips and head over to US & World News for more great winter
A refrigerator should not be cause of anxiety.
Take the pressure off the big day and throw your own chic party at home. What better way to spend Valentine's Day then to celebrate with all the people you love?
What to do for 15 minutes a week.
They'll never lose sight of their bags again.
Here's a hint
There is more than meets the eye.
Usually flour makes a mess of our kitchens -- but not this time.
It doesn't matter if you're single or spoken for. This is the one day of the year that if you're not in love, then you can certainly pamper and spoil yourself until you've met your perfect match.
Not that I'm not romantic, but I think Valentine's Day is a little cheesy. I mean, it is. But I believe in love. And shopping!
You can personalize it just for them
It's quite the lineup.
SCROLL DOWN FOR PHOTOS OF SALLAS' IMPRESSIVE WORKS Guided by Joan Sallas's hands, napkins transform into ornate structures
No, that's not a joke.
Size matters in this scenario.
** When the forecast calls for ice or snow, protect your car by placing two old bath towels across your windshield. When
Plus, the five surefire mood-killers that are probably in your room right now.
It's not the first time we've seen the idea, but this version did get us talking.
Just a daily dose of nostalgia.
When you've been together 10+ years and you've given all of the sweets, dinners, and cutesy gifts that you can stand, it's a challenge to come up with something creative. Well, I'm here to help.
Hint
PLEASE NOTE that Zuburbia does not endorse the use of fur, feathers, leather or animal skins in home decor. Any of these
Now it's the price tag that scares us.
In the world of pop-culture memorabilia it seems that some entertainers are supreme.
Happy Tuesday.
He designs with ice, ice, baby.
He\u2019s quite versatile.
And they're all from our favorite Etsy sellers.
These bath melts should do the trick.
DIY Projects What\u2019s It Worth
Hint
Tell your loved ones how you really feel.
And you can make it using stuff around the house!
And no, it doesn't involve eating chips.
These say more than just \welcome.\
All you'll need is a printer.
And it just hit the market.
It's actually a great idea.
Hint
Can you solve the mystery?
Coffee may be the cure for too much beer consumption, but reversely beer comes in handy for removing coffee stains. Just
In case your friends and family get a little messy.
It's time to make your 'Grey Gardens' dream come true.
It's enough to make you consider homeownership.
So now you can stock up on chips and beer.
Color us surprised.
This father will go into the \Dad Hall Of Fame.\
This place is smaller than the average kitchen.
It\u2019s a dirty job but someone has to do it.
And yes, this ceiling collapsed over an editor's bed... while she was in it.
He talks about being a good father, happiness and... doing the Hokey Pokey?
Send your love in style.
A perfect Valentine's Day treat.
It's just like Where's Waldo.
No baking required!
Here are just a few insider tips and tricks to ease the pain of moving. Moving doesn't have to be as bad as it seems, and hopefully these tips can help in your current and future moving endeavors.
This space can set the tone of your entire day.
Let's just say it has to do with one weekend of drinking.
Starting with this amazing 1940s Italian Tole chandelier.
Take color cues from the queen of comedy.
Who said robots can't be sweet?
For homebodies that hate to leave the house, but still want to hit the club.
And some will benefit your four-legged friend.
Our favorite journalist works hard, lives light.
A simple (and very pretty) way to make the air in your home cleaner.
It's almost like we're being trolled.
Hint
It\u2019s under one condition.
You may know how to disinfect -- but we're telling you the right way to go about this job.
Switch it up this year.
No solariums, greenhouses or even green thumbs needed.
Turns out that lamp is not just a light source, but a symbol of ourselves.
And you can visit it this weekend in upstate New York!
Just click and print for fabulous decorations.
These photos are keeping us warm throughout this weather.
Her cozy bedroom inspires us to get girly.
An inventive way to serve it up.
While I spend a great deal of my life focusing on the uber-fabulous and the aspirational, you can take your home -- or any space -- and make it more interesting for practically nothing.
Who knew there were rules for this?
When you spend so much time in a room, it should be relaxing.
It's cheap, easy and might actually inspire you to tackle that to-do list.
Subtle, muted cool tones, the charm of carved details, foreign language script on fabrics and the romance of a by-gone era -- all of these details express the charm of French-inspired decor.
We're almost tempted to pack our bags and move out West.
Sarah Ehlinger
It's kind of horrifying to see--but this could happen to you.
One of the most extraordinary homes in the United States goes on the market.
You might ditch fabric after reading this.
Lothl\u00f3rien coming to real life?
When was the last time you slept on a water bed?
Make grocery shopping more exciting.
In case you're eating in the recliner next to last week's socks.
We\u2019re very appreciative of this one.
They can help simplify a very tedious task.
Our well-being is dependent on how well we rest each night.
The easiest technique to master.
While most young professionals barely have time to be at home, let alone decorate their space, there is a value to creating a cozy and comfortable casa that is all your own even if you're renting yours.
Take a closer look!
Recycle your classics.
This is one cleaning tip we've never heard before.
A top blogger tells us why you have more room than you think.
Her exercise regimen leaves us speechless too.
We\u2019d never want to get up.
The value is nothing to sneeze at.
You'll never confuse it for your friend's again.
We clicked through our favorite Etsy shops to show our pride.
The story behind the inaugural gifts.
We need all the help we can get with this weather.
The perfect craft to do at home.
So long as it's the right one.
The surprising place your dirt tends to lurk...
Unique ways to say \u201cwelcome.\
Do you agree with this list?
Believe us, they could have lots to say.
You've got to be kidding us, it's a horse-shaped lamp.
Hint
It only cost $31,500.
It'll make a party festive anytime, year-round.
It's all in the mix.
And it has nothing to do with your feet.
Get ready to see the \after.\
Whoa.
Among other strange roommates.
Go ahead and take a stab at it.
And it's so fun to make!
And it only took her 1,000 hours to complete it.
Here's what those hazard symbols on your cleaning products really mean.
For us, the answer is usually \whenever it gets in the way.\
What would you do if this was your package?
And no, it's not only for shoes.
Hef's former girlfriend is having her own little housing crisis.
Guess how many weeks--and stitches--this took her.
Fun fact
Marie Antoinette would love this.
And it's so affordable!
Have we left anyone out?
We\u2019d never think of this.
Now we know he is perfect.
Can\u2019t beat that price.
It's a symbol of new beginnings.
Well, this is one way to wrap it up for next year!
And no, it\u2019s not Willy Wonka\u2019s.
We\u2019re not sure about this one.
Repurposing at its finest.
It's not what we would've imagined.
It's even dirtier than your bathroom.
He's after our own hearts.
And 5 other weekend DIY ideas.
Get it?
How are they not annoyed by this?
Just like you!
Sometimes they're more of a hassle than they're worth.
Click through and enjoy!
Yuck.
Bye, bye, bye
Tossing your stuff sucks.
WTF?
Hint
Decorate cards, gift wrap and more!
...and it's okay!
The \table\ just didn't look good on Jslow. Its awkwardly elevated height, cutting her off just below the boobs, produced a matronly, dowdy, squat silhouette
It's not just for your pearly whites.
Architecture can be pretty powerful.
What a steal!
Well they are fans of the Chicago Bears.
And, reminisce on your childhood.
Billy would be proud.
You'll be happy you did it.
Ah, the gems we find on Craigslist.
There are no \butts\ about it.
Boy, was it crazy.
Yikes!
Because of the nature of activity taking place within the living room, its design should combine a feeling of home and intimacy with an ability to be functional and presentable.
Seriously?
There's nothing like a good vintage find.
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
A look inside Graceland to celebrate The King\u2019s birthday.
Um...
This Italian architect gives us the scoop.
All you need is a common household item.
We could all use a few of these.
** As if we weren't already jealous of the glamorous lives of the ladies of Bravo's \The Real Housewives of Atlanta,\ this
A show you won't want to miss.
Good to know!
Say hello to emerald green... the hue that will forever remind us of 2013. Whether you prefer to incorporate this jewel tone in your wardrobe or throughout your home d\u00e9cor, there are numerous products to help us do just that.
Yikes!
It might not be worth what you expect.
New year, new home, in just a few easy steps.
Could you live like this?
These babies will last you for a very long time.
You'll be happy you have one.
We wish we thought of it ourselves!
And other design ideas for 2013.
Speechless.
Oh, LiLo.
We wouldn't mind spending a week here.
It's possible to live as fine as the Crawleys.
These DIYs will help keep your abode in tip-top shape this winter.
It sure is beautiful.
You can do more with them than you think.
What a lucky lady.
That's totally our resolution this year.
We love our vacuums, but we hate emptying its bin.
We bet you haven't thought of these before.
Sit back and enjoy.
You\u2019re welcome.
Making it is just as easy as enjoying it.
After you snack on a few, of course.
Let's just say there's much to reflect upon.
We wish we could!
We knew they were hiding something.
Our dreams are finally coming true!
Most of us start off the new year with that \new year/new you\ enthusiasm and nothing deflates it more than if you fail. I found a few apps that can help you stay the course with your resolutions -- and best of all, they're free!
You'll barely even recognize it!
How genius is this?
It seems LiLo needs all the help she can get.
We have to admit, we were surprised.
You can still celebrate the season!
Yikes!
Find out how you can save big, now.
Oh Craigslist, we will never understand you.
We couldn't!
There's nothing like good, quick cleaning!
And you don't even to need to leave your sofa.
It blooms throughout the season.
Do you ever look around your home, and feel suffocated by all your stuff? If so, the new year is a perfect time for a fresh start.
Because it could always use some extra sparkle.
2013 is a fresh start.
Which is your favorite?
And some adults.
The festivities are about to begin!
Well, this is a surprising tip.
This doesn\u2019t sound right to us.
So awesome!
For those who've put off home improvement projects like a kitchen remodel because of the recession, key economic indicators are saying the time is right to start them.
Bring in the new year right.
Ah, the internet is a wonderful thing!
We could never do it!
Take a peek.
These tips will save you a ton of money.
You have the bubbly and confetti, so what's missing?
Her \stockpile\ room is quite, um, impressive.
We had never heard this one before!
We can think of several perks that would come with having stars next door.
Emotionally, spiritually and, yes, physically.
Learn how to make your own!
We bet you didn't even know they were collectibles.
Pass them out to all of your guests for some festive fun!
We love getting a sneak peek inside.
Ugh, that's the worst.
We would never have guessed they're on Pinterest.
How a product designer magically multiplies its size.
Talk about growing pains!
And you can even repurpose your Christmas decorations!
But it was totally worth every minute.
Because the celebration isn't complete without some noise.
You can \school\ all of your neighbors with these diggs.
Those little guys are hard to pick up!
Unfortunately we can't leave the decorations up forever.
And 5 other totally strange things you can buy online.
We've compiled our best buying guides of 2012.
#ShowUsYourLights.
Since there's not much time to spare today.
And without wasting a ton of your time.
And this \Market Warrior\ can help you find out.
Trust us.
Did you run of out of wrapping paper? Try this.
You can never have too much counter space.
Everyone on your list will appreciate these.
Replacing my bathroom products with non-toxic or DIY alternatives was not very difficult or expensive, and they all worked great. But it made me wonder why more guys don't pay greater attention to the chemicals they are putting in their bodies through their personal care products.
Just another reason why we love her...
It\u2019s actually pretty amazing.
Thank goodness for technology.
But don\u2019t stress it!
You\u2019re welcome.
12.\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0 Disputes
We won\u2019t waste our money anymore.
Seriously.
Oddly enough, it involves an orange.
Do you believe in signs?
Whether you're crashing at your friend's house for one night, or staying with relatives over a long holiday weekend, there are some things to remember as an overnight visitor.
For me, tree-trimming is an occasion for some over-the-top fun. Whatever the tradition means for you, here are some tips to make your tree a beautiful and stylish centerpiece for holiday celebrations.
They say idle hands are the devil's workshop...
Any frequent hostess you know will go crazy for it.
Having a bartender allowed the host to mingle with neighbors and not leave guests asking \where's the ice?\ His bar was also stocked with every type of top-shelf liquor, which is the way to go, even if it costs you a few extra bucks.
We think we know why.
Another reason why we love our beauty products!
Why else would Romy and Michelle lie about inventing them?
Whatever you do, don't spend big bucks on gift wrapping over the holidays. I promise that you don't need to. In fact, you can have more fun and make a more lasting impression on friends and family by creating packaging from trash.
Plus, it's much more personal than any designer brand.
The stress of preparing for and hosting holiday parties takes away from some of the enjoyment.
Although we are partial to its original purpose...
Artist Omar Sherzad learned about woodworking from his father. When he opened a workshop/gallery in Barcelona, he wanted his own children to learn from his work as well. So he installed beds in the walls.
Will she be the next Martha Stewart?
And other amazing eBay finds.
Say bye-bye fruitcake and hello cool, creative and festive this holiday. These hostess gifts are sure to kick off some party conversation and keep you on the VIP guest list for the rest of the year.
Does this, um, remind you of something?
Etiquette, very simply, is about being polite in social situations. But when a society changes rapidly, sometimes the rules for politeness are ignored.
Students and alumni alike will be big fans of this gift.
The little details can make a big difference.
Trust us, you\u2019re going to want to keep them after reading this.
How to manage it all and still enjoy \the reason for the season.\
And no, it\u2019s not because it will keep the dog entertained.
We couldn\u2019t tell at first!
How to find out if it's the real deal.
And keep your mother-in-law out of your hair.
This DIY gift only LOOKS professional.
A little checklist to help you prepare for the busy weeks ahead.
This might be almost NSFW thanks to \pornaments.\
Because someone has to draw the line somewhere.
What are you waiting for?
It\u2019s definitely not what you think it is.
We wish we thought of this!
We'd do anything to stay out of that place, honestly.
It seemed like a good idea at the time.
Due to the \great recession\ we have become increasingly more time crunched and more thoughtful about over-spending. It only makes sense that with these changes in our lives we have also seen a change in our philosophy toward re-gifting.
Just another reason to love these yummy candies.
And 6 other ways to make your home sparkling by Christmas.
Once as simple as a basketball hoop in a barn or a batting cage in the backyard, home athletic facilities are increasingly high-end home features.
The music in the video\u2019s not to shabby either.
A wall Luke Skywalker would love.
Definitely do not try these alone.
The origins of this decoration kind of surprised us. Wish we thought of it!
Looks like someone has a bit too much holiday spirit.
There's nothing that will be re-gifted here.
But it\u2019s just as cool.
Yeah, we don't need to take yet another trip to the store, either.
The holiday season isn't traditionally a popular time to shop for houses, but it can be a great time to find a home, especially if you don't like shopping in a crowd.
You\u2019ll be surprised at what you can do.
'Tis the season for a little sibling rivalry.
Because it's not like we actually use them for music anymore...
Not to mention cute.
Thanks to local NYC designers.
These printables are stylish AND free.
Chances are you have opened a bottle of wine this season (or four).
Because it\u2019s getting cold out there.
This could be your new go-to trick.
What greater gift is there than a memory of a time with the ones you love? This is how I came to create this holiday entertainment guide. Also, since I love singing holiday songs I've themed this guide around holiday sing-alongs!
Prepare to be amazed... and jealous.
For when your boss tells you to throw the office holiday party... by lunchtime!
Time to finally get rid of that Furby.
Holiday decorating can be both fun and affordable!
Pretty surprising.
When a gift arrives in a beautifully hand-wrapped package it's a bit more special.
We have one question
Everything you\u2019ll need to be the ultimate hostess.
It's almost crunch time!
More trouble for this actress.
Such a clever idea!
They are becoming more and more popular.
A few small projects can make big changes.
How cute are these?
Having hosted a fete or two here, you quickly learn that it's all about the approach and execution. If you're playing host this holiday season, fear not. You can look like a pro in the process.
So beautiful.
No more scrubbing.
Improve your home over the next few days.
An accessory every home needs.
While I am known for many things, do-it-yourself projects are not my expertise. That is exactly why it is important to have good friends like Carter Oosterhouse, as he is that go-to guy that everyone needs in the name of all things design.
This charging station doubles as decor.
Figuring out where to put everyone can be a buzz kill.
Our expert explains the legend.
She\u2019s not the only one...
Which castle will the couple pick?
He'll spend the whole day at the office thinking of you.
Add a homemade touch to your tree.
Check out these outrageous designs.
It could save your favorite vase.
So strange...
** To make things a little easier for you, we've compiled a list of holiday store hours for Target, Walmart, Costco and other
In case you were curious.
This coin purse has a lot of people upset.
Fill these crocheted pouches with chocolate coins.
I am in the right job -- CEO of a catering company. But that does not preclude my curiosity on the subject of holiday parties and frustration with the question some people seem to be asking, \Is it appropriate to have a holiday party?
Create a warm, welcoming atmosphere for all to enjoy.
Grab 'em!
So inspiring.
Don't throw them away!
A perfect way to enjoy hot cocoa.
Frank Lloyd Wright controversy included with purchase.
Oh, no...
Change up the shape for a unique look.
Who knew?
Call it hors d'oeuvres, aperitivos or appetizers; it's so easy you don't even have to cook. It's all about delicious ingredients and a great presentation. On a cutting board.
Everyone has their holiday pet peeves.
A pretty penny!
These ice cream treats hold all the important things.
It's definitely on our go-to list during the holidays.
How pretty!
Try this nifty trick.
Our feed has been filled with beautiful photos.
So bright and colorful!
It became a place where her family and friends could be reminded of her spirit.
Your guests will be psyched to take these home.
These would be perfect for an entertainer.
Make the most of the next couple of days.
Everything you wanted to know!
It's filled with cool one-of-a-kind goods.
You can host AND enjoy yourself too.
They can be tricky to purchase.
The next time you go to a party you'll know exactly what to bring.
It\u2019s not gross...we promise!
An inside look at Bob Richter's treasures.
A Reddit user shared this amazing DIY.
Because who doesn't love free stuff?
How pretty!
Perfect for your own special tree
What would we do without Pinterest?
This trend is taking over.
Have you ever wished your home looked like a movie?
This is a stylish AND useful present.
All it takes is some extra yarn.
The first rule of thumb is to find something to collect that makes you happy.
Miles Redd is a decorator with a knack for the glamorous and the unexpected, and he's not one to shy away from applying lacquer on a whole room or mixing periods, styles and patterns.
Architect Terri Chiao knew she couldn't afford the rent on a 750-square-foot Brooklyn loft without a roommate, but she didn't want to divide it up with walls. Instead, she built a cabin and a treehouse inside the space to be used as private living quarters.
The tiny furniture is just so adorable and retro.
This trend is popping up in surprising new places.
They're not just for wearing!
These napkins are a breeze to make
Moving is not easy.
A great gift for the writer on your list.
They can relax you.
Protect yourself and your electronics.
With the holiday season in full swing, it's important not to forget our nearest and dearest who will be entertaining all winter long.
It's not gross...at all!
A simple holiday craft.
Pretty and practical
Let's make the holidays stress-free.
Another day, another beautiful home.
Would you try a hue called \Grandma's Refrigerator?\
Hang out, sleep or even cook inside.
We've got you covered!
Some post-Thanksgiving projects to tackle.
And it's so easy and inexpensive!
And not just physically!
Hint
These fun dolls will keep them playing for hours.
Help them go green and stay stylish.
We were bombarded with more stunning design and ridiculous one-liners.
It\u2019s almost time.
Use family heirlooms or start your own collection from scratch.
These accounts are hot!
Just be sure not to eat it afterwards!
It\u2019s easier than you think.
It\u2019s a task we all must do from time to time.
If you hit it right, you can have an astronomical increase in value.
Got your receipt?
Grab 'em!
Such a unique e-reader case!
Choose your favorite fabrics and get sewing!
Don\u2019t stress! With this tip it\u2019s an easy clean up.
Yikes!
From the main course to sides and dessert, Thanksgiving comes to us, year after year, prepackaged and prescribed. I think tradition is great, and obviously a big part of what makes the holidays special. But tradition doesn't have to mean ignoring one's own sense of style and taste.
Relax and have fun at the same time.
Take advantage of deep discounts and special offers from retailers.
Opt for DIY instead of store-bought this holiday season.
Hearing that folks were going out to the popular chain stores to buy their own generator sounded a little too blas\uffc3\uffa9 for me, so I decided to research generators.
Try this trick before the holidays.
With such a beautiful plant, we welcome the snow.
Because talented gardeners deserve some recognition!
Halloween may be over, but they're still useful.
A great way to welcome guests to your home.
We're always looking for what's hot on Pinterest. Every week we bring you the best accounts to follow (want to be in the
Your centerpiece is (almost) as important as the meal itself.
Would you?
These cute little gobblers dress up your napkins.
First, throw out all your expectations.
How cool is this?
A-mazing.
Some retailers will be ready for shoppers on Thanksgiving night!
They'd showcase our shoes and clothes beautifully.
There's an easy fix for that.
Because all that delicious food can be messy!
A unique tip for your... shower curtain?
Perfect for all of your entertaining needs.
Tired of the stress, clutter, and credit card bills that come with holiday consumerism? Instead of exchanging presents, try something different. You'll both have one less gift to worry about and will save time, money and the planet's resources.
Martha Stewart praises her. Nora Ephron collected her. I can too, especially if I poke around her $150 and under work.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Some highlights from
Where does all of this creative genius come from?
Good to know.
On the Lowe's website, the seconds are ticking away until the store's Black Friday deals begin, which is officially on November
Just click and print!
Grab 'em.
Try this helpful tip.
There are just some things you'd prefer to keep to yourself.
The precious minutes of each day seem to fly by.
These little bears are so adorable!
It can be so easy to create an amazing space at home. It doesn't matter if you live in the smallest of towns or a major metropolitan city -- today you can shop online from anywhere and have the same cool home style as anyone.
We know we are.
A great resource for any bathroom renovation you're planning!
You can actually visit.
Hint
What are your goods worth?
Did you watch?
Never thought that would happen.
Make sure you don't pay far too high a price.
Give it a fresh, new look.
A benefit of tiny house living, is that they can finally do work what they enjoy.
Get to it!
Try these instead of store-bought products.
Lady Gaga\u2019s not the only one.
What an unusual use for a rubber eraser.
How cute?
Ideas for pint-sized scarves, mittens, hats and more.
A must-try trick.
Great as an art medium, produce saver and more!
Where he lived during his Columbia days.
...we think.
Free of chlorine, sulfates, parabens and other nasties.
Monica Potvin and Markel Otaola bought the 323-square-foot apartment in Barcelona's Gothic Quarter during their child-free years, when location was more important than space.
We were overloaded with inspiration.
You can learn a lot about relationships from the homes that people share.
Get involved!
Make these fun, neon magnets.
There's only a fine line separating us from the 1920s, and that's our power grid.
Well, this is unusual.
He's displayed his quirkiness again with some very, um, unique art.
Since we're all guilty of keeping them around the house.
Hurricane Sandy brought some unlikely DIY opportunities.
It's time to start thinking about sweet potato casserole, turkey and pumpkin pie!
Your refrigerator is one of the top energy-using devices in your home, so keeping this large appliance running efficiently can help you reduce your energy bills and save you some cash!
From vertical shelves and hanging baskets to using under-the-bed storage for dirty clothes, About.com's laundry expert's got a solution for virtually every size and shape place you might be living in.
We are asking our readers to \Sew For Sandy\ and put their crafty skills to the test.
It may help you out during holiday parties.
As recent transplants to Toronto from Washington, DC, where we lived just a few miles from the White House, I felt it was my civic duty to host an election night party for my expat friends.
Very unusual.
Grab 'em.
This writer did it, and so can you.
Yes, this is real.
Pumpkins aren't just great Halloween decor
Read this before throwing them away.
Without power or heat, we jumped at the chance to sleep on their sofa.
Digital lifestyle blogger Dave Delaney from Davemadethat.com shows us the innovative tech gadgets he uses to help him accomplish
Watch as professional lifestyle blogger Stacey Platt from Dwell Well shares surprising tips to add convenience and help save
Professional lifestyle blogger Stacey Platt from Dwell Well offers suggestions to help keep laundry smelling and feeling
Warm your home with these.
According to The Boot, Lambert will be opening her store, Pink Pistol, in Tishomingo, Oklahoma. Lambert said the store will
Staircases that are so cool they make us a little sick.
Because those fallen trees won't pick up themselves.
HuffPost Home is organizing a #BlanketsForSandy initiative.
It\u2019s unbelievable.
Wait...really?
Have you tried this trick?
Check out the video above as professional lifestyle blogger Stacey Platt from Dwell Well shares tips and tricks that will
There are two very easy ways to do this.
This curved home was built right into the side of a hill.
Each can be done in two days or less!
This is one of few companies that are producing goods right here in the USA.
Holiday travel is upon us.
Don\u2019t let the cold weather stop you from freshness.
The demands of life can be overwhelming at times.
What a cool craft.
Yeah, we didn't think it was possible either.
We are intrigued by the concept.
Recently one of my best friends decided to put her home on the market, and the first thing she did to get ready was improve her home's curb appeal.
Recently I spoke to someone who had battled mental depression and had turned to gardening as a means of therapy, she told
Thanks to our readers, we now have a ton of new ideas that could actually do the trick.
An unusual but very help tip!
Unbelievable.
And protect it at the same time.
Just because Halloween has passed doesn't mean we'll be on Pinterest any less.
The best part? They're all calorie-free.
What will they think of next?
I set an egg timer to see how much I could accomplish. And I was pleasantly surprised.
Some last-minute Halloween prep!
Until next year.
You can do without it.
Perfect for the whole season.
Grab 'em while you can.
This could solve a lot of problems!
It's crunch time.
Halloween is almost here, and many of us haven't decorated much. Here are nine items that add just a touch of Halloween flavor, and won't blow the weekend budget or take several hours to make.
Here\u2019s a hint
Awesome or creepy?
Resting on your shelves are five multi-tasking beauty products that can upkeep your home.
Make your home the scariest on the block.
What a crazy trick!
In Nathan Turner's new book, he gives ideas on how to achieve his aesthetic and also dispenses advice on entertaining, a skill he prides himself on.
Vinyl records haven't gone extinct, and there is good reason behind that.
Let them have a way with words.
It\u2019s almost time.
Suleman shows off the five bedroom and three bath house for fifteen.
Did you get anything done before Sandy?
Having stains on your glasses sure is one way to ruin a party.
Take advantage of the last weekend before the big night to make this.
Get your bulbs ready.
Okay, this is pretty interesting.
Not just for carving!
To live completely mortgage-free, they built their own tiny home.
One of my favorite projects for Halloween is crafting a table full of miniature paper baskets.
Added to the list of companies that are becoming decor-obsessed.
We're pretty sure these are fads that aren't here to stay.
From serving trays to bookends, Jonathan Adler is one of my favorite places to shop for home decor.
In need of a nightstand, and not wanting to spend any more money or add to the waste, industrial designer Adrian Candela turned old IKEA boxes into new furniture.
Even the most dreaded ones.
We're busy looking for ways to make our home more cozy and comfortable.
Kids today really don\u2019t know how lucky they are.
There are plenty of reasons to consider using plywood for your next DIY project.
For this project, use spray paint dedicated to glass surfaces. Finish and Color
Super cute and super easy.
Your guests will love sipping from these festive glasses.
Between work-life and home-life, the obligations seems to just constantly build up.
We see a lot of small space problems... and come up with even more solutions.
I love Halloween. I know how strange that must sound coming from a man who's made his livelihood off selling Christmas music, but it's the truth.
If you have a fear of heights, this may be the perfect product for you. Schwartz came up with this idea after seeing his
Want to add some fab eco-friendly style to your home?
Who knew Halloween crafts could be so charming?
Sculpt and carve your pumpkins like a pro.
It can actually be useful in your home.
If you thought you had the coolest house, we\u2019re about to school you.
The live/work trend is steadily on the rise and I am personally very intrigued about how this will influence and change our homes. But I also find it fascinating how it relates to the bigger picture of society, what it means, where it comes from and where it's taking us.
Survey says that one out of three people would!
DIY ways to rid your home of ghosts (or just some annoying noises).
Let us know by taking our poll!
If you think about it, events are the original interactive \application.\ They're where people come together to experience an organization beyond the fundraising letter, to connect with like-minded individuals, to see a mission statement in action.
Why should spiders get to have all the fun?
If you want to thwart these musty house guests from sticking around, keep your home dry. Mold loves warm, humid areas, like bathrooms or a damp basement. To stop mold from forming, try these tips.
We just didn't think it was possible.
The price will surprise you.
The term \fall decor\ really gets on my nerves.
Find out what worked and what just made a mess.
Her secret? She isn't afraid to get rid of the things she doesn't use.
Looking for the perfect table setting for all of your Halloween entertaining?
As much as we love Halloween, the thought of buying a costume puts a damper on the holiday.
If you find yourself browsing Pinterest for hours, you're not alone.
Video shows amazing transformation.
We're all guilty of getting sucked into the black hole.
A gentle way to clean.
Recently, there seems to be more attention being paid to one item that is being stockpiled.
Do you have an attic full of old junk you've been meaning to get rid of?
Warning
When it comes to maintaining a home, one\u2019s work is never done. Whether it\u2019s a simple bathroom or kitchen remodeling, a backyard
No, we're not kidding.
We all have them!
Use this stitching method to make awesome Halloween wall art.
We've stumbled upon a lot of unusual items for sale but this one really made us stop in our tracks
We basically store our lives in our handbags.
Real pumpkins only last so long.
Grab 'em
We bet you're busy getting ready for some spook-tacular celebrations.
You can use rice for a whole bunch of household tasks. Here are our favorites.
This is the perfect time of year to let your boss or bosses know how much you appreciate their leadership and your position at the company.
\u201cWelcome, foolish mortals, to the Haunted Mansion. I am your host \u2013 your \u2018ghost host.\u2019\
Home decor enthusiasts are replacing the perfect body with the perfect lampshade.
More single homebuyers are entering the real estate market than ever before.
Before they worked their magic, this was a raw and industrial blank canvas.
Get ready to be surprised!
A money saving secret for cleaning!
We know that Halloween is still two weeks away, but we can't wait any longer.
It has us wanting to do some DIYing to cozy up our homes.
Today, you can bring in everything from the smell of fresh cut grass to lime and sea salt into any space through common things like vacuuming a room at home or cleaning off your desk at work.
These eerie enlargers cleverly subvert reality--and require mere minutes to make.
I love buying furniture and accessories online, as the choices are endless! There are things to keep in mind when purchasing furniture online.
Pretty surprising.
Click, print, decorate.
It\u2019s always a bummer when your favorite DVD \u201cskips,\u201d right?
I'm not sure that I have the strength to kick this napkin habit.
I felt like Alice and the Queen of Hearts might have been on the other side!
Try this vintage-inspired upcycling project.
This craft's so cute, it\u2019s clear to see why it\u2019s a fan favorite on Pinterest.
This weekend, take some time to put your feet up, but also accomplish a few things.
For its 90th birthday, the sign is getting a totally fabulous, celebrity-approved gift.
Life is good for these dogs.
Pretty cool
Not just for kids!
We've been scouring Pinterest for Halloween DIYs, but we may have gotten a little sidetracked.
Can you guess what else it can shine?
Yikes!
Suzi West proves that a tiny home can still look and feel amazing.
You'd think I'd be tired of doing things myself.
Artist Brian Tolle takes our most significant \memories\ of a collection of past presidents, distills them and incorporates them into an eclectic, irreverent, smart, and funny collection of \busts\ of our \fearless leaders.\
All it takes is one careless status update.
We bet you can't even remember the last time you used a floppy disk.
An eclectic display of frames can be incorporated in just about any room.
Can you imagine what this means for home product fanatics?
Now that the cooler weather is here, we\u2019ll be using our ovens more and more.
We\u2019re constantly scouring the real estate market to find great homes.
Going home at the end of the workday is so relieving, especially when it took 2 hours to get there.
We woke up to an email from the website this morning.
Trying to explain why I love my neighborhood is no easy task.
Having trouble finding linens that match perfectly with the rest of your kitchen?
Want to add some fab eco-friendly style to your home?
Have you seen these?
An easy way to get rid of creepy dust-collectors without straining yourself.
We recently learned MTV reality star Vinny Guadagino just bought a house on Staten Island.
I've somehow accumulated way too many golf balls over the years and I know I'm not the only one.
Our guest blogger Nate Berkus has a lot going on these days.
Barry took time out to talk about making her mark in the design industry.
There\u2019s nothing like stepping in a wad of chewing gum to ruin a nice walk around the neighborhood.
We eat many suppers off of our coffee table while we have a full dining room just a few yards away.
This COTD will be your new favorite travel accessory.
Let us give you a hint
A simple wood bench with a few pretty details will bring character and charm to any space.
She knew exactly where to turn for decor that was safe and beautiful.
Fall is officially here.
Bet you've never seen a pumpkin quite like this one before.
Although I always mourn the loss of warm weather, there is something comforting about cozying up in front of a fire or in bed with a new book.
Say it ain\u2019t so!
Before you know it, one of our favorite holidays will be here.
It's no surprise that we've found yet another creative way to use mason jars.
Giving your kitchen a fresh new look doesn't have to cost you thousands of dollars.
He stole our hearts as a host of \u201cQueer Eye For The Straight Guy.\u201d
Eggs are a key ingredient in so many recipes that it's inevitable you'll end up dropping one.
Ideas to help get your home ready for the fall.
For those of you who weren\u2019t fortunate enough to have a secret refuge, we\u2019ve got your back.
Ironing is meant to improve your clothes, not get them dirty right before you're ready to wear them.
If you have some new uses, please share...no spuds about it!
Follow your DIY dreams and add an eclectic inspiring touch to any room.
This could mean big things for wildfire-prone areas.
After you follow our boards (hint hint), make sure to click on these accounts too!
Click through our slideshow to see how much bang you can get for your buck.
Hey, here's a way to subtract a step between you and the beer.
Doorknobs might not be the most exciting part of home decor, but they're impossible to ignore.
We're always up for a good DIY project. And we love ones that don't need many tools.
Three years ago, this family left their 4-bedroom home to move into a 320-square-foot prefab. Yikes!
We\u2019ve known a little secret we couldn\u2019t share... and now we\u2019re thrilled to finally tell you.
Our minds are blown.
If you've been looking for a creative way to store your craft materials, look no further.
Because sometimes you forget about that take-out from last week.
A famous frog once crooned
They completely cover old furniture and accessories in a cool grey matte finish? We're intrigued.
Want to add some fab eco-friendly style to your home?
Make a personalized clay plate that will (hopefully) help you keep track of your keys.
Cleaning and dusting underneath your refrigerator can be a very difficult task.
Do you ever have those days when you just want to crawl into bed and sleep for hours? Yeah us, too.
We were always told to eat our vegetables, but never to sit on them.
Welcome to the new HuffPost Home. We'll bring you inspiring decor, DIY ideas, as well as features on design. For all you practical-minded readers, we've got you covered with cleaning and organizing tips. No matter what your interest, you'll have the tools to make your home happier.
3. 2Xist t-shirts -- notorious for incredible materials and fit One of TV's most famous chefs has a new show, 'Now Eat This
We are thrilled to be launching HuffPost Home on Monday October 1st. Stay tuned for daily features including fantastic crafts
Today will officially start the anticipation of Halloween.
Many times, women and men who looked at the same colors called them something different.
Saving money starts at home, and the tips in this section will give you simple ways to make your money go further both inside
Photo by Karen from The Art of Doing Stuff Fall is the perfect season to be outdoors -- no oppressive summer heat and no
Companies now offer a large variety of low and non-VOC paints to help keep your home beautiful.
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter and Facebook. It takes true creativity and a strong
Outdoors, the one-third acre lot boasts a pool, spa, fire pit, outdoor dining area and \serene ocean views,\ according to
There was only three weeks until my sister's wedding when my mother calls to tell me she's trying to figure out how to turn
A creative and well built LEGO structure is a beautiful thing. We've been design geeks since childhood and were all pretty
Coffee can cause unsightly stains in your electric maker. And If you want to keep your percolator looking as good as new
We all like to do our part to help protect the environment.
Another week has gone by, which means it's time for another roundup of weird Craigslist ads. Again, we're continuously surprised
We wanted to see just what kind of properties we could get in America for a banging $500,000.
Since adults spend eight hours a day staring at a computer screen why not take the time to save?
Whether you bought your home appliance at a local outlet or a big-box retailer, chances are you purchased it with the intent it would last a long time.
\We spend so much time at work, in front of a screen or in transit,\ says a spokesman for Studio KG. \Why not create something
And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. These pouches are a great way to
For more great uses for everyday items, check out our previous installments of \5 Uses For...\ in our slideshow below! DIY
Huston had initially listed the compound for $18 million, two years after her husband passed away. Photos by Stephen Walter
A toaster is one place in your home where crumbs just seem to constantly build up. It\u2019s also one of the hardest appliances
As much as I am here to tell you what the best gifts are, how to give great gifts and what the rules are for giving well... I'm also here to get you thinking and talking about your own gift giving experiences.
If your piano or keyboard keys are looking a little dirty from one too many renditions of Beethoven\u2019s Moolight Sonata, it\u2019s
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Finding an inexpensive
We came across Wright on the Market, which includes listings for FLW houses currently up for grabs.
\This Gamewell machine has been in my family for decades. Any idea what it is?\ - D.P., Eau Claire, Michigan Pumpkin Decorating
Will mistakes be made on your DIY project? Yes. Will you regret certain decisions? Definitely. The good news is that, if you attempt the project yourself, you can brag about whatever you accomplished or you just might have a good story to tell from the hospital.
Looking at this apartment, it\u2019s easy to see how Leva became one of the leading designers for a fashion-forward brand.
This week we brought you another batch of must-follow Pinterest accounts. (Want to be in the running for next week's list
Who says you can't be chic in the kitchen? Not only are appliances, cookware and other gadgets for your inner chef much more stylish than in the past, there are more options than ever before.
As we celebrate the beginning of another weekend, we can't help but think of new ways to fix up our homes in the next few
Photo from Dina at Honey & Fitz. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and
It can be tough to find the perfect wallpaper. After searching through books at your local home improvement store, you might
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter and Facebook. Every time a newer and better form of
Reddit Pic by usernameblank Certain retailers, like Nordstrom, historically chooses not to decorate until after Thanksgiving
Have you ever wondered what would happen if a bunch of celebrity interior designers came together to create one totally awesome
If you have beautiful oil paintings in your home, you may be afraid to clean them when they become dusty. Luckily, How Cast
Autumn officially begins tomorrow, and there are a ton of things we're looking forward to as the weather starts to cool down
And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. The coolest part about this holder
But the bedroom is finally done and though Zidarevich has two more rooms that she wants to redo, she\u2019s going to focus on
Placing a vase on an empty table is an easy way to dress up a room without making it look messy or cluttered. But that doesn't
We\u2019ve been searching for homes for sale by price for a few weeks now. And every time it gets a little more difficult and
In this week's edition of weird Craigslist ads, we bring you another list full of quirky, creepy and confusing things for
We drove through the city, up gravelly mountain roads and did some serious highway time as well. I feel like we really got to know the Enclave and I have say that we really liked it. Here is my break down of pros, cons and other opinions about the Buick Enclave.
Unfortunately, unpleasant smells are bound to make their way into your automobile. Luckily, Reader\u2019s Digest found a unique
As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. GET READY, GET
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. One of the best parts
The CBS drama \The Good Wife\u201d has gained major popularity with critics and viewers from all over the world. And what\u2019s getting
Given all the bills, statements, manuals, letters, to-dos, shopping lists and junk mail that adorn nearly every surface in our homes, it can feel like the most unattainable aspiration to get to the bottom of it.
Accent Decorations Have a boring picture frame or storage box? Many people affix old keys as decorative accents. Whether
I wonder why there's no reality show about living in a house undergoing repair? The scenario's got everything
Sometimes, scented air fresheners can be too overpowering. We may want our rooms to smell faintly of cotton, but not like
4. Keep artwork oversized and simple. Your room should only have a few larger pieces of art as opposed to busy, eclectic
White wicker decor can be a pretty accent for both inside and outside the home. But if you\u2019ve noticed that your pieces are
\We came in when the economy was tanking and our first priority wasn't redecorating,\ President Barak Obama recently told
Designer Oscar de la Renta once said \u201cThe most important thing? Perfect lighting at all times.\u201d And since it is such an important
Choose the style and material. Fire pits are on the market in a range of styles, and are most often made from stone, metal
Earlier this week we gave you a list of must-follow Pinterest accounts. (Want to be in the running for next week's list? Just
We're very excited to syndicate one of our favorite columns, 'What Is It? What Is It Worth?' from one of our favorite magazines
10. Clean your air conditioner filter. Clogged or dirty filters restrict air flow, reducing energy efficiency as well as
And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. In today's Craft Of The Day, we
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter and Facebook. For a full, step-by-step tutorial, visit
As we slowly move into the cooler weather, your spring and summer plants may be looking a little less robust than when they
During the week, it's easy to forget about what needs to be done around the house. This weekend, set aside time for some
Known for employing some of the world's smartest and brightest, Google didn't fall short when they chose Chris Coleman as
Naturally grown in central and South America, they are generally epiphytic, meaning that they grow on other plants (but not
Jamie Dorobek
I recently realized I have taken the benefits of my walkable town for granted. Although I have lived in Hoboken for almost
Salmansohn, eager to maintain the happy feelings evoked by the neighborhood that she loved so dearly, did not want to stray
Whether it\u2019s a shiny tea pot, cooking pans or decor, copper is a popular element in the home. Unfortunately, the metal can
From tighter security control to the ability to coordinate lighting and climate so that you'll have lower energy bills, these
Photo by Christina at Christina's Adventures. Embellishing your office supplies and making them uniquely \you\ is another
Autumn is a season that calls our attention to Nature. It is a beautiful time of year, and I say \Embrace it!\
Photo by Brigitta at Norske Interior Blogger We love how the lights reflect off the egg cartons and make the flower appear
It's easy to get lost exploring Craigslist and its infinite amount of postings. Items range from the useful, practical and
Stainless steel appliances are a gorgeous accent to any kitchen. Unfortunately, the metal is prone to finger smudges and
The cool weather is finally upon us and before you know it fall will be in full effect. And that means transitioning your
Every week we\u2019ve been searching for homes for sale by price. And we\u2019ve been shocked by what you can get in different cities
Lawn Furniture Cleaner With fall rapidly approaching, it will soon be time to put away your outdoor furniture. Whether you
No matter where we're going, we tote our keys for the house and car around with us every single day. So, why not carry them
DISCLOSURE
Hardwood floors are a beautiful accent in any home. But it\u2019s certainly a turnoff to see smudges, dirt and dust lingering
\Keep continuing to pray for our troops out there,\ he told the news outlet. \They're the guys that give us this beautiful
Just as Facebook allows us to customize our own profile pages, the company encourages its employees to make their surroundings
What It's Worth
Photo by Liz Stanley of Momtastic. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr
Buy the right size. Since slipcovers come in many sizes, it's important to measure your furniture before heading to the store
When cooking, some of our favorite treats leave behind grease and other stuck-on substances that seem almost impossible to
Gretchen Rubin, author of The Happiness Project, previously enlightened us with 7 ways to be happier at home. And since her
When Trump and husband Jared Kushner moved into their home, there was one thing that was important
We love house tours because they offer a glimpse inside all sorts of interesting homes, whether they be urban apartments
Benjamin Moore photo Pretty cool, huh? Take a look at our slideshow of ways to use this fun product, like on toy chests, cupboards
Photo by Kristi from barnowlprimitives Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter and Facebook
As the weekend begins, it's time to start thinking about what you want to accomplish in the next couple of days. You'll obviously
We're not really sure what to make of these statistics, but maybe if we spent a little more time on housework and less than
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter and Facebook. Right now, the time is better than ever
According to Douglas Elliman real estate agency, the separate living area, complete with central air, heat, cable, oculus
Real estate is the great equalizer. While celebrities may be able to saunter past the peons to the better restaurant table
Booking a stay in a standard, chain hotel is the easiest way to plan a vacation. A brand name assures us that our room will
Dezeen Magazine
Since a dishwasher is made to do most of the dirty work for us, it needs its own cleaning every once in a while to remove
Photo by Meg Zandi of Radical Possibility We love how completely adorable these are. They would make a great addition to
But what\u2019s even more amazing than the worldly treasures found in this Manhattan residence, is the tribute to the history
There's no denying it
Every week, in our roundup of weird Craigslist finds, you might be fortunate enough to find the perfect quirky addition to
\Flipping Out\ returned for a sixth season with Jeff Lewis and his newest assistant, Andrew. Andrew is a trust-fund baby
Photo by Melissa from Look What I Made. We see interesting objects decorated with embroidery all the time. But we've never
To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list here. Your information will
Since the Republican And Democratic National Conventions are essentially the two biggest parties to be thrown in America
For more great uses for everyday items, check out our previous installments of \5 Uses For...\ in our slideshow! Scuff Eraser
What started as a saddle and carriage furniture maker in 1852, simply named H\u00e4stens or \horse\ in Swedish, soon became a purveyor of hand-crafted beds made of all-natural materials like cotton, wool, flax and of course, horsehair.
The best thing about this planter is that it requires only minutes and a few tools to make. The hardest step is finding the
What It's Worth
You can order larger echeveria from a local green house or grower or pick up smaller ones at garden centers or even grocery
Due to an unfortunate urban incident, Josh had lost all of his furniture. Leaving town for a week of work training, he handed me a credit card, gave me a small budget and said, \I trust you. I'd like a place to sleep and sit when I get back.\
Somehow, by default, I became the queen of laundry for my family, and that has meant that I have had to learn, and indulge, their individual shopping and storage styles, or what I lovingly refer to as their \clothes crazies.\
We love long weekends. An extra day away from the office is the perfect opportunity to take on some projects that you might
Photo by Debbie from Confessions Of A Plate Addict. We are guilty of a few things
So, we've complied a buying guide with tips from Dr. Salinas and Gerry Borreggine, President and CEO of Therapedic International
Not everyone loves furniture shopping as much as we do. Between crowded stores, competitive salespeople and expensive price
Grease can be quite difficult to get out of clothes and furniture. But just because it somehow finds its way to your upholstery
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. It always feels good to find
7. \After I lose some weight, I'll fit into these clothes again.\ If you lose a bunch of weight, you'll likely want to buy
And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. Since, seemingly, the only people
Want to see your account in our weekly top 5? Then send us an email! Simply click \Send Us A Tip\ (below) with a link to
Color is a very personal thing, but a new survey found a shade that a majority of Americans can get behind. According to
One of the best parts of my job as executive\nproducer for PBS's Antiques Roadshow is collecting and sharing the stories we discover\nas we journey across the U.S.A.
Whether you're getting ready for back-to-school or you're shopping around for new gear for the upcoming season, something's
As time takes its toll, silverware can start to tarnish and look old. After splurging on a nice set, the last thing anyone
Today's Craft Of The Day embodies the perfect mix of contemporary style mixed with an earthy, natural feel. Known as hypertufa
Seacrest, who now lives in the 2.87 acre compound with his girlfriend Julianne Hough, can now officially close the book on
You can buy just about anything on the internet. Don't believe us? Check out these weird postings we found for this week's
This project took him about a week to make and included the following tools
You might not realize that something as common and widely-used as a clothes dryer could be dangerous. But as colder months
Last week we really challenged ourselves while looking for homes for sale by price with a small budget of $100,000. In the
We're always looking for new ways to dress up plain-looking kitchenwares. So, naturally we were impressed with today's Craft
So many people associate these scaled-down toys with playtime (or geekery), which is unfortunate to say the least. (I might be biased, since I have dozens...and dozens.) But in the spirit of this column, I'm finding new ways to use action figures in the home.
As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. Which item is your
When we first saw Michael H. Rohde's photography series \Below The Floor\ on Design-Milk.com, we were floored. (Pun intended
We routinely strip our beds and remake them to ensure the sheets are nice and fresh when we climb into bed at night. But
We see a lot of different ways to take ordinary supplies and turn them into something great. Today's Craft Of The Day is
I never doubted the move to a smaller apartment because I knew I was giving up space and stuff to take on a new lifestyle of having all the best restaurants on my street and sharing a close-knit neighborhood. This does not mean I parted with my things easily.
It can be challenging to transition from warm days and beaches to schoolbooks, early mornings and car-pooling to soccer games and ballet practice. I find that there are two important aspects to a smooth and successful adjustment back into the real world.
How do you calm the (frayed) nerves of hundreds of delegates whose smartphones have practically become appendages? You start
A refrigerator water dispenser is a fun feature that sometimes gets overlooked during a routine kitchen cleaning. But cleaning
We could all use a little relaxation. Unfortunately, between work, school and kids, it's hard to find some time to get away
A
At first blush, a vanity table may seem like an outmoded, though elegant, means of dressing something your grandma used. If you're tired of leaning over the bathroom sink for a view of your face; retrieving your makeup brush from the wet bowl and leaving the house with a toothpaste-stripe across your abdomen, it may be time to reconsider the ease of a dressing table.
We love a good repurposing idea that helps us get a little more use out of the ordinary items in our homes. So, when we came
Photo by Holly from In The Fun Lane. And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below
Sometimes we wish we could fill our whole house with amazing high end decor. But, a great alternative is when we find an
Before we know it, kids will be heading back to school. So, we've rounded up some adorable (and free) printables that will
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Flournoy has proved that all
Labor Day weekend is right around the corner. So, this Saturday and Sunday are the perfect time to do a few spruce-ups around
Sometimes when we're in a rush, we have a way of carelessly stuffing our phone cords, earbuds and other wires in our bag
And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. Have something to say? Check out
Like Craigslist, eBay is a regular site we visit...but we don't think too much about what goes on behind the scenes (or, behind
When we first heard Target was collaborating with the San Francisco craft and novelty store the Curiosity Shoppe, we were
Nicole Hill-Confetti Garden
We caught up with Jon Spurlock, showroom director at the Christopher Guy Highpoint showroom, for a sneak peek at the hot hues to come for the season.
We love our pets, but we don't love the fur and hair they often leave, well, everywhere. If you've ever tried to vacuum up
Photo by Elsie and Emma from A Beautiful Mess. There is a vintage-inspired item that's been spreading like wild fire as a
Some of us have a pleasant childhood memory of Ronald McDonald, the jolly clown enticing folks to eat McDonald's. From getting
We'd be lying if we said we never stepped out of the house with a wrinkled shirt because our clothes iron was broken (and
A few weeks ago while looking for homes for sale by price, we challenged ourselves with a meager $150,000 budget. This week
Click on items in the images below and scroll through to find some of the pieces used in the makeover. Editor's Note
Besides using them under steaming dishes, this cute decor comes in handy in a number of different ways. You can place them
If you're anything like us, you might like to wear bold, daring lipstick tones, especially this time of year. Unfortunately
A cooler is a summer standby, but if yours is a little worse for the wear, don't chuck it just yet. Whether plastic or foam, the insulated container can do more than just chill a few bottles of beer.
We're particularly fond of the array of artwork (sourced from local and distant artists) she has hanging throughout the house
DISCLOSURE
Maybe it's because we love writing and all the letters and symbols that make up our language, but we think this playful chair
And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. Photo by Ez from Creature Comforts
There are few things more contradictory than having beautiful, fresh flowers sitting in a dirty vase. Unfortunately though
When we first set eyes on the incredibly drab front lawns from this episode of DIY Network's Desperate Landscapes, we thought
Her husband suggested Kickstarter but she was hesitant, because like many of us she didn't know if other people would have
Whether it's loud neighbors, buzzing pests or even a snoring roommate, annoying nighttime sounds can make your evening a
1930s Bowling Game \My father passed down this miniature 10-pin set. How old do you think the toy is?\ - W.G., Little Rock
A baseball plant, or Jatropha Berlandieri, is a spectacle of a species for sure. Native to the arid parts of the southern
Between crushes, fascinations and lust-have trends, my sea of inspiration is never-ending, which brings me to my latest obsession... the color MINT!  From my manicures to my midnight snacks, I just cant get enough.  I took a cue from my go-to hue and decided to inject a happy medium (literally) into my home. A new coat of paint can transform a room and your mood, but choosing the right color can be a little nerve-racking. I dove into this DIY with my head and paint brush held high knowing that Valspar's Love Your Color Guarantee would be my safety net.  Make your home stylish from the floor to ceiling with a freshly painted feeling!
We think they look almost like mini-tree stumps...too cute! And they are so much more original-looking than the ho-hum plastic
To learn more tips on how to design a craft room, check out the video above. Whether you already have a craft room or you
We're always looking for ways to reinvent ordinary items in our home. So, when we realized all it would take is hot glue
We know we\u2019ve been saying \u201csummer is almost\u201d over for a few weeks now...and we know you want to relax and enjoy it. But you
Although we are no longer students, there is something about the approach of the fall season that has us thinking about pencils
Seat padding also matters. Ackerman, Nocera, and Bargh found that people sitting with more or less padding under their butts
Click through out slideshow to see photos of Botkier's home. We're particularly fond of the bright red doors and windows
These DIY thread spool wine corks from the creative crafters at A Beautiful Mess are absolutely adorable. And we think they'll
Amanda Jane Jones
There's nothing worse than stepping out of the shower fresh and clean only to be met by an awful dank odor coming from your
When designer Monica Potvin and her husband Marquel bought a small apartment in Barcelona's Poble Nou neighborhood, they had no plans of having children so they knocked down walls to create an open studio space with plenty of light.
For many homeowners, the bathroom is the last frontier when it comes to redecorating or renovating. And that was just the
Last week while looking for homes for sale by price, we challenged ourselves with a meager $150,000 budget. But this week
This DIY chevron candle from Hi Sugarplum! is the perfect side table decor. And making your own isn't as tough (or time-consuming
Every week we find some pretty bizarre things for sale while surfing Craigslist. Sometimes, though, the same creepy things
Watch the video above to see the structures from the \Master Craft\ challenge and let us know
Back in 2011, we saw artist Thomas McKeans create exciting mosaics with used MetroCards. But, New York-based designer Nina
In its first official press briefing, Chief Executive Ben Silbermann said on Tuesday the Android app was among the most requested
New additions to the list? Tobacco and other smokeable products, human bones or body parts (which excludes hair and teeth
We especially love this bunting because it's out of the ordinary. It's not everyday we see wedding decor made from t-shirts
GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list
Rubber bands are the unsung heroes of the workplace, offering an easy way to keep giant file folders and other random papers bundled together. For most people, that might be the only job for these lowly office supplies. But there are a bunch of new uses for rubber bands--here are just a few of my favorites.
Click on items in the images below and scroll through to find some of the pieces used in the makeover. Editor's Note
As home decor fanatics, we often come across some pretty stand-out designS, so we're not all that easily surprised. These
If there's one particular pan or pot you use often to cook your favorite meals, chances are it's going to show wear and tear
To some, a collection of vintage ceramics, glass figurines and mementos from trips are just dust-collectors, but to others they are the makings of a beautiful home.
Created by design team Robin Standefer and Stephen Alesch of Roman and Williams, the HuffPost Live set resembles a traditional
Originally, the main floor of the home consisted of a shabby bedroom, a bare kitchen and a small living room. To create a
Between dirty shoes and and nasty spills, it's very likely for home carpets to emit some funky odors. But removing smells
We already knew this reality star turned media mogul could write, and we knew she had great fashion and decor sense, but
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Photo by
With the last few weeks of summer upon us, you're probably not as thrilled to tackle your to-do list as you are to hit the
It's almost that time again. Students all over the world are getting ready to go back to college. So, it's important to make
Sometimes it takes a while to realize our true calling. That was the case with Allison Bloom, a mother of three from Mill
The British heritage and aesthetic is inspiring fashion and home decoration around the world,\nespecially in the U.S. My British heritage has certainly given me an awareness of history, roots, authenticity and an appreciation to detail.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Lace has a way of making
Last week we set out to find beautiful homes for sale across America that cost $350,000. And boy, did we find some great
Let's face it-- when you have children, it's difficult to keep everything in the home looking just the way you want it. This
In this week's Hot On Pinterest installment, we're bringing you a boatload of beautiful images to click through. From one
Corell's not the first person to turn the iconic blue bag into a dress. This blogger took one bag (rather than 555) and fashioned
Do you know of any clever uses for playing cards? Share them in the comments! Photo from Flickr user ccarlstead For more
Surprisingly, each had completely different ideas for what represents their favorite tunes. Minda created a snake with different
Some of Sarah's most helpful tips? Only store the things you absolutely need at your fingertips. (This may mean getting rid
Cleaning pots thoroughly before planting flowers is an important job every gardener should take care of. A clean container
As design enthusiasts, we often like to browse through the creative projects featured on Kickstarter, a website that allows
Legend has it that Sammy Davis Jr. used to throw champagne glasses from the terraces onto FDR Drive, 23 stories below. The
Since we lost a few hours of our lives browsing through some of the most expensive homes in the world, we've been wondering
We love getting expert advice from our favorite HGTV designers, so we were thrilled when Frank Fontana, host of \Design On
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Making your own only
During the summer there are plenty of ice cold drinks in your house all the time keeping you cool. But if you don't use a
In our quest for unique DIY projects we come across a lot of really cool ideas, but we have to say, this one really impressed
To check out all of this amazing content and ideas, head over to Home Depot. Though many branded publications often turn
Earlier in the week we brought you our list of 5 fantastic Pinterest accounts to follow. (Want to be in the running for next
Q & A -Powdery Mildew A
There are only a few weeks of summer left -- so why not make the most of them? We're talking weekend DIY ideas, where we
There's nothing more unique than these handmade marbleized tumblers because no two designs are ever the same. They are a
To learn more tips on creating an affordable and space-saving outdoor lounge, check out the video above. Click on items in
Anytime old materials can be used to create something new and useful, we think it's great. But, It's even better when this
Plastic food containers are great because they allow us to save a lot of time (and money!) by storing leftover food so we
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Looking at this hacienda, it
A report from The Financial, says that Khan believes this will change the way people interact with and experience the Olympics
When bringing nature's elements indoors people feel happier, healthier, calmer, and at the same time more energetic and optimistic about their lives. Here are some easy to implement tips for your indoor environments.
Some women dream of one day owning a Chanel bag. I dream of one day owning a DeGiulio kitchen sink. Sleek, sexy and oh-so functional, they're the kind of sinks that make you want to jump up and cut some onions.
Much like the arresting color combinations she washes her rooms with, she applies the same fearless approach to color in her fashion collections. Below the decorator slash designer talks about happiness, style and ball gowns as office attire.
Want to see your account in our weekly top 5? Then send us an email! Simply click \Send Us A Tip\ (below) with a link to
Well put, Kim. But with more free time on her hands, Nichols has found a way to hone her style. With hardwood floors, antique
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. The overbearing plants and
And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. When it comes to our dining tables
In the summertime microwaves are a great alternative to cooking in our ovens. But with a lot of use it's bound to become
It might not be the most pleasant thing to clean up, but eventually all drivers must succumb to removing bird poop off their
GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! Want to add some fab eco-friendly style to your home but have no time to page through thousands
Who doesn't enjoy a lively game of ping pong? But to splurge on a custom made concrete table like this one, you'd have to
Photo by Ashley Ann from Under The Sycamore. Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest
Tracking sand into your house after spending the day at the beach seems inevitable. No matter how well you shake, brush or
Hair Conditioner Made of various proteins and natural enzymes, milk can make a great hair conditioner. Simply pour about
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Positioning kitchen carts
We're always looking for ways to make our homes more attractive, current, and comfortable. Although according to a recent
We have a guilty pleasure
In this line of business, you get to know beds pretty well. From beautiful daybeds to fun lofted beds -- we've seen them
On cooler summer days when you can skip on running the air conditioning, a ceiling fan can provide air circulation and comfort
Do you dream about having a fabulous walk-in closet with places for all of your clothes, shoes and accessories? We do too
When looking for a home together, the young couple couldn't find everything on their wish list at a price they could afford
When it comes to the weekend, we like to imagine a tranquil, peaceful time spent lounging and catching up on some much needed
We are firm believers that ruffles have a way of making bedding look instantly flirty and feminine, which is why we love
Designing a large outdoor space can be tough, especially when working with a strict budget. But the designers from HGTV's
Which is true. The red accents in the kitchen and the mint-green chair and vases in the guest bedroom definitely add warmth
Daisies are the perfect summer accent, so what better way to brighten up your home than incorporating these friendly flowers
Most seats are made from polyester, plastic or polypropylene because these materials are durable, washable, dry quickly and
Kitchen trash cans are one of the smelliest things in our homes. Even with scented liners and bags, garbage can odors can
Stuart Plunkett first fell in love with the architecture and scale of his townhouse in San Francisco's Noe Valley originally
The method behind these unique utensils? Dipping the end of plain wooden chopsticks into your favorite color nail polish
Every gardener needs a small space to call their own where they can blissfully prune, snip, pot and arrange their carefully
Also, creating crafts is costly. If you want your product to last you have to spend money on the best materials and supplies
Looking for some design inspiration? This week's list of Hot On Pinterest won't disappoint! It includes a luxury furniture
Sometimes even when you've found your dream home, it may have some outdated details and awkward designs. But with a little
The overcast and gray sky would normally make me very sad, but in San Francisco it was refreshing and inspired me to take a new look at coastal decor.
Craft and photo originally by Elizabeth from Stockroom Vintage. We love these decorative jars from The Budget Savvy Bride
On Craigslist, one person's useless item is another's treasure. Or is it? This week, we ask that question -- and so many
We recently revealed how to properly clean your television screens, but your television's better half needs attention too
When a couple first gets engaged, the thought of combining their two lives is exciting. But when it comes down to registering for wedding gifts, they have to combine their two different styles to create one cohesive home. And this is not an easy task. But with some compromise, registering for their new lives together can bring a couple closer, which is exactly what happened with Danielle, 30 and Anthony, 32. Here's their story.
Watch the video above to see the crafts from the \Pop Craft\ challenge and tell us
Waking up in the morning to find your car covered in tree sap isn't exactly a great way to start the day. The sticky, gooey
If you're looking for a stand-out piece of furniture for your space, we've found it. We can honestly say we've never seen
DISCLOSURE
The most important thing is to choose a table that will maximize the small space. It's best to choose all weather material
What do you with your prescription pill bottles when you finish taking its contents? Turn them into containers, emergency kits and more. Here are my favorite uses for this everyday item.
We admit it, sometimes we wish we could DIY everything. But the reality is that there are some things that are better left
Look for quality. Let's face it. Many items were just made better in the past. Keep your eye out for well-made items that
Photo by Erin from Erin's Creative Energy. We think bird feeders are great...they attract pretty birds to our outdoor spaces
We don't have to tell you that the quickest way to give your home a whole different look is through paint. The only down
How many times have you seen an expensive piece of furniture and thought, \I can make that\? Not often? Never? Here is one example of how you can take inspiration from a catalog, and get the look for less. MUCH less.
For instance, placing candles in the space is a great way to keep the fireplace looking cozy. Using candles of different
I was posting a lot of photos of Turbo on my blog and it was conflicting because it was an art blog and I was posting photos
We grew up in a house where Mom was always making something, whether it was homemade bread or fresh pasta, she was a whir in the kitchen. Like her, I feel very comfortable in the kitchen, and that's where my self-confidence blooms. I started cooking for myself after college; starting off simple, and when my future husband moved in, I took it to the next level.
If you've always wanted to add a personal touch to your glassware then these two etching techniques are a must-try. They
If your home has you a bit frazzled because there's so much you'd like to do and so little time, you are not alone (trust
We're constantly stopping by the office water cooler in the summer. But because there's always water flowing through it, we
Many of us don't have a large backyards to plant flowers and herbs, but that doesn't mean we have to go without our own garden
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Photo by Alissa from
The couple has mixed feelings about their plans for demolition and remodeling because it means destroying the previous owner's
If you're looking for a unique way to display pretty summer plants or even a small tree, this DIY drum planter from Instructables
Standing at 377 feet, the twisted red tower is tallest sculpture in the United Kingdom. And while it was designed by Indian
It is safe to say that I spent a considerable amount of time over the past year scouring the internet for home decor options. I would Google each item and then spend hours studying and comparing all of the delicious home furnishing websites that I discovered.
Remember the days growing up when you put a lot of thought into the notes you were about to send a friend, family member
Liz Bolina
Art by Rayden Salinas. Throughout Anderson's films, we have seen the director use a 70s-influenced color palette that has
Sometimes, you just have to rely on a feeling. This is exactly the chance jet-setting couple Colin and Carolina Cormac took
During the summer months, we're particularly fond of lighting candles on our decks (especially the citronella kind) to create
For a short period of six days three times a year, during the months of May, July and September, the tiny town of Brimfield, Massachusetts comes alive as thousands of antique fanatics prowl the grounds for those one-of-kind pieces. My first trip to this whirlwind furniture shopping adventure was last May and I was ready, or at least I thought so.
We recently revealed how important it is to clean your patio cushions, but there's another piece of furniture that needs
To see these tips -- and more -- check out the clip above! Some of Stacey's most helpful tips? Store certain items that aren't
The secret to soul in a kitchen is not in what you buy and put into it, but in how you make room for people and nature to come into it.
We love that feeling of finding just what we're looking for while online shopping. But while surfing the interesting items
Don't Get Caught Up In The Thread Count Hype. While most people think that the higher the thread count, the more decadent
Photo by Stevie from Garden Therapy. To see a full tutorial on how to create these candles and other great crafts, head over
Making matters worse, the expensive vacuum cleaner is being promoted with an equally ridiculous rap song that goes something
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. This week we brought you another
As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. PLEASE NOTE that
Photo by Custommade designer Yoder Custom Design. At what age is a person too old for bunk-beds again? Because we really
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. And, be sure to check
Growing up in the 1980s, I watched a lot of \MacGyver.\ Thanks to Richard Dean Anderson's portrayal of a non-violent secret agent, there is whole generation that thinks they can save the world with a paper clip, a soda can and some duct tape. MacGyver was right -- you can do anything with your trusty paperclip.
My husband and I were so excited about purchasing our first home. With a little boy on the way, we wanted to get a move on
Here's a question
And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. The best part
She clearly likes to take chances in decorating and her bold use of color, pattern, and whimsy makes her spaces appear fun
We're particularly fond of the antiques throughout the house. From a stoneware cistern used as an umbrella stand to an old
Entertaining styles vary, which is why we were curious to find out what we might discover at a Summer shindig thrown by Jonathan
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Add those ingredients together
Q
Every workplace, no matter how stylish, is plagued with the eyesore that is \office furniture.\ And our newsroom was no exception
We hope you all had a great 4th of July. Maybe, like us, you celebrated a bunch last weekend and are taking it easy this
They say your home should be your personal sanctuary, right? Last time I checked, my sanctuary didn't contain skateboards, trains or a diaper genie.
I recently wrote about the things a kitchen really doesn't need, but who am I kidding?  For us Americans, the real fun is talking about what we do need.
Digging up flowers instead of weeds. Drowning the tulips. Real Simple readers reveal their growing woes and garden design
San Francisco Bay-area resident Michael Rubenstein and his wife Lisa, an interior designer, approached TRG Architects with
And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. Photo by Shealynn Benner from Shey
Applying sunscreen is essential to protect your skin from the strong summer sun. Unfortunately, the chemical Avobenzone found
Our favorite part about this useful decor is that it's made from a vintage mirror. This creative crafter took the frame from
While perusing Pinterest, we came across the work of Berlin-based artist Owen Gatley, whose unique illustration of a home
Our cutting boards are out in full force during the summer months as we are dicing, slicing and preparing great food togrill
Bottom line
Lisa Mende
And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. This sign is definitely one of
You will often find cut Confederate Jasmine vines used in fresh cut floral, so feel free to incorporate the greens and the
But the best vacation home we've laid our eyes on, well, pretty much ever, belongs to one of our favorite media moguls, Oprah
It's the Fourth of July and to me that means trips to the beach, backyard entertaining and blasts of color! I also joke that I'm actually named after our beautiful country, America; after all, I amERICA!
As we're anxiously awaiting the end of the day to kick off our Fourth of July celebration, we can't help thinking about all
Flickr photo by Jeff Golden - Make sure your patio furniture is clean and odorless. This cleaning tip explains how to clean
We think this unique concrete fireplace integrated within outdoor seating is simply amazing, and we just had to share it
What better way to salute the 4th of July than with this festive Craft Of The Day. These red, white, blue (and bling!) pinwheels
To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list here. Your information will
It's hot out there, and we're hoping to hit the beach -- soon! Wouldn't it be amazing to own a beautiful exotic beachfront
In July 2011 my husband and I hired a general contractor and an interior designer to renovate our summer home in East Hampton, New York. Our plan was to get rid of all of our furniture and fixtures and completely redecorate every room from floors to windows to walls. We would also gut the outdated kitchen and bathrooms. After several weeks of discussing our design plans we handed the key to the contractor and left for our home in San Francisco. Nine months, 1000 emails and 50 phone calls later, we came back to our beautiful home which had undergone a major transformation.
Catching some sun and sipping on cool drinks are fine activities for the 4th of July. But, it can feel a little boring after
While gas grill are efficient, you just won't get that rich smokey flavor that only comes with charcoal grilling. These grills
A girlfriend recently asked me for some guidance on how to decorate her tiny San Francisco apartment patio. She wanted something simple that felt like an escape from the city, and had a relaxing ambiance.
If you have a single-brew coffee machine, you most likely have purchased a reusable \K-cup\-style filter system. While these
Are you looking for a maintenance free plant that can take the heat of the summer months? Euphorbia Breathless White is a
So, to help decorate your Independence Day soiree, we are bringing you 10 adorable (and free) printables. From cupcake toppers
If you want to show off your patriotic side during the Fourth of July, this hot air balloon-inspired picnic basket will certainly
With the 4th of July on its way (and fast) you might be rounding up your decorations and recipes, while trying trying to
An indoor swing might seem risque to some, but really, it's a fun accent that can add a touch of whimsy to any home. And
Dentists are constantly telling us to frequently disinfect and clean our toothbrushes. But very rarely do they mention cleaning
To see Mr. Munro (and animals) in action, watch the clip below! Okay, so maybe he's not that good, but few could argue this
You might be thinking to yourself
Photo by Cassidy from Fit, Crafty, Stylish and Happy. This wreath, which looks like it could be found in tons of home decor
If you're not a seasoned shopper, flea markets can be difficult places to navigate. But there are a lot of ways to ensure
We know what you are thinking. Cement, the industrial stuff that makes up our sidewalks, can be pretty? In addition to being
Among the talent was interior designer Cassandra Stearns who said mixing bright pops of color with vintage fabrics is one
There's nothing more beautiful than a lawn outside your home. But the effort involved in maintaining green grass can be daunting
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. For a full tutorial
Salt and pepper are two of the most-used condiments. We're always being asked to pass the salt at the table or being told
The garbage disposal is a great kitchen gadget. It gets rid of our food waste and helps keep our trash from stinking up our
One of the best ways to change the design of a room, is to add an accent wall. The easiest way to accomplish this of course is to paint one wall a contrasting color.
To read more about this earthy but glamorous home, visit California Home + Design. Have something to say? Be sure to check
Now, several years later, my fianc\u00e9 and I live in an apartment that was advertised as a \one bedroom plus den,\ the den being
Diane Labombarbe via Getty Images Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr
What makes us determine the strange Craigslist ads from the ordinary? Well, it makes us wonder \Why would anyone want to
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. Photo by Jodie from
To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list here. Your information will
Take a look through our slideshow to see photos of Corcoran's charming estate and head over to Gillian Stewart Real Estate
Pruning shears are one of the most important tools to have in your garden. From cutting away unwanted branches to helping
But it's worth it to create one-of-a-kind art for clients, she said. Mosaics are great additions to homes because they are
If you have ever looked at your fireplace surround, and said \... Eh,\ there are things you can do to remedy the situation.
I'll admit it. I can't commit. \n\nNow before you judge me you have to know I've really tried to pick just one to sleep with. But just like clock work, every time it gets too serious, I get nervous and start questioning
Photo by Liz Stanley from Momtastic. And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below
House Beautiful's July/August issue is all about the small spaces in our homes. And though it doesn't hit stands until July
Over the last several years, the availability of sun-powered lighting has increased, and there are more choices in styles
Your patio is an entertaining hot spot in the summer, especially during the Fourth of July weekend. And while we know you've
Get your hands dirty and plant, trim, fertilize and reacquaint yourself with Mother Nature. Feng Shui teaches us that sheng chi or good energy can easily flow in places that are pleasing to look at, clean and maintained with care.
Are you planning a festive gathering to celebrate the Fourth of July? If so, you're in luck, because we have gathered 6 free
Here's another wolf in sheep's clothing for you, though this plant is hardly vicious at all
It's definitely a downer when you want so badly to relax but know there are a few things you should take care of first. Well
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Photo by Kierste W. of Brown
If washing the dishes is kind of a drag, this Craft Of The Day may brighten the experience a bit. (Okay so, it won't do the
Window screens are absolute necessities in the summer. They allow us to enjoy the summer breeze without having to worry about
When we stumbled across this video, which teases a Seattle house that looks like a \giant robot,\ we were skeptical. And
For the full tutorial, head over to The Crafting Chicks. You'll Need
Getty Images Reach for the calamine lotion, it's mosquito season. Mosquitoes are out in full force right now because warm
It's finally summertime, and we are so ready for all of our favorite warm-weather activities, especially outdoor entertaining
If your home needs to be spruced and you're looking for some inspiration, our weekly installment of Hot On Pinterest can
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. We were pretty much blown
Q
But the USOC may end up regretting their assault - after all, these knitters are armed with needles and now they're angry
And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. Part of the sewing work is already
Even though your ice cube tray is constantly being run under water, it can still be one of the smelliest gadgets in your
Even though we only place clean items in our dish rack, it's still one of the dirtiest places in the kitchen. The water that
If you've been searching for a unique accessory to add a little something to your living room, this Craft Of The Day will
Well folks, it's that time of the week. We've scoured Craigslist for the weird and strange-- and we weren't disappointed
To add a little more flair to the room, I decided to outline my one window in the kitchen with Loteria cards my mom had sent
Last weekend was my friend's birthday and she had her party at the beach. She spent the whole afternoon getting ready for the event, picking up a few essentials for the perfect summer beach party.
Want to add some fab eco-friendly style to your home but have no time to page through thousands of eBay listings? Then just
For the full tutorial visit Michael Ann Made. You'll Need
First, there was DesignSeeds. Then, there was Colour Lovers. And then, about a hundred other color blogs bearing palettes
Every single day, anywhere I went, in every aspect. I didn't have new clothes like the other kids at school and had to stand
These are the little tricks that have helped maintain my sanity while living, sleeping and cooking in the same 168 square
Like most of 21st century society, we love our cell phones. It's kind of hard not to become attached when they keep us connected
Everyone gets it once and a while... you find yourself stuck creatively and need some inspiration to pull you out of the
I rented a shoebox-sized apartment (300 square feet) downtown and was just happy to be back in civilization where my friends wold come and visit me. A fourth-floor walkup, the space was described somewhat generously as a one-bedroom. I had one window which looked into an air shaft where some weird man would stare at me and my apartment smelled like sweet and sour chicken.
Noted environmentalist and actor Adrian Grenier has just moved SHFT.com headquarters to the W Hollywood and The Residences
We know that with the weather getting nicer, you're probably not dying to spend your weekends doing household projects. (Neither
While searching Etsy for Father's Day gift ideas, we stumbled upon some more great printables. These creative cards, posters
You'll Need
Photos by Raydene Salinas Last Sunday morning I woke up with an idea for a project; A garden of bright, colorful flowers
Tucked away in a studio minutes from the world-class surf of Huntington Beach, California, artist Heather Roth of the Salvage Design Company is hard at work smashing china plates with a hammer.
Niki Blaker
And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. Say goodbye to boring cardboard
To see the makeover and learn more smart tips for designing a chic dining room on a budget, watch the video. First, the dining
It's a two-step process. Soak the garment just like you would soak a dirty dish
This week while thinking about what weird things we might find on Craigslist, the thought came to mind that eventually we
Now that summer is just about here, you may be enjoying your fair share of refreshing iced tea. And let's be honest, it's
Though you don't have to live in a city to find yourself contending with a small room, New York is almost synonymous with
GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! Want to add some fab eco-friendly style to your home but have no time to page through thousands
Pick a pattern. Gone are the days of muted brown outdoor rugs. These floor coverings are now available in brightly-colored
Confession
Have another great use for lemons? Share in the comments below! Chrome Restoration Whether it's a bathroom fixture or a decorative
Coffee is good for starting the day, keeping you awake for meetings and...cleaning the grill? Yes, it's true. The acidic
A centerpiece designed with stones is as simple as it is sophisticated. A trio of colorful pebble \parfaits\ makes a modern
Often times we think plants for our outdoor gardens need to be planted in soil. But I'm here to say
How to Make It
Father's Day is only a week away, believe it or not. While we were looking for great gift ideas, we stumbled upon a bunch
Country music and rotisserie chicken impresario Kenny Rogers is rolling the dice and hoping an auction will be the best way
If your home was built within the last ten years, then chances are it came with those hideous builder-grade \boob lights
Summer is in full swing and if you're anything like us, you'd rather be sitting by a pool than doing chores. But, if it's
Ruthie Nixon-Oneal This self-described crafty girl's Father's Day board is most definitely full of inspiration. The cards
When searching for that special dog house for your furry friend, there are a few things you should keep in mind. First off
Ahhh...it's pretty amazing how good a constant flow of air can feel on a blistering hot day. For those of us who aren't lucky
When we think about summer fun, the first things that pop into mind are refreshing drinks (read
Photo by Wilma Boekholt for By Wilma. It's easy to create a sweet setting with this Craft Of The Day. These lace candle holders
Water toys are a timeless pleasure
Susan Long
Designer Jordan Cappella was sent home this week after presenting the least popular design. David Bromstad, former \Design
This week's strange finds on Craigslist have us wondering if there should simply be a \Weird Things You Don't Want\ section
After more than 20 years in the software industry, Mark Nelson ventured in a new direction when he set off to open Ovid Winery
Circa-1905 Hardware Case What It's Worth
Customers are using their hand-crafted structures as chicken coops (complete with distinctive rounded doors and windows), playhouses, garden sheds, backyard offices, yoga studios, meditation suites and guest cottages.
Forget wall paintings and murals. The newest trend hitting homes across the nation
For more great uses for everyday items, check out our previous installments of \5 Uses For...\ in our slideshow below! Igloo
We're not the only ones obsessed with DIY. From the looks of these candid photos, our favorite stars enjoy getting creative
Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know and please take a minute to rate your favorite slides
Editor's Note
Whether you're entertaining outdoors or just lounging on the deck, the shade from an awning provides the perfect refuge from
When admiring these lovely vases, you may be thinking, \hmm...this looks like it could be sold at Anthropologie.\ And you'd
My father gave my mother a sense of independence, but when he passed on, she realized that she didn't know how to do the
Walking through the neighborhoods of Valpara\u00edso, Chile is like a look at centuries of European architecture painted in a rainbow of hues and graffitied everywhere in between.
If your young stuffed animal aficionado has made it clear that population control is out of the question, try the following
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Remember, there is such a
Take an ordinary lampshade from boring to outstanding with this Craft Of The Day from The Handmade Home. Instead of splurging
We were pretty excited when we came across this new invention, because now, instead of the bitter taste of glue, you can
Gabion walls have tradition that goes back for centuries. They are making a comeback in modern gardens and outdoor spaces
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Note
It was a short work week due to Memorial Day, and we're happy it's the weekend again! But, there's still tons we need to
What You'll Need
You'll Need
While flipping through Flickr this week for the latest DIY and decor finds, we came across this unbelievable photo of two
It's the pungent smell we all know and fear. And now eau de skunk is permeating from your patio furniture. Now what? You'll
Growing up, we idolized Snow White...and her lovely little cottage. Which may be why, as adults, we feel a little sentimental
Here is a collection of fun gifts for dad that will rock his world more than another tie or personalized gift.
And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. What You'll Need
A brand new episode of Design Star aired Tuesday at 9 PM (8 PM Central) on HGTV, and we were thrilled to catch it. If you
If you're like us, you're already feeling the intense heat of (unofficial) summer. This weekend, in fact, we found sanctuary
Watch the clip above from HGTV's Celebrity Motor Homes, for an in-depth tour of Diesel's trailer. Let us know your favorite
Last month, we focused on spring cleaning and getting to those places that often get lost in the shuffle. And this month
\Do I really need a punch bowl?\ my friend asked me. I was stumped. I guess there may come a day when she would want to mix
If you're a daily coffee drinker, you know that going out for a cup of joe can add up to a pricey monthly expense. Thankfully
Design Showcase Houses are breathtaking homes in which every living space has been given a makeover by an interior design or landscape professional. The annual events are eagerly awaited events by design junkies nation wide, myself included.
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. How to Make It
As usual, when searching Craigslist for strange home finds, we are never disappointed. This week's finds are some of the
Photo by Jones Design Company. Make your ordinary light switch stand out with this Craft Of The Day. We are excited about
Whether they're for working out or blocking out office noise, earbuds and headphones help us get through the day with a little
ELLE Decor Magazine recently released the 2012 A-List
Whether you have an expansive collection or a few favorite pairs, shoes scattered on the floor can turn any floor into an
This common pain reliever can be used long after that headache goes away. From plant 'Prozac' to a surprising way to soothe sunburns, here are a few unusual household hints.
How to Make It
Nigel Carr, former CEO of Oriel Wines, offers the following advice to ensure proper preservation of wine
Today's selections include items by Lane, Lyfa, Cartier, Siemens and Kartell. Be sure not to miss the antique Chinese terracotta pottery horse, the floral 1950s tripod floor lamp and the Worden maple card catalog cabinet.
With Memorial Day fast-approaching, you may be scavenging for last minute decoration ideas to make your backyard barbecue
It's officially outdoor entertaining season, if the firing up of all the grills around us is any indication. Whether you're
Though it's not quite summer yet, Memorial Day weekend always feels like the kick-off to the season. And it always reminds
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. You'll Need
Let's be honest, a bare wall can be a real challenge to decorate. Framed photos and artwork are typical, but for something
This Memorial Day, we honor the courageous men and women who serve or have served our country. Thanks to them, we feel protected
Now that some of our favorite flowers are in full bloom, we're daydreaming about spending our days pruning the perfect garden
For the full tutorial, visit Handmade Con Amor. Use this funky belt hanger to stay organized in style with this Craft Of
What do you imagine happened in this room? Tell us in the comments below. What do we love most about this space? Well for
Discuss \craft\ with Scott Constable, whose training includes apprenticeships under master woodworkers and who specialization in traditional joinery, and you're likely to hear about such things as traditional bodgery and English guilds.
Wonder Forest
How to Make It
Our favorite part of the makeover? The oversized, abstract painting of a grandfather clock on the wall. It adds a modern
Regardless if you have a gas or charcoal grill, here are three tips that will keep your grill looking clean throughout the summer. (Plus a bonus tip!)
Next, came the bookcase wall. These inexpensive shelves in a rich dark brown color created a handsome accent that also provided
Though we're sure they have their reasons for existing, we consider moths to be the 'black sheep' cousin of butterflies. They
Well, it's official. Craigslist may have become the graveyard for all of life's creepy things waiting to be sold to the next
It went something like this
And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. Editor's Note
Ok, so the name of the Nong Nooch vine is a little bit of a tongue twister. This tropical vine is a rare one to find at your
It isn't always easy to please everyone's palate (and possible dietary requirements) when creating a menu for a party, but I recently found the perfect solution
Sugar is one of those kitchen staples you will always have on hand. (While I've admittedly forgotten to buy things like paper
Have something to say? Check out HuffPost Home on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. For the full tutorial
So without further ado\u2026 After winnowing down the several hundred entries submitted on HomeMint's Facebook page to a top 10
GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know and please take a minute
The Fix
Decide on size. The size of your dining set will depend on your outdoor space. Generally, bistro-style sets (two chairs and
And, be sure to check out our other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. Editor's Note
We already know that keeping your home clean and organized is good for your health. (Cleaning keeps germs and dust particles
Summer is almost here! Now that the days and nights are much warmer, having an outdoor ceiling fan can help keep you cool. There are many different factors to consider when selecting the right outdoor ceiling fan for your home.
Let's face it
Our favorite feature of the property? A beautiful shaded cabana just outside the tennis court. Inside the lofty space is
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. For Chip and Bethany Herwegh
Can you believe this bag is homemade? It's modeled after a similar owl-tastic design by Kate Spade. But don't worry, making
This lovely spring weather makes it difficult to concentrate on pesky chores around the house, but taking care of a few needed
For more tips, visit Real Simple. What You'll Need Let the good times roll with a bar on wheels, stocked with the essential
Eye-pleasing landscaping has the potential to improve the way you feel about your home and make your property more appealing
It turns out the headpiece is part of an entire ensemble, including a wearable dress, hand-held mask and ring Enriquez constructed
What You'll Need
You'll Need
Keep a maximum of three sets of sheets per bed. This way, you can have one on the bed, one in the laundry and one in the
Globe trekkers Heather Morrison and Neil Navin brought back more than trinkets and souvenirs from time spent living in the Middle East. Although they may not have realized it at the time, they also returned with seeds of architectural inspiration.
The short answer
But what if you're not exactly a pro designer? You can still use Pinterest...like a pro. Perez-Fuentes feels that the best
Flickr photo by iriskh How To Make It
Photo from Flickr user Joost J. Bakker IJmuiden One way -- probably the most obvious -- is to let the container soak over
This week's Hot On Pinterest features five pinners we suggest you start following -- now! From drool-worthy products to globally
There is nothing better than taking in the scenery from a beautiful balcony. Some are shady and overgrown with greenery and
Flickr photo by ecokarenlee For the full tutorial, visit Crafting A Green World. And, be sure to check out the other great
We've been thinking up ways to entertain friends and family outdoors thanks to the sunny weather. And without a doubt it's
These days, mailing a letter can feel a bit, well, slow. But that's also what makes it such a special gesture. We love knowing
A
Perhaps a bit peculiar, we love how this cityscape coffee table from CustomMade Artisan Scott Cawood Metal Artist gets as
You've probably noticed that pie pans, muffins tins, and other bakeware don't nest well -- and that no one likes taking everything
CROCHETING MATERIAL Did you know that you can crochet with plastic bags? Due to their unique combination of strength and
To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list here. Your information will
How To Make It
If your are concerned that the ink on the newspaper will transfer onto your windows, don't worry. Argonne National Library
Check out some of the patio umbrellas we're looking at in the marketplace now. And, let us know in comments below what do
Since it's the gathering point for pretty much everyone you could think of, it can be hard to settle on living room decor
These fantasies can very easily become a reality, with an outdoor space and a little elbow grease. We've seen a lot of beautiful gardens on our travels, and so we took what we learned to come up these 10 helpful gardening tips.
Each of us has personal experiences about how a home should be lived in -- for example, some of us grew up with mothers who never let a dust mote lie, while others of us had moms who couldn't find the vacuum cleaner.
For the full tutorial, head over to HomeLife or pick up a copy of \The Homemade Home\. Have something to say? Be sure to
After a work week, it can be oddly nice to blow off some steam by tackling a DIY project -- especially one that's been languishing
Sometimes we like to daydream about running away to an exotic or far-away locale --\u00a0of course, an absolutely lovely apartment
How To Make It
To check out other photo submissions for the contest, head over to HomeMint's Facebook page. And don't forget to check out
If you are like me, dealing with old batteries can be difficult. It is important to find a proper way to dispose them, but
Now that Mother's Day is almost here, it's time to give her a great gift--a published acknowledgement that she was right
I have a lot of friends who could be called crafty. You know the type
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Justin Timberlake found his
Personalized dishware can be a little on the cheesy side (unless a kid is doing the decorating, in which case, cute!), but
It's a legitimately annoying problem
The couple worked with designers Richard Cameron and David Kleinberg, who brought romance to the property by adding a number
Being a self-employed working mom, Dean's daily schedule can be a bit jam-packed. She gets up before dawn to get started
Design Quixotic
Photos by Alexandra Brawley, courtesy of Elle Decor To find out more about what Ruby and Lola thought of the rest of Todd
When you're talking about bringing color into your home with plants, the options can sometimes be slim. Blooms can be small
Mother's Day is around the corner and if you haven't already found the ideal card, we're here to help! We've rounded up 11
What It's Worth
The manipulation of light, through the use of paints, fabrics, and lighting, should always be one of the first considerations when designing a room or a home.
For the full tutorial, head over to Sarah Ortega. To make the pendant, roll a piece of oven-bake clay into a small ball. Using
3. Avoid \decorating\ the bookshelves with lots of little knickknacks. They will look cluttered. 1. Invest in quality bookcases
Our lives are often busy, and in the rush of a day, it's easy to lose sight of who we are and who we want to be. Mementos can help us keep on an even keel and remember the roles we strive to fill. A reasonable number of reminders is best, as too many leads to visual, olfactory, and audio overload.
Enjoy this weekend a little bit more after you've tackled a few simple home fix-ups. Don't know where to begin? Look to our
Unlike most magazine's Top 100 lists, Dwell didn't just go for a rehash of famous people and places. Among the highlights
Follow these tips for a special-occasion dinner, an informal lunch, and a Sunday brunch. To read more, head over to Real
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Even more impressive, the
A hammock can be an unexpected alternative to deck chairs and adirondacks. It can serve as a quiet spot for reading a book
In this video we visit Fred Reid's West Sonoma \spiritual sanctuary\ where Scott Constable takes us for a tour inside the second growth redwood grove and up above in the roughly 200 square foot rustic, crafted home.
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Consider heavier, long-term
We've been itching to jump on the \dipped\ furniture trend for a while now (where the ends of table and chair legs are a
For the full tutorial, visit The Shabby Creek Cottage. And, be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The
On the reality television show Million Dollar Decorators, Mary McDonald won viewers with her lush and stunning design projects as well as with her biting sense of humor. Here, Mary talks about great ideas and being naughty.
For full details and guidelines on the HomeMint 'Open Call' photo contest, check out this official contest page. And, to
From the live music to the food stalls, we asked one-half of Planet Green's \The Fabulous Beekman Boys,\ Brent Ridge, to
If your glove compartment is home to fast-food ketchup packets, service receipts, expired proofs of insurance, or other detritus
How to haggle. Vendors actually expect to haggle over any given item, Cucksey says. In fact, big dealers tend to price things
What You'll Need
She fed us, she changed our diapers, she took care of us when we were sick. She deserves a \thank you\! Mother's Day is the one special day of the year when we officially thank Mom for doing her best year after year.
Now that you know the secrets to painting a finished wall, there are a few other things to keep in mind for a perfect paint
Whether you rent an apartment or own a house, you're bound to have encountered a few less than ideal home issues, like a
Wedding season is almost upon us, and we're here to help you step down the aisle in style. You've already set the date, and
I was with a client the other day and when I asked her what she wanted her garden to 'say' she responded \I want to feel
We're certainly impressed by Carlisle's new design venture and we're looking forward to seeing more from her. Check out designs
Reed-and-Grass Rocking Chair Circa 1910 Our antiques specialist, Helaine Fendelman, appraises your finds and collectibles
How To Make It
We're getting ready for flea market season here. And, we're excited that the Country Living Fair, is kicking it off this
How To Make It
SOUND INSULATION If you have a wannabe musician or podcaster around the house, you can use egg cartons as sound insulation
Apparently, the \average\ woman in the U.S. owns 17 pairs of shoes. I won't tell you where I rank but it's a big enough number that it has inspired me to create clever shoe storage solutions for the \above-average\ woman.
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Want to see more? Visit CustomMade
But with $1 to $5 incandescent bulbs to compete with, and the fact that lightbulbs are a personal choice that households
Elsewhere, slim storage (like the bookcase between the windows) act as additional display-worthy spaces for Cary's many flea
While ink blotches on machine-washable fabrics can be easy enough to clean, ink stains on your leather purse or couch may
Who said mobiles are just for babies? Etsy shows us how to create a simple paper bird contraption that all ages can enjoy
What You'll Need
Flip through the slideshow below for a peek inside Mishaan's light-filled Colombian getaway. All photos by Roger Davies, courtesy
Now that it's the weekend, it's prime time to get started on a few home improvement projects. Take these next two days and
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. We weren't the only ones impressed
Photo by Natalie of Cr\u00e8me De La Craft Turn an envelope into a trendy accessory with this Craft Of The Day. It only takes
Swap. BookMooch and PaperBack Swap are examples of online communities for exchanging used books. Users give away books for
For this project, you will need the following supplies
You don't have to be a professional floral designer to create a stunning centerpiece -- you just have to think like one. Her
Everything in Ronson's home seems almost slightly left of center -- her closet is filled with more sneakers than heels, and
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Want to see your account in
Of course, that beautiful bundle of joy is reward enough, but if there's one person who deserves a little spoiling, it's a woman who just gained 35-plus pounds!
Small toys. For blocks, Matchbox cars, and tea party essentials, use clear, lidded plastic storage boxes and store them on
Backyard water features can add a serene and organic look to any home. But, add some fire and the effects can be, well, exciting
- Get friends and other people to comment on your project. Craftfoxes will pick five finalists based on how many comments
To make upholstering easier, start by unscrewing the top of the bench. Place your foam over the top \seat\ side of the bench
Photo by Krista Jones of Bayside Bride For the full tutorial, visit Bayside Bride. And, be sure to check out the other great
For more colorful tips, just take a look through our slideshow where we've rounded up 13 ways to improve your home's curb
Photo by Leo Rosen Photo by Leo Rosen Since their flowers are so huge and heavy you will need to hold the plant up in some
Music moves us in so many ways. Why not consider having a CustomMade artisan create a music-inspired custom project, anything from custom furniture to custom jewelry to custom guitars, that's also an ode to a song or artist you love?
Home cooks, rejoice! Your used aluminum cookware can look like new -- no scrubbing required. There is a way to remove stains
To see the more videos featuring designers sharing their tried-and-true decorating tips, head over to housebeautiful.com
How To Make It
When it comes to putting clothes away, most of us feel like we could definitely use a little more closet space. That's why
The flowers are blooming and the weather is warmer -- let's spring into action! Here are a few of my tried and true designer tips for getting your outdoor area ready for spring.

Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know and please take a minute to rate your favorite slides
So the next time you're putting off your cleaning chores, turn up the bass or put in earphones and let the music move you
Want to see more? Visit CustomMade to browse for more of these amazing and unique works, or check out these other creations
For a full tutorial, visit Love & Rosen. And, be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow
Piero Fornasetti was a genius. The prolific Italian artist was a sculptor, an interior decorator and designer of dreams.
Sweet, happy, forever giving trees with no 'malice' -- the crabapple's prolific bloom is one of many reasons why this tree
What You'll Need
Chances are you probably have an old trophy or two collecting dust on a shelf somewhere. Why not put all that hardware to
Consider the materials. Planters made from wood and metal are affordable and easy to move around. Wood is porous so it provides
Photograph your old home before you leave, with and without your furnishings. Take photos from your old windows of the views
Flip through the slideshow below for a peek inside the couple's grand New Jersey estate. All photos by William Waldron, courtesy
Photo by Jen Yates of EPBOT Easy and efficient, we can see why this DIY sandal holder would be popular among shoe lovers
When it comes to tackling those lingering home fixer-uppers, there's no better time than the weekend. If you haven't already
These glass magnets aren't just decorative--they're useful too. Use old pages from magazines to make this pretty and practical
In the end, Young has created a home that best reflects his personality. And, Spaces wants to convey the same message, says
Indoor outdoor living has become a popular idea in many homes over the past few years, how does this special Dwell Outdoor
First, gather your supplies. For this project, you will need
A cozy breakfast nook is proof that when it comes to smart design, bigger isn't always better. These charming kitchen niches
As much as we may try to live organized, clutter-less lives, there are some things we just can't part with. Magazines are
You'll never lose your page again with this Craft Of The Day. This clever, no-slip bookmark stretches to fit any size book
In this week's Hot On Pinterest, we introduce you to five pinners whose boards feature slightly unusual finds and tips. From
It's a special thing to do what you love. And, for Etsy seller and accessory designer Yokoo Gibraan, she can't imagine doing
The Homeowners
Flickr photo by JasonLangheine Clean the lid. Getting paint off the lip of the can creates an airtight seal. The key to storing
For a colorful alternative to neutrals, opt for more muted blush tones. Beigy-pinks and peaches are more understated and
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Schwartz, who is a lover of
The line just launched, but Sears is already offering 30 percent off products, plus free shipping on items of $49 or more
Our arresting bit of visual mixology, another flight back in time, was modeled by Karl L. H. M\u0171ller (1820-1887). As the Duchess says to Alice in Wonderland, \Everything's got a moral if only you can find it.\
To see the full how-to for creating the flowers and cloche look, head over to One Kings Lane's Live.Love.Home. Have something
What It's Worth
The next time you uncover old and unused things while cleaning your home, consider donating them to your local animal shelter
Dish towels don't have to be drab. You can easily brighten them up with this Craft Of The Day. Sew on colorful strips of

PLEASE NOTE that Zuburbia does not endorse the use of fur, feathers, leather or animal skins in home decor. Any of these
5. Any \if\ statement such as, \I'd wear that if I ever go on a cruise to Alaska.\ Unless you already have your tickets in
As part of my spring cleaning, I realized something
We love the seamless look of this unusual \Estrella\ coffee table, which almost looks like a piece of paper balancing on
Photo by Erica Chan Coffman of Honestly WTF Few things feel more glamourous than wearing a sparkly pair of heels. But rather
Q
Decide on big or small pendants. A single big pendant light is great for an entryway where one source of lighting is often
All photos by Scott Newett In each photograph, spoons double as bow ties, teacups transform into dainty-looking hats and
Indoor flowers and plants can also have a calming effect, helping you recover after exercises like a morning jog. On a different
If you're looking to make small upgrades, Gilt Home, the popular flash sale site, might have just what you're looking for
You love your kitchen, but not your kitchen cabinets.  It's a common problem and one that can be solved in one weekend! How? By simply painting them, and updating the hardware.
Easter weekend is finally here, but in case you're still scrambling to find last-minute decorating ideas, look no further
Spring is always so exciting with fresh green popping up everywhere in nature. As I enjoy this dose of fresh green tones outdoors I thought, why not bring a little of that inside to decorate your home?
For a full tutorial, visit Nest Of Posies. And, be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow
Easter crafts don't get much simpler -- or cuter -- than these rice-filled sock bunnies. We can't get over those lovable
Save your hands from the mess of dyeing eggs this year by filling your Easter basket with a dozen... tulips! This blooming
After a series of freezer break-ins, a family caught a small-time offender on camera. His name? Oscar, and he's a cat burglar
Photo by Shelly Leer of ModHomeEc Photo by Shelly Leer of ModHomeEc 1. Cut a square piece of fabric large enough upholster
An overhanging branch has dripped tree sap all over your parked car. Or, you've just driven through wet tar and now there's
A kitchen can come in all shapes and sizes, but no matter what it's still the one place in the house where everyone seems
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Kitchen 1. Wipe down the freezer
There's so much to work on now that the temperature is warmer. And although it may be nicer to work outdoors, we can't forget
Gambrel and his interior spaces commands multiple editorial pages in shelter and decorating magazines because he deftly combines smart and beautiful design with functionality.
Jelly beans aren't just for filling Easter baskets. You can use them to decorate too! Not only are these whimsical springtime
If you have kids in the house or have friends with young children who visit your place often, it's almost inevitable that
We love having fresh flowers around--especially on Easter! Our craft stylist Shana Ecker was the mastermind behind these
Looking for a few pointers? Click through the slideshow to see our color palette inspired by bright yellow flowers along
Vanessa Rae
Full disclosure
Photo by Sibylle of Funky Time for Today's Creative Blog What You'll Need
For a full tutorial, visit The Single Nester. And, be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow
You know what they say--one man's trash is another man's treasure. Just ask one lucky British collector Andy Fields, who
The shrimp plant, Justicia brandegeeana, makes me think of an early evening summer cocktail party with an exotic guest list
Many of us likely still have camera photographs stashed away somewhere in our homes. And chances are some of those photos
Painting the walls in your home may seem like an easy enough project. Just apply and wait until it dries, right? Not quite
To read the full article see more images of David's home, head over to California Home + Design. If his elegant evening dresses
This year, avoid the mess that comes with dyeing Easter eggs. Instead, try decorating them with paper flowers for an elegant
GET READY, GET SET, BID!!! To receive the eBay Roundup of Vintage Home Finds via email, sign up for Zuburbia's mailing list
What You'll Need
Photo by CustomMade artisan Turner Custom Furniture Sleek, modern and completely unexpected, this unique conversation piece
To do this project, you will need a paper bag, a glue gun, some clothes pins and a bright piece of ribbon. Start by drawing
Everything from the decade of casseroles and the Brady Bunch was done with bright colors in big ways. In your garden you
We've all been there before
What You'll Need
Go for sides and handles. Serving trays with raised sides (at least 2\ high) are especially useful since they help keep drinks
And, in curating its selections, Standford tells us that they worked with vintage dealers from across the world \to ensure
Decorating a new home, whether it's your first or your fourth, can be really stressful or a lot of fun. It's totally up to you. The key is to enjoy the process, keep things in perspective and not to spend money you don't have.
To anchor the sitting area in the room, a three-seat sofa and an armchair with removable slipcovers were brought in. For
Zombies in the vegetable patch? Don't panic. This isn't some zany science experiment--it's just recycling old produce. By
Although these charming decorations were intended for a christening party, the pastel palette and accents are perfect for
This weekend, catch up on a few home fix-me-ups you've been putting off. Where to begin? Start off with any of our latest
Celebrities need their privacy, and these luxurious bathrooms offer the perfect retreat from all the hustle and bustle of
You don't have to go outside to enjoy a beautiful day--you just need one of these bright and breezy sunrooms. A light-filled
If you haven't gotten around to giving your home a good spring cleaning just yet, don't worry, we've got you covered. We've
Who doesn't love a good party? Although what makes a party fun is different for everyone, we're going to venture to say that
Add a touch of spring to your place settings this Easter with these charming napkin rings. The cheerful nests will look playful
Follow these simple tips and watch your outdoor space turn into the relaxing space you had always envisioned.
For more about the pitcher plant, read our care tips. Gardening may never get so easy. In the video above, HGTV shows us
As a woman and a jewelry designer, I understand what it means to adorn a woman's body with my pieces,\ Amrita told me. \Now, I'm working with a larger canvas -- a woman's home -- and there is no better way to engage a woman's soul than to help her adorn her home.\
Below, the writer and lifestyle guru talks about being well-dressed and what a disaster this world would be if there were
Easter candy is plentiful at your local shops, so I'm going to help you with the non-sugar part of filling your Easter baskets. Why? Because one or two sugarless treats make every basket more sweet.
There is a baby boom in Hollywood that shows no sign of slowing down. Just like we are influenced by celebrities in fashion choices, the influence of how they deck out their babies' nurseries is ever present now more than ever!
For a full tutorial, visit A Subtle Revelry. And, be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow
Flickr photo by Sommer Poquette Don't let frozen food spoil and go to waste. Enjoy your leftovers before it expires while
Looking for some inspiration for your next get-together? Search no further than Pinterest, the popular site that lets you
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Maia McDonald
Drawing inspiration from the many different shades of shoes in the photo, we came up with this stylish color palette. Click
Trippy 3D Floor Painting - Curbed Michelle Obama Answers Your Questions - PopSugar Recycle Your Electronics Into Furniture
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. To read the full article and
Who says business cards have to be boring? When it comes to networking, first impressions are everything. Don't be caught
Methodology
How To Make It
Gold. Mix a few drops of dish detergent into a small bowl of club soda. Let it soak for five to 10 minutes. Then, with a
Here is a houseplant that boasts both form and flower. What more could you want? Adenium is a broad genus of plants that
Is your home in need of a bit of a spring refresh? If so, you may want to check out a few of the colourful and vibrant items
For the most part, Janet Lee has always remained behind the scenes of things, even when she worked as a television producer
Here's a twist we didn't see coming! This stunning bench, created by CustomMade artisan Kino Guerin, is made from laminated
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Size matters. A wire hanger
We can think of some better uses for those old socks you have lying around. Flickr photo by George Eastman House CELL PHONE
Today's selections include pieces by George Nelson, Nanny Still, Arabia, Stig Lindberg and Dansk. Be sure to check out the gorgeous Danish Modern teak desk, the unique Art Nouveau elephant clock and set of French miniature portraits.
Part of the reason Van Der Rohe work has long been so popular with culture-minded travelers is that there is so much of it
To do the project, you are going to need a 14-inch round mirror, wood glue and spray paint. You will also need several packs
'Like I drink coffee at a coffee table anyway,' she said. It started with coffee tables. I had been working on a design project
Flickr photo by closet factory Editing your closet seasonally is a great way to regularly cull your wardrobe. This is the
Photo by Michele McDonald of The Scrap Shoppe Blog What You\u2019ll Need
Now that spring is here, we're looking at ways to bring cheery color and a touch of the outdoors into our homes. And, the
Next up, it was necessary to tackle the cubby-like opening next to Anthony's bed. To make better use of this recessed space
Spruce up your home for spring with our Weekend DIYs. We've culled together 10 home improvement ideas that will ready your
It's been more than a year since we last saw the likes of Don Draper -- and if you ask us, that's a year too long. Thankfully
Whether you're repurposing a thrift store find or trying to salvage your old childhood dresser, don't waste time tediously
If you're anything like us, you've been counting down the days until Mad Men's season 5 premiere since, I don't know, the
The House Of Blues It's rare to see color in the luxury retailer's arsenal, but indigo is making its way on to Restoration
Photo by Ashley Johnston of Make It And Love It What You\u2019ll Need
This Craft Of The Day will have everyone wanting to know where you got your shoes. Although it requires a bit of sewing, you
It looks like these pet owners are barking up the wrong tree -- and this stubborn pooch won't stand for it! In a hilarious
Several years ago Atelierdorp, a collective of designers from all parts of the world, set up shop with work studios inside
Remove hair strands. Man or woman, you're bound to have hair wrapped around the bristles. Simply use a comb to rake through
As a decorator to the rich, the famous and often eccentric I swear I've heard it all. I've been asked to decorate around a painting, a chandelier, a pet dog and even a chair. This month marks a first. I was asked to decorate around a writer -- but not just any writer!
We're so often inundated with home-related books that it's easy to miss the diamond in the rough. Thus, an interesting title
As someone who worked in a cubicle for many years at ELLE magazine, I was struck by the airy, expansive design by Masamichi Udagawa and Sigi Moeslinger.
What You\u2019ll Need
In light of the new season of 'Mad Men' kicking off on Sunday, March 25, we're taking a second glance at Kiernan Shipka's
For a full tutorial, visit Just A Girl. And, be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow
Today's selections include pieces by Fenton, Ernest Sohn, Tony Paul, Stin Lindberg and Howard Miller. Be sure to check out
Want to see more? Visit CustomMade to browse for more of these amazing and unique works, or check out these other creations
As they say, inspiration comes from all places, and we found ours in today's Google Doodle, which features Marimekko designs
However, men do spend more time cleaning and doing chores than ever before. Nowadays, four out of 10 households share cleaning
SH
The weather is getting warmer, the days are getting longer, and that can only mean one thing--spring is finally here! Although
So what is baking soda? Scientifically speaking, it is sodium bicarbonate. But for most of us, it is something we always
Have something to say? Be sure to check out Stylelist Home on Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. For a peek inside designer
Delicate fabrics such as linen, silk, taffeta, and chiffon, as well as beaded or otherwise ornamental garments, require special
Let's face it, the 'average guy' is not too keen on home decorating--especially if it involves floral wallpaper. But, that
How To Make It
The prep. Before you start the sanding process though, make sure your floor hasn't been sanded too many times before. A good
Houzz, the popular hub for all things interior design and inspiring home photos, has announced 210 amazing spaces for their
Flip through the slideshow below to see some of our favorite picks for porch lights in the marketplace now. What are other
Flickr photo by storebukkebruse Spring cleaning is a mood booster. Be it our homes or offices, the psychological payoffs
The best pieces can be uncovered from the unlikeliest of places -- just ask Hannah Flora, who found this worn wooden cart
Pendant lights are no longer just for the kitchen. Hanging pendant lights are popping up all over the home from  bedroom designs to living rooms.
In this installment of Weekend DIYs, we round up nine more ways to spruce up your home. From a forgotten home security tool
Prince Charles made his official rounds at the Ideal Home Show in London Friday, touring exhibits, testing furniture, and
You don\u2019t need a leprechaun\u2019s luck to create this adorable Craft Of The Day. With just a bit of shamrock green paint, you
Tired of your same old, same old living room? Give your tired, ordinary space some new, extraordinary style -- without spending
Have an old dining room chair that you don't know what to do with? Don't throw it out -- transform it. With a few easy steps
With the average kitchen remodel costing over $50,000, you may think updating your outdated space is not affordable. But
Whether it features a standard step-in shower or a soaking tub, the bathroom is the one place that should help you feel relaxed
3. Replace overhead lighting with modern fixtures that illuminate upwards for an ambiance that is more flattering. 1. Take
Everything looks better with a little color, right? And sure, a coat of bold, fresh paint is a great option. But for those
Ready to throw a party? Take a look at three easy ways to transform your outdoor space into a party-ready space. When preparing
Bet you didn't think you could create a headboard for just a few dollars, right? Here is a DIY project that will not only
Need extra storage and seating in your bedroom or family room? With a little creativity, your furniture can often serve more
Sometimes, a little TLC is all your tired windows need for a much-needed facelift. By using three different materials, you
Having company this weekend? Take a cue from professional decorator, Kelly Edwards, as she turns a plain ol' guest room into
Now that we've covered all our bases, flip through the slideshow below to learn how to quickly clean your home, room by room
Plain fabrics don't have to be so, well, plain. In this short video, designer Kelly Edwards shows you three quick and easy
No doubt, walls are just more interesting with color. But, before you grab that can of chili pepper red, let Kelly Edwards
What a difference cabinets can make to your kitchen! But what if you don't have thousands of dollars to replace them? Watch
Wondering how you could possibly decide on a new rug with all of the choices out there? Learn how how to use carpet tiles
Are you an office pack rat? Do you have files, papers, pens and calendars taking over your space? Are you living in a sea
Is your bedroom tighter than you would like? Do you lack adequate storage? If so, here you will find easy steps to create
Changing the look of a room doesn't have to cost a lot of time or money. Most lighting makeovers are easy, do-it-yourself
Are you in hate with your ugly, old refrigerator? Just because it doesn't match the rest of your stainless steel appliances
CEO and co-founder Ben Silbermann announced plans for the redesign earlier this week at the South By Southwest conference
The five baseballers' homes that Curbed covered yesterday don't hold a candle to this
Damp towel. For deeper dents, lay a moist hand towel over the dent. On medium heat, gently iron over the towel. The fibers
If you're a fan of the fashion on Mad Men, get ready for the fifth season premiering March 25th, and an opportunity to bring that classic style into your home.
Although her clients definitely wanted to bring coastal style to their landlocked home, there was no concrete inspiration
After we took a closer look at how ruby red can make our homes seem brighter, we've been thinking about the benefits of other
Alli Worthington
Take one look at British artist Rob Ryan's intricate paper artwork, and you'll see why it's all about nostalgia for him. Working
For a full tutorial, visit Calico Skies. And, be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow
Everyone is getting a little restless for spring and judging by the weather it is not going to take that much longer -- spring
Winners are on a first-come first-serve basis, but whomever grabs the Modesto (pictured above), Arhaus' lime green butterfly
San Francisco is a hub for many design- and DIY-lovers. And, one of the city's well-known talents is Kelly Malone, who runs
But since we're all striving for a cleaner, more organized and balanced life, we've culled together six reasons why making
Deeply satisfying sex is all about connecting and finding that connection on many different levels -- the more, the better. More levels yield more connections, and more ways to connect necessarily yield better sex. The same is true for gardening with native rather than non-native plants.
Additionally, there is the \strong unquestioning level of quality\ of American furniture ensured by federal safety regulations
Photo by Arica Rosenthal of Love And Rosen What You\u2019ll Need
What are your favorite other uses for toothpaste? Share them in the comments. We all know that toothpaste helps keep your
As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. Want to add some
Double check dimensions. Bookcases vary greatly in sizes, so it's important to choose one that fits your room. Always take
While Shopping Know unit costs and price compare. Warehouse clubs can offer deep savings, but they do not accept manufacturer's
How To Make It
Dee's artwork is just as varied as her home pieces. She creates abstract minimalist paintings in bold colors as well as graphic
All photos by Bobby Doherty Group like things. After you're done clearing up a space, order things by type. It'll help you
Spring is (almost) in the air! To get in the mood, I quickly crafted these bloom-topped wine stoppers to dress up my bar
Maybe it has to do with Dorothy and The Wonderful Wizard Of Oz, but without a doubt there's something magical about ruby
Let's face it, who doesn't love Liza Minnelli? She's a great performer, she's Judy Garland's daughter, and she has a totally
Can you believe that these bracelets are made from Popsicle sticks? Yes, it's true. You can mold Popsicle sticks into a round
Kim Kardashian is not the first person I'd go to for home decor inspiration, but maybe she should be. Have you seen her shoe
Spend the next few work-less days enhancing your home with our weekend DIY ideas. As we begin to experience unpredictable
Enhance your slumber and get a restful night's sleep with this Craft Of The Day. Though it requires some sewing, this eye
These days it seems like people spend more time at their work desks than they do anywhere else. We can certainly relate -- last
Do you have a home story idea or tip? Email us at homesubmissions@huffingtonpost.com. (PR pitches sent to this address will
Be it a tiny room in a house or a shoebox-sized apartment, decorating small living spaces is always a challenge. While the
What happens when an interior designer like Lorenzo Castillo stumbles upon a building that was formerly a convent in the
Comfy accoutrements. To let go and fully immerse yourself in a story, you need to be comfortable. And whether that's on your
With the changing of seasons, there's no better time to dress your windows with new curtains. Switching out thicker drapes
Fashion Week came and went in New York, but we're still thinking about some of our favorite looks from the runway. For example
Photo by Julie Astrauckas of Julie Ann Art How To Make It 1. Draw your desired design directly on to the matte side of the
For many DIYers and craftsmen who have made a name for themselves, what are now successful businesses for them often began
Are we missing any? Let us know in the comments. Acrylic Floor Finish. A water-based solution, which is often used on wooden
What You'll Need Wool felt Cotton ribbon Bead Trim Twill tape Button Thread Shoestring elastic How To Make It 1. Make a cursive
I love the color green. It always makes me think of spring which, this time of year, is very welcome! What better time to collect my favorite emerald-hued gift ideas that are sublime for St. Patrick's Day or any day?
To get the look, start by screwing pipe clamps to an old shelf or a reclaimed wooden plank. Then, locate the perfect wall
DISCLOSURE
Gift Holder If you go to a thrift store, you can find some great unintentionally ironic mugs. You can cheer up a coworker
Interior designer Kelly Wearstler recently designed her second collection of dinnerware and mugs for the fine china company
We've come across a good number of unique tables, but this beautiful piece by CustomMade artisan Fred Brandes caught our
When it comes to cleaning supplies, we've found that some of the most effective ones are everyday household items that we
Flickr photo by brianwc Nepenthes (or pitcher plant) is a genus of carnivorous, mostly vining, tropical plants native to
What it is
-Passport -Document organizer (for tickets, itineraries, etc.) -Vaccination record -Leftover foreign currency in labeled
Here's your chance to switch up your furniture without spending a penny (seriously). The Minneapolis-based furniture company
While built-in kitchen islands are great, they tend to work best in large open kitchens. Plus, installation can often mean
What You'll Need Spoons Metal primer spray-paint Spray-paint Painter's tape Sandwich bag Photo by Christy Cook of Creatively
Here's a fun and creative idea for your next get-together, whatever the occasion may be. Serve desserts with push-up pops
The Aktiv concept might not please everyone. For those who think IKEA's maze-like stores are frustrating, or that a single
Though it's most definitely a statement piece, the color of the melted crayons is stunning. (No wonder it's been re-pinned
It seems like every kid (and adult too!) craves a cozy little space to hide away. So why not create one that's especially
Sometimes there's just not enough time during the workdays to accomplish even the simplest diy home projects. Thankfully
When your front door is full of cracks, or the laminant has worn off, and it's simply beyond repair, it's time to replace
Hiring someone to install a plasma television can be expensive. Consider doing it yourself with our expert's advice, and
No media room is complete without great lighting. With track lighting that you can control with a dimmer, you can create
Sometimes, a pile of loose firewood can be an eyesore next to an elegeant fireplace. Consider building a beautiful wooden
Don't spend big bucks for a beautiful mantel shelf. Make your own! Try using clear pine that you can stain. It's easy to
A Christmas tree can be the focal point of room during holidays. Why not prop it up on a pedestal on display, while creating
Traditionally, garages are so poorly organized that homeowners can't park their cars where they're meant to be parked. Learn
Do you have an awkward nook in your home that you aren't quite sure what to do with? Consider transforming it into an efficient
Join us for painting 101. We've got everything you need to know about prepping and painting a room in just a few easy steps
Fun for the whole family, a tree swing makes a lovely addition to the backyard. With the right tools and wood, you can build
With a few simple (and fun!) techniques, you can transform a new piece of furniture into an aged beauty.
Dining outdoors is always a lovely experience for the family. Why not try building your own picnic table? With these step
Create an escape for your children with a backyard sandbox. It's fun, creative, and easy to do with these simple instructions
If you're a parent, chances are you need help controlling chaos and clutter. Build a storage bench that can double as seating
Get the right tools. According to Desrosiers, the wrong paint supplies can make even the most high-quality paint look bad
There's No Place Like Here
An easy improvement to your garage floor is to apply epoxy paint. It's great because it's anti-skid and stain-resistant! Plus
Eric shows us how to bring new life and beauty to any table you may have in your home. Get his professional advice in this
A Ground Fault Circuit Interrupter are designed to prevent fatal shock from electrical currents. These are important to have
The bathroom is a space that could benefit from extra organization and storage. Learn how to add some to yours without a
A mailbox adds curb-appeal and is easy and inexpensive to set up. Learn how to do it here!
Swap out an existing overhead lighting fixture with a chandelier. It's beautiful, elegant, and best, it's easy to do with
Set up a home theater system the whole family can enjoy complete with all of the essentials
Maybe it was the kids or maybe it with the dog, but suddenly there are holes in the screen door. Relax! There's no need to
You've got a broken sink. Now what? Before you call a plumber, take a stab at it and try to repair it with these helpful
If you're thinking about painting your house, it's important to know that 80% of the work lies in preparation. Learn what
Nothing makes your home look better than a brand new floor. Learn how to install one on your own with Eric's easy how-to
Routine repair and cleaning of your gutter is vital to maintaining your home. Eric shows you how to do that here.
The kitchen is the heart of the home, here are a couple of things you can do to make it more functional and organized without
Pathway and landscape lighting can improve the curb appeal of you home. Learn how easy it is to install.
A water feature can add beauty and interest to any yard or patio. It's fun and easy, let Eric Stromer show you how.
Leaky faucets can do damage to your water bill. Follow these simple steps to fix the problem.
Keep your family and belongings safe. Learn to install a deadbolt lock yourself.
A lawn adds curb appeal to any home, but eventually all grass gets dead or bald spots. They're easy to patch up! Learn the
Do you have an outdated wood panel wall in your home? Eric shows you how to patch, prime, and paint it to create a fresh
Eric shows you how to easily install crown molding to add a little oomph to your home!
Our resident expert Eric Stromer shows you how to build a scratching post.
Nearly everyone has a home irrigation system has experienced a broken sprinkler head. No need to hire an expensive pro when
Having great landscaping around your home is the easiest way to add curb appeal. Learn how to do it here with Eric's helpful
Photo by Abbey Hendrickson Do you have any words of advice for those who want to hang wallpaper? I watched several YouTube
Though it sounds like a small change, one of the best accessories for changing up the look in a room is a decorative pillow
Further, pinning things from the internet onto boards is a great way to minimize paper clutter. Just ask Centsational Girl's
While spring might not be here quite yet -- the taste of young asparagus and English peas is still slightly out of reach
Petroleum Jelly. For patent leather, a little dab of petroleum jelly will make shoes good as new. Simply apply to a cloth
I don't have any medical cures for cabin fever, but I do have a handful of easy and affordable decorating ideas to brighten your mood.
It's a list, she says, that has yet to be seen on the pages of a major design magazine, crediting instead bloggers like Pink
To garden now or not to garden now...that seems to be the question we're asking on these warm winter days. While we're convinced
Bring a touch of nature to your desk with this Craft Of The Day. Though it does involve some very light wood working, this
Syngonanthus chrysanthus 'Mikado', or as we have dubbed it at the shop 'Disco Alien Plant', always seems to fascinate everyone
The idea, which has been described as \Groupon in reverse,\ allows merchants to be more proactive in gaining customer interest
Here's evidence to the power of Tide laundry detergent...beyond clothes. Use it to clean up jet fuel spilled on a racetrack
Seemingly off-kilter, this ammunition box hallway or sofa table from CustomMade artisan tim sway perspectives definitely
March in the Napa Valley is a sure sign to us all that spring is on its way. I'm inspired by March to attack that sorely needed spring-cleaning process.
As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. Which item is your
Kitchen Scrapers Need something to scrape out food that's been fused to a bake dish? An old compact disc to the rescue. Using
As a craft stylist, my favorite materials to work with are ones that are a. unexpected and b. free! Pinterest, therefore
What You'll Need Scissors Canvas Patterned fabric Dowel rods Sewing machine Thread Ruler Cherish every precious moment with
We got a chance to catch up with the man in the awesome suit...and asked him some very unconventional questions. Here's what
Flickr photo by kevinzim A
Keep all your sink accessories neat with a sink organizer that holds dish soap, scrubbers, and sponge in one contained unit
Consider a silk pillowcase. It's a big investment, but you may think about trying silk even if it's just for the one pillowcase
One thing that a garden designer always has to keep in mind when creating a landscape is having four seasons of interest
There's something absolutely mesmerizing about the porcelain flowers by the Ukraine-born artist Vladimir Kanevsky who is
We skittered out onto the unfathomably vast valley floor and into the mosaic of plants, grading from green to ochre to gray, surrounded by chains of rough, largely unvegetated mountains. Although we still had a couple miles to go before reaching environmental artist Michael Heizer's Double Negative, it felt as if we had arrived  We were suddenly plunged into the landscape, rather than driving on a paved road, looking at it.
This week, we've profiled the five Pinterest accounts you need to follow. And now, we present you with one of the most repinned
It's the weekend, which means you have two work-free days to conquer some simple but much-needed projects around the house
What do you think of these posters? Do you think it's an authentic set? Let us know in comments below. Also, watch the video
During this time of the year here in Los Angeles, everything stops for the Oscars.  At least for some of us. Greece?  Spain?  Italy?  You must be talking about a foreign film nomination, not the economic crises.  Los Angeles is a film industry city.
One look at the countless home blogs out there and you'll quickly see that there are no hard and fast rules to live by when
Architectural Digest tapped interior designer Waldo Fernandez to create the Oscar's green room for the 2012 Academy Awards
There's nothing more frustrating than cloudy streak-ridden windows and mirrors, especially after you've just cleaned them
The pinnacle of award season comes to a head at the Oscars this Sunday, giving you a good excuse to have a few people over
- Always measure art that you're hanging with a ruler or tape measurer. If it's going above a fireplace mantel you want to
SH
How To Make It 1. Press down hard with the crayons as you scribble across the bag. 2. Use the knife or sharpener to make
\It is an odd thing to have a creative collaboration with a dog,\ says Anne. But not so odd to Bean, who is always poised
In times of home disarray, sometimes it's best to attack clutter by putting in place an organizational system. Whether it's
For a full tutorial, visit Sarah Ortega. And, be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow
Natalie Norus Her blog Mint Love Social Club is a daily read for us, for its wonderfully distracting mix of entertaining
Though choosing new cabinets can be a tall task, picking out cabinet knobs is a whole different story. We think of pulls
If you love old-timey Paris, or just Paris in general, then you'll love what the flash sale site Gilt Home has coming up
One glance through ELLE Decor's March 2012 issue and you can see why the magazine is at the top of the shelter category
What You'll Need Mason jar with lid Hole punch Fabric Fabric glue Straw Spray paint (optional) How To Make It 1. Make a hole
Think about door style. Needless to say, your door style will greatly determine the look of the completed kitchen. Many homes
Here's something a little different from all the home design flash sale sites that have been popping up. Casa.com is a new
Last week at Sprout Home we received a shipment of Stephanotis floribunda, or Madagascar jasmine, and since that delivery
Whether you're short on time or don't have an iron, there is no longer an excuse for creased and crumpled clothes. We've
Which item is your favorite? Leave me a comment below to let me know and please take a minute to rate your favorite slides
Located in the up-and-coming London neighborhood of Dalston, the cafe Tina, We Salute You is a popular coffee shop turned
How To Make It 1. Cut long horizontal 1.5-inch-wide strips from a t-shirt. 2. Cut the paper roll to your desired width of
Improvise containers. Look to the kitchen or other rooms for creative ones. A wide ceramic mug or canning jar can serve as
Q
Oh, Presidents Day. A time to honor our leaders, past and present, or reflect on the history of our great country. Or, a
From home magazine redesigns to shelter web site facelifts, 2012 is looking more and more like a promising year of changes
It's official. House Beautiful's new Spring Color issue just hit newsstands this week and it's all about green, which they're
If you have Presidents Day off, you have more than enough time to tackle a few simple fix-me-ups around the house this weekend
Did you know that Presidents Day sales are expected to be better than Black Friday? We did our research in preparation of
Although these outdated color and decor choices are not complete deal breakers in a home, a pink bathroom or a burnt umber
For a full tutorial, visit Stars For Streetlights. And, be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day
Find the water source. Fix any water leaks that could be sourcing the moisture. This will stop re-infestation. If humidity
We obviously love Dwell, so we're inclined to take note of the magazine whenever we see it out and about -- like at airports
Clearly, we take extra effort to stay on top of everything that's IKEA -- whether it means sifting through all their products
Though we honor our nation's greatest leaders, President's Day tends to mean two things to most people
In order to provide clients with a \simple user experience\ architects must begin to take responsibility for the entire process of design and construction.
We love a good bargain, and really, who doesn't? Which is why stores like TJ Maxx and Marshalls are irresistible to us, with
It might have been because of Valentine's Day, but upon my most recent visit to our Williamsburg, Brooklyn outpost of Sprout
Open publication - Free publishing Issue No. 6 Trailer from Anthology Magazine on Vimeo. Inside the pages, you'll be introduced
While it's hard to achieve the warmth of home from having loved ones around, we as hotel design professionals are creating an alternate that is more personal and welcoming than before.
What You'll Need Stencil Fabric paint Foam brush Painter's tape Curtain panels Cardboard How To Make It 1. Place cardboard
There's something undeniably soothing about seeing ceramic artist Kim Westad at work in her studio. \I love the idea and
We don't have to tell you that sink, toilet and shower clogs are an inconvenience, especially if slow water drainage leaves
Fran\u00e7ois Halard for Architectural Digest. The most captivating room is in Von Furstenberg's office/living area, where the
To find out what all the LED hype was about, I headed down the hall to our light bulb buyer's office to round up a handful of LED bulbs and get a quick LED light bulb lesson.
While a little bizarre, this cityscape coffee table from CustomMade Artisan Scott Cawood Metal Artist is definitely unique
There are many occasions when a plant's leaf is more intriguing than its flower -- introducing the Copperleaf. The Acalypha
How To Make It 1. (Optional) Paint the cardboard. 2. Glue or tape the end of a string of yarn to the back of the letter. 3
As I was leaving I realized what a wonderful evening this had been and how it reminded me of just how important the holistic relationship of art to space, time and surroundings really is.
Meet Gabrielle Hamilton, owner of New York's Prune restaurant -- and House Beautiful's 2012 Food Columnist (shown here with
Know the dog bed types. For dogs that enjoy rolling around and sleeping on their backs, a standard large round or square
Handbags are often a microcosm of one's life in general. The same rules of organization still apply
Though the big trend of Fall 2012 Fashion Week seems to be models falling, we're talking about all the bright hues spotted
It's hard to ignore the calendar, but, um...we've all been guilty of not realizing a holiday is upon us until it's almost
Photo courtesy Cheryl Somers What are your favorite uses for coffee grounds? Share them in the comments! Garden Helper. When
As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. This eclectic mix
For a full tutorial, visit Fellow Fellow. And, be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow
Daniel Moyer is a great example of a contemporary, high caliber design creative who employs wood furniture craftsmanship techniques of the highest order.
Turn convention on its head with this unique Valentine's Day gift idea that puts a whole bunch of trinkets in one compact
All it takes is a few small steps to make your machines work better, last longer and use less energy. Get them here.
Rodents can be a real nuisance once they find a way into your home. Learn how you can stop them from getting in at all.
Learn about the different types of smart light switches that are on the market and everything you need to know to install
When you go out of town you want to be assured your home is safe and that you won't return to any major disasters. Learn
Did you know that it's just as important to clean and seal your driveway as it is to clean and seal the deck around your
Eric Stromer shows us how to easily repair and re-grout the tile in a kitchen or bathroom. Learn how to do it in this video
Side Sleeper. The most common sleeping style, side sleepers require a mattress that doesn't put stress on their shoulders
What You'll Need Dried lavender Fabric scraps Needle and thread Pinking shears (optional) Photo by Cate Holst of Go Make
Drip irrigation is a more efficient way to bring water to your plants. Here, Eric shows you how to install a simple battery
If you have a hole in your drywall and have yet to repair it, consider this DIY project -- fix damaged drywall without a
Looking for a way to update your bedroom? A platform bed looks great and provides excellent support. Plus, it eliminates
Raising chickens is a hobby that is gaining more and more popularity. It will pay off with food for your family and fertilizer
All the best places in town are already booked for Valentine's Day, huh?  Well, there's still one place very close by that you may not have considered
A window box can enhance the overall appeal of your home and give your plants a great place to live. Eric shows you how to
Installing a pavers patio is a great, durable way to create a walkway through your garden.
Climbing vibes can be trained to wrap around an arbor, pergola or other structures. Here's how!
Fruit trees are a fantastic part of any yard or garden. Regular pruning and proper care will help your tree produce delicious
Did you know that every 20 seconds, the fire department responds to a fire somewhere in the nation? Here are things you can
Replace your bathroom faucet to give the room a new look.
Organic gardening practices are gaining popularity as more people realize the benefits. Your plants will be healthier and
Repair and reseal the cracks and holes in your driveway to make it look its best.
Want to protect your home from harmful ultraviolet rays, reduce glare and improve the overall energy efficiency of your home
Turns out there's a slight difference when it comes to how women and men approach home improvements and decorating at home
Let's be honest, the love and romance surrounding Valentine's Day is great and all, but we're totally looking forward to
Despite a growing awareness of the environmental and economic benefits of using reclaimed wood for furniture, obstacles to its wider acceptance persist.
Instead of the cold, cool foreground buildings presented, not one of which seems to owe anything to the rich and storied context of the Brooklyn waterfront, we might have had an entirely unique building infused with historic relevance, texture, and presence.
You've withstood the test of time. Keep rocking steady all year long with these tips and examples of my favorite Valentine's Day gifts for husbands.
The Dilemma
You already know that handmade gifts feel more heartfelt than storebought--we don't really need to tell you that. But if
Muscat has been caught and is facing charges. But all that is quite the elaborate operation, if you ask us. And we're still
Ceiling fans. The tops of ceiling fan blades are so overlooked that a thick layer of dust, resembling mold on ripe fruit
Photo by Brooke Winters of Spruce Your Nest For more photos and spoon-bending tips, visit Spruce Your Nest. And, be sure
We're dreaming of... a Valentine's night spent in one of these luxurious bedrooms! With the big day right around the corner
Here at Stylelist Home, we're big proponents of secondhand items, because we love thinking of the different \lives\ they
- 'Boob' Lamps This typical ceiling lamps (featuring a domed shade) often have more opaque covers, so we suggest using a
What You'll Need Chalkboard paint Pendant necklace (this is a bezel pendant on a chain) Ribbon Glue Painter's tape Chalk
Choosing paint palettes in-store can get a little overwhelming at times. But with apps designed to find paint colors from
Step into the Los Angeles home of Rooney rock band drummer Ned Brower and actress Sarah Jane Morris and you might be surprised
On the whole, an expensive cocktail shaker doesn't mean that it's better. If you're paying prices that are anything above
Choose linen over cotton for drying dishes. Linen, an organic fiber woven from flax, is stronger, more absorbent, and lasts
Valentine's Day is almost here, and if braving the shopping frenzy at the mall isn't for you, consider gifting your loved
It's official, New York Fashion Week is here and designers will be showing off their collection for the coming Fall 2012
How To Make It 1. Place the scarf around your neck and mark where you want your camera to fall. 2. Draw a line about 1 1
In this week's couch-related celebrity news, the Ashley Furniture Company has been forced to pay Marlon Brando's estate $356,000
Growing up with many German relatives, I knew from an early age that beer was very important to people. But as an adult, I
What is the possible benefit of this new find? Well, \It's making me seasick,\ is the perfect excuse to get rid of a patterned
The interiors are a mix of midcentury and contemporary styles. The living room has rosewood-paneled walls and a tufted purple
But for all the manly man mystique that surrounds Clooney, one thing stood out in this preview clip that really let the star's
Flickr Photo by pink.polka And, be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day slideshow below. How
As always, buyer beware! Be sure to read the listings closely and contact the sellers with any questions. This eclectic mix
WATCH
As I continue to build my own collection of home furnishings for my future dwelling, wherever it may be, I find myself evaluating
To say that I planned on moving out at the first chance is an understatement. Though I'm lucky to have a great relationship
American fabric care labels can be difficult enough to read, but internationally-manufactured clothing often provide different
We're convinced that we'll never fully understand the logic, reasoning and motivation behind Craigslist vendors that pawn
Flickr Photo by Lenore Edman Remember to have fun, and be sure to check out the other great crafts in our Craft Of The Day
Many may not know this, but February is one of the most beautiful times of year in the Napa Valley.  Most think of this as the dead of winter, with bare trees and grey, lowering skies. In Napa, while there is a good bit of rain, it is often interspersed with gorgeous sunny afternoons.
With all of this in mind, we challenged ourselves to find different ways you can infuse orange into your home. From small
In the perfect world we would all know how to be organized and live clutter free. But the reality is that we have stuff, and that stuff can't always be neatly packed away into color-coordinated storage baskets. So how can you best live with your stuff?
This weekend, it's time to cross a few home improvement projects off that old to-do list. From changing out an ugly overhead
We've been addicted to Pinterest since, I don't know...as soon as we signed up in August. Since then, we've made lots of
Flickr photo by Triple Tri Cheesy puffs, chips and bread. The crumbly residue of these appetizer staples can get everywhere
Your TV doesn't have to be the focus of the room -- Kristan shares three great ways to incorporate it into your space.
Crafting a home library can be expensive. Learn how to do it on the cheap and with style in this home decorating how-to video
If you have inherited family heirlooms and aren't sure what to do with them, try these decorative ideas from Kristan.
Kristan shows us how to take a $15 table and transform it into something customized and stylish.
A home bar isn't just a coveted real estate element -- it's something you can build easily with things you probably already
Your home's entrance is your first chance to show off your personality. Why settle for a boring white door when it's so easy
Want to recreate your favorite vacation memories in your own backyard? Let's create an outdoor room with well-traveled flair
You can create a home office and dining room in one space -- Kristan will show you how!
Looking for a quick kitchen makeover? Turn the kitchen table into a spot to comfortably read the morning paper or have a
One of the best ways for us to keep an eye on all of the great things happening in the home design world across the country
I am about to return a book that is 31 years late. I checked it out of my school's library when I was in 3rd grade. I can't imagine the fines. I hope that my recent donations of art and books to their fundraising auctions will soften the blow, as well as a heartfelt note of apology, but how do you calculate such a bill?
PHOTOS
Looking to stage your own bedroom makeover? Take the opportunity to.create a space that's sexy -- without being cheesy. There's
Don't be discouraged by what you can't do in a rental -- be inspired! You can make changes and add personality without ruining
You love your coffee table, but why leave it plain -- or worse, cluttered? Here, three ideas for creating beautiful, fun
Enhance your favorite gallery by framing them in beautiful and creative ways.
The best way to finish off a room -- hide that boring sofa back! Here are three ways to make the space functional and attractive
Decorative screens can stylishly divide a room or cover up an ugly architectural feature. But why buy an expensive one when
Looking for a new way to jazz up your walls? Decoupaging is a fun and easy choice.
Yes, you can decorate a kid's room that's fun and whimsical while still being sophisticated enough for when they grow up
Picking out big pieces of furniture -- that's the easy part. Accessorizing your living room can be challenging, but also
A cork wall is a great, low-cost way to customize your space.
It goes without saying that the TV room, which is also sometimes called the media room, is the entertainment hub in the home
How To Make It 1. Paint your tray. (You can leave the tray surface uncovered because that is where the decorative paper will
But keep in mind proportions, low tables should be grouped with smaller seating while larger couches and armchairs will likely
The first time I encountered the Tour table -- a satisfyingly thick sheet of ground glass poised on four glittering chromium-plated bicycle wheels -- I was smitten.
Is there a songbird that serenades you every morning or a blue jay that chirps outside your kitchen window in the afternoon
Who spends 50K on a time-crunched two week renovation of a home theater they're not even going to use? If you'd asked us
Feel stuck with your current tile backsplash? Don't. You can use plexiglass and decorative paper to create endless options
This DIY wall mural is a great way to wake up an otherwise boring room (or complement one with tons of personality!). Here's
A living room that's comfortable, stylish and appreciated by all age groups? It's possible.
Super Bowl Sunday is quickly approaching, so we want to make sure your home is as party-ready as it can possibly be. Is your
The following ten steps can be applied to any organizing task, large or small
By Rebecca Joines Schinsky for BookRiot
Gersh Drinks Cleaning Fluid from NYT The Local - Ft. Greene on Vimeo. While keeping up with our morning news reads, one particular
For five great flat screen TV mounts on the market right now, flip through the slideshow below
How To Make It 1. Paint a layer of Mod Podge onto the base of the bottle. (Don't try to cover too much of the bottle or the
It goes without saying that we look to everything, from flowers to table settings, as color inspiration for our homes. But
Simple changes like creating a buffet table or arranging the seats beforehand can do wonders for making your party feel like
Laundry may seem like a relatively easy chore, but it might surprise you just how many mistakes you're making with every
All Photos Courtesy of Sprout Home Q
Stylelist Home
Baby powder can go far beyond bathtime. This product has a host of other uses...mostly in the realm of de-stinking anything
Today's selections include pieces by Herman Miller, Bernard Buffett, Rosenthal and Alexander Girard. Be sure to check out
Photo by Elizabeth Stewart of Eliza K Prints How To Make It 1. Carve your orange using a knife. (For a longer burn time, try
If you thought drums were only for making music, you're wrong! But, it's okay because we did too. That is, until CustomMade
With 2012 being the Year of the Dragon (and in light of Chinese New Year) it is only appropriate to select the Dragon Tree
This month, we started the New Year with a wide array of cleaning and organizational tips. But to help you keep your cleaning
As you may have noticed already, we like Craigslist because it's a great resource...and because we get to see all the outrageous
Love it or hate it, large, nationwide thrift stores like the Salvation Army and Goodwill can be a treasure trove for decor
How To Make It 1. Place a layer of craft glue on a portion of the cork wedge. 2. Push thumbtacks into the shoe so that the
If you're shopping around for a mattress now or thinking about getting one in the near future, here are a few options to
We've been wondering what designer and the queen of Hollywood Regency decor, Kelly Wearstler, has been up to...and how her
Looking to update and refresh your home with some simple upgrades that won't take up too much of your time? These 9 DIY home
Long considered the go-to for budget-friendly furniture with a Swedish slant, IKEA has probably furnished more family homes
Allow us to dream a little this weekend. Ever since we flipped through the latest issue of Wall Street Journal Magazine, which
When designing a home, I generally believe the fewer walls the better so I encourage people to take risks in favor of more openness.
