We are a generation of maximizers, and it's both a blessing and a curse. Sure, we can identify what we like, online, on our phones and in store, but liking a product simply isn't enough to make us buy it.
Napoleon's definition of a military genius was \The man who can do the average thing when all those around him are going crazy.\ Rich people are similar. They remain normal when everyone else can't.
Remember, market corrections are a part of investing, like it or not. Stick with your plan.
No matter where, or how, our children are getting their financial education, here's something that I know for sure
According to a January 2014 Schwab Money Myths survey, no matter how savvy we think we are, there are still a lot of financial misconceptions floating around out there. And surprisingly, a number of those misconceptions aren't about esoteric investing theories; they're about everyday financial situations.
As with weddings and vacations, spending on prom can easily spiral out of control, especially if your teenager isn't used to sticking to a budget. Use this as a learning experience by getting your kid involved making tough decisions, helping to prioritize expenses from vital to non-essential.
5. Ignoring Debt
There seems to be a general belief around this time of the year that if you're getting a refund, then you should spend it on something fun. All the ads urging us to go out and splurge certainly seem to think so. But is that really the case?
Decide how you are going to spend your time. What are you going to do during the first six to twelve months in retirement, and what do you plan to do for the rest of your retired life?
The first income tax day in U.S. history was on March 1, 1914. Four years later, Congress passed the \Revenue Act,\ which moved tax day forward by two weeks to March 15, where it remained in effect until 1955. Why the change to April 15?
While time is ticking for you to complete your taxes, don't get so caught up trying to file that you make a mistake!
Even as the currency's potential suffered a blow following the collapse of Mt. Gox, some early adopters in the travel and sports industries are still bullish about the value of this new way of doing business.
Once you determine how your current expenses are going to change during your retirement years, you can start to understand how much you'll really need to save.
We are in a dangerous time in the stock market. It's not a dangerous time because of a crisis or volatility. It's dangerous time because investors start to become overconfident.
Abraham Lincoln once said, \You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.\ Following these tips can help you conquer the panic today of tomorrow's tax-filing responsibility while simultaneously building your nest egg and driving increased retirement readiness.
There's just something about doing our taxes that makes many of us revert to slacker college student mode, waiting till the last minute to throw together that report we've known about for months. But there is hope.
The earlier you begin saving money and the earlier you begin managing debt, the more likely you will be able to react to the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead.
Will the amount paid in taxes and fees push you over a spending threshold and into a higher rewards bracket? Will the extra
The fact that people learn more about finances at home than from any other source is a testament to the importance of families, but it is also a responsibility.
With Tax Day fast approaching, millions of Americans are scrambling to track down receipts, bank statements and other documents. But the more you rush, the more you're likely to make mistakes that can cost you in the form of penalties, a delayed refund and even a higher risk of an audit.
Sometimes investors will confuse recent successes and tend to be more aggressive. It can give you a false sense of investment prowess. Then things turn south, and you pay for it. So how does a poor investor figure out their risk tolerance?
Shirley Pulawski is a freelance journalist who frequently contributes to MyBankTracker.com. Even if you convert a credit
It's pretty simple
Having a plan to pay off debt is one thing. Setting that plan into motion is a whole different ballgame. Arguably the best approach to getting out of debt is called the debt snowball.
The real power is in your hands. Now its up to you to step up to the plate and do something about your personal savings.
No investment method is foolproof; if anyone tells you otherwise, hold onto your wallet. Taking the right precautions, however, keeps risk to a minimum.
So what happens if, or when, you become a victim of tax identity theft? If you know for certain that your identity has been compromised, the IRS has a form for that. But if you've already lost your tax refund to an identity thief, their reporting mechanism may not be enough to resolve your existing case.
Make these five money moves and reinvigorate yourself for the spring season (we all need it after harsh weather of this past
When it comes to making money decisions, doubt and self-doubt are inevitable. After all, unlike many choices that are subject to whimsy and fate, financial decisions can be judged by their direct impact on your well-being, now and in the future.
Like it or not, April 15 is going to be here before you know it. If you haven't started working on your taxes yet, you might
Insurers may warm to e-cigarettes in the coming years, but for now most of them will still think of you as a smoker even if you don't. In today's world of semi-privacy, it might be harder than you think to hide evidence of this should an insurer decide to look more closely.
Many by-40 milestones have become debatable
Whether you're 10 and saving for a new bike, or 60 and knocking on the door of retirement, it's never too late (or too early) to get your ducks in a row.
Social Security works.  It does what it was designed to do, and although this was not the concern when it was set up, it actually boosts the national output above what it distributes. It is a win-win-win.
Anyone who wants to cover the cost of living during her golden years should be thinking about IRAs, or individual retirement accounts, just as much as she's nursing her employer-sponsored 401(k)s.
With tax season upon us, taxpayers are not the only ones preparing for tax filing day. The Internal Revenue Service warns consumers that there are sophisticated scams targeting taxpayers throughout the country.
Collecting points, bonuses, and other rewards by using a rewards credit card can be exciting, fun, and addicting. However
The reason
You're probably watching obvious items like your credit cards, and making payments on time, but there might be some forgotten items causing problems with your credit, and dragging down your score.
Walmart should serve frugal shoppers well in the absence of an Aldi. The items in Cheapism's shopping cart, which included
Bitcoin transactions, unlike credit card purchases, are irreversible. If you buy merchandise with bitcoins and the merchant fails to deliver, that money is now securely in his hands. There will be no third party company to go to bat for you
When it comes to debt, there really are no free lunches. Indeed, it is always harder to get out of than it is to get into. The best thing you can do is to change your own thinking when it comes to money. When you are in debt, even the price tag has a price tag.
If you haven't yet discovered the simplistic beauty of filing your taxes online, let me tell you, you're missing out. You plug numbers into an app, and the app makes math happen, and then you're done.
Ninety-nine percent of personal finance can be summarized in nine words
According to the IRS about 28 percent of taxpayers wait until these last weeks to prepare their taxes. If you're among those that procrastinated this year, here are six reasons to file your taxes before the April 15th tax deadline.
After all, self-interest drives everybody's behavior to some extent. The problem, however, arises when a financial advisor's self-interest conflicts with yours.
There's simply no getting around it. Poor credit scores make life more expensive.
Using information released by the White House and the per capita personal income of $42,693 (according to Bureau of Business and Economic Research), GOBankingRates calculated how the average American's 2013 federal income tax bill breaks down.
You can use the same payment method that you use to make your scheduled payment. Just bear in mind that the relevant date is when the payment is credited by the lender, not the date when you sent it.
\Spring cleaning\ your finances means first taking a big-picture look at your financial health, and then clearing out the cobwebs that muck up your monthly budget.
How does starting at age 62, 66 or 70 impact your retirement income? As you figure out when to start Social Security, here are five key questions to consider.
If you have a credit or debt question you'd like to ask, just click here and ask away. The plain language of the FDCPA prohibits
Knowing the difference between a credit score and credit report can help you make the right financial decision when it comes to applying for lines of credit, and can also help you get better interest rates on loans.
No credit history means no credit score. And no credit score makes lenders hesitant to give you even small amounts of credit. So how does anyone get credit in the first place?
Investors over the years have told me that they have it all worked out. \I've got a will, a trust and spoke to an attorney.\ Often, those instructions were done years ago, sometimes decades ago.
I believe this will spur economic growth without increasing debt, because U.S. notes can be printed and spent into circulation
To the land of way beyond? Beyond banking and beyond receipts, there is also a growing trend towards alternative payment
It's almost that time again -- where do you put your hard-earned money from the federal government? What would the SATC women do?
Just imagine if the salesperson told you what was really going to happen
Don't avoid the elephant in the room. Address your bad credit frankly and honestly.
Someone who uses an out-of-network ATM five times per month is looking at a monthly expense around $20 to $25, or $240 to $300 per year.
You want to make sure you're paying down your debt as quickly as possible. First, pay at least the minimum amount due and pay it on time each month.
It's also important to communicate with your spouse. Are you both fully aware of your financial situation? Is your spouse
You made one statement that concerned me when you said loan forgiveness is only available for graduates. That's actually
Before You Swipe... These two tricks carry more risk than paying via direct deposit or a check. In fact, I would only consider
Paying for college is costly.  But there are some tax benefits that can help parents who are footing the bill, or students who are independent.
Let's not allow the perceived hopelessness of your situation fester and lead to more debilitating anxiety and deep depression
Whether it's credit card spending or the secret cash stash, it's not healthy for a marriage to have secrets -- financial or otherwise. Broken trust and hurt feelings from financial secrets will put a wedge between a marriage. Often the damage is irreversible.
If you are in your 20s and in debt it can seem like a gargantuan task to throw that monkey off your back. Do not despair my young friend. It may seem impossible to clear that debt, but it's actually much easier than you think.
It's still all too easy to get ensnared in a nasty debt trap that could derail your finances and prevent you from accomplishing your dreams.
Learn about your options if you miss the March 31st deadline. Unless you have a life changing event, like getting married
So, you just got your tax refund in the mail. What are you going to do with it? Chances are you'll probably end up spending it on something you don't really need. Why not make your money work harder for you?
Taking the leap into home ownership is a big deal. Long considered the American Dream, it signals an entry into adulthood that some people crave. Millennials are joining the party -- the average first-time homebuyer in the U.S. is 31 years old. Before you join the ranks, here are some things to do.
Recently, the CFPB issued a report stating that common complaints from consumers are regarding errors in their credit reports
I do love the art of minimalism. Minimalism is an approach that assumes less is more, or to simplify. Sometimes it can be really hard to implement in different areas of our lives. Especially with our finances.
Just as I left my office, a slight drizzle began. Determined to get my taste of this welcome warmer weather, I pulled a chair under an awning and ate, taking in the gentle sound of raindrops, the occasional flecks of water hitting my skin and the colors of the sky and greenery around me.
The scammers are ahead of the experts on selling student loan solutions. It's not unusual at all for me hear from people who were charged $20,000-$37,000 for student loan help that's available for free.
\At this point I can never even imagine a reality of owning a home or business until these loans are paid off, which is still at least 10 years away. Is there anything I can do to make a solid impact on my debt, and start reversing the cycle?\
We need to be reminded that affordability is not simply a function of cash flow, but a price and expected value consideration, after all.
When it comes to buying a house, you have to make lots of decisions. You have to figure out which neighborhood you want, which school district, how much of a down payment to make, etc. One of these decisions is whether you will take out a fixed-rate or adjustable-rate mortgage.
Come election time, they say that Americans traditionally vote pocketbook issues over foreign policy. In today's global economy, though, it is getting harder to distinguish the two.
You are already invested in your employer more than you think. It's also tempting to think that you should invest in what you know, and so hold your employer's stock.
When a small mom-and-pop shop slaps on a small \convenience fee\ for an in-store purchase with a credit card, it is likely confusing the term for a surcharge. Under a 2012 ruling, merchants cannot impose a credit card surcharge of more than 4 percent of the transaction.
Six digits of debt are intimidating, especially when you're a single homeowner. But at 29 years old and just 15 months after buying my house, I've already paid $100,000 off my mortgage.. and I plan to pay the other $155,000 off before I turn 31.
It's amazing how the word \finances\ immediately throws us head-on into our current circumstances. From this standpoint you may not see many options for what to do from a personal financial perspective.
If you know people in your family or circle of friends who still haven't shopped for health insurance on one of the marketplaces, either because they're worried about the cost or because they have no idea how it all works, feel free to use the information below to help clear things up.
The top three tax scams in the IRS \Dirty Dozen Tax Scams for 2014\ are Identity Theft, Telephone Scams, and Phishing.
The average tax refund is around $3,000. If you are lucky enough to get a refund. That may not sound like a lot, but there are some interesting ways to leverage that return.
When a married couple purchases a house with the help of a mortgage, they become subject to a wide range of legal rules and custom-based practices at every stage of the process.
Since it was introduced, FAFSA has been simplified. In 2009 it took as much as an hour and half to fill out. Today, intuitive, online software lets parents and students skip irrelevant questions and load financial info directly from the Internal Revenue Service website.
Because everyone's search, just like every one's passion, is different. There IS no one right recipe. No matter how many followers on Twitter, how slick the web site or Facebook page or how alluring the cover of the book. There is no one right recipe.
Consider this scary statistic
Reaching financial independence requires some effort, sacrifice, and learning on your part. Many people shy away from planning their finances because they lack an understanding of economics and financial markets. I've found that managing finances wisely depends on some basic principles that anyone can understand.
Even if you don't get a traffic ticket, cause a car accident, or have a teenage boy in the household, you could end up paying more for insurance for these five lesser-known reasons.
Yes, you only live once. That is an inescapable truth that applies to us all. What is not true is that you have to \just get by\ financially in order to really live. You can really live right this very moment and save for your future.
Here goes
Merchants basically get it -- to many of them, Groupon looks less like an innovative advertising mechanism than a loan broker, arranging bundles of small loans from consumers, and taking a substantial cut... Consumers don't often see this side of the equation.
I've seen clients get into financial trouble in spite of making high salaries. Some are doctors, lawyers, or engineers -- educated professionals who earn six-figure incomes. Strangely enough, though, education doesn't necessarily lead to sound financial decisions.
Before the Affordable Care Act (ACA), there was no easy way to shop for a health insurance plan. But the ACA has standardized health insurance marketing, which makes it easier to compare plans \apples-to-apples.\ So now you can get right to it in just two steps.
Despite their freedom from financial concerns, pets can actually teach us some useful lessons about what to do--and what not to do--with money.
Recent changes in household balance sheets can be viewed as a glass half-full or half-empty. But there are some traps lurking behind an apparent reduction in overall debt.
As with most things tax-related, choosing whether to file jointly or separately as a married couple is a highly individual and complex decision. That's why we consulted two certified public accountants to find out how common it is for a married couple to file separately, what it means for your taxes and in which situations it may apply.
While access to credit enables us to carry these kinds of debts, they hurt our ability to gain more access to credit - so the big-screen television you buy today could well be the one thing that prevents you from getting a mortgage on the perfect house next year.
\u00b7 People wishing to monetize their status as Senior Contributor or Mega Maven or whatever should be able to trade-up to the
We can't give you an ultra-comprehensive summary of IRS codes within a single article. But we can point out a handful of tax laws that should be near the top of your radar.
Because different products have different features, it is important to read the prospectus for details including charges, investment choices, death benefits, payout options, and other features.
It always amazes me that clients don't understand how important is to be accurate.
I can try to adult-ify my apartment all I want, but one thing remains true--my finances need to be handled, and I'm the only one who can take control of them.
Many of my followers are incredibly diligent about their financial health. They pay their bills on time, check their credit
It turns out that there seems to be tiny little vulnerability in the bitcoin protocol. Aren't there supposed to be built-in safeguards with the exchange mechanisms?
People usually get better at things over time. We're better farmers, faster runners, safer pilots, and more accurate weather forecasters than we were 50 years ago. But there's something about money that gets the better of us.
Since the new health insurance exchanges launched last October, there's been a seemingly endless stream of news stories, mostly about rollout problems, health insurance cancellations, enrollment numbers, or personal anecdotes that are quickly repurposed as political fodder. But what about the shopping experience?
Here are five things you can do to protect your good financial name in the event that stars, once aligned, go spinning off into the cold universe, and you find yourself thrust from loving cohabitation into relational isolation.
As you do well in life, it's not the cost of choices that drives scarcity, it's distributing finite time over them that does.
In all seriousness, it's clear from this study and many others that people are quick to say they want more choices and options when asked about nearly anything. This thinking can go a long way in retirement savings as well.
As a kid, I thought my dad was cheap, but as it turns out, he's just smart. He knows what's important to him and what isn't. Those priorities are reflected in the way he spends his money.
Even when the balance is paid on time every month, credit card use imposes a huge hidden cost on users -- hidden because the cost is deducted from what the merchant receives, then passed on to you in the form of higher prices.
The stock market had an awesome year last year, rising roughly 35 percent. Many investors, inspired by the market's strength, have now decided they want to get in on the gains. However, now is not the ideal time to put money to work in stocks. In fact, it's a horrible time to do so.
If you're looking to make a bigger social impact with your investments this year, you have many options. Here are five ideas to help you get started.
Over the first five weeks of 2014, the U.S. stock market declined by roughly 5 percent. Is that a buying opportunity, or the beginning of more serious trouble?
That this question gets asked with increasing frequency is an indication of how far the bitcoin phenomena has come.
Money can become an addiction like anything else. It can control your life. And to be honest, it's probably the only thing in my life that at times has become an obsession.
Lots of people honor traditions. Some people eat turkey on Thanksgiving. Some people bake an apple pie on Independence Day. Me? I abide by a longstanding tradition, as well
Depending on certain factors, it could be a great idea to put some portion of your portfolio into high risk assets like startups. But before you do, there are three major factors you need to consider to make sure start-up investing is appropriate for you.
Just like how your relationship status affects how you spend Valentine's Day, it can impact your taxes.
Our interest in getting the best financial support possible from the best school for Abby helped me discover a way of potentially lowering college tuition by a significant amount. Read on -- it could save you tens of thousands of dollars!
It's high time I retire a little bit now, in my mid-thirties, while happy, healthy and with a loving wife and two young children who are as game as I am for family adventure.
The next time you're ready to buy a car, or want to buy a car for your son or daughter, you may want to forgo buying one from a relative.
I thought it would be valuable to take a lesson on fear from legendary investor Warren Buffett. After an epic run in 2013, stocks have taken a breather to start the new year.  If you read the recent headlines, you'd probably be scared stiff.
In terms of stocks, the first quarter of 2014 is expected to be riddled with challenges. Fund managers sold shares to secure
To Err Is Human If you're filing form 8379, titled Injured Spouse Relief, you will have some thumb-twiddling to do while
If you didn't make a financial (or any) resolution when the clock struck midnight on Jan. 1, that's okay -- it's not too late. Consider making one right now following these three simple rules of resolutions.
I took my debt by the horns and rode it right out of my life.
Bottom line is this
The right tool for the right job can make all the difference.  Not only does the right tool improve the quality of any job, but it also makes the work more enjoyable.  This fundamental truth applies to everything from carpentry to auto repair.  It also applies to investing.
While mortgage rates fluctuate daily and the interest rate you'll pay on a home loan depends on multiple factors, most mortgage experts anticipate an increase in average mortgage rates by the end of 2014.
With the CFPB's new Ability-to-Repay rule and lenders still leery after the real estate crash, how can you best show a mortgage lender that you can handle a home loan?
It's bad enough that major retailers haven't protected us. Don't make it worse by creating your own vulnerabilities.
Here it is, the single most toxic, fossilized, hammered-down maxim our culture -- along with most of the barely civilized world -- lives by, pounded into our fundamental ethos since birth.
By shopping smarter, there are ways to stretch your grocery dollars when you're shopping the aisles and even after you get your food home. Here are 12 tips for making the most of every dollar spent.
What does life in the aftermath of a zombie apocalypse, battling zombie hordes, dealing with predatory human survivors, and trying to maintain one's humanity in a hostile world have in common with the struggle to prepare for and survive retirement? Actually, quite a bit.
Don't let anyone use a fear tactic to scare you into thinking all credit card use will end in financial ruin.
Online bill pay, smart phone apps, special calculators, email alerts sent to you from your bank; all these things are your friend. Hang out often.
Where should you invest? How can you invest? How much should you put away and how should it be earmarked? These are all important questions when looking at creating a savings plan for children. Here are a few tips to help you get started.
Wouldn't it be great if you could have a continuous stream of income deposited into your savings and/or checking account? You wouldn't have to worry about paying the bills on time or having money to buy groceries for your family.
An HSA is one aspect of an overall healthcare strategy that can be a helpful planning tool and help you save money on the high costs of health care.
Need all those cable channels? Need that gym membership if you only go once a week?
Obamacare's individual mandate is kicking in this year, and uninsured Americans will soon face a penalty. However, that penalty remains a confusing and widely misunderstood aspect of the new health care law.
Fortunately, with the help of financial tools, consumers can keep a close eye on their accounts for any suspicious activity with these free tools.
The news is already filled with advice on how to build better finances or warnings that Americans' balance sheets are tilted too far toward debts and not enough toward savings. Yet following the advice or heeding the warnings is easier said than done without policies that help families and individuals save and build assets.
Push the spandex and marathon aspirations to the side for a minute. New Year's resolutions shouldn't just be about physical fitness.
The build-up to the 2014 Super Bowl has focused as much on the weather as it has on the Seahawks and Broncos. Given how unpredictable winter weather in New Jersey is, it makes a pretty good metaphor for the uncertainties you face in building your retirement nest egg.
The human brain is pretty well-equipped to handle immediate problems and issues, but it's not so hot at making plans for the future. If we allow our brains to make default decisions, we'll all end up cursing our younger selves from the retirement home.
Granted, the term Spousal Refusal sounds mean-spirited.  Should an individual be allowed to legally walk away from his or her spouse's long-term care bills? Some background on the subject may lead you to respond affirmatively.
When people talk about the keys to good health, they always talk about balancing mind, body and spirit. However I believe they are missing the key ingredient of financial health. Health and wealth are interconnected and if any of the pillars of health are disturbed, it can cause sickness and even death.
Do you have performance envy? 3. Your portfolio may be less risky. If you have a diversified portfolio you probably took
With all the unique money-making opportunities available, many people are finding that they can earn a few extra hundred dollars a month by thinking a little outside the box.
\Implementing lower loan limits is an important and appropriate step as private capital returns to portions of the market and enables FHA to concentrate on those borrowers that are still underserved.\
Start by developing a list of financial resolutions you want to achieve before retirement. Keep them simple and keep them doable. Then narrow that list down to the ones you want to achieve this year. Here are a few simple steps that can pack a lot of punch.
A home purchase is often the largest financial decision of your life. Protecting yourself requires, above all, a solid understanding of the valuation methods out there so that you can ask the right questions.
In the aftermath of the 2008 economic meltdown, wealth owned by households of color declined dramatically, as home values collapsed, especially in urban areas. The wealth of the richest 1 percent also dropped, but rebounded quickly in subsequent years.
Jumbo loans - high dollar loans typically starting at $417,000 in most areas or as high as $625,501 in higher-cost markets - will see a lot of changes in 2014.
Whether bad credit results from the legitimate credit holder's irresponsibility or from identity theft, your ability to buy a car, rent a nice place, purchase a home or even get employment can be severely stifled.
The truth is, if you were to continue your same spending habits past today, even with a bigger paycheck, you would soon find yourself in the same economic position, despite the fact that you have more money.
Many job search expenses are tax deductible, and knowing what job hunting deductions you qualify for and having your receipts in front of you when you file your taxes can save you some money when you file your taxes.
The cost of a merchant data breach -- whether it is at a large national merchant or a local merchant -- can be significant for credit unions of all sizes.  Because of credit unions' cooperative structure, the cost of such breaches are ultimately borne by credit union members.
The sheer volume of paperwork in the new applications can be daunting, but don't lose heart. Here's a look at what you can expect in a 500 page mortgage application.
Having a healthy savings account is a great way to start building your financial foundation. It's essential to have an \emergency fund\ that you can use when an unexpected bill hits your mailbox or when tragedy strikes.
A new year feels like a new beginning, and the tradition of making resolutions solidifies that notion. Adopt these three resolutions to control your financial stress, and make 2014 the year of swollen saving accounts!
Consumers often begin checking their credit report and scores a few months before buying a home or refinancing a mortgage. Realizing that a higher score can save them thousands of dollars, they are then left trying to improve their score fast.
If you are considering buying an annuity, it is important to take your time to understand exactly what you are buying and know it will meet your needs.
It has been widely reported that the last recession and subsequent sluggish recovery were especially brutal for millenials. The sleeper story is the subsequent impact all that joblessness has had on parents of millenials.
Boys, you have some catching up to do!
However unlikely some developments may be, when nothing has happened yet, it is always possible to have high hopes for the new year. Here are several key questions about what economic developments 2014 will bring.
There is really very little to be gained by passivity in charitable giving. Make your investments in issues and in organizations that matter to you. You will be far less likely to fall for anything bogus.
What percentage of GDP is spent on pensions? At what age are people exiting the labor market? What is the poverty rate for those over 65?
I've come to the conclusion that I don't need all the latest new \stuff\ on a car. Maybe it's maturity or frugality. I much prefer the freedom of not owing money on a car. But that's just one reason.
By flipping the script from a place of scarcity and hopelessness to one of looking into options, you put the power to control your finances back into your own hands.
It's a new year, and time to begin that 2014 budget and begin those saving resolutions. There are some items that are going to increase this year.
Not to be confused with consolidating a loan, when you refinance a loan, new lender effectively pays back your old loan and you get issued a new loan at a potentially lower interest rate, with a lower required monthly payment.
Parents and grandparents might need to work together to develop a strategy so that their student will be able to receive the gift of a college education. A 529 plan is just one piece of the puzzle when it comes to paying for college these days.
There was plenty of gloomy economic news throughout the year. Yet, despite all those economic issues, the stock market ended the year at record highs, with the Dow up 25 percent and the S&P 500 up nearly 30 percent.
What happens when a generation said to be far less conspicuous in its consumption confronts human nature?  The personal growth and fulfillment at the top Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs occupies the floor just above esteem -- defined by status, achievement and reputation.
According to Forbes magazine, the highest median home price in the nation is $6,665,231 in Zip Code 94027 in Atherton, just north of the Silicon Valley.
Selecting a financial advisor is a critical step to managing money, whether it's for retirement, handling an estate or inheritance, planning for large future purchases such as investments, or a combination of factors.
Well sometimes you are up and sometimes you are down.  Out of work, my client figured that he could call those he had helped who were now in position to help him. Life doesn't work that way.
Many of us spend more time watching TV shows we don't even like than we would need to fix our finances. Just follow these seven easy tips and not only will you be on the road to financial stability, you'll also realize how easy it is to stay on course.
Remember, money is a tool. It can be used to build or destroy your financial life. YOU determine how it's used. Budget in fun and enjoyment like your bills and savings. They too are important and essential to your quality of life.
You may find it easier to control your budget with cash or a debit card than with a credit card. Credit card interest rates are NOT your friend.\u00a0Carrying only small amounts of cash will help keep you from making unnecessary impulse purchases.
Take a guess; how many Americans earn $50 million or more per year? Answer
Why do so many of us fail to keep our monetary goals, even when we know determining to save more, or earn a raise, or to stop racking up debt on the credit card are all actions that will enormously benefit our financial lives?
It's that time of year to make a promise to yourself to start doing something good or stop doing something bad on the first day of the year. Here are three simple tips to help keep you financially fit in 2014.
Most of us have experienced a cash crunch at one time or another, and thought, \I need a miracle.\ For these three people, a money miracle is exactly what they got.
For many Americans the past few years have been a rough ride and any improvement is welcome. However, we would be fooling ourselves if we believed we were on a path toward a healthy economy or that the recession was solely to blame.
Sometimes the goal we think we want to reach is not really the one that best serves us or accomplishes what we want for ourselves. To make sure we are working towards the right goal, we need to clarify what it is we really want.
JK Rowling has given away about 160 million dollars. That's a lot of good being done by one very good, talented and successful
Will you get rich making coffee at home? Heck no, but close to 40 percent of the population doesn't even have a damn savings account.
While student debt can place an enormous burden on graduates entering the workplace, so can having parents without ample resources in their retirement years.
So here is the really odd part of your statement. Since no more payments would be able to be solicited for the accounts listed
Huffington Post Reader Question I just published this new article which gives new details on how to lower your Parent PLUS
The applicant who sent the email wanted an answer to one simple question
Life is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get. Investing is the same way.
The day after Christmas means a lot of different things to a lot of different people - obligatory gift returns, post-Christmas sales, pouring the last of the eggnog in your coffee, an end to holiday music in public spaces and on public airwaves.
This post is about altering perspectives on what has been ingrained in our minds by our culture and our society. It's about taking the idea that things \are what they are\ and throwing it out the window, because that certainly isn't always true.
As you hit the stores this season, I want you to be vigilant on these scams, because the crooks that commit them will take advantage of you when it is the busiest and you're focused in a different direction.
The Affordable Care Act is causing a lot of confusion amongst consumers. If you're uninsured or are otherwise considering enrollment in the new marketplace, here are some common mistakes to avoid in navigating the tricky road to coverage.
The IRS announced this week that they will start processing tax returns on Friday, January 31, 2014. So what can you do in these final few days of the year to help lower your taxes for 2013?
Between checking in as you change locations, updating your relationship status, tweeting your passing thoughts and of course posting selfies, it seems no activity is too trivial to escape reporting. So how about putting this trend toward self-reporting to good use?
As you're wrapping up your finances for 2013, you may want to think about making a few moves that could mean more money for retirement, a smaller tax bill and perhaps some new eyeglasses.
With the end of 2013 quickly approaching, make sure you take some time to get yourself and your taxes squared away. Not only can you lower your tax obligations, but you may also be able to get a bigger tax refund.
Getting back on your feet financially can seem like a daunting task. However, when you look at the alternatives if you don't, therein lies the motivation to get started on a plan taking you back to the road called financial independence.
Credit cards are really good tools to help build your credit history but you need to review your cards regularly to ensure that you are being charged what you should be charged for.
When going to look at an apartment, bring copies of pay stubs, copies of prior years' tax returns and any proof of additional income. It will not only provide proof of income, but also of being an organized person who is serious about taking care of business.
Black Friday and Cyber Monday are stark reminders that Christmas has become the most wonderful time of the year... for retail. When the main focus of the holiday is on, 'What did you get?' we miss out on the true spirit of the holiday season.
The euro has happened.  But is it a bad idea?  Will it last?  Despite the reality of the full-blown depressions in Southern Europe and pauperization of the middle and working classes there, European economists have not changed their tune.
The temptation to overspend is extremely strong when people do their holiday shopping. The truth is that some shoppers have more self-control than others. It's easy to come up with all kinds of anecdotes to illustrate this point, but only research can paint an accurate picture of what is going on.
With tweens spending a reported $43 billion of their own money this year -- averaging an insane $2,000 per kid -- we need to teach our kids how to fend off aggressive marketing tactics and remind them that it is the thought, after all, that counts.
The bottom line is, if you have a financial goal, you need to make a New Year's resolution. Your wallet and your future self will thank you.
As a part of this ruling, couples have the option to go back and amend their last three years tax returns, if they would have received larger tax refunds by filing a joint tax return.
As property values across the nation are on the rise, property taxes on a primary residence are unlikely to go down without a bit of effort and knowing where to look for savings.
The worst penalty isn't a lump of coal in your stocking. It's a lowering of your credit score -- something that impacts your future cost of credit, and even the cost of homeowners and auto insurance.
Hiring a financial advisor means taking a giant leap of faith
Why should freelancers forget about any kind of relief when they fill out their tax forms?
Americans are getting serious about saving for college. A record total of over $205 billion has been invested in 529 higher education savings plans as of June 2013, according to the non-profit College Savings Plan Network.
The cost of child care may be a large percentage of your salary now, but your salary today is a fraction of what it can be in the future if you stay in the workforce, and nurture your career, along with your children.
Healthy credit is such a reward... but sometimes you have to get through the details (and sometimes even a hard phone call or two) to get that reward.
Beyond allowing many more people to sign up for plans, a key upgrade is the new plan comparison tool.
Recent drops in interest rates have prompted millions of households to refinance their mortgages. Borrowers who refinance need to familiarize themselves with tricky tax rules on what is or isn't deductible for interest payments. Here are some reminders on how the rules work.
If you're trying to save money, but can't seem to stop yourself from spending on indulgences, here are a few tips to help fake self-discipline. Baby steps!
I've been a landlord for seven years and have had dozens of tenants that I simply can't stand. They irritate me, cost me a lot of money, and make my life a stressful nightmare. Now, I know you think that you aren't one of \those\ tenant, but how sure are you?
About 110 million taxpayers got a tax refund last year -- that is about three out of four filers or 75 percent of all taxpayers.  A tax refund is a refund of your money -- getting it sooner is always better than getting it later.
Come the holiday season, there's a mad rush to buy gifts for loved ones. Many consumers dive in head first in pursuit of the best deals for a PlayStation 4, Xbox One or iPad -- at the expense of a balanced budget.
Hand-wringing business reporters say that because the stores were worried about a soft season, they ordered 2 percent fewer toys this year, which is probably a lot of toys. It's one of those Christmas danger stories
3. Total the points
It's hard to say whether the economy has been naughty or nice this year. Employment growth has been up and down all year, raising hopes and then dashing them in a continuous cycle. Even so, suppose you indulged the economy by letting it make a holiday wish list.
Graduating from college and entering the real world can easily put you in a state of anxiety. You may have the world at your feet, but that world involves dealing with money -- something many of us were never really taught to do properly.
It isn't worth risking your hard earned savings.
Money is a year-round problem -- not just a holiday concern. And the simple domino effect is that money problems cause stress. And we have solid research showing that employees falter with more stress, and work better with less.
You own part of the company (aka a share in the company). The price of that share can fluctuate given what people think the company is worth (or will be worth) and what they are willing to pay for a share.
You, and many American taxpayers, may be in danger of leaving some of your hard-earned money on the table and otherwise losing some tax benefits you otherwise deserve and can get quite easily.
Whatever causes you stress this holiday season -- whether it is juggling family and social obligations, finding the right gift for everyone or planning travel -- a sure way to enjoy the holidays more next year is to establish a savings plan for managing spending in 2014, which will be here before you know it.
During the holidays, an estimated 75 percent of Americans plan to donate to charity but what many don't realize is that they can turn their generosity into tax savings by claiming a variety of donations on their tax returns.
As you shop for your children or grandchildren this holiday season, don't forget to include some gifts that teach lessons about money and set them on a path to financial learning.
Saving money on car insurance isn't as hard as it might seem if you keep these tips in mind.
Eventually, I had my own epiphany
Want some good Thanksgiving news? Here's how much the AFBF predicts you'll spend on each dish and how you can save a little bit extra.
Before you make your contributions, take a minute to make sure you are not being scammed and your donations are tax deductible.  Unfortunately, there are many unscrupulous people using major disasters and the holidays to impersonate charities.
Are you a grandparent thinking of helping out a grandchild fund their college expenses? Be aware of 529 plan structures to ensure that your gift doesn't turn into a bomb that destroys your grandchild's financial aid.
It is virtually impossible to see the devastation after Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines or last weekend's tornadoes in the Midwest and not feel a tug on your heartstrings. But charity scam artists use that near-universal empathy to steal from survivors of these terrible events the help that they need.
When you pay off your debt accounts and regain control of your finances, it's like plugging the holes in your bucket and being able to use the money as you see fit. No more siphoning away your hard-earned money.
I suggest that the simplest way to eliminate spoiling is through the use of one word
Emerging online shopping platforms do more than just make shopping attractive to the casual consumer; they give you the tools to get what you actually want, rather than what the online retailer wants you to buy.
Why am I writing all this? Everyone has an Obama Care story and this is mine. I hope our legislature will soon grasp that the ranks of the self-employed are responsible, valuable members of society and should not be swept under the rug.
The holiday season is a time to give back to those who are less fortunate and if you are considering making a donation from your credit cards rewards, be aware of the tax implications involved with this type of donation.
Thanksgiving is nearing, and December is right around the corner. I've said it before--it's never too early to start thinking about your tax situation. Taxes are always complicated, seemingly ever changing, and so is your life.
The phrase that you need to know is 'fiduciary standard.' The fiduciary standard is a code of conduct for the approximately 10,500 registered investment advisors who are regulated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange.
Retirement is becoming real for pre-retirees, and many are concerned about whether they are really \retirement ready\.  No matter the source - holidays, retirement, work or family - stress can take a heavy toll on your health, mental state and wallet.
If I had it to do over again, I would have given myself some context for how much money $20,000 or $30,000 really was. I would have spent some time thinking through each of my options, to weigh whether this was a worthy investment or not.
Many people step up to act as their parents' (or other loved ones') financial guardians without thinking through the ramifications -- in particular, the serious commitment of time and effort required to manage the finances of a second household.
His mission is to not only to expose the true nature of how the industry operates, but also to share the message of capitalism and the truth about central economic planning which he believes is the root cause of so many people's retirement planning challenges.
Unfortunately, the Department of Labor's version of transparency is to create a mountain of additional paperwork that nobody understands but the bureaucrats responsible for creating it.
There is a looming crisis that threatens to confine a generation of young Americans to a life of limited opportunity and low prospects. Consider this statistic
Whether you are considering purchasing or selling commercial property, quantitative research will help you to negotiate the best deal possible.
School expenses don't just happen once a year. Even if you checked off every item on your kid's back-to-school shopping list, don't put away your wallet just yet.
There is no more noble a contribution to society than participation in the service of the defense, perpetuation and safety of this country. The tax benefits that are in the law are yours and you have earned them.  It is the least the country can do to thank you for your service.
Paying additional fees for a credit card or bank account might not sound smart, but it can sometimes prove rewarding. Forking out money for fees is something to consider before you overlook places you could be saving.
You already know that it's very important to have a financial plan. But if you can't stand the thought of working with numbers you might be reluctant to put your strategy together. That's a quandary you don't want to be stuck in. The good news is that the solution is far simpler than you imagine.
It is our responsibility to make sure that our children are well prepared to make financial decisions.
But today, hooray, Dominique Strauss-Kahn did not become President of France and remain Director of the International Monetary
The fact is that more than 700,000 Americans have managed to apply for a new health insurance plan. How did these people get through? With tenacity, consumer smarts, and some of the steps highlighted below.
In return, the borrower pays an interest rate that's usually much lower than for payday, bill-pay or refund anticipation
Hopes of avoiding millions in state taxes may have faded for Royal Dutch Shell when the clock struck midnight on Jan. 1 and
The IRS announced 2013 cost-of-living adjustments to many of the amounts you and your employer can contribute toward your retirement accounts. Here are highlights of what will and won't change in 2013.
If you just received a year-end bonus, congratulations. With money tight and the economy uncertain, those extra dollars can be hard to come by. Now, how do you use that hard-earned bonus wisely? Here are eight suggestions.
Here are some tips on how to avoid charity scams
The teenager opened her neighbor's unlocked car, grabbed the iPhone off the armrest and ran home, a few doors away in her
Christmas is still about a week away, but for many Americans, Santa has already come to town. Other secret Santas are doing
Only cars with manual transmissions are affected by the parking bake recall. NHTSA said it has received 11 consumer complaints
While most people would not enjoy the process of analyzing and budgeting expenditures it is something that must be done. The inefficient and useless expenditure of money can be major impediments to accomplishing your financial goals.
If you've ever tried to remove inaccurate or fraudulent information from your credit report and gotten the runaround, take heart
Still, one may legitimately ask
As the current tax year closes and the next tax season approaches, I thought it would be helpful and informative to highlight some past tax statistics and details related to tax filings in general and even some guidance on how you can make the most of this information.
Taking money over time is a tenet of my faith. I believe in God, the Cincinnati Reds and not taking money in a lump sum.
While some schools in China may be taking extra steps to ensure that students are hugged, other schools in the U.S. are doing
City Clerk-Recorder Alan Glover said it took a month's worth of genealogical research to certify that Arlene Magdon was indeed
Still, according to the Los Angeles Times, the plaintiff argued that the airline had committed a breach of contract. Southwest
Face it -- you couldn't enjoy your privileges or do your job as successfully without your network of helpers. John Donne's observation that \no man is an island\ is particularly evident at the holidays.
The ECA's findings are consistent with a number of reports that confirm Asia's increasing economic influence worldwide. A
Have you been unable to resolve an error on your credit report? We want to hear from you. Email us at money@huffingtonpost.com
This year, one of the best gifts you can give yourself for Christmas is an increasing awareness of identity theft. And it's so easy to happen in the hustle and bustle of the Christmas shopping season.
With so many people holiday shopping this time of year, you might think retailers hold all the cards in the winter, but that isn't entirely true.
Last fall, six U.S. banks including Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, U.S. Bank, Wells Fargo and PNC were targeted
The job interview might be the only thing left between you and the position of your dreams. Even when you're the most qualified candidate with references galore, a poor interview performance can leave a lousy impression on a potential employer.
Sing temporarily suspended his Vonage service in April -- along with his plan for free international calls -- while he moved
During the holidays, most of us are out to get the best deal and we often choose to shop at a website that has what we're looking for at the cheapest price. Before shopping at an unfamiliar site, always check out the company first. Do they have trust seals to confirm they are legit?
Thanks to two major X factors -- the fiscal cliff and new bank capitalization standards -- 2013 could be the most eventful period for the banking industry since the crisis years of 2008 and 2009.  Here are eight key things to watch.
As a seasoned financial adviser, it should come as no surprise that knowledge is power -- and that helping your loved ones live the best financial life possible is the noblest gift of all.
But her problems really began when, according to Rose, Chase refused to deal with her case. Rose then turned to two major
The animals' digestive enzymes supposedly give better flavor to the beans, which are then roasted. Prices for the coffee
It's important to avoid a type of retailer-issued financing known as deferred interest because, like procrastination, it could simply delay the inevitable and come back to bite you in the form of hundreds or even thousands of dollars in unnecessary costs.
You just made a bold move to save enough money to buy something for yourself. And, without realizing it, you just raised your own gold standard. And with this new gold standard, comes two scary questions -- what's next, and what else do you want for yourself?
The more we openly speak about the high cost of unhealthy food and how it particularly effects the poor, the more likely it is that our government, and each one of us individually, will do something about it.
Research firm Euromonitor, in a recent report on Singapore's pet care market, said people are spending more on premium pet
In November, asking prices on for-sale homes rose 0.8% month-over-month, for a 3.8% year-over-year increase-the second-largest post-crisis monthly gain (just slightly behind October 2012) and the largest yearly gain to date.
During this time of year, we all get caught up in the spending frenzy and buy things we can't afford. But if we continue to overspend without thinking, it can lead to a very painful financial hangover come the New Year.
Dairy farmers, milk processors and grocery chains are fretting as fewer and fewer Americans drink milk, the Wall Street Journal
Smaller banks as a group stayed flat with a score of 79 in this year's survey, while credit unions fell 6 percent to 82. Credit
Just in time for the holiday season, Private Islands Inc. is advertising a series of private islands selling for under $350,000
There's a new twist on allowance that has emerged over the past few years
While the semantics of the debate seem purely political, I wondered about the actual implications of an increase in tax rates.
In the U.S., the 400 richest people now have as much wealth as 185 million people combined, nearly 60 percent of the entire population. Millionaire households have at least $46 trillion in wealth, yet only one-tenth of one percent of the population makes one million dollars a year.
As of Monday afternoon, there were more than 100 steel cards listed on eBay with opening bids starting at $632. The options
Clearly, there's more work to be done here -- and this doesn't even address the predatory practices CRL will cover in two
It is noteworthy that neither the Democrats nor the Republicans are proposing increases in the estate tax. As always, the latter are putting forth their usual lame arguments for lowering or eliminating it.
Lately, Obamacare has been an unavoidable topic. It's covered extensively by the media and is given extra consideration because of the recent election as well as the Supreme Court's ruling on June 28th, 2012 to uphold the law. But how will it affect our personal finances?
Typically, the longer your credit history, the higher your credit score. Many consumers assume closing accounts they're not using makes them look better to lenders, but it can have the opposite effect.
The survey's one-year inflation expectations rose to 3.3 percent from 3.1 percent, while the survey's five-to-10-year inflation
(WARNING
\At that point, the deputy opened the door and commanded the driver to stop,\ Deputy Thomas Gilliland told the news agency
Falling off the fiscal cliff could mean another recession for the country. Another recession could mean a number of things, including a higher unemployment rate, a slower economy and, of course, more debt. So what does that mean for credit?
Is all debt bad? Not necessarily. Certain types of debt are either beneficial or detrimental as we try to improve our finances.
Unasked for merchandise is one thing, but unwanted weapons are another. In August, Washington, D.C,. resident Seth Horvitz
The fiscal cliff talks have distracted many middle class taxpayers from other tax increases due to Obamacare. In other words, the cost of your grandmother's walker may cost more next year!
Your ultimate goal is good performance with low risk at the end of the day.  Some ETFs might be really inexpensive but who cares if the performance stinks or if they invest in very risky markets?
This past year may not have been the best of times for the global economy, but that didn't stop outrageously overpriced items
Ever wonder what Santa's credit score looked like?
Americans are deleveraging to reduce their debts to manageable levels. What will they do once they get debt to relatively manageable levels, predicted for around mid-2013?
The average LGBT household earns $61,500 annually, which surpasses the average national household income by more than $10,000
\The representations regarding 'free gift' sets accompanying the underlying purchases made by [Toys] were deceptive, false
When it comes to holiday weight, a few poor choices over Christmas can lead to weeks or even months of unpleasant hardship, and it's exactly the same with the debt that you can incur over this holiday season.
The discrepancy between high rollers and sale-savvy spenders may speak to an increasing gap between how the rich and the
From now until New Year's is probably when you have the least amount of time to spare on mundane financial bookkeeping tasks. But if you can dedicate a few minutes to review your benefits and tax paperwork, you might be able to shave hundreds -- or even thousands -- of dollars off your 2012 taxes.
The Temporary Payroll Tax Holiday, a two percent reduction in employee Social Security tax withholding, expired Dec. 31, 2012. Beginning Jan. 2013, the average taxpayer will see as much as a $1,000 decrease in take-home pay.
Holiday shopping aside, there are a few other little bonus items that you'll find especially good to buy this month -- these items truly are December's best buys.
People are stashing more money in locally owned banks and credit unions in the central San Joaquin Valley, while one of the
For those of us that are newbies to the personal finance world with no time to do adequate research, we probably have more than a few blind spots, and a professional eye can really help.
I have read hundreds of articles about this issue and most are overly technical and do not describe how it will impact the average American. So let me lay it out.
\If I ever get to meet [Britney], I want to thank her for giving me this life,\ Weeks told The Sun. Weeks makes musical appearances
The U.S. appears to be behind the curve in terms of making cable services affordable for low-income households. A report
In an effort to help out the struggling actress, Charlie Sheen reportedly cut Lindsay a check for $100,000, Fox News reports
In this case, strategic defaulters make two arguments. The first is that it's the banks' and mortgage brokers' fault -- they
Knowing your network of friends is vital to being a successful regifter, according to CreditDonkey. The last thing you'd
Just as the housing market is recovering, a growing group of homeowners \u2014 widows over the age of 50 whose husbands alone
For American taxpayers who have had their identity used for a fake return, this means delayed refunds, extra costs to refile
By Rick Rothacker * 70 percent would prefer mortgage with primary bank \There is a real threat from new entrants,\ Hautop
\We also have the transcription, and obviously that amazing first sentence
Or, the winner can receive half of $587.5 million as an annuity in payments over three decades, the association said. The
A few bites into her 4-year-old daughter's breakfast burrito, Rosario made a shocking discovery
Gift-giving may never be the same and why that's a good thing.
Meanwhile, the nation waits for the the lucky ticket-holders who matched all six numbers to reveal themselves. \The fact
You may not have won the record Powerball jackpot on Nov. 28, but don't despair. You could still be a winner and not even
Een planners can't plan for the unexpected. My recent escapade planning a trip to a wedding, however, proved to lessen the stress, even when blindsided by extra expenses.
Also on HuffPost
If history is any indication, Amazon\u2019s own products will be hot sellers this holiday season. Last year, customers purchased
Below, a look at Walmart Black Friday deals. This is your spot for details on Walmart Black Friday deals for 2012. The big
This is where you will find a rundown on Best Buy Black Friday deals for the day after Thanksgiving this year. The store
Best Buy will be open until 10 p.m. on Black Friday. Also on HuffPost
There are few traditions more emblematic of American consumerism than Black Friday -- the ritual start of the holiday season
Stores are opening their doors very early and staying open extremely late to accomodate shoppers. Black Friday ads are everywhere
Walmart, the world's largest retailer, will open to Black Friday shoppers at 8 p.m. local time on Thanksgiving -- two hours
Target will open its doors to Black Friday shoppers at 9 p.m. on Thanksgiving. The discounter's decision to open stores three
Here's a list of Black Friday store hours at some of the nation's biggest stores. Times may vary depending on your location
Kmart
Here is a roundup of store hours at some of the biggest Black Friday retailers. Keep in mind, times may vary depending on
The UPS, for instance, considers both Thanksgiving Day and the day after Thanksgiving \holidays.\ That means there will be
It's not without controversy, but in part due to Walmart's push for even more hours this Thanksgiving, opening at 8 p.m., a
If you need a few dollars, perhaps for Black Friday, ATM machines should be operating properly on Thanksgiving Day. The same
These four rewards credit cards offer special deals and promotions that can help you stretch your budget, eliminate interest payments and even score you exclusive access to unique holiday experiences.
\They're opening themselves up to all sorts of scrutiny,\ said Ira Kalb, marketing professor with the Marshall School of
We know that health reform can be complicated and time consuming. Not everyone has the time to sit down and learn the details of the new law -- even if they wanted to. But we also know that it's critical for consumers to know what's available to them and to take advantage of the benefits.
All of this is designed to do one thing
The widening inequality reflected in the gap between the pay of Walmart workers and the returns to Walmart investors, including the Walton family, haunts the American economy.
If you are job-hunting now or thinking about looking for a job next year, or if you are in a job that pulls credit reports, do your career a favor and take some time to look at your credit reports right now.
When it comes to money on Black Friday
Everyone knows November and December are the busiest retail months, but consumers are often left wondering how to shop for the best deals throughout the holiday season. Look no further than this calendar of savings to help stretch your dollar further this holiday season!
Many people have jitters about the markets -- particularly those who are nearing retirement. I find that risk-aversion is acute right now among my clients, and particularly so with pre-retirees.
Gavazzi of Beverly, Mass. was shopping at a local Marshalls last week when she spotted a Vera Bradley purse, CBS Boston reports
As tempting as it may be to donate funds to another or new charity, not all charities are created equal... and some may even be scams!
If Chessell needs a buddy to commiserate with, he should seek out this Florida mall Santa whose rappelling attempt in the
While you are donating to charities in great need, be sure to observe the charitable donation tax rules, maximize that tax deduction and do something nice for yourself -- like getting a bigger tax refund for your good deed efforts.
It is up to each of us to determine how to use our skills, maximize our talents, and fully recognize and implement the resources in our communities to move forward economically. One of the most precious and underutilized resources is the family.
Putting a Price on Tradition When Anna Lo Monaco and her family moved from Belgium to the U.S. a few years ago, her kids
1. \u201cExpect pandemonium at the stores.\u201d Stores are anticipating a huge turnout \u2014 read
Even though many product categories will see new all-time low prices, not everything will be a good purchase on Black Friday. In some cases, you would be better off skipping certain deals and waiting for a better offer later on in the coming year.
The chain is facing push back from employees over its decision to kick off its Black Friday sales on Thanksgiving. Employees
Black Friday was so 2011. This year, \u2018Grey Thursday\u2019 is all anyone can talk about. Some of the nation\u2019s largest retailers
But for some, the hurricane has sparked hope that clean-up jobs could come in the storm's wake. In early November, New York's
After going to the medical offices at Lodi Memorial, Kosta, an 84-year-old man from Lodi, Calif., was told that he had to
The next drawing in the multi-state lottery will take place on Wednesday, Nov. 21. A standard Powerball wager costs $2, but
Gift cards and cash are the top two gifts consumers want to receive this holiday season and prepaid cards continue to grow in popularity, sometimes as an alternative to a checking account and sometimes as a type of gift card.
It can be tempting to embellish the truth on your resume or during a job interview, but as recent headlines about disgraced executives being fired have shown, these lies can come back to haunt you.
Elsewhere on eBay, three boxes of Hostess Chocodiles are on sale for a more reasonable price of $89.95 and a box of Ding
Many retailers are also offering pre-Black Friday deals online, according to BroadChannel.com. The National Retail Federation
We all know the story of the first Thanksgiving. But what if the Pilgrims had to concern themselves with filing a federal income tax return as we do today? What would they be able to claim as deductible expenses?
Cash-back credit cards are never more effective than during the holiday season. Putting all those big-ticket items on your cash-back cards can reap some nice rewards, if you choose your cards carefully. Not all cash-back credit cards are created equally.
Hostess Brands Inc., the makers of Twinkies, Ding Dongs and Wonder Bread, says it's going out of business, leading some Americans
Bad news Black Friday shoppers
Jackie Goebel has worked for Walmart for 24 years, but this year, for the first time, she will spend the Thanksgiving holiday
The book also lists all things a defaulter can expect to happen if he or she walks away from student loans, for example
For investors looking to get more out of their money, it's not as simple as looking for market-rate returns. Impact investors
A standard Powerball wager costs $2, but players have an option to select a \Power Play\ option for an additional $1 when
Nov 15 (Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp is recalling 11,153 Scion iQ hatchbacks because the front passenger air bags might not
An argument over a billing issue escalated into a stabbing this week when a clerk at a T-Mobile store allegedly attacked
We're in debt, as individuals, because of a lack of services. If Washington lacks the political will to address these issues and kick a little ass, we'll do it ourselves. Our message to Americans is simple
\We have been thrown into a pit of financial uncertainty,\ Sposato, who is the comptroller for a national theater group, said
View the NBC News report below. But the doctor now admits that his inexpensive medical care is taking a toll on the clinic's
Daniel Joseph, a 17-year-old from Centennial, Colo., went to the emergency room after a rattlesnake bit him twice, CBS Denver
With Black Friday a little over a week away, the nation\u2019s top retailers have begun to reveal their deals for the holiday
Barker, age 88, hosted \The Price Is Right\ for 35 years, some of it ensnared in controversy involving lawsuits from former
Two years after the implementation of the Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009, not much has changed.
In a statement issued after the ruling Starbucks said it would respect the court's decision. \Since we just received the
The next drawing will be Wednesday, Nov. 14. The Powerball lottery is played in 42 states, Washington, D.C. and the U.S. Virgin
As you're interviewing and negotiating, keep these lessons in mind. You could have everything an employer wants. But if you're lacking in character at the finish line, you could lose the best race of your life. Fast.
In a sign of the trouble they are facing, the Kelleys have hired attorney Abbe Lowell, who represented former presidential
1. We weren\u2019t meant to carry the weight of your future. For more and more Americans, the quality of one\u2019s retirement comes
Ever wish you could make every penny count twice -- especially around the holidays? Here are ways consumers can do what they already do, but also make those actions count for more in charitable and community contributions.
Remember
\u201cThe first thing I was thinking was, \u2018let me see if I can find a name in this book, then I can give back the money,\u2019\u201d the
We all know that Facebook is eating up our free time. But new research suggests that the social network may be making us
If you ask me, many of us (Americans in particular, New Yorkers most of all) have confused work-for-money with work-for-life.
Two examples of this recently went viral on the Huffington Post. The first is a picture of a receipt reportedly left at a
By Dhanya Skariachan Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest retailer, said last week that its specials would start at 8 p.m. local
6. Consider crowdsourcing Earlier this year, we told you about a site called Flightfox, run by experts (also known as \u201cflight
\u201cFor the most part, it is in reaction to the complexity of the legislation and the tax situation that affects Americans,\u201d said
If a financial product is too complicated and too complex for you to understand, this is not an accident. It is intentional. And it will cost you.
At first, Walmart didn't believe the family's story, but finally refunded the money and gave Akers an iPad for free. Akers
Pinder is taking the case to court, but the buyers of her mother\u2019s property are threatening to walk away from the deal. In
The Thomson Reuters/University of Michigan preliminary reading on the overall index on consumer sentiment came in at 84.9
Indeed, a link between money and happiness has been found -- but only up to a certain point. People with lower annual incomes
The election is behind us, but a new uncertainty looms
In the meantime, however, New Jersey residents with refined liquor palates seem to be out of options. New Jersey state law
\u201cThere was a quick initial search done by us and the Iowa Division of Criminal of Investigation, mainly to find DNA, fingerprints
MoneyTalksNews
\We bought deep, very deep, and we bought deep on items that matter to our customers,\ said Walmart U.S. Chief Merchandising
When Mel Angst and her husband, John, decided that their new tattoo shop in Pittsburgh needed better flooring, they bought
Have you ever thought about the gift of donating to a charity or a cause instead? Or better yet, have you ever thought about how donating to a charity can help improve your finances?
While it is doubtful that in the next decade or so we will see debt relief service demand at the levels experienced in 2009-2010, we should see a greater demand in the next three to five years. It will just take time to reload the consumer debt pipeline.
Americans across the country raptly waited as the results from the presidential election rolled in last night. Some election results that may have flown under the radar, however, were a few ballot measures in Albuquerque, San Jose, and Long Beach that would raise workers' minimum wage.
In August, I wrote an article entitled 30 Signs You Were Raised by Frugal Parents. That article was inspired by my own parents
Sometimes all credit cards can seem alike \u2014 or, at least, not different enough to spend a lot of time trying to figure out
Whether or not mold damage is covered in your homeowners insurance depends on what caused the mold and what policy coverage
There is nothing wrong with credit agencies making a profit. They are private businesses. Yet without adequate oversight, these agencies have little incentive to ensure the accuracy of consumer credit reports.
In the wake of the gas shortage, some people have gone to desperate measures. Many have had to drive to four or five gas
And business is booming
Unfortunately, natural disasters, and losses from them, occur each year and will continue to impact people's lives, causing personal and financial loss, and in some cases, even severe financial and economic loss. The income tax rules may provide for a small silver lining if the right circumstances apply.
As gasoline prices plummet nationwide, a gas black market is emerging in Hurricane Sandy's wake. An ad placed in New York
If Nay Pond and Hickory is still out of your price range, there are a few islands around the world available for less than
He is the most indebted person in the world. One of Kerviel's lawyers, Olivier Metzner, previously explained to CNN he believes
Gasoline prices averaged $3.5454 per gallon on November 2, down 20.75 cents from October 19 when drivers were paying $3.7529
One reason for that is many producers' contractual prices with retailers were set this spring when feed was far cheaper as
Like most people, you're probably performing many more financial transactions electronically. But it doesn't mean electronic transactions are risk-free.
If you have that much money and you're doing anything other than giving it away  or thinking about how to give it away, then you have been overrun with greed and self-absorption.
By Jan. 1, 2013, not only will millions of people owe up to 20 percent more in estate taxes, but their options for asset protection will be significantly worse, as everything over $1 million will be subject to the highest rate of taxation. Not fully exploring your options now could prove very costly.
The Mayan calendar \end of times\ prediction scheduled for Dec. 23, 2012, might not be all bad when compared and contrasted with some of the other predictions associated with Taxmageddon and the fiscal cliff on the horizon.
There is no reason to assume the big banks will be around in the long run. Therefore, do not take comfort that your money is safe with them. If you have less than $250,000 in an FDIC insured deposit account, then at least you have the US standing behind the claim. But, otherwise, beware.
Even for those in their early working years, home financing decisions now and in the years ahead directly impact your bottom line in retirement.
When investors like Silby and Mailman were starting out, Nelson said, \they were total rebels. Most people told them, 'This
A recent survey -- commissioned by Adobe and conducted by research company Edelman Berland -- found that consumers view advertising
Politicians, not bankers, are the culprits this time around -- siphoning billions from that historic settlement and pumping it into their broken state budgets.
What was Hartsburg's motive? \I wish it could be a more noble cause than just saying, 'hey, let's have a good time',\ he
Omidyar Network also works with companies that seek to create greater governmental transparency. Janaagraha, a nonprofit
Will it be Obama for another four-year term or will Romney win? Regardless of who your choice is, the real question is, have you taken into consideration how politics affects your personal finance?
Here are the 10 cities where job growth is happening the fastest
Dogs may be a man's best friend - but not necessarily when that man is a sheriff's deputy in Nebraska. American Family estimates
The agency said Wednesday that starting Jan. 2, 2013, it will begin oversight of the largest debt collectors, making sure
We've all heard of (and maybe had) common dreams people have when they're under pressure professionally. Sometimes, reality is even scarier than our dreams, and these common job interview mishaps are too nerve-wracking to ignore.
Considering the uncertainty of what's ahead, it's not surprising Americans intend to put money away for a rainy day. But
We live and work in a day and time where for most people, money is scarce. Should the lack of it continue to be a liability for so many?
Imagine having to figure out a way to pay $5,000 per month for a period of five or more years -- during a time when, by definition, you will not be working. That's at least $300,000 worth of care, and it's a real issue for millions of boomers who are careening toward retirement at a growing pace.
\There's not a ton of things to do with those deposits, and so this is very much in keeping with that kind of a strategy
Many of the 17 employees from the former Herman Avenue Elementary School in Lemoyne who split the Super 7 jackpot reunited
No need to give Gary Root a penny for his thoughts about President Barack Obama and the 2012 election. According to The Smoking
In a new report entitled State Of The World Cities 2012/2013, the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (U.N.-Habitat
While some national polls have Obama and Romney tied with 47 percent of voter support each, Obama masks are outselling Republican
Money makes many of us miserable. Study after study shows how financial worries make us fat, stress out our kids, cause us to lose sleep, and ruin our relationships. So what are we to do?
Looks like the popular kids from high school are getting the last laugh after all. A fresh look at data from the Wisconsin
Perhaps that explains the retirement anxiety, which has begun to afflict some people still in their thirties. Many Americans
Are you in the market for a new vehicle? While you may be dreading the prospect of negotiating with a salesperson, you have important choices to make
NEW YORK, Oct 21 (Reuters) - The average price for a gallon of regular gasoline in the United States fell more than 8 cents
First, the SOCAP team is responsible for running The HUB Bay Area, community spaces where social entrepreneurs can meet, network
While Mitt Romney and President Barack Obama debate who's is going to help the middle class more, the two candidates are
As tens of millions of Americans are paying off medical bills over time, the potential for damaged credit is great. Many government agencies are beginning to take notice. Unfortunately, the consumer credit reporting industry is fighting efforts for consumer protection every step of the way.
No single question is of greater confusion so far in the political process than which candidate's tax plan is better for America, the majority of taxpayers, and better for you personally.
If you hit your retirement savings target a little early, you might need a higher target to account for the fact that if you retire early, you'll have to live off those savings for a longer time.
This isn't the first feel good lottery story we've read this week. Sandeep Singh, a Massachusetts man, claimed a $30.5 million
The video also includes the lyrics to the parody, complete with such posh gems as \We go to Chambers here, it's where you
Job fulfillment can be leveraged to assess the skills mismatch that many employers claim exists in the country. A great start to tackling this problem can be broken down with the following, distinct steps.
For about the price of an entry-level luxury car, the Atlas Survival Shelter promises prospective buyers relief from tornadoes
Money can bring power and security, but it also can bring insecurity. People who are rich never know if someone likes them for who they are or for their money. Many develop the attitude that everyone wants something from them, and they are often right.
Notably, it didn't matter whether you looked at large banks, small banks or medium-sized banks
I'm writing about indebtedness today because I'm in serious debt to the people of Nepal. They had to feed me, teach me how to behave, and rescue me from baby cows for over a year.
In Tuesday night's debate, Romney offered up the latest rendition on his tax plan, which includes slashing marginal tax rates
Other studies have shown that what part of the country you work in also has a dramatic effect on your happiness in the office
A number can't tell you much of anything, except that creditors consider you a good or bad credit risk. But the factors that make up your credit score -- like your percentage of on-time payments -- do tell you how where you need to change your financial behavior.
We don't necessarily believe these things should be free, but we think a normal person who works for a living should have certain things and be able to afford to do certain things.
Stashing allowance money and birthday cash in a porcelain pig as a kid is like hiding money under the mattress as an adult
Medicare's 2013 open enrollment period runs from October 15 to December 7, 2012. For most current enrollees, that's the only time to make coverage changes for the coming calendar year.
How a spoonful of bullying, plus a heaping pile of debt, helps turn students into doctors. 1. \u201cBullying, teaching. Same difference
Doctors at Eric's trial said he had developed \popcorn lung,\ or bronchiolitis obliterans, because of exposure to diacetyl
Compared to a NASCAR weekend, not much of a consolation. Lottery spokeswoman Sally Lunsford told The Huffington Post the
Under the current program, a law school graduate who has around $122,000 in federal loans and a starting salary of $65,000
Last year, Americans spent a total of $2.3 billion on Halloween, a record high, according tothe San Francisco Chronicle. For
The website may look official at first, but an attempt to click through may prove otherwise. Click over to RomneyTaxPlan.com
The report highlighted three servicing issues of particular concern
Foote was driving up from rural Mexico, where he had spent two years traveling with his wife on a business journalism fellowship
According to Duncombe's calculations, the cheapest menu item at McDonald\u2019s that comes with game pieces is an order of hash
The Dow hit a level not seen since December 2007. The questions many are asking are
Fake check scams are on the rise, according to the Federal Trade Commission, but it's usually innocent people -- not stores
With the holiday shopping season right around the corner, economists are watching consumer sentiment to see if the recession
Money is about emotions. This is a primary reason that people blow through their money so quickly. They don't know what they are doing, but are convinced that they do. By the time they figure out their lack of knowledge, they are broke.
Regulations pertaining to the housing and lending industries are a necessity, but so are clearly defined standards and requirements.
Years later, having paid off all of this debt and having a totally different frame of mind as it relates to personal finance, I wonder what it would have taken to have prevented me from making all of those financial mistakes so early in my life.
The final deadline for filing their annual tax return, October 15, is coming up fast.
Last year\u2019s flooding throughout the Midwest pushed prices of some pumpkins 60% higher around the U.S. This year, widespread
In March, Willow Tufano, then 14 years old, grabbed headlines after purchasing her first home for $12,000. Tufano isn't rich
Investors have been lulled to sleep by the lullaby song of stockbrokers and bankers who croon that bonds are safe and that equities always outperform bonds in the long run. Wake up before another nightmare market crash shakes you violently from your peaceful slumber.
We've all been there
Walmart has also been accused of religious discrimination. This June, the world's largest private employer agreed to pay
Courtney Akers wanted a tablet for her 15th birthday but never imagined when she opened her gift that she would get the 20th
By Phil Wahba In February, J.C. Penney stopped offering coupons and most of the hundreds of sales events it used to hold
The paralysis of financial fear can be life-destroying. But, utilized in a positive way, fear can create a heightened sense of awareness, be a motivator and instill determination leading to success.
As for me, I grew up with my grandma. And I guess because she had suffered a lot due to her wealth and ancestry during the
\There were so many zeros I couldn't even work out how much it was,\ San Jose told Sud Ouest. And though it seemed like an
But it seems that New York tourism has rebounded strongly from the recession. According to a report cited by the New York
Peterson said she bought the severely undervalued house in Detroit's Boston-Edison Historic District for $23,000 in 2010
Managing finances as a couple may seem scary, but if done right it is an opportunity to build a life together as a true partnership.
Unless Washington acts in the lame-duck session after the November elections, top rates for capital gains from most sales of assets owned more than 12 months are scheduled to increase. They will go from 15 percent for 2012 to at least 20 percent for 2013.
The country remains deeply divided about how to fix the economy. But we can all pretty much agree on one thing
The good news is it already felt like the second quarter was weak; the GDP report just confirms it. The bad news is the third quarter feels pretty weak as well.
Nearly all pet owners, or 97 percent, said they would cancel a spa treatment or massage for themselves in order to pay for
Barack Obama says the recovery is underway, and all our economy needs is a little stimulus. Mitt Romney says what this country needs is a president with experience in creating jobs. The truth is that neither camp is admitting the truth.
Lady Gaga, who put on some weight recently, announced in September that she was \proud at any size.\ Having a healthy body
I was at the ATM last week, when I saw a technician checking on the machines. He told me he checks all the machines from
The roughly 6 percent of U.S. homes that rely on the fuel will pay an average of $407 more this winter, according to the
Bidding must have reached the boiling point. One of the first thermometers made by Daniel Gabriel Fahrenheit sold on Tuesday
At one station in West Los Angeles, Rick Lee, a restaurant and club manager in his 40s, said he had not yet noticed a fall
Though our interactions on social media platforms are frequent, and while it's common to ask our networks for advice on both personal and professional matters, it's still a complete taboo -- in case you didn't know -- to talk about money online.
Scroll down for a photo of the coffin. England has seen it's fair share of stumbled upon valuables in the last couple of
(h/t the Chicago Tribune) According to Huffington Post calculations, for every 100 pounds in your car, you can expect to
I've got nothing against money. I like money. I like having it. I like spending it. I've got two kids to put through college. It's just that not everything we do needs to be monetized.
The test of the \Walmart To Go\ service began in Northern Virginia and Philadelphia earlier this month and is set to expand
As part of his much-discussed tax plan, Mitt Romney has said he plans to eliminate or place caps on certain deductions and
Here are a few methods, from simple coffee breaks to Panamanian CEO retreats, to avoid work burnout and recharge your business
\u201cMy mom has a limited income. This is costing us a great deal,\u201d Richard told the New York Daily News. He added that while
\In the old days, all of the great deals were on Black Friday, but now you see some great deals on Black Friday and lots
If you think your rights are being violated by your cable service provider, the Federal Trade Commission can help. Click
PHOTO of McPherson and Manzi with their winnings
At first, I thought that the problem was people getting too much money too quickly. I assumed that controlling the flow of money, such as giving them monthly payments for a lifetime, would keep them in line. It's a little more complicated than that.
That's what happened with J.C., who asked that her name not be used. J.C. took out about $41,000 to help her daughter, an
While the recession may have taken a toll on pet ownership, as Americans own fewer pets than they did in 2006, it seems we're
Those lucky enough to have their hands on some syrup are taking advantage of the shortage and heading to eBay to auction
As I watched Governor Romney in the presidential debate Wednesday night I was reminded of a financial tactic the candidate's political supporters and financial backers on Wall Street used during the mortgage boom -- the one that netted them billions of dollars while simultaneously pushing the American economy off a cliff.
Miguel Cabrera's Triple Crown win was a victory for the baseball player, whose name will forever be enshrined in sports history
You and I might revel in the crisp autumn weather, but your credit score hates this time of year. The reason? Starting in October and continuing through the next 90 days, many households dramatically increase their spending.
As I said in my last post, when investing clients tell their stockbrokers that they want to minimize their risk to world events, brokers typically suggest that they increase their holdings of bonds and decrease their common stock holdings. In today's world, this is terribly misguided advice.
You're excited to get the hot new cell phone... but your phone is pretty much out of date before your contract is up! Getting an even newer I phone is out of the question and can cost you as much as $800! Did you know that you can get a newer cell phone for less?
Insurance companies make money because almost 90 percent of all life insurance policies lapse Let's look at a few of the options you should consider before allowing their life insurance policy to lapse.
If you wait till the very last minute, you will find some heavily discounted (yet picked-over) Halloween costumes. But, if procrastination isn't your thing, shop consignment and resale stores.
Our schools play an important part in educating our children but they don't teach them everything. As parents, you will want to give your kids a head start in life by teaching them about credit before they leave the nest.
Even though the wave of attacks didn't impact customers' account security, it underscores the new world order that surrounds
As it turns out, Francis' bill nightmare didn't end up costing her much more than some frustration. Verizon withdrew the
The $10,004 winning ticket was bought by one of the employees at a convenience store in Hiawatha, Iowa, according to KCRG
A McDonald's and Muchas Gracias restaurant in Longview, Wash. as well as another McDonald's in Woodland and a Dairy Queen
Highly trained dogs are working to catch tax-evading smugglers in Italy. Read more on CNN Money
The latest housing information indicates that home prices have continued to make a slow and steady recovery. That's good news for the economy in general, and specifically could help homeowners and depositors in savings accounts.
A new whistleblower program at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has just finished its first year and the first
Money, for sure, is a great motivator. The topic of paying kids for good grades, however, is controversial. Some parents say it's akin to bribery. Others insist it's similar to handing out annual bonuses for a job well done; it's just an additional incentive to motivate you to work hard.
No matter how diligent your efforts to get yourself off unwanted mailing lists, you're probably still going to get some junk mail. But it's good to know there are ways to significantly scale back the amount.
Gray debuted with the multiplatinum album \Oh How Life Is\ in 1999, and musical stardom also translated into movie appearances
By no means should people frivolously, haphazardly and carelessly pick a financial advisor. But there's no denying the intrigue of this potentially groundbreaking concept.

With holiday shopping on the horizon again, many banks have shifted their marketing toward interest-free purchases and away from fee-free balance transfers.
Take home pay may be lower beginning January 1, 2013 unless we get some changes to the current expiring tax provisions. Why? Three major areas of change.
Mitt Romney's now-infamous statement, \My job is not to worry about those people,\ pretty much sums up the Republican nominee's true feelings about who he represents. And if you're in serious debt, it looks like he's talking about you too.
Michael Simpson was eventually declared the winner, and Scott says he has legal issues with Simpson's entry, too. He also
Got milk? Your answer may be no come January when milk prices could double. Correction
Animal-rescue volunteers need to be mindful of tricky rules for donations, whether they take the form of gifts of cash or property or volunteer expenses. What follows is a summary of the many possibilities.
According to a study released Tuesday by State Budget Solutions, a nonpartisan group pushing for state budget reform, every
The Biggest Little City in the World is also the most in-debt city in America. Reno, Nev., holds the distinct of having the highest average debt load per person, with the average resident holding $27,320 in non-mortgage debt.
(Hat tip
On average, middle-income families have enjoyed around $1,000 in additional income from the payroll tax cut this year. The
Prenups can be a daunting process of mutual and self discovery. In the long-run, though, it's better to move into a house with clean closets than one with layers of clutter, mess and chaos behind each closed door.
We've become desensitized to the true value of large amounts of money. You might therefore be inclined to brush aside the fact that American consumers are projected to incur $43.5 billion in credit card debt during 2012 for the second consecutive year. That, however, would be a grave mistake.
I spend a lot of time reviewing the latest tax laws and how they can affect you, but it's fun every now and again to take a step back and look at some of the stranger nuances of tax law.
Auto products manufacturer The FRAM Group decided to help send Dunning back to the University of Michigan's Stephen M. Ross
The 4-letter \F word\ you need to know about is FICO -- it's the score that determines if a lender will lend you money and how much they'll lend you and at what interest rate.
One of my HuffPost Live segments Thursday was on why it's so hard to say \I can't afford that!\ Shame, of course, ruled the
There are literally thousands of federal, state and private assistance programs designed to help seniors and others cover their basic needs. Your challenge might be finding ones for which you're eligible. Here are a few suggestions.
If you are a homeowner facing foreclosure or who has been foreclosed upon, it may look like nothing has been done to help you.The good news is that many steps have been taken to bring help to people who need it. The bad news? They don't matter unless we take advantage of them!
With consumers expressing confusion over their banks' fee structures and banks ordering transactions in such a way as to maximize their collection of such fees, people continue to get hit with the mother of all fees.
Watching 17 porn films in four days would be an impressive feat for even the most avid flesh film fan. Watching five films
8. Indivisibility problem. Suppose you sold all your wheat for a pair of shoes. What if tomorrow, you want to use part of
The most important question a cashier can ask you is this
\[Nick is] a nice young man. He's a hard worker, and he's a cancer survivor willing to give back, so he's really an exceptional
Floor layouts, salespeople's strategies and even storewide sales tap into our most basic consumer impulses. We asked two former department store employees to reveal their juiciest secrets so you save more.
The alleged scam, reports CBC News, hinges on smugglers sneaking cases of \brick\ cheese from the U.S. into Canada, then
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman ordered offline Idealcorp.net and Survsonl.com, both of which are run by T. Crefideal
Our list of this season's best hotel credit cards features rewards programs that maximize your earnings without holding back on bonus rewards.
Did you know that a change in marital status, having a child, or sending one off to college, even a change in employment status, can affect your tax return?
(Reporting by Ashutosh Pandey in Bangalore; Editing by Gary Hill) The agreement comes almost two months after Capital One
According to a new survey from Bankrate.com, only 39 percent of banks today offer non-interest checking accounts free of
I knew of a woman who was always trying to meet a guy driving a new Mercedes. She should have been looking for someone who drives a 10-year-old Toyota. The Toyota driver is more likely to have real wealth in the long run.
Some other airlines are testing a modified version of free in-flight Internet, but those feel more like access to a digital
Years ago, a board member brought me into a corporation to lead a team in creating two products that he felt would boost the stock price. Here's how it happened.
They say everything is bigger in Texas. But apparently that doesn't apply to credit scores.
Over the years, the rules governing Social Security benefit determination have become so convoluted and indecipherable that even the people working at the local Social Security offices routinely get things wrong.
if you're considering buying a home, review the proposed forms to get an idea of which costs you should be watching out for. Here are some factors future homebuyers should keep in mind.
Completely passive investing in which investors hold a very broad diversified mutual fund or index fund, and hold it forever under a buy and hold strategy creates its own unique set of problems for the individual investor and for the market in general.
Smith, from North Yorkshire, UK, unwittingly racked up the massive credit card bill while playing the popular children's
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, food and beverage service workers made a median hourly wage of $8.72 per hour
Cracking the PIN puzzle has always been a major hurdle for thieves. But stealing or guessing a PIN number is not the only
SAN ANTONIO, Sept 19 (Reuters) - More than two-thirds of Americans are now living paycheck to paycheck, according to a survey
Compared to other private equity titans, Mitt Romney is arguably poor. The 2000s -- the decade when Romney ran the 2002 Winter
In an interview following his win, Lawson said he didn't see a lavish life in his future. \Yeah, I\u2019m a millionaire now, but
Middle-school teacher Leeann Barrett just wanted to work. But to find a good teaching job, she had to leave Eugene, Ore., where
About 350,000 of the sugar babies advertising on SeekingArrangement.com are college students, according to CNN, and two-thirds
(Hat tip
\Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust,\ counseled Oliver Wendell Holmes more than 100 ago. The advice remains sound today -- depending, of course, upon whether you know how to choose the appropriate trust for your circumstances.
(News 8) Check out some other nightmarish stories that involve Walmart
Mitt Romney's comments regarding the 47 percent of Americans who pay no income tax is getting lots of attention today. Our
Most Americans say they\u2019ve made big financial mistakes, with many people costing themselves thousands of dollars, according
Are you frustrated with your finances? Drowning in debt? Or just not sure where your money goes each month?
One of most folks' biggest goals is to reach the stage in life when you no longer have to work in order to pay the bills. The earlier you begin planning seriously to achieve this goal, the more quickly you'll reach it -- and the more money you'll have when you do.
Ah, the old farm stand, that seasonal roadside wellspring of sweet, ready-to-be-shucked corn, crisp and juicy apples or jugs
In early August, Forbes Leadership put out a call for nominations for our inaugural list of the best career websites, largely
Last month, Bank of America rolled out a remote deposit app and other big banks including JP Morgan Chase, Citibank, PNC
Nothing worse than clipping a great coupon and then letting it expire. If you create an effective organization system for your coupons, you will be much more likely to use them before they're outdated and you'll breeze through checkout without fumbling through a wad of paper.
Valuing\u00a0small amounts of money is directly connected to paying attention to life's small expenditures. And it's the small outlays of money that you have the most control over.
Recently, an accomplished professional woman told me she had wanted to marry a rich man at one point in her life. My response was why?
Here are five that the experts say are worth bookmarking
For Wall Street, Saturday is a gloomy anniversary
He may have survived the Borg, but it appears that Time Warner Cable has assimilated Sir Patrick Stewart's life-force. Or
RELATED
In addition to the egregious stated fees, stockbrokers, mutual funds and financial advisors on Wall Street have many methods to hide additional fees and charges from you.
These latest FDIC figures underscore how disproportionately single mothers face conditions that lead to poverty. According
Each fall, countless retailers run back-to-school specials that promise big savings. But the best money-saving opportunity for students may just be at their local bank.
There is an implicit promise in America that as long as you work hard, you can raise a family and lead a comfortable life
As Betsy Myers says in Take the Lead, leaders aren't fearless but have the courage to confront and push through their fears
The U.S. is being split into a collection of islands for the rich and a vast land mass for the poor. Just as in third-world countries, if you want to lead a comfortable life, you have to be rich.
The American dream may be more out of reach, but it's not impossible to achieve.
Deciding on a mortgage is likely the most important financial decision consumers will ever make, yet borrowers are more often than not taking the first loan offer that comes their way, failing to fully capitalize on low rates by comparison shopping.
Democrats must get serious and back legislation that protects all the relief won in the National Mortgage Settlement, not just some of it. Republicans must stop their willful obstructionism, and follow through on their oft-repeated promises to prevent taxes that hurt the economy.
Still, the circumstance brought to mind a February incident in which liquid thought to be excrement from a jet rained on
If Pig-Pen of \Peanuts\ fame were a classic car buff, this model would be nirvana. But this isn't the stuff of comic strips
FutureAdvisor appears to have the most promise for both beginning and advanced investors. Its free services are robust, though
Over the past few years the weak economy, tighter regulation and low interest rates have put pressure on banks to find ways
What do you think? Are deals like the Coeur d'Alene's touching, or tacky? Leave your thoughts in the comments section below
We are killing this country. CEOs, entrepreneurs, bankers, lawyers, doctors and politicians at the top are all benefiting from the lower cost of labor for their employees and the lower cost of goods imported from low-wage countries. But our workers, our dear workers are getting crushed.
There's been a lot of debate recently about the value of U.S. currency, with the GOP now including an exploratory gold standard
Which will be the best jobs to apply for if Romney wins the election, and who will be hiring if Obama is reelected? Although this is somewhat speculative, making career choices with election results in mind is not without merit.
When the couple moved into the house in Pound Ridge, New York, they say the electric substation near their 6-acre property
\All we did was bring it back down to pre-prime-time levels,\ Greenblatt said. New details of NBC's \The Tonight Show\ budget
The myths surrounding money are numerous and widely held, especially among the young. It's a shame, because pursuing myths will lead you astray, waste your time and, taken to extremes, ruin your life.
\Helping individuals be more active is important and fitness professionals can be at the center of that,\ he said. \The obesity
If you communicate with your mortgage servicer in writing and do not receive an adequate response, you should notify your local or state consumer protection office.
The first thing I tell lottery winners, widows, widowers or others who come into large sums of money is to watch out for their family and especially for newfound \friends.\
Investors have been sold a very big lie over the years, that greater diversification always leads to higher risk adjusted returns.
But not all hope is lost. Here's what Levin advises this citizen to do immediately to help protect herself. Wednesday night
A few years ago, Peter Frew came to New York with an important professional skill. He was one of maybe a few dozen people
When you spend money on one thing, you're choosing not to spend it on another. This is a key tenet of the Get Rich Slowly philosophy
\This year, highest wing prices we've ever seen in a sustained level,\ said Sally Smith, Buffalo Wild Wings CEO in an earnings
In honor of our newest offering, I wanted to answer the three questions about mortgage rates that I get asked most often.
The transition from summer to fall is a great time to release new models and send the old to the clearance section. Here's what you can save on in September.
I really wanted the job because I thought scrawling my full-name and social security number on the necessary paperwork was
Zong Qinghou, head of China's third- largest beverage maker, is the country's richest man after disclosing his stake in closely
Promising temp-to-perm positions petered out for my husband. Asking for raises lost me clients as a freelance writer. Unemployment ran out. And now, with two kids in preschool, our \trimming down\ is more like a Brazilian bikini wax.
Can you find one person in the middle of the middle class that is feeling secure, safe, and encouraged by their financial future? No, what you find in today's middle class is uncertainty, insecurity, fear, and attempts at holding on with very little results.
Got $100,000 to spare? It could buy you a sleepover at the White House. As the presidential election heats up, so too does
(SCROLL DOWN FOR INFOGRAPHIC) Prices for health care-related goods and services, higher education and food have all jumped
3. \My only credential? A passion for fashion.\ With its legions of self-styled experts, YouTube has lowered the barrier
Time ran out on Thursday for a Georgia woman whose rare infection led to a quadruple amputation and whose husband's unsuccessful
However, there is a key difference between checking accounts and prepaid cards. Banks must give checking account customers
If it's \their\ money, shouldn't they be rewarded for saving by being able to buy what they want? Er... no. We wouldn't allow our kids to buy endless amounts of tooth-rotting candy, would we?
\I said, 'We're wanted -- in the lotto,'\ he said during a Friday press conference. Watch More News Videos at ABC | 2012
\u201cThis man felt compelled to write us, looking for what he lost,\u201d Mayor Bill Simpson said. Washington is one of five states
The so-called American Dream\u2122\u00a0revolves around ownership. Owning a house, owning a car, owning that picket fence surrounding
High-end services and lavish benefits are the weapons of choice of marketers hoping to attract ultra-high-net-worth individuals
My advice, at least for those of us still in the workforce, is this
Any excessive bills are not welcome, as cable television bills have already skyrocketed in recent years, causing some to
Walmart declined to give details on where the test might lead, but it could conceivably allow for scanning on other smart
h/t Yahoo! Car owners who are intimidated by the often lengthy and sometimes complicated owner's manuals can find a wealth
If your credit score has taken a summer vacation, it's time to make some commitments to yourself to make some changes there, too.
\Are you better off than you were four years ago?\ President Ronald Reagan asked this question in 1980 and Republicans are
CORRECTION
Authored by George Washington University sociology professor Ronald Weitzer and Los Angeles sexologist Christine Milrod, the
Learn to repair a car, too. You can at least save on basic maintenance, and you'll have some fun along the way. And you never know how talented a mechanic you'll be.
Personal finance isn't about pinching pennies, it's about becoming wealthier, or at least maintaining your current wealth. In the case of combating rising oil, while pinching pennies doesn't hurt, it doesn't come close to solving the problem.
Selch's antics might cut it in a Hollywood movie about an iconoclastic executive, but in the real gray-flannel world of banking
Those who get tips as a normal part of their jobs often have the ability to write their own raise. It is one of the advantages to what are often seen as low-paid service jobs. Here are some of the ways that tipped employees boost their income.
Compensate, meaning a free meal. But for a guy getting paid $2.13 an hour without tips, Miller seemed to be genuinely enjoying
Don't let gas prices put the brakes on your holiday plans. Use these easy tips to scrimp painlessly on food. You'll enjoy a healthier, less stressful weekend.
There can be no better way to honor the American worker then to support an increase in the minimum wage to a living wage of at least $10 per hour. That would be one Happy Labor Day.
This year, as millions of students begin college or their college search, their parents will go along for the ride literally, figuratively and financially.
Raise your hand if you've heard that an improper Facebook post could hurt your chances with a potential employer. (Well, okay
Labor Day is here. And though you'll have to put your white pants away in storage until next season, you may also want to
Once they do find a job, many Gen Yers look for employment in companies that allow for flexible schedules and embrace their
The MasterCard comes with built-in controls so that cardholders cannot use it at liquor stores, bars, escort services, casinos
With the election coming up and the choice left to either Barack Obama or Mitt Romney, anyone concerned about their personal finances might want to look at the positions of the two candidates and factor that into their voting strategy.
In speaking with my financial advisory clients, I find the most misunderstood concept is the difference between nominal returns and real returns. And Wall Street brokers and bankers are very quick to take advantage of this situation.
Branson said that his Galactic spaceship will be ready to take fare-paying customers into space by December 2013, according
If you want to see the most commonly used \final grade\ -- your FICO credit score -- you're expected to pay $19.95. That's not fair. It shouldn't be allowed to continue, and you can help change it.
Money troubles don't only bubble up after someone loses a job or builds up debt. Some people believe they create their own
We're a society of consumers. Often we buy on impulse and we eventually end up with a houseful of stuff we no longer need
Do you spend a lot on your credit card? If you do but don't use a credit card that earns you the best rewards, you're not
I am sick of hearing about the trials and tribulations of the middle class.
In a press release detailing the auction, Sotheby's describes the chairs as a pair of Huanghuali Yokeback Armchairs dating
Bank of America and Fifth Third are the latest banks to roll out streamlined forms that outline key policies and fees for
\u201cWhen I jokingly call myself a \u2018prostitute\u2019\u2014or not even jokingly, seriously, with a client\u2014he\u2019d be like, \u2018don\u2019t say that
Being on TV today is an indication of a good publicist more than genuine expertise. Harmless when you're talking fashion, perhaps, but dangerous when the advice concerns your life savings.
Even though 85 percent of parents say they'll find sales, here's one surefire way parents can save a little money and teach a valuable lesson
HuffPost Live will be taking a comprehensive look at the persistence of poverty in America Aug. 29 and Sept. 5 from 12-4
Has your credit score taken a hit because of the Great Recession? Foreclosures, unemployment and other financial struggles have hurt a lot of people's credit history. So how do you go about fixing it?
Whether it's one million or ten million, people will still fall prey to these schemes until they pay attention to some basic rules of thumb to help you avoid them.
New Balance's shoes, which originally retailed for around $100, were introduced in 2010 and advertised as stylish toning
Grocery chain Kroger Co often offers gasoline discounts to loyal patrons. Warehouse clubs Costco Wholesale Corp, Wal-Mart's
Payday lenders know their name is mud. That's why they've started calling themselves \nonbank lenders\ -- nixing any mention of \payday,\ in hopes a name change will help shed their loan-shark image.
Is the Fed to blame for our ills?  A forthcoming film, The Bubble, makes that case.
Until the age of 30, Marc Allen's life was pretty much a mess. He got fired from several jobs; he was always living on the edge financially; he was homeless at times. He woke up on the morning of his 30th birthday and realized he didn't want to live like that anymore.
In my book 101 Weird Ways to Make Money I have a section on making money outdoors, with the focus on the more unusual occupations. Here are some of the ways covered there that can get you out in the sun and fresh air (and rain and snow) while you make a living.
The expectations index tumbled to 70.5 from 78.4, while the present situation index edged down to 45.8 from 45.9. The Conference
Some Hawaiian restaurants are guilty of charging foreigners an automatic tip, too. Waikiki restaurant Keoni by Keo's was
(Reuters) - While most tax news in this election cycle is focusing on expiring tax cuts, what may be most revolutionary about
The S&P/Case Shiller composite index of 20 metropolitan areas gained 0.9 percent on a seasonally adjusted basis, topping
You should never rely on someone else to manage everything for you. Does this mean, now that I'm grown and married myself, that I regard my husband with perpetual skepticism, always under the assumption that he's about to take the money and run? Not at all.
This is not the first time details of the Romney family saga have come to light. The prominent Mormon's family history has
The back-to-school season can teach us a few things about our improving our credit scores, too. Here are three lessons we can learn.
Taking over an aging parent's finances is a difficult -- but important -- step to protect them from the consequences of neglecting their accounts. But once adult children have made that difficult decision, they may find that they have to deal with another obstacle
They face ongoing frustration in dealing with servicers while they implement their programs, time delays, lost paperwork, and stress. Add to that a lack of accountability on behalf of the banks and faulty practices like robo-signing, and homeowners are vulnerable to mistakes and wrongful practices.
To continue reading, click here. 4. We're hiring our competitors to do our jobs for us. 2. Our retirees are just fine, thanks
In 2009, Ford brought its new supermini, the Fiesta, over from Europe in a brave attempt to attract the attention of young
As you have learned, one of the consequences of not paying what you owe is \horrible credit.\ However, with time your credit
Do politics drive voters' spending habits? A Scarborough Research study shows that Republicans are more likely to grab a
We all have to pay taxes and no one wants any trouble. Follow these three simple rules and you'll reduce your chances of
The Federal Communications Commission is eyeing a proposal to tax broadband Internet service. The move would funnel money
July's jobs report may prove to be good news for the economy. But if you want good news on bank rates anytime soon, you'll have to make it happen yourself.
Unfortunately, most of the money kids earn is spent on buying toys or hanging out with friends, leaving little money leftover
While it's possible to make the argument that there are worse ways to waste your money than playing the lottery, there's
This is the first in a new series on personal finance. Each Friday morning I will be exploring ways for you to become better investors. We begin with the first installment that is a list of the 20 ways Wall Street is ripping off small investors like yourself.
The strangers at Ruggiero's table owed $42 for their pizza. A generous 20-percent tip would have left Ruggiero with $8. Check
Prices may also play a bigger role in determining where Americans shop as people continue to deal with the financial consequences
According to the New York Times, the debt collection industry has been a heavy user of \robo-signed\ affidavits. Remember the robo-signing debacle with mortgages?
The 66-year-old widow placed the \u00a35 bet (about $8) in honor of her late husband Eric, a man who \loved a bet,\ according
But the FTC said the people behind that system and two others made false and unsubstantiated claims about how much money
Tropical weather is heating up! Now that we are in the thick of hurricane season, you may be wondering about disaster insurance
With issuers dangling bonuses like $100 cash back just for signing up, it can be easy to lose sight of exactly how rewarding
However, even the beloved American Express has some potential black marks on its customer service record. As the Huffington
Is the era of free stuff coming to an end? Many signs would point to yes. Banks continue to slap on fees for what most considered
For longer trips (such as the 8-1/2 mile jaunt into downtown Portland), I've been using my bike. Portland has one of the country's best biking cultures, so this is easy to do. And fun. And it's cost effective. How cost effective? That's the real question, isn't it?
Dreaming of these beauts or something similar? They\u2019re not a purchase to make lightly even if you have the cash, as Money
By Alistair Barr The new cards will have a Discover Issuer Identification Number, or IIN, a code that identifies the card
But a month later the account sprang back to life, becoming what is known as a zombie account. And it's still not dead. What
We have buyers and sellers who cannot come together on a sales price due to a third party interfering with the market value. The results are a shifting population and a creation of a heretofore unknown predicament for the middle class.
Okay, I've admitted it
We can't all afford to have an army of pros perfecting our hair, nails and makeup before we leave the house--which is why
Imagine this
Income taxes are such a pervasive and everyday part of our financial lives -- and such a central issue in presidential campaigns -- that they seem to have been around forever. They have not. Their debut is relatively recent.
We spoke with four people about their experiences as debt collectors and what consumers should know when they get on the phone with them.
Greed got us into our economic and environmental crises; sharing might just get us out of them.
Can't keep up with your bills? On average we receive eight to 10 statements per month. Paying them all in a timely manner
The rich are not redistributing that money back to society. Total tax rates are roughly flat in effect across income levels
Yes, sometimes the topic of personal finance is a bit dry. But personal finance explained in beer? Now we're talking. Read
\I don't recall the quality of [the video] being excessively great,\ Patrick Townsend, a special agent with the Iowa Department
In January, a New York City Papa Johns customer got more than she ordered, when her receipt came back with \lady chinky eyes
LearnVest
Americans in southern states were the most likely to have a hard time buying groceries, while residents of the Mountain Plains
So while Facebook was once a great social media platform, both individual and corporate users are calling to question its relevance and the return on investment from using this platform.
Nearly any way you slice it, checking accounts became a little more expensive in the first half of 2012. However, the results also indicate that consumers still have several options for combating these costs.
Last year, the average cost of infant care was higher than $10,000 per year in 19 states and Washington, D.C. Infant care
Attention office workers
As The Huffington Post reported earlier, the reopening of an old account can be unexpected at best and costly when overdraft
RELATED
* Picture of Asian woman on banknote removed after complaints * Bank of Canada makes rare apology, first since 2003 Carney
While there are some financial benefits to long-term separation, there are also risks in remaining legally married, such
Three days after Darrel Dalziel died in late February, his son, Lew Channel, called T-Mobile to cancel his father's cellphone
That's the case of Michael Prozer, a one-time star on Bravo's \Millionaire Matchmaker\ who pleaded guilty in federal court
The winner had not come forward by Thursday evening to claim the third-largest winner's share ever for a U.S. lottery, which
People are out of work, deeply in debt, and having their homes foreclosed. It's a grim picture. However, that is not an accurate picture of the whole country. The fact is that credit conditions vary radically from state to state.
Instead of calling the creditor and dealing with the embarrassment and frustration of trying to work out a payment plan, start with a smaller goal in mind
The lottery is ruining your life. Whether you buy lottery tickets once a day or once a year, the lottery is destroying you because it is insidiously convincing you that the only way you can succeed in life is through luck instead of skill.
1. Anytime you have to call customer service because of a grievance (airlines, electronics, utilities, ESPECIALLY for health
Didn\u2019t get a raise this year? Blame inflation. To be sure, employees are better off than they would be if prices started
What do you think? Does it pay to buy a lottery ticket? This week's $337 million Powerball jackpot -- the fourth-largest
Personal finance experts like author Dave Ramsey promote the snowball method, which is based on the idea that by starting
There is not much academic research on mobile payments and consumer behavior, since the technology is still only a few years
If you have the drive to be an entrepreneur, but have concerns about going out on your own, you may want to consider a franchise business.
The U.S. population of dogs, cats, pet birds, and horses has plunged. There now are 3 percent fewer dogs, 9 percent fewer
The Fed is like a poker player who has been dealt a weak hand. It's easy to criticize a losing player, but when one looks at the cards, it's hard to say exactly what should be done differently.
Warren Buffet is one of the world's wealthiest men, but spends like a struggling middle class professional. Although we can't all be worth billions, we can all learn from his example of spending less than he earns.
The credit card industry can be tricky and the lack of financial literacy can create a financial nightmare. There's always the \fine print\ details that most consumers overlook.  How many of these were you aware of?
\You can't be Robin Hood and the Sheriff of Nottingham,\ said Alfonso Alonso, spokesman for the ruling People's Party (PP
As he wrote in the Daily Mail
Identity thieves are eager to make you one of the nearly 9 million people in the U.S. whose identities are stolen each year
While families must recommit themselves to stricter economic discipline and prioritize saving over spending on \wants,\ families cannot do it alone. Investing in children should be a national priority.
Managing my wealth this way allowed me to achieve financial independence at the age of 34 as well as avoid the market crashes of 2008 and 2009.
More than a third (36 percent) of respondents expect higher food prices because of it. Here\u2019s how they plan to avoid a bigger
The job search is a marathon with many different routes and many different finish lines. No one says it's easy, but no one says it has to be difficult. So brace yourself for the experience and make the best of it.
I feel like I've been finessing the art of spending less money without crossing the line into insane-cheapo-lady for, well, my entire existence. Like everything in life, it's both an art and a science.
RELATED
\u201cThis is the most comprehensive rising fee trend we\u2019ve seen in one of our checking account surveys,\ said Richard Barrington
Think you deserve a higher salary? You're not alone. Salaried workers (those not eligible for overtime pay) received an average
To be sure, VA loans aren't the best fit for every military borrower. Veterans with sterling credit and enough cash to cover a healthy down payment might want to seek conventional financing. But that's far from the norm for most service members and their families.
Otto was reportedly buying shoes for her 100th birthday celebration on Oct. 18, and it was the store that offered her the
Do you spend the month of December annoyed and stressed out because your family's gift-giving expectations are out of control? Please take comfort in knowing that you are not alone.
That's a right some residents in Bellingham, Wash., are lobbying for after droves of Canadians began flooding the Costco
For anyone who spends time pondering the cost of keeping the lights on and the staff paid at their houses of worship, the
Benchmark December corn futures at the Chicago Board of Trade are up 60 percent since mid-June. (Reporting By Steven C. Johnson
As for Peterson, who has helped send more than three dozen veterans to the nation's capital by selling hamburgers, holding
Whether you want to buy a new car or rent an apartment, your credit score can help lenders determine how attractive you are as a borrower. The problem is, many of us don't know how our credit scores are calculated or how we may be damaging them.
Summertime means beach, barbeques and much needed vacation time. Probably the last thing on your mind is your taxes. Yet this is the perfect time to review your tax situation.
With the new school year right around the corner, many families can expect to shell out hundreds of dollars on new school
It used to be that with dedication and a good pair of scissors, one grocery shopper could get the same coupons -- and cheap
Recently, over a dozen stolen high-end cars were discovered in shipping containers at a port in Los Angeles. The cars, which
A new school year is beginning, and while kids are heading back to reading, writing and arithmetic, parents are stressing about time and money.
Say cheese! Believe it or not, a big smile may be your key to a stress-free life. A new study from the Association of Psychological
With deposit rates continuing to fall, consumers need every edge they can get to earn a decent yield.
Without a doubt, there's a huge chasm between the current exemptions/rates and the proposals.  Does a senior optimistically plan for the $5 million exemption or look to a much pricier reality with the exemption at merely $1 million?
If you are a recent college graduate, or planning to enter the workforce in the near future, here are some suggestions to put yourself into the circle of most-appealing employee prospects for companies like mine.
Cutting back on pharmaceutical costs -- without cutting back on the medicine you need -- is easier than you think.
Like a lot of other young people, I never thought about health insurance until I got sick. I was 22, and my adult life was
RELATED
The rise in mobile banking comes as banks look to cut costs by closing branch locations. Bank of America has said it planned
This won't be the first time tenants end up suffering because of their landlord's failure to pay the bills on time. Earlier
Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney has acknowledged that he had money in a Swiss bank account until 2010. Romney
For all the buzz about how much television news anchors earn these days--Matt Lauer recently made waves after reportedly
The reality is that a college degree is table stakes in the job market today, and figuring out how to foot this bill has become one of the greatest financial challenges facing parents.
Because asking prices lead sales prices by approximately two or more months, the Monitors reveal trends before other price indexes do. With that, here's the scoop on where prices and rents are headed.
Check out these secrets for scoring Wi-Fi, music, software and classes without paying a dime. Read more on CNN Money
John Noerr, 39, discovered that the digital camera's memory card was still intact with 581 photos on it that could be used
The library card, which Presley, then 13 years old, signed to check out a copy of \The Courageous Heart
We compiled a list of the most recent reported tuitions at some of the world's most expensive schools. These costs do not
On Tuesday, Ortega's net worth rose to $47.4 billion, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index, thanks to Inditex's
Buchanan, a former Comcast employee, and the others are believed to have sold service upgrades to more than 5,000 Comcast
The study showed that the cost of using a prepaid card was a minimum of between $3 and $10.50 per month, with some cards
\We\u2019ve seen in recent weeks the tremendous damage these guns can do,\ Dan Gross, the president of the Brady Campaign said
From iPhones to even selling my car, Craigslist is my go to website for selling and buying everything. Here are five tips I've learned.
Slim Thug
Marriage doesn't have to be a lifeline for financial stability. Yet for many women, it is still a primary economic building block.
In a lot of ways, learning to be smart with money can be like learning to ride a bike. At first, the ride can be wobbly. Sometimes you might even fall.
Our survey of the market's best cash-back credit cards reminds us that you can earn some significant rebates, just by focusing your spending through the right account.
Hell hath no fury like a customer scorned. We've all been there
RELATED
In 2010, 741 tax returns were filed to the federal government from a single address in Belle Glade, Fla., the South Florida
It turned out, yet again, that the Fed has no miracle answers to the economy's persistent malaise. The only question is why anyone thought they'd pull a rabbit out of the hat in the first place.
If you're not in this situation, imagine how hard it would be to try to build a credit history when no one will give you credit. If you're IN this situation, it probably feels like you have an up-hill battle just to get those essential-to-life loans that other people take for granted.
Contrary to what many self-employed individuals believe, long-standing regulations usually prohibit most of them from claiming bad-debt deductions on their federal and state returns when they are unable to recover amounts due from clients and customers.
The average 55-year-old has about $40,000 in their retirements account, but they need $1 million.
LOOK
1.\Our customers are worn out.\ 2. \Be careful of that app.\ Some people's relationship with their God is also being interrupted
Have you ever thought about chucking it all and taking to the road full-time? if you're free to roam, you could join some 1.3 million Americans who are full-time RVers.
President Obama and Mitt Romney would do well to point out that having our primary system of saving be an institution that neither Democrats nor Republicans can figure out and which can't pay a very large chunk of its bills going forward is doing no one any good.
Smart shoppers know that to score the best deals, timing is key. Just as there's a best season to buy certain items, there's
One hundred thousand dollars. Since the 1980s, the magical \six-figure\ salary has been a benchmark for financial success
Americans need about $1 million in retirement savings to generate $40,000 per year in retirement income, according to Kiplinger
In addition to searching for full-time work, some unemployed Americans also may be looking for a good night's rest. According
Jim Holt is off the hook for $19,295. After collecting 19 months of unemployment benefits, the checks suddenly stopped coming
In preparation for the show's new season, we reached out to star Doug Clark to learn how budding house flippers can get into the game without losing their savings.
With a quarter of a million dollars, you could buy a lot of things. With its hefty price tag, Azature claims its valuable
Workplace stress isn't just hurting employees. The World Health Organization estimates that stress costs American businesses
The nation's biggest credit card companies are under increasing pressure to stop selling add-on credit card products to customers
In our home we call it the Money Game because the better we play that game, the more money seems to come our way.  You may laugh, but we've been doing it for over 30 years, and it's paid off big time.
Just as you wouldn't attempt competing in a challenging sport right away without practice and coaching, so too, in careering, you need to be technically skilled and mentally secure before taking a big leap.
Rent or buy? It's a popular topic, and plenty of experts are quick to trot out a simple rent vs. buy index and tell you that if you live in, say, San Francisco, you should be renting, while if you live in Detroit, buying makes more sense.
I volunteered at this organization through out college, and now I'm employeed there through the AmeriCorps Vista Program
I've never bought my own handbag. For years, I was afraid to buy my own clothes. For years, I didn't need to buy my own clothes
Savings at the grocery store start with organization and planning. With just 45 minutes, a computer and a weekly grocery circular, the average shopper can go home with $260 worth of groceries for less than $150.
While we may be assigned roles in life early on, it's up to us whether or not we stay in them. I don't want to stay in mine.\u00a0I don't want to rely on anyone for money.
The deck is stacked. The game is rigged. The system is unmanageable. With each passing scandal, it gets a little bit harder
No one wants to find a credit card missing from his or her wallet or discover an odd charge on a monthly billing statement
A United Airlines flight from China was recently delayed by three days. According to ABC News, the situation was so tense
1. Check that your moving company is state & FMCSA licensed. You can quickly search on your state and FMCSA websites. If
Massachusetts could have learned its lesson from another state. After Michigan retiree Gerald Selbee figured out how to game
Celie Niehaus woke up one day with a spending hangover. She was in her late 20s at the time, and in deep, deep credit card
For the unawares, the Baby Boom generation is on the verge of retiring with nowhere near enough in the way of assets to see them through their old-age.
Furniture
Eating at home is an easy way to cut back on costs. The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that the average American
While companies lost hundreds of thousands of dollars to the fake print-at-home coupons, it's unclear whether Henderson made
And it doesn't appear that big banks really want to stop the exodus of pocket-change customers. Deposits at the biggest credit
Renting a home? That we've heard of. Renting a casket? Not as much.
People of color disproportionately received federally insured loans -- backed by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) or Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) -- to finance the purchase of their homes and to refinance existing mortgages.
If you're a young adult, college student, or previously \unbanked,\ understanding your needs and priorities is paramount to picking the account option and bank that work best for you.
If you were in this position -- your only debt was your mortgage, you had ample emergency savings, and you had an extra chunk of cash -- what would you do?
A recent Yahoo! Finance story also notes that during the 2010 Winter Olympics, Russians received $135,000 for gold medals
Speaking of contrarian indicators, on Tuesday Pimco founder Bill Gross, manager of the world's biggest bond mutual fund, declared
Family members bought more than 15 properties with straw buyers' credit. A straw buyer, according to the Register, is someone
Consumer fraud and unfair business practices have become the hallmarks of how banks have been treating their customers.
Only a few days earlier I had driven my leased car to the dealer and handed them the keys,  and I had no idea how I was going to pay rent that month. Maybe I was crazy, but then again dreamers always look a little crazy to those that have forgotten how to dream.
Now that the Supreme Court has upheld much of the act's constitutionality, it's a good time to review key provisions that have already gone live and to plot out what's expected to happen in the next two years.
But while some athletes will leave this year's games with little more than they arrived with, it turns out that all those
Employers customarily award severance pay to their former employees -- but there are some income, employment and possible excise tax implications to the employer and former employee with respect to severance pay.
For business owners, minding the Olympic-viewing habits of their employees too closely may be a mistake, says John Challenger
While much of these findings can be filed under common sense, this is the first academic research to study the differences
My first thought always is, how can I justify being out of the workforce and spending all the money for two years and then spending another several pursuing a dream or a vision that may or may not get me anywhere?
A flood of Huffington Post readers -- insured and uninsured alike -- responded, sharing their stories of skipping care because
What's probably keeping you from mastering money is that you're wasting energy wallowing in self-pity and fear, while failing to take action that just might get you moving up and out of the pit.
More than 11.6 million Americans became victims of identity theft in 2011, 13 percent more than in 2010. With a few simple steps, however, you can avoid becoming part of this statistic while you're away from your home.
LOS ANGELES, July 30 (Reuters) - A handwritten pitch and drawings for the television pilot episode of \The Muppet Show\ by
Ready for a night out? Sometimes the best summer \vacation\ is a break from your kitchen. And it's entirely possible to take a hiatus from cooking without breaking your budget.
A growing number of savvy investors are profitting off of the volatile housing market by buying foreclosed homes from big
Now, Slowe has to choose between college and life-saving health care. Massachusetts could provide her insulin but not the
Police caught two criminals in Washington who allegedly used skimmers to steal about $1 million from ATM users, HeraldNet
Setting aside any personal or family issues that come to mind for many when they think of divorce, ending a marriage has
It's not surprising that banks and financing companies aren't winning any popularity contests with teens. But like many financial literacy educators, I'm concerned that kids aren't learning strong life skills to manage their finances.
EBay Inc. is exploring ways to harness an untapped class of buyers
But many consumers are not doing their part, either. Less than 40 percent of Americans actually bothered to take a look at
A middle-income family will spend $235,000 (or $295,560 if adjusted for projected inflation) to raise a child from birth
What does the \American Dream\ mean to you? For most people, it means if you work hard, you can raise a beautiful family
A representative from Westpac bank, where the man's mortgage is held says, \We will do whatever we can do within the guidelines
Some states with well-managed pension plans can continue providing benefits as long as they are disciplined, but many states can't continue with the status quo. Here are five truths about state and local pensions.
Demand for frozen yumminess rose so high this year that Good Humor has been experiencing shortages of some of its classics
Lavoie didn't even realize he'd be shortchanged on the ticket until his son called to congratulate him. His son reminded
WASHINGTON, July 26 (Reuters) - The number of Americans filing new claims for jobless benefits fell last week to near a four
What do you say to someone who has followed all your suggestions, done his homework, and is a good man... A good man who just can't seem to catch a break.
If you're considering funding an increasingly expensive college education, there's a right way and a wrong way to go about it. Taking out loans in your name\u00a0that you might not be able to pay back?\nThat's a financial road you don't want to go down.
To land a sweet deal, you're going to have to find it. Here's how.
Rich people also are more likely to be disinterested in the welfare of others and cheat on a test to get ahead, research
Most Americans would not be able to survive a financial emergency such as a job loss. Only 25 percent have enough savings
In the media, women are commonly depicted as compulsive shoppers prone to frivolous spending. So which gender-related differences in spending habits are based on stereotype and which are based on fact?
Beginning in 2007 I experienced the most devastating time of my life in almost every way -- personal bankruptcy, financial ruin, embarrassment, and self-doubt. At the end of the worst of it, I found a new direction.
There is one thing that sets me apart from the other soccer moms, which is that I am a member of \The Compact.\ And no, that doesn't mean that I practice polyamory, weave my own caftans and practice 140-degree yoga. It means that I don't buy anything new.
According to the Daily Mail, when cops searched Aqueveque's home, they found dozens of bags of toys. Cops discovered that
The findings coincide with a Bankrate.com survey that showed the financial security of Americans deteriorating. In July, the
A new report shows that the public pension picture is much grimmer than official numbers projected. Drastic reforms, innovations and political courage are needed to put our states and municipalities back on the path to fiscal survival.
I find ways to cut expenses every day for homeowners, and I've used these same techniques to cut more than $6,000 from my own expenses so far this year. The good news is that most people can use this strategy and achieve similar results.
After you say \I do\ and slip the ring onto each other's fingers, you are accepting that person for better or for worse... INCLUDING their credit score.
By Jonathan Stempel The credit card settlement requires approval by U.S. District Judge Maxine Chesney. A hearing to consider
By the end of last year, I made closer to $15,000 than $20,000. I reviewed an album for one music website (that shall go
It's debatable whether or not the housing market is actually making a comeback. What we do know, however, is that it's a
Sign-up bonuses and rewards points aren't the only ways today's best credit cards pay for themselves. Customers who qualify for \elite\ or \signature\ credit cards often earn extra perks that can save time while eliminating common expenses.
The glory days of tax-free online shopping may be numbered. But shoppers can still come out on top by simply thinking ahead
Now, as card issuers seek to attract and retain low-risk cardholders who swipe their cards for everything from a daily coffee to a first-class ticket to Hong Kong, many issuers have dropped the FTF on their travel cards.
Such complexity has been an ongoing complaint for consumer groups who want checking accounts to be more user-friendly, with
In this Internet era, your legacy will likely live on long after you die. Do your family a favor and spare them from having to deal with these issues by addressing them now.
I WORK on retirement policy, so friends often want to talk about their own retirement plans and prospects. While I am happy
What if right this moment your salary doubled in size? Imagine the possibilities
Money is abundant and flows spontaneously in life. Money allows me to express myself fully and contribute generously. What's
One recent Friday morning, I went to work. Not to any glass-blocked high rise, or a sprawl of windowless office buildings
Things start to really change in the fall, when the divorce heats up. You and your brother choose not to write an affidavit
The behavior of the largest banks is not only rapacious and destructive to the social fabric, it is also stunts economic growth. They are not investing the huge resources they have accumulated in ways that would stimulate the economy.
Over 3,000 manufacturers distribute nearly 330 billion coupons per year worth an estimated $208 billion according to the
The foreclosure review materials scored ZERO readability -- the only documents I know of that score that low are IRS publications. Is that the standard the regulators and servicers wanted to match?
WDRB 41 Louisville - News, Weather, Sports Community Identity theft is a headache and can affect you in a number of different
THIS month the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau proposed new rules to clarify the terms of housing loans for millions
In it first 365 days, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has already done more to protect the American public than this do-nothing Congress has accomplished since it was sworn in back in the dawn of 2011.
The concept of collaborative consumption really isn't new
Trouble with banks was one of the first harbingers of what has become known as the Great Recession, and of the lackluster recovery that has followed. Perhaps an improved banking environment will be an early signal that the economy is finally getting healthy again.
\They are trying to get an angle and be sophisticated and get a [higher return] or a discount on a trade,\u201d Statman said, adding
Police got on the Smirnovs' trail after large quantities of Crest teeth whitening strips, Rogaine hair growth treatment and
Some online deals are too easy to find and too hard to pass up. My new fondness for coupons started when I was visiting my folks in Florida. Before entering the Gap Outlet somewhere along the Gulf coast, I found an Internet coupon on the sidewalk
A new analysis by Insure.com reveals how consumers can often find like-minded folks at the same auto insurance company.
It doesn't matter how much time or money you've spent. Given where you are right now, do you want to continue on this path, or take a different one?
Hennemen's friend, Josh Rigiero, ran after the suspect, who tried to leave the bank when he became suspicious, KTVL-TV reports
Income inequality also is taking a toll on some Americans' love lives. Three in four single women said in a recent survey
Have you ever wondered why your best friend has a totally different approach to spending money than you? Or gotten into a
In connection with the settlement, the bank also agreed to stop marketing the extra products until it implements a new plan
It's little surprise that traffic tickets can lead to higher insurance premiums. But as travelers hit the road this summer
Even if you're not specifically looking for a flashier title or more money (although who isn't?), these tips will help you become--or remain--a valued employee.
Summer jobs are a great opportunity for young Americans to learn about income taxes, and also to increase their personal financial literacy by understanding that taxes are not just automatic and don't always result in a refund.
Just as the iPod upended CD sales, Amazon\u2019s Kindle and other e-readers now account for a huge chunk of all book purchases
Recent research concludes that there is a link between foreclosure rates and mental and physical health problems, as well as suicide attempts.
Mercer, another consulting firm, also found last year that companies planned to give an average pay raise of 3 percent this
However, the price of airline tickets fell 2.5 percent. Housing costs were muted, with owners' equivalent rent advancing
Unfortunately, only 39 percent of families said they had thought about how they would pay for all four years of college compared
Airlines have good reasons to be wary of drunken travelers causing problems. In March, an inebriated passenger got so out
\The property was looted, and we feel it was unlawfully taken,\ Paul Fischer said. \Why shouldn't the children have it and
Having a place to live has become more difficult for people at the lower end of the income scale. The rental market has become
A weak economy is causing hardships for many Americans now, but it could hurt even more in the future. A sustained period of low salary increases, poor stock market returns and low savings account rates has made it very difficult to keep retirement savings on track.
Billionaire Mark Zuckerberg is giving new meaning to the term \the one percent.\ The Facebook Inc. (FB) founder refinanced
Along with over 5,000 blinking, whirring digital gambling machines, the new Resorts World Casino, opponents predicted, would
An organized and optimized wallet can help you save major money in two ways -- limiting spending and optimizing your credit rewards.
As customer service becomes progressively automated and outsourced, do customers still get served the way they used to? \No
Money Talks News
Hey, I like new toys as much as the next guy, but it's time to grow up, America. We need to learn to walk softly, even when we're carrying a fat wallet.
The effect the European debt crisis will have is a matter of degrees and exposure. It's hard to discern how these unfortunate events will affect us and what actions we should take. In other words, what do we have control over and when are we just being reactive?
Consumers tend to prefer brand-name laundry detergent and other cleaning products, Nelson says. The risk
Four decades after the movie \Jaws\ gave shivers to ocean lovers, many would-be scuba divers still fear a face-to-face encounter
The total cost of Cox's crash remains to be seen, but the last accident to earn the \most expensive car crash\ title resulted
The majority of American women are now breadwinners in their households, according to a survey conducted by Prudential Financial
As you wait for the elevator to arrive after another mediocre day at the office, you give yourself an all-too-familiar pep
Wells is also paying $50 million to set up a Wells Fargo Borrower Assistance Program of down payment help for borrowers in
What red flags should partners look for if they suspect financial infidelity? Here are a few telltale signs.
We've all complained - whether to a neighbor, grandma or politician - about high gas prices at one point or another. This
If you are graduating with student loan debt, you may be overwhelmed by the amount you owe. Six months after you stop taking courses (at least half-time) -- whether or not you've graduated -- your federal student loan bills starting coming due.
If you've ever booked a hotel room only to be slammed with severe sticker shock upon check-in, you know that sometimes surprise
When you're polling consumers who are buried in debt, it's simple to blame overspending as the preliminary cause, but in reality it's a combination of not having an emergency savings fund, not budgeting, and trying to live the life of a rockstar.
American Olympians are just weeks away from representing their country in London, but many will return home -- medals won
About 10,000 Americans a day are turning 65 years old. While Wall Street's 401(k) plans have done nothing to help retirees enjoy their golden years, defined benefit plans are the best way to support retirees and allow them to continue to contribute to their local economies.
That overstuffed wallet of yours can\u2019t be comfortable to sit on. It\u2019s probably even too clunky to lug around in a purse, too
In today's world of $33 club sandwiches and 23-carat gold edible cupcakes, there's nothing stopping extreme foodies from
For some borrowers who have had a few hard knocks to their credit in the last few years, a new score could be a good thing
When United Airlines announced that it was going to raise bag fees to $100 on many international flights, Fox News advised
\We have the headphones on because it makes the voices clearer,\ McElvoy explained to the Star Telegram. \The ring he first
But for others who are not as vigilant, one missed payment or minimum-balance-only payment can quickly snowball into a carried
Correction
Colorado, for one, accidentally overpaid $128 million in jobless benefits last year and now is asking those recipients to
A 32-year-old French man who goes by the name \Andre\ recently put 7,000 video games from his collection up on Ebay \u2014 and
You'd think this summer would be a great time to shop for that diamond engagement ring. The wholesale price of a one-carat
Think you have tax troubles? Jacynthia Quinn probably has more. A U.S. Tax Court judge recently slapped her with a civil
But the value became apparent when her sister, 71-year-old Jan Hansch, sat down at her home in Belgrave, Australia for a
Merchants may soon begin to impose a surcharge each time a customer pays with credit card, a practice Visa Inc. V -2.23% and
IPSWICH, Mass. \u2014 A Massachusetts businessman is engaged in a legal battle with AT&T Inc. over what he calls a fraudulent
If workers' hourly pay is low, getting paid by the hour may be worth it only if they regularly work overtime. Hourly workers
This let's-live-for-today approach has become a macro and micro economic problem. It's macro because it hurts our economy. It's micro because tens of millions of Americans face retirement without adequate savings.
While some Bay Area dispensaries have always been cash-only, some are concerned that the new rules may marginalize low-income
Paris and New York are also popular student destinations. In February, Russian fertilizer oligarch Dmitry Rybolovlev paid
The Cook Islands, a South Pacific tax haven, offers Swiss-style secrecy for wealthy investors. July 9 (Reuters) - Denise
Monday's proposal is the bureau's first that would change how people get mortgages. WASHINGTON -- The government is proposing
Lottery winners have the same financial and social issues that other people have.  Only their problems are magnified 1000 percent.
Although winter car care gets more publicity, there's no reason to neglect your car come summer time just because the weather is nice. Here are a few things you can do during summer time to keep your car in tip-top shape.
\I don't know that there's anything that says that because you're paying out of pocket, you're going to get worse care,\ Cuello
Now Fite has a possible windfall on his hands. While wine can turn to vinegar if it stays in the bottle too long, whiskey
Judging from recent reviews on Yelp, the Center for Counseling, Recovery & Growth was the place to go to turn your life around
Summer is just not the same without a good barbecue! Here are eight cost-effective tips to get your BBQ on this summer without feeling guilty about the extra party costs.
Car enthusiasts at the Bonhams Goodwood Festival of Speed witnessed a record-breaking auction when a classic Rolls Royce
Homeowners who were facing financial difficulties find themselves at risk of foreclosure, especially if the insurance premium is substantial.
Many faith-based institutions offer a broad base of support, including food pantries, counseling and help accessing social services. Why not extend that support by helping to address another one of the problems their community faces
New York's story follows on a run of coverage looking at the differences between the way rich and poor people think. Last
Rather, the spectacle -- in which $5,000 in bills were thrown out of a window -- was executed by an activist group called
Buying a home is now cheaper than renting one in most U.S. cities. But as lenders tighten their borrowing requirements, it's
Former Miccosukee attorneys Dexter Lehtinen and Guy Lewis, former Miccosukee financial officers Miguel Hernandez and Julio
* New filings fall to 632,130 in first-half of 2012 \We are on pace for perhaps the lowest total new bankruptcies since before
If there's still lifestyle inflation in my world, it takes the form of the products I choose to buy. It used to be that I'd pay middle-of-the-road prices for middle-of-the-road products. Not anymore. Today, it's all or nothing.
If you think Americans look out of shape, you should see their bank statements.
What could be better than celebrating the promise of America with free (or almost free) food? We found a number of restaurants
WASHINGTON, July 3 (Reuters) - U.S. consumers continued to make improvements in paying back their debts during the first
If you are among the millions of Americans planning to host a 4th of July cookout, you should expect to spend quite a bit
If you don't agree that the ACA is a giant step forward, try asking a family who doesn't have health insurance and can't afford medical care for a sick child.
When politicians implore me to go shopping to \improve the economy,\ I'm inspired to swap, borrow, and make do with what I have. When I hear that more stuff means more happiness, I become that much more passionate about living with less.
Unfortunately, Social Security has some very nasty \gotcha\ provisions, so if you take the wrong benefits at the wrong time, you can end up getting the wrong, as in smaller, benefits forever.
For example, at Wells Fargo a basic checking account cost $7 per month in monthly service fees--compared to $10 for a similar
As a result, there have been countless cases in recent years of people allegedly collecting Social Security checks for relatives
The importance of keeping investment fees low is a good rule of thumb, not limited to 401(k) plans. We want to be mindful of the fees we pay when it comes to any investment.
Credit card rewards programs are so varied, it can be difficult to determine which product should earn prime placement in your wallet. Here's how to figure out which one you should be favoring.
Kristin Harriger of Abilene, Texas was recently hit with a $1.4 million utility bill. Upon contacting her energy provider
\It's not the main reason, but it is a compelling reason,\ Jacobs said. By Deborah Zabarenko To sell cars or anything else
Republicans framed Obamacare, or the Affordable Care Act, as a loss of individual freedom.  But the only freedom lost is the freedom to be treated without having to pay for it, which is what the uninsured do when they have to go to emergency rooms.
It turns out it's not just Orbitz that's judging consumers. Consultant Andrew Fano recently told the Economist that at least
Being a super income-earner is great. However, that investment of your time will not outlive your job.
I get it. Money is an awkward subject to begin with. And the topic of finances can seem complicated when compared to drugs and smoking, where the lesson for kids is a simple
But he warns that the final bill could vary wildly. But call a friendly island broker and you'll find that around the globe
TCF joins several other renegade banks in offering free checking including PNC, TIAA Direct, Ally and ING, which has the
This summer, some 11 million children will head off to one of the 7,000 sleepaway or 5,000 day camps in the U.S., according
Money Talks News
* Views of economic prospects, employment dim \Since these households account for a large share of total spending, if the
What should we expect to see? \We're giving you the chance to give it back, no questions asked,\ the hotel wrote on its Facebook
Don't expect the cost of health care to get cheaper as a result of the Supreme Court's decision largely to uphold the Affordable
Billionaires could be a dying breed in the United States--but not so in China. The country saw a 20 percent increase in the
Nationwide, the cost of health care has skyrocketed. Premiums for employees rose 3.8 percent at the end of last year, and
As I work with my clients, I often consider what financial independence means for them, especially in terms of making their dream of retirement a reality. This month, I thought I would share my thoughts on the key elements of financial freedom.
Right now the big dream is landing an apartment that has an oven and a fridge, but you would be surprised how easy it is to exist without these supposed necessities.
Homeowners seeking a review on whether they have been unfairly foreclosed have been granted an extension, but the deadline is almost here.
Some insured may already be getting rebate checks from companies that do not spend the required ratio of premium dollars
I'll wager that when most brides and grooms utter the phrase, \For better or for worse,\ the \worse\ they're imagining probably involves situations like getting laid off or a prolonged family illness -- not being the victim of tax fraud perpetrated by a current or former spouse.
What's a reasonable fee to pay for investing your own money? The answer
Imagine this. You're in an important job interview and your cell phone rings. Do you answer it? You're asked a question about your former job that you despised, do you diss it?  You feel pretty confident about yourself, do you puff and preen?
Everybody knows how important it is to maintain good credit, but a lot of people don't know how. Some think it's necessary
THE Haggler\u2019s column about a man whose Facebook account was hijacked by a sneaker-selling spammer provoked a lot of been
When we showed you how Abigail Dalton planned her picture-perfect wedding for under $4,000, nearly 100 of you jumped in to
Repairing a shoddy credit report requires time, but there are few steps you can take to expedite the process. Here's what to do if you're hoping to give your score a boost by Labor Day.
According to the Guardian, the largest previous find on the island occurred in 1935, with a discovery of 11,000 coins. Check
If you have a lousy boss (and I had a few, as have we all), if you are bored at work, if you are out of work, if you have a crappy job, I invite you to join us.
Following a two-year sting operation, this week's credit card fraud-ring bust resulted in the arrest of two dozen hackers
Since 2009, the IRS has launched several programs to incentivize the disclosure of offshore accounts. The Offshore Voluntary
While the proportion of adults inquiring about their credit score has increased to 44 percent from 37 percent in 2011, most
If ever time to apply your emotional intelligence, it's when you have your performance appraisal.
After paying off all my credit cards, my auto loan was the only thing between me and complete debt freedom. Here are some of the best methods to pay off your car loan, credit cards, or any type of debt even faster.
I'm going to go ahead and assume is this
Would returning to a speculative, boom-and-bust housing market help poor and middle-class Americans? Or is there a better way?
University presidents and economists like David Feldman and Robert Archibald often cite the Baumol Effect (named after a
Many credit unions also offer small-dollar loans at lower rates to members with good credit ratings, and the loans are structured
If you're a typical 401(k) investor, perhaps you check your account now and then to see how your investments are doing. Or
\When shopping malls were built, the idea was for folks to come and graze from anchor to anchor,\ said Mark Vitner, senior
2. \Kindle Fire? You might be happier with an iPad.\ That's not to say reviewers don't tap their inner Parker from time to
A girl serves as the vehicle for the ad's little joke, but it would be awfully tough for Nestle to have the 100-year-old
Beyonc\u00e9 once rented a three-bedroom mansion in Manhattan's Soho neighborhood that is now on the market for $100,000 per month
My son starts summer camp tomorrow. And this is what I have learned as a parent about summer camp
Get help paying your rent and find additional resources if you are a veteran, senior citizen, or live in a rural area. To
A recent study by the Employee Benefit Research Institute found that nearly a third of all American workers have less than
There is nothing quite like that first drive of summer with the top down. In honor of that tradition, Total Car Score has put together a list showcasing seasonal vehicles that are synonymous with summer fun.
Learning the rules of credit isn't always as straightforward as you might think. Sometimes, doing something you might think would be great for your credit score can actually have an unintentional negative impact.
See photos of dogs at work, submitted by readers and our coworkers here at HuffPost
If kids learn good life lessons from athletes' diligence and team work, then they can also learn a few personal finance lessons from their money mistakes.
The Minnesota Goodwill posted an inquiry on their Facebook wall asking if anyone could prove the ring was theirs. As of Friday
As Americans watched their nest eggs sink during the Great Recession, many wondered whether they would ever be able to retire
The 33 local student-run credit unions supported by Community Financial Credit Union recently finished another successful
An autographed manuscript of Lincoln's 1864 election victory speech sold for $3.4 million in February 2009, which set a record
Car thieves are slacking. The number of auto thefts in the U.S. fell for the eighth consecutive year last year, according
Steven Balmer, in a report for Traveler's Insurance, explains, \Employees may be motivated by events going on in their own
\I don't feel comfortable leaving the office with everything going on,\ he said. Martiak, whose firm has $300 million in
According to a new report by the Tax Foundation, New York collected on average $1,796 per person in state income taxes in
Last fall, there was a lot of talk about customers switching banks with the Bank Transfer Day movement. While the movement
Purchasing a home is far cheaper than renting in 12 U.S. cities, according to Business Insider's analysis of a recent report
Renting can be an option this summer when you're ready to hit the open road, as long as you keep a few points in mind.
If Gen X can set aside our cynicism, embrace our strength for commonsense solutions and turn that into a political voice for a practical and equitable answer to the funding gap, this is one \disaster\ we have the power to prevent.
Would you be surprised to learn that parents in many poorer countries often spend considerably more time talking with their children about money management than in wealthier countries like the U.S. and Canada?
\I felt like it should not cost me so much for an honest mistake,\ Hayes said. But Hayes' complaint experience with the bureau
Money Talks News
In an industry based on nostalgia, some classic cars are a real investment while others are simply old. As a recent New York
We're launching \Help for Difficult Financial Times\ and for the next five weeks, we will highlight government resources
Robin and Lesley Palmer toast their lotto win
I haven't been the only one thinking about the cost of higher education as it's been a hot topic in the news lately. Here are the headlines that caught my attention and may have a big effect on your finances.
Chase is not the only bank to let smaller charges fly under the overdraft fee radar. US Bank, which announced it was raising
Surprisingly, Europe increased its millionaire ranks by 1.1 percent last year, for a total of 3.2 million, while combined
Oh, and that 1976 Eldorado that was supposed to represent the \last convertible\ 36 years ago? They aren't worth a million bucks yet, but low-mileage examples can command upwards of $50,000.
Have you been subjected to ridiculous car rental fees? Tell us about it in the comments. While Finegan maintained her innocence
Schwermer's childhood is what led her to reject money, she said in an interview with Business Insider. Her family became
After interest rate cuts have failed to stimulate growth in the U.S. and Europe, why should there be faith that rate cuts in China will be any more effective?
Brazen Life
The agency received more than 17,000 complaints about credit cards alone -- mostly billing disputes -- and more than 45,000
Women's beauty spending may not just be about attracting men, though. Previous research has found that consumers generally
The Israeli-American tax preparers allegedly set up offshore accounts for six American clients in one Israeli bank's Luxembourg
\I got this awful feeling that about it -- that [the debt management plan] was not going to work,\ Jacynta said. On their
If you live in America, and not under a rock, you probably heard that the Fed announced earlier this week that U.S. wealth fell nearly 40 percent from 2007 through 2010.
So how do you have debt and manage it responsibly to build up a history of good borrowing? Here are two things to know.
Money Talks News
The New York Post reports Sgt. Edwin Rivera of the Port Authority Police Department is on track to earn more overtime pay
It may be too optimistic to call 2012 the year of recovery in the car world, but it's the strongest year since 2007, and one that sees the domestics doing quite well on every metric.
In honor of Father's Day, we asked some experts from the personal finance community to share with us the financial wisdom that their fathers shared with them.
My Dad definitely took his frugality overboard at times--like when my parents bought a pick-up truck and he asked my mom to drive it around with the tailgate down because it got better gas mileage.
ne of the best deals are that's rarely talked about
Basic attraction principles states that 'like energy attracts like energy'. You've all heard -- 'what you focus on grows.'
Prosecutors are recommending a 15-month sentence because the bank is partly to blame for the error, Local 10 reports. Instead
Could the future bring banks developing their own type of \social reputation credit score\? Perhaps, but only if it's proven to be a profitable method. That's where Lenddo could serve as a market test, free of charge to the banks.
Bad date last night? Don't despair. It's not as bad as you may think. Here's some good news
These new developments in credit reporting show lenders' hunger to tap into deeper wells of customers who are outside of
\In order to pad their pensions and lifestyle, they're taking bread out of our children's mouths,\ carpooler Leonor Javier
Forbes Magazine recently collaborated with the real estate firm Marcus & Millichap to determine the worst cities for renters
The singer owes money for every year between 2005 and 2010. In 2005, he failed to pay nearly $1.5 million, according to TMZ
The spring scare over $5 per gallon gas has evaporated. Gas prices for the most part are falling around the country. The
You may have seen the newly released USDA study showing that healthy foods don't cost more than junk food but, for many of us, the damage to our wallet comes not in trying to be healthy but in buying the myriad foods required for special meal plans.
Many Americans have been making terrible savings mistakes, according to the Federal Reserve's newly released Survey of Consumer
Rising housing costs are trapping more families in a state of perpetual low income. On average, \cost-burdened\ households
Are Americans happier than citizens in other countries? Well, it depends on how you measure happiness.
How much does a single late payment affect your credit scores? Of course, as with so many things related to credit scores, the answer is, \It depends.\ But the irony is, the better your credit, the more you may feel the sting.
It's bad enough when you're deeply in debt, but debt collectors are masters at magnifying your grief. Following these seven points is the best way to stay out of court, or prevail if you do get there.
Trapped in a dismal job market, recent college graduates are struggling to make it on their own. A full 2 percent of recent
Naturally, as a proud daughter and, now, a proud mother, I love hearing from dads about the ups and downs of imparting money lessons to their kids.
After the months of teeth gnashing and media panic over America's ballooning student debt burden, what I'm about to suggest
Freakonomics authors Steven D. Levitt and Stephen J. Dubner memorably wrote about how many Chicago crack dealers still lived
But public health researchers worry that cheap food has a much higher cost down the road. Much has been made about food deserts
Do-it-yourself (DIY) car care is catching on as a way to save money on routine service visits to mechanics, and that's a good thing. Doing your own maintenance isn't just good for your wallet, but it helps you learn about how your car works.
So the average price/earnings ratio for stocks was around six, which I thought was grossly underpriced. Eventually I pulled
A cautionary note
You've been warned
Bankruptcy is not on anyone's list of fun things to do. The promise of relief that comes from stemming this negative tide is the deciding factor for most people. If you've filed bankruptcy, and are still being bothered by your creditors, there are some things you can do.
Health care costs are weighing on Americans' minds -- and sapping their budgets, according to a new survey that shows that
According to CBS Boston, Middleborough Police Chief Bruce Gates made the case for the initiative. Moreover, Middleborough
Roberts believes executives, who tend to be the biggest savers in 401(k) plans, will also likely be the most vocal about
\The financial metrics that have allowed thrifts to be profitable -- high loan-to-deposit ratios, low expenses, and high
The IRS notes that it never asks taxpayers for their personal or financial information, unsolicited. Don\u2019t carry your Social
The average price of a gallon of diesel has fallen by nearly the same amount, down 30.61 cents over the past nine weeks and
Earlier this week my company reported on our findings about the first quarter number of the banking industry.  Our industry fact sheet indicates the banking is getting healthier.
Through recent revisions, the government hopes that its program will provide relief to more homeowners and make a bigger impact on the housing market by enabling more homeowners to prevent foreclosure.
My gas light is on and it's raining. Only one windshield wiper works. Thank God it's the one on the driver's side. The check engine light has been on for a while. I don't remember how long. And I remember I have $128 in my back pocket to last me until forever.
\The young adults who appear to have taken advantage of the provision allowing them to stay on their parents' health insurance
If you are one of the unlucky few who do receive a 'review' notice from the IRS, here is some important information to consider.
Yet with all the changes in bank fees, shopping around for a new bank account is not as easy as it seems. Fee disclosures
\These people are taking their kids' money and they are throwing it in a slot machine,\ said Joel Judd, a former Colorado
Chellie Campbell's book is the best book on spirituality and money I've ever read, so I contacted her recently to get her take on the lingering after-effects of the Great Recession and people's financial fear.
This would translate into about 13.7 million young adults in the broader population. Sara Collins, one of the study's authors
It is easy to forget that 401(k) plans have only been around for three decades. We have learned a lot in that period, and the jury is now in
Co-signing can be a great way to help a responsible family member or friend who has fallen on hard times and needs a hand to get back on their feet. But co-signing comes with consequences that you should be aware of before you sign any papers!
\Closed my bank account almost two years ago and haven't looked back,\ reader Blake R. Mathews wrote to The Huffington Post
The SEC's warning against using past performance is advice investors should take with a grain of salt.
Could the housing boom days of outrageous McMansions be making a comeback? This time around, the growth in home size is much
If you feel underpaid, you may want to hit the gym. You'll feel better immediately, and over the long term you'll get better
If you want to save money on insurance, give some thought to the difference between a peril and a hazard. Anything you can do to minimize hazards could help reduce your premiums for home, health, car and life insurance.
One size does not fit all when it comes to banks. Don't rely on generalities when deciding on a new bank -- choose the institution specifically suited to your needs.
\Card statements give me an idea of where I am spending money, and I can easily check the last time I did something, like
Could rubber stamping dollar bills get you in trouble? Cohen -- a bankroller of the Occupy movement -- is participating in
A certificate program is a course of study that typically is completed in less than two years. Despite the perception that
This is not the first time that Colorado has paid more in jobless benefits than it was supposed to. Last year, it recovered
News about the job market can be pretty dull and depressing. While we all shudder about the dismal U.S. unemployment rate
So we built a list of Frequently Asked Questions. It guides homeowners and other readers through the two separate government
When the billions start piling up, what's a mogul to do? Sure you could buy a $49 million Aspen mansion with its own sewage
To continue reading this article, click here 1. \Lawyers are a dime a dozen.\ After graduating from California Western School
Organized retail crime involves shoplifting with the intent of selling the goods, according to the report. Thieves usually
Customers with other accounts, including Student Checking and Solid Choice Checking ones, will lose another benefit
Why don't people talk about money? Is it just to avoid discomfort? Or are there more practical reasons to avoid these sorts of discussions?
Nearly fifty years after President Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act, prohibiting employers from discriminating on the basis of gender, women still earn significantly less than men for doing the same work.  Today, Congress has a chance to do something about it.
These days, frugal is the new cool.  Boxed wine is in.  Fashion magazines trumpet vintage finds. Waste not, want not, is the new reality -- only it feels like old times to me.
* Obama has focused on education costs on campaign trail (Updates with quotes, details, Republican position) Obama is set
Research conducted on smart TV platform advertising, which integrates the interactivity of the web with television, has demonstrated
With interest rates scraping along just above zero, it's easy to grow frustrated with savings accounts and other bank deposit products. However, as uninspiring as savings account rates have become, the grass may not be greener anywhere else.
\We always purposefully did not apply to southern programs,\ Morgan says, \but the game has changed.\ After waiting years
If you're getting married in a big city like New York or San Francisco, be prepared to pay a big-city premium. On average
So how much is gold really worth? With stocks, bonds, rental houses and Laundromats, one way to answer that question is to
Hagman told The Huffington Post that he now tells friends that withdraw large amounts of money to tell the bank to \scan
Without prompt action from the Consumer Financial Protection bureau, flawed credit card regulation threatens to send stay-at-home moms back to the 60s.
The study's researchers surveyed more than 1,000 parents with $250,000 in investable assets. The average cost of attending
There\u00a0are\u00a0a number of \sins\ we can commit against our credit scores that can hurt ourselves, and others, in the long run.
In December 2009, my friend Arianna Huffington called with this idea to educate \ordinary\ people about the financial system. We called that project \Move Your Money\ and the tool has been running ever since.
Prepaid cards are everywhere.  Here's what I suggest to steady the ship without making things worse for the consumers who really have no other option:
People in the middle class must understand that it is no longer the safe haven of inspiration it was for their parents. Particularly, its lower and middle bands do not make enough money to save enough to create financial security.
Want to cancel your gym membership in favor of outdoor exercise this summer? Beware the cancellation fees. A key part of
Gruenberg said the FDIC would investigate banks that make payday loans and expressed concern over the use of outside software
If the government sent you a half-million dollar tax refund by mistake, would you keep it? Her family and friends fantasized
Massachusetts officials believe that their lottery winnings also are a fraud. They say that Casey and Basile are among fraudulent
Meet Carsabi. Carsabi is an automotive search and comparison engine that tracks over a million cars nationally from dealerships
According to a report from Russia Today, Pavel Durov, owner and CEO of the popular Russian social networking site VKontakte
This story also aired on NPR's Morning Edition. It was produced by Youth Radio's New Options Desk. \They were going to post
In a recently posted Instagram photo, it appears that NBA star DeShawn Stevenson grew tired of hunting down an ATM to withdraw
With average student debt topping $25,000, now isn't the time to treat a credit card like a source of emergency income. Stay focused on your goal of building a credit history as you launch your career, so your long-term financial objectives can fall into place when the time's right.
So what happens in a marketplace when buyers lack information and can't easily exercise consumer choice? Sellers can charge whatever they want. And this is pretty much the case in the 401(k) marketplace.
This generation of people, sandwiched between financially needy parents and children, will be reaching retirement age soon but likely without a nest egg of any significance. For those facing this financial whipsaw, here are some recommendations, both financial and psychological.
Morgan M. Johnson, 24, may have convinced others that she stood to inherit $1 billion, but in reality all she is facing are
The latest wrinkle in the Greek financial crisis is a rush by its citizens to withdraw their savings from banks. This is both a symptom of the fear that Greece might leave the euro zone and a potential catalyst to force that exit.
I can't help you with past mistakes nor am I quick to say that buying Facebook is a mistake. However, here are some important tips the average investor has to know BEFORE investing in the market.
Dropping out of college costs significantly more in lost earnings than it saves in unpaid tuition. College dropouts earn
Are you saying Europeans are cheap? [Laughs.] I wouldn't say cheap, but they want value. What do you keep in your wallet
Roommate tensions are not limited to strangers. When cash-strapped young adults return to the nest, or older parents move in with grown kids for financial or caregiver assistance, long-suppressed family grievances can erupt if you're not careful.
It's been ten years since I filed for bankruptcy, and although I'd like to be able to say I learned a lesson about money, that would be a bit of a lie.
A pat down from the Transportation Security Administration or TSA may now cost you double in fees. Airline fees continue
The Buffett Rule, a proposal from President Barack Obama, could change that. The proposed rule would impose a 30 percent
The stock's price failed to go up substantially and has fallen sharply in the days since the IPO. And although Morgan Stanley's
According to the National Association of Realtors, home sales rose 10 percent in April over last year. By year's end, year
Saving for college is an important, especially for poorer families. A college degree is worth $2.8 million over one's lifetime
If there is one investment that has more to do with the heart than the head, it\u2019s vineyards. It is also one that lends itself
Credit unions have also been using this strategy to encourage customers to squirrel away money. Starting in June Maryland
What do you do when it's a slow news day on the Friday before a three-day weekend? We at HuffPost Money decided to investigate
Those who rely upon currency must have faith that the institution that prints it has the wherewithal to meet all those promises. It is amazing, then, that the euro hasn't entirely evaporated.
Carol Bartz, fired as chief executive of Yahoo Inc. YHOO -0.20% last September, wishes she did one thing differently during
\Unfortunately, consumer confidence is still extremely vulnerable to a reversal, as occurred in the past two years,\ survey
The pricing is extremely aggressive, with a 1.8% transaction fee and a 15 cent per transaction charge for transactions processed
News stories about student loan debt have suddenly become as numerous as stories on the U.S. economic recovery. For some really scary statistics, check out a recent College Board study on for-profit colleges.
Car insurance is something of an opaque industry. We know we have to pay the bill every month; we just have no clue how the carrier arrived at that rate.
I can no longer look judges in the eye and tell them I am entitled to millions in fees for so-called class member \benefits\ which I believe actually harms the interests of class members, consumers, and society in general.
\Testing the Fed's predictions\ The Fed's report card As part of its recent drive for greater transparency, the Fed recently
\The difference [between the U.S. and Britain] is really driven by the fact that the US is the only developed country that
To steer homeowners toward a little-used foreclosure review program, the government is harnessing the power of YouTube. The
To read stories from underwater homeowners about how the experience has affected them, check out this blog, which is a collection
Guess who did make money? Wall Street. Both CNN Money and the Wall Street Journal reported that underwriters may have made
Prepaid cards are everywhere these days, quickly replacing cash and checks as the fastest way to transfer money. If you're
Cost comparisons are also useful to the increasing number of Americans that lack healthcare insurance, including the 26 percent
On Wednesday, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is taking the first step to create consumer protections for prepaid
The hardest part of starting a new job is feeling OK about the fact that you have no idea what you're doing.
More Americans are turning to pawn shops to get by, hawking jewelry, electronics, tools, and other personal items for quick
It's common to believe that a credit score is really only helpful when you want to borrow money and therefore (so the questionable logic goes) you don't need to check your score until you want to borrow money. Here are four reasons why that way of thinking is wrong.
If you were going to sit down and design the opposite of a Wall Street banker, you would probably come up with someone like
On Tuesday, the financial services company announced the launch of a new FarmVille-branded prepaid card as part of its Zynga
Given the choice between the flailing middle class and obscene wealth...? I think I might actually take the first. Because I remember how it felt being married to someone who had a different approach to money and a completely different set of priorities. It was profoundly lonely.
Over the next five years paying with your phone will become as commonplace as paying with cash, which is why every man, his bank and his phone company are in the battle to win the mobile wallet space. So who's going to win?
\Rosetta Stone is in an ongoing dialogue with the parties involved in this particular case to potentially resolve the issue
Aside from a dip in March, the recovery is slowly but steadily pushing ahead. The housing market is now 37% of the way back to normal, compared with just 20% back to normal a year ago.
The information in your credit reports is what's used to create your credit scores, so you don't want to let mistakes on your credit reports potentially throw your credit scores out of whack. Here's how to dispute credit report mistakes, step-by-step.
Is it time for \Alternative Credit\ to join the mainstream credit conversation? It's long overdue. If you're a consumer without
As more Americans sink into debt or earn less money, it is becoming hard for many of them to stick to a budget. Half of all
Verizon is now making it clear that it is no longer expanding FiOS, its fiber optic cable service. So what did they accomplish? What did they build? And how much did it cost?
The index from just two months ago revealed a much grimmer overall picture, with declining net worth and budgeting problems
Let's keep it real. The average employee is frequently asked to stretch his/her workload far beyond that of the original job description. This is a systemic function of our modern workplace.
For music fans, the main way to avoid hefty TicketMaster or other fees is to purchase tickets directly from a venue. But
While I agree with Alan in principal, the combination of seemingly unlimited student loan money from the government, and
To continue reading, click here. 2. \We know where you go online...\ Phishing could become an even bigger problem on Facebook
Let's talk about how you spend your money. What do you use to shop
Wells Fargo is based in San Francisco and acquired Wachovia during the 2008 financial crisis. The merger brought the Wells
Of all of the carefully wrapped presents we gave our moms on Mother's Day last Sunday, how many mothers do you think tore open the pretty-in-pink paper to find their child's investments portfolios inside? Not many, if any at all.
Many Americans will be getting tax refunds from the government, and tax refunds are \found money\ -- money you forgot was yours. It's as if the government lifted up your couch cushions and found a few hundred dollars.
It's perhaps not surprising that a lot of Americans don't make the connection between overspending and financial risk. Schoolchildren
The Temkin Group, a business that consults on and researches customer experiences, has done a new survey of 10,000 consumers to determine which businesses customers are most and least likely to forgive.
Rezlescu and his coauthors devised a crafty set of experiments to determine how much facial appearances influence the willingness
The industry has been criticized by consumer advocates who say the expensive loans can trap customers in a cycle of debt
Maybe the days of budget backpacking are over, which is too bad. But there are still tables to wait and floors to sleep on. And it's worth it.
He is part of a relatively elite group of personal investors who met certain financial -- but somewhat unclear -- guidelines
A better way to work towards a larger refund next year is by taking advantage of all the tax credits and deductions that you may be entitled to, but are often overlooked.
The beauty of the boomerang is that after sending it off, it comes right back to its original destination.  In the case of parents sending their children to college -- or the workforce -- and having them return home, the effect might not have the same \beauty.\
Now is the moment to start teaching young Americans the ins and outs of personal finance. With higher than average unemployment rates and ballooning student loan debt, young people inhabit a daunting financial landscape.
Wouldn't it be nice if you could go back and give your younger self some words of wisdom? Since time travel doesn't exist, the best thing you can do is try to help other young people.
It's nothing new for banks to offer gifts to new customers -- a free toaster is the age-old example. However, a bank in Florida has come up with something a little sexier
Tossing a few bucks into your office lottery doesn't sound like the type of thing that would end in a multimillion-dollar
Debt collection agencies are used to being yelled and cursed at, so why not take the opposite approach and try to be their friends?
The FTC alleges that debt collectors at Luebke Baker frequently pretended that they were attorneys or worked with attorneys
If we're managing that account, then they're coming to us to take over. If all you want to do is trade your company stock
Being the victim of Internet fraud is a tough pill to swallow no matter how it happens. But to be a lonely and vulnerable
We have the 12th lowest gas prices on a list of 55 countries compiled by Bloomberg, cited by blogger Barry Ritholtz. Most
What can you do if someone is not exactly using your information to commit identity theft, but has hijacked some of your personal information? Is there such a thing as \sort-of identity theft\ -- or is that like being \half pregnant?\
If you are among the growing number of Americans looking for a new job, you might want to consider some advice before cutting
Most lenders do not have a clear policy about what happens to a co-signed student loan when the borrower dies or becomes
Family health care costs grew by 6.9 percent between 2011 and 2012, slower than in previous years, but Milliman suggests
Student debt weighing on your mind? You might be surprised about where the worst of it comes from. It all depends on what
You work hard every day, doing everything you can to bring more bacon home, and trim the fat from your spending. But it still
In principle, one would expect personal lines automobile insurance companies to realize a modest windfall from recent increases in gasoline prices. However, I think it's fair to say that \not all's the same 'twixt the pump and the claim\ -- not even the same as it used to be.
No one wants to repeat another bailout, and politically speaking, it's hard to imagine one getting passed again within the next fifty years. But when financial leaders allow huge bets to be placed on unnatural, or synthetic securities, they simply haven't learned the lessons of the past crisis.
What's the best advice you ever received from your mother? My mom taught me to be optimistic, compassionate and that family comes first.
Just last Thursday, the Blair-Mazzarella Funeral Home in New York City agreed to settle FTC charges that it had not provided
And the credit industry is not helping their own cause. On Friday, the New York Times' Bucks Blog called out FICO, which
Have you ever bought something only to discover that this one purchase led to another? And another? And another? I have, and it's frustrating.
\My mother was one of the original deficit financers,\ she said. \She made ends meet by borrowing or by selling her possessions
In fact, consumers are expected to spend an average of $152.52 on gifts for Mother's Day
\u201cI don\u2019t feel bad for her,\u2019\u2019 Sharon Duncan, the purchaser of the winning ticket, said in an interview with Ann Curry. An
Back when I was towards the beginning of the job search process, I shared some job-hunting tips. But now that I'm on the other side -- offer in hand -- I have a bit more advice to impart from the trenches.
The con that ensnared me was a mundane one, which made it all the more undetectable. It wasn't an ungrammatical email promising fantastic riches, but a perfectly ordinary financial transaction with two very nice people.
\What we got today was a personal expression of the president's support and he can't overturn DOMA single-handedly,\ said
That, in turn, has led critics to label the lottery a \regressive tax\ -- a financial mechanism that tends to draw the most
Maybe you'll someday need to borrow money to send your kids to college. All of those things take credit, and a good credit score can help you borrow more money for a longer period of time with a lower rate.
Gone are the days when credit card companies set up tables with free candy and other gifts to get new college students to
\It does take something perhaps unique to make yourself stand out from the crowd,\ Steve Hine from the Minnesota Department
Unfortunately, most young Americans do not start saving early. Just one in three Americans begin putting away money for retirement
As most travelers look for ways to stretch their budgets, the benefit of a credit card's initial bonus cannot be ignored -- the right one can give you an extra $500 to play with.
Transferring your home to your children is a clumsy method of trying to accomplish your estate-planning goals. Having counseled thousands of families , I can tell you that this well-intentioned transfer is more likely to do harm than good.
Some Canadians are balking at a preliminary redesign of the country's $20 bill, saying it's \too pornographic\ and has an
More young professionals wanted to work for Google in 2011 than any other company, a survey conducted by Universum -- an
Dear Debt Adviser, I am a victim of identity theft. The person who stole my ID took out a payday loan and used a fake bank
Customers seeking the best deals may have to pester their friends. Users should also be aware that by repeatedly sharing
I'm not trying to bring everyone down, but rather to suggest that perhaps your best Mother's Day gift this year might be to initiate a frank discussion with your mom about her personal finances and how she can better prepare for the future
Chase said earlier this year that customers who have less than $100,000 in deposits and investments were not helping the
As part of a $25 billion settlement agreement between the government and five major banks for fraudulent foreclosures, Bank of America agreed to $11 billion in mortgage principal reductions.
Click here for a closer look at the eye-tracking heat maps. \When sourcing on LinkedIn, they spend a huge amount of time
Move over college students -- you're not the only ones seeking financial aid to pay for tuition. Despite rising tuition and
In the battle between the Internal Revenue Service and identity thieves, the thieves are winning. Have you been a victim
The Fiscal Times
Credit unions have seen a rise in membership as big banks have come under scrutiny for their never-ending profit-making measures
Even with new regulations, Massachusetts and the rest of the nation still have a long way to go before we see more common sense than common criminals in the ranks of debt collectors and their accomplices.
New Yorkers don't agree on much, but the 68 percent of us who rent our homes or apartments can usually find common cause on at least one issue
Edvard Munch\u2019s \u201cThe Scream\u201d recently sold for $120 million at an auction conducted by Sotheby\u2019s in New York. One of four
Check out the graphic below for the list of participating stores
To do that, he uses Visa prepaid cards, loaded up with values of $50 to $500, when he needs to make an online transaction
Buying Cheap Stuff There's inexpensive... and then there's cheap. Buying something for almost nothing isn't necessarily a
Paradigm part time employment is not much of a talking point yet, but it's a ticking political time bomb that can derail a second term for President Obama -- particularly in his quest to attain the student vote again.
There are frequent fliers, and then there are people like Steven Rothstein and Jacques Vroom. Both men bought tickets that
One of the best things you can do to build your own wealth is to copy the rich and develop an investment philosophy for yourself.
Edward DeMarco, Acting Director of the FHFA, indicated that additional analysis would have to be performed to determine the long-term benefits of principal reductions.
The crisis faced by Latino homeowners involves more than housing. With the majority of their wealth tied to their homes, foreclosed Latinos lose the equity needed for their future.
In an era marked by financial turbulence, it's probably not surprising that safes have become a popular commodity, with some
Linda Kempkin had a vision to help women entrepreneurs quickly secure a strong Internet presence for their new businesses. We thought it would be helpful to know what lessons she would share with readers who may be thinking about making the leap to entrepreneurship.
The newly launched Payday Hound website advertises itself as offering \impartial and informed\ reviews, comparing the rates
Nadya Suleman has made no secret of her financial troubles, which came to a head this week when the \u201cOctomom\u201d filed for bankruptcy
I nearly shouted. \Everyone says the same things -- savvy, strategic, seasoned, results-oriented, hard-charging, self-motivated, blah blah blah.  Adjectives aren't going to do it. You're going to have to tell your story.\
Ever bailed out an ex? Indulged in a little more retail therapy than you meant to? We'll show you the top seven mistakes women make -- and what to do instead.
Scientists told CBS Local the meteorite could be 4 to 6 billion years old, dating back to the early formation of the solar
I offer this screenshot as a small window into what student debt looks and feels like from the graduate's perspective. Just look at the \Amount Applied to Interest Column.\ Half a decade worth of payments later, I still owe over $1,000 more than the original amount I borrowed.
April showers bring May shoppers. With the summer season just around the corner, some retailers are offering good prices
I work for a Fortune 500 company that matches my 401(k) contributions in company stock, which I can then re-allocate to other
It's clear that young adults need the help. One in two young college graduates are jobless or underemployed, and even the
Owning a thoroughbred outright often requires CEO-level income. The average sale price of a 2-year-old at a recent Ocala
401(k) plan investments are a primary driver of the investment markets. They are also the reason that many people are pacing the floors at night, worrying if their retirement will get delayed or destroyed.
The world was abuzz Wednesday night with news that Edvard Munch's famous work of art, \The Scream,\ sold for $119.9 million
Debit cards have also sprouted in the wallets of young Americans. Unable to get credit cards until age 21, more Generation Y consumers rely on debit cards for routine money management.
If the memory of hours spent hunting for and organizing paperwork for tax season is still fresh in your mind, maybe it's time to do some financial spring cleaning so preparing next year's taxes won't be such an ordeal.
He wrote that he did not receive any emails from Fifth Third about the overdrafts, though he had signed up for overdraft
Is one credit card better than all the rest? Not quite. But some are better-suited for graduates. For example, cards that
The top 1 percent of student borrowers owe more than $150,000 in loans, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York
The obese are absent from work more often than people of healthy weight. The most obese men take 5.9 more sick days a year
But closing accounts prematurely can affect a customer's credit in numerous ways, and if people close too early they can
In all, 56 percent of people said they want to build their score but don't know how to do it. In fact, the majority also said that they hadn't taken the time to order a copy of their credit report or credit score at any point in the past 12 months.
Do you like to compare your spending to a broader average? What are your favorite sources for comparing numbers? Do you worry when your spending on, say, housing is far greater than the norm? Or do you just figure different people have different priorities?
\A typical consumer can easily, quickly and 'magically' earn thousands of dollars per week simply by purchasing and using
With the economic recovery still lagging, the intended rewards of the Federal Reserve's aggressive campaign to lower interest rates have yet to be realized. But the cost of that campaign to depositors can be counted, and it may have exceeded $200 billion in the last year alone.
\If you think money can't buy happiness, you're not spending it right,\ Norton said. \You should stop thinking about which
\u201cI work in the corporate office of a major bank for a boss who represents everything wrong with the financial industry
In March, Cristina Nathan-McAlister, 39, paid a hair stylist $100 to weave her hair in tiny braids. Because she is allergic
The growth of student debt is stirring debate about whether the government should step in to ease the burden by rewriting
By Lauren Young In fact, the difference in earnings between one major and another can be more than 300 percent, according
The way the rules are written, it is unclear whether it is sufficient to just disclose the performance and fees of the funds
ABC30 subsequently tracked down Ravuri, who said she had been desperately awaiting the money. The check, made out to Ravuri
3. \...except when we feel like negotiating.\ Some hairdressers will advertise a high price to make them look like they're
Like a wave of tornadoes touching down, the FDIC struck across the country on Friday shuttering five banks from coast to coast.
It worked! Kinda. I took Matthew Bishop's challenge, and tried to spend a gram of gold like I would any other currency. And
Jim is careful to always pay his bills on time, keep his credit balances low and has a pretty good credit score.\u00a0 Rick, his roommate, is quite the opposite.
With the costs of higher education high and rising, it's important for families to start planning for college early. Yet most people don't know the pitfalls to traditional college savings plans.
Every time a company goes through bankruptcy court or gets involved in merger talks, it's disappointing to see who does not
Freelancers have long been the envy of cubicle-trapped office workers. From the flexible hours to escaping mundane office
In addition, more than three-quarters of OECD countries saw a rise in their income tax rates in 2011 from the year before
The practice of reordering transactions was a major way for banks to charge customers additional overdraft fees -- typically
Let me know what you think. Imagine Gail, a 30-year-old mother of two school-age children. Gail is on ChexSystems and has
Costco wants to be your one-stop shop for everything you need in life, from groceries and cell phones to diamond rings and
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- It's a provocative fact about the tax code
What can a mother of eight teach us about saving? A whole lot. You might recognize Kate Gosselin from her former reality
If the idea of economic growth makes you fall asleep, wake up! There are a number of other ways to tell the economy is on
When two people fall in love, the meshing of these differences can be both fun and frustrating, especially when it comes to personal finance. Here are a few ways to be sure that both partners are on the same page.
What do you own that's more valuable than money and more precious than jewels, but can't be locked up in a safe? Your identity. And thieves will do anything to take it.
Families wondering how to deal with the student debt of a deceased relative should contact the bank -- as opposed to the
Consumers felt better about price increases with expectations for inflation in the coming 12 months easing to 5.8 percent
But parents can combat the urge to keep up with the Joneses by playing smart, MSNBC wrote. Buy barely-used equipment for
In another sign that the economy is recovering, Americans' access to basic goods and services is improving, according to
The S&P/Case-Shiller composite index of 20 metropolitan areas gained 0.2 percent in February on a seasonally adjusted basis
The Education Department is attempting to make this process clearer and aims to release a model financial aid letter by September
Travelers also left behind $14,048.71 in spare change at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport
Debt collectors calling? You have rights. -- The debt collector must tell you -- within five days of initial contact -- the
The recent economic downturn caused many individuals to realize the need to increase their level of financial literacy so that they can make sound financial decisions in the future. Financial literacy can be achieved if you take the initiative to learn and plan wisely.
\Lincoln used literature and the theater as a means of escape from the daunting demands of the presidency. The glasses are
The key to avoiding these cons is to be a defensive online shopper. In July, Jamie O'Leary lost $1,500 when she fell for
But we all have heard the stories -- or perhaps you have one of our own -- of a parent opening up a credit card bill to find hundreds of dollars in charges from iTunes or Amazon. So how do we, as parents, start to instill good financial values in children?
As a member of the President's Advisory Council on Financial Capability, I spend a lot of time urging parents to talk to their kids about money. This month I'm going to tell you to do the opposite
Is a tax sin haunting you? Maybe you paid a baby sitter under the table, or \forgot\ to declare income, or deducted personal
Because they're ingested, fraudulent foods carry more significant health concerns than other fakes. Consumers with allergies
If you've recently traded in your Colgate toothpaste for a tube of Tom's of Maine in an effort to be more environmentally
In agreeing to honor the code, the carriers have committed to provide two alerts to subscribers when they are about to incur
With the explosion of devices equipped with encrypted technology, it should be only a short period of time before both paper currency and the rest of coins in circulation go the way of the Canadian penny.
Jean Chatzky, author of Money Rules
When it comes down to it, the decision to pursue further education lends itself quite nicely to the same thing we rely on to help us make other expensive decisions
There is a huge disparity between rich countries and the rest of the world when it comes to unbanked populations. Nine out
More Americans also are relying less on cash. 43 percent of Americans have gone a week without using cash, according to a
FORTUNE -- Call-center customer service has become a finely honed discipline, but usually it seems honed to cut time
Earlier this year, a Canadian family was greeted with a mobile bill for over $10,000 after a vacation in Arizona. The culprit
While there are only so many risk factors you can control, it doesn't mean you can't, or shouldn't, plan for the unexpected. Here are three steps you could take to help you prepare for an emergency.
The Federal Housing Administration (FHA) recently announced a policy change in how they will treat mortgage loan applications for those whose credit histories contain unpaid collection accounts.
Just one-quarter of Americans making less than $50,000 per year call themselves \very happy,\ in contrast to 34 percent of
What I really want to know is how you use credit cards. Which credit card(s) do you use? Why do you use it? How, when, and where do you use it? Do you have personal rules for credit card use? Have you ever been in credit card debt? How do you steer clear of that now?
Reaching a retirement goal on time requires aggressive saving, maximizing tax advantages, lowering your expenses and keeping a diversified investment portfolio. As the old Chinese proverb says, \The best time to plant an oak tree was 20 years ago, and the next best time is today.\
By Bruce Olson \I was retired but now it looks like I have a new full-time job,\ said Merle Butler, referring to the task
Figueroa's 2010 tax debacle cost her a monthly rent subsidy she had been receiving. Her niece also receives Social Security
With the tax deadline now here, many Americans are enjoying their tax refunds, putting them to use to pay bills, buy something special or add those dollars to their savings. That's the good news. The bad news? Well, this moment of elation may be short-lived.
Given a \third party\ lost my PCI data, and caused a cascade of events and expenses for others, that there had to be an equitable way to pass through the cost and expenses to the party responsible for the events.
\Absolutely this is a problem across the board,\ said Wexler, who added that her association is now focusing on gas retailers
It's easy to be imprecise about what kind of \smart\ we are looking for when hiring. Asking, \is someone smart\ is a simple way to screen a candidate. Just be sure that you're not going from being simple to being simplistic. Know what you need and where you need it.
This last weekend was the premiere of the documentary film Last Will and Embezzlement, a chilling account of how the senior population in this country is being vampirized.
Still, the millennials are not the first generation to come of age in hard times. For example, the recession of the early
A minority of big companies offered extra pay to workers who waived their health benefits last year. This practice, which
But it's common for them, as a professional hazard, to approach the task of their own taxes with the zeal of archers trying
If you still haven't filed your taxes, don't spend too much time looking at this graphic. And if you don't think you'll be
For 2012, that means using palm technology to verify identities at an automated teller machine and not a mystical, soothsaying
WHDH-TV 7News found two people that also were declared dead by mistake. Some younger people also get declared dead by mistake
WHEN is the best time to book that flight? It's one of the most fraught decisions travelers face, as ticket prices often
A bulging bank account does not brand someone as a bad seed. There are plenty of kind, giving millionaires and plenty of cruel, greedy 99% grouches in the world. The real problem with the Romneys isn't their money. It's that they can't relate.
Even the conservator of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac now says mortgage write-downs may make economic sense for the two housing finance giants. All of which begs the question
Now that most of us have filed our tax returns to Uncle Sam, it's finally time to celebrate the end of tax season. The following
I have to admit that I'm sad to see another tax season come to a close. I'm not saying I love paying taxes, but I am saying that I love doing taxes.
If you have credit problems and you're facing those annoying calls by collections agents, here's how you can hit a home run to clear those accounts off of your credit report and improve your credit score.
\It's my money. I need a new roof,\ he said in a phone interview. \It's unnerving knowing that somebody is taking a piece
With this year's deadline on April 17, 2012, last-minute tax filers have two extra days to submit their 2011 tax returns. If you are filing in these final days, keeping the following tips in mind may make the process easier and may help you avoid making some common mistakes.
Late tax filers will be charged 0.5 percent of unpaid taxes per month, plus interest, which is currently 3 percent per year
More last-minute tips for last-minute filers
If you're like me, and putting off finishing your taxes until the last minute, you can at least be thankful that we have until April 17th this year to file.  I turned to Lisa Greene-Lewis, a CPA and the Turbotax Blog Manager, for advice.
If you still haven't done your taxes -- even with the extended April 17 deadline, even though your taxes are pretty simple (no kids, no real estate, no investment income) -- it's time to go mobile.
You must file a tax extension on or before the regular tax deadline. Normally, tax returns and extensions are due on April 15 (remember that in 2012 we have an extra two days).
Think again. Even though you may not owe the IRS anything this year, the IRS may owe you. And you're not going to see one
As the wealth divide gets wider, those less fortunate want what the rich have.
Currently, federal law states that in the first year of an account, credit card companies cannot charge fees that exceed
A growing chorus of voices is calling for a shift away from cash-based economies in the developing world.
Bloomberg used data from a housing index by international property consultancy Knight Frank LLP and measured it against national
With an understanding of some common mistakes and the steps you can take to try to avoid them, tax time can be less stressful.
Taxes are due on Tuesday, April 17. Yikes! That's less than a week away. Don't spend too much time getting distracted by
Maybe money can buy happiness--if your bank comes with a therapist. The unhappy Scrooge McDucks of the world no longer have
While your payment history ranks as the most important piece of your credit score, it can take months or even years to dramatically improve it. Looking for a quicker fix? Focus on what's known as your credit utilization rate.
Increasingly shut out of traditional bank accounts, more Americans are turning to prepaid debit cards often notorious for
Human needs psychology provides an answer to the elusive question, \Why do human beings do the things they do?\ So how can you use human needs psychology?
Did you know that the money you're spending on student loans could have bought 240 iPods? The cost of student loans is so
Though I've been reading and writing about money for six years now, I still do stupid things sometimes. Last week I made another relatively un-interesting mistake, but one that's educational at the same time.
Have you made a job transition in the past year? Keep reading to learn some of the ways your recent change could affect your taxes.
Tax Day is less than a week away, which means if you still haven't filed your income tax forms, it's crunch time! But don't
When she decided to develop a perfume, Kim Kardashian didn't guess what her almost eight-million Twitter followers wanted; she asked them.
Rewards refuel you and really are one of the key engines of productivity and non-perfectionism.
Spend a day and maybe an evening watching someone intensely dedicated to their work and it's hard to distinguish between whether the person is exhibiting the symptoms of workaholism or whether they're just living their calling.
Top Ten List of ways to save on taxes that you may not have taken advantage of before.
Most of us have fantasized about winning the lotto or creating the next Angry Birds or Pet Rock so we can dump a Louis Vuitton bag of cash on the lawn of Sallie Mae headquarters and pay off our student loans, then set sail on a yacht to celebrate.
We are fairly well off after a few good opportunities in Silicon Valley. \u00a0But if you met us, you would never know it since
The last time gas was around $1.01 was in 1998, according to the U.S. Department of Energy, when it was sold for $1.03 per
Two other winners of the $656 million jackpot are from Kansas and Illinois. The Kansas winner has chosen to remain anonymous
If AARP, which has more than 10 percent of the U.S. population on its rolls, hasn't yet figured out how to capture seniors on the most pervasive social media site, then we all have a long way to go.
Clarification
O'Halloran declined to comment to The Huffington Post about JPMorgan's share of the student loan market or how much money
The IRS does offer a few hardship breaks for cash-poor filers. The big one in effect this year is called Fresh Start, and
Just 14 percent of Americans say they are very confident in their ability to retire comfortably. That's near the record low
Retirement confidence has taken a beating in recent years. One of the root causes suggested by the survey results is that the difficulty of meeting short-term goals might be so great that people never get around to focusing on long-term goals.
You know those things -- they're the job ads that say \A growing organization in the northern suburbs seeks a yada yada something or other.\ The job ad tells you what the employer is looking for, but it doesn't tell you which employer it is.
Money is the leading cause of marital and relationship troubles. Neglecting to take the time to hash out issues can potentially ruin relationships. But you can improve your financial intimacy. Here are five tips to do just that.
That was the only thing that went according to plan. Soto, a 27-year-old mechanic who lives in West Covina, Calif., went
Micah Andrews opened his first notice from the IRS a week before Christmas in 2010. He was standing in the kitchen of the
As a younger man, I spent to feel better about myself. I spent to keep up with my friends. I spent to have the things I felt that I deserved. Now good habits are ingrained -- I find it difficult to go shopping, even when I need to.
Chelsea Logan was a month and a half away from her 21st birthday when her father died suddenly from a heart attack. As her
Like Suze Orman says, for some people having a credit card handy is like having an open bottle of booze for an alcoholic. You just can't leave it alone. I like to think I have more self-restraint than Lindsay Lohan at an open bar, but could I trust myself with an extra credit card?
Gaeckle tried a drug called Copaxone a few years ago but the side effects and the $2,600 monthly cost of the medicine, which
\u201cFor generations, the automobile has typified freedom,\u2019\u2019 said Gloria Bergquist, vice president of the Alliance of Automobile
Maryland Lottery officials held a press conference Thursday to address the rumors over whether the jackpot had been claimed
Xinhua said Wang borrowed the money between January and October 2010 promising to buy equipment, invest in property and open
\We are in the process of adopting changes that will enable us to identify instances of high numbers of overdrafts so that
Powers and Buddemeyer consulted with a lawyer before launching the site who told them TaxKilla wasn't providing any new information
\We have hundreds of card partners and dozens of platforms [for card processors],\ Brooks Smith, president and CEO of InComm
Consumer advocates say the idea of spending to save on student loans doesn't make sense. \They're using the flashy reward
While looking online for help with his car loan, Zane had discovered Hope for Car Owners. For an up-front fee of $399, Hope
Even at a time when we're including photos in our LinkedIn profiles, using a headshot for a job application is still a pretty
Here's my list of five red flags most often seen in job ads -- the five clues that the employer behind the ad may not be as talent-aware as we could hope for.
If you're an entrepreneur or small business owner you are most likely working out of your home. Your home office can be a much-needed tax deduction.
Regardless of who brings home the bacon, having \the talk\ on a regular basis is critical -- especially when it comes to planning major purchases and saving for retirement.
For more information on fraudulent car loan scams and suggestions about how to negotiate with your lender if you are struggling
If you're a sandwich-generation taxpayer -- meaning you're responsible for caring for your parents while managing your own household and children -- you may be able to claim the $3,700 dependent exemption in 2011 for supporting your qualifying relatives, including your parents and grown children.
As contradictory as that may sound, renting cost 15 percent more than owning a home at the end of 2011, according to research
So what's the pitfall? Many retirees aren't informed about the MRD, which ends up costing them 50 percent of the withdrawal each year they miss it. Be sure to understand how your financial institution is calculating your distribution.
But when pressed for details by reporters, Wilson changed her story and said that a coworker purchased the tickets on her
The first study, originally released as a working paper in 2010, was based on 284 client meetings in 2008 with retail financial
To be fair, the whole show is not completely without merit. After a few episodes I started to see how the process of choosing 'the right' dress can be a metaphor for making any emotionally-charged financial decision.
An estimated 10,000 baby boomers turn age 65 each day. Many of them have a significant portion of their retirement savings invested in non-guaranteed defined contribution plans such as 401(k)s and IRAs. As they retire, they will need to switch from saving to spending down.
Help yourself out so you are in a position to help someone else out.
More than half of the 25 largest U.S. metropolitan areas earned a \C\ or worse when graded on organizational skills, according
One alternative to cashing out or withdrawing from a 401(k) is to take out a loan from a company retirement account and repay
Getting audited by the IRS is one of the biggest fears for taxpayers. But what is the likelihood that you will be audited? And what are common audit triggers?
In an age of smartphones, iPads and other high-tech diversions, young drivers are just not that into cars anymore, as the
Elliot Martin saves $4,500 a year by ridesharing to work at the University of California, Berkeley. The dozen or so members
\Sometimes you spend more than you wanted,\ said Kittle, eyeing a huge hunk of plastic-wrapped ham. \With it not being expensive
Every time you pull out your wallet to buy something, every time you get a bill in the mail, every time you ask for a loan, you are making a credit decision and there will always be a trade-off.
Be cautious and vigilant when it comes to providing any personal information, such as your social security number, bank or credit account numbers over the phone or via e-mail, and avoid carrying your social security card in your wallet.
The tuition increases have forced students to take on more debt to finance their education. In 2010, Two-thirds of college
Check out CBS' interview with Schultz' about the fund below
If you want to learn how to invest like Warren Buffett, you've got to learn how to sell investments effectively. Selling in this case can mean selling to take a profit or selling to take a loss to free up the cash and to emotionally move on.
I wrote a book called Son of a Son of a Gambler
The federal government forces me to spend money in order to use a product/service to redress a market imperfection. As the result of these mandates, I get safer food, a cleaner environment, and more affordable healthcare.
Think you're covered when it comes to your medical bills because you have good health insurance? Don't be so sure.
While many in the media have blamed the failures on reckless borrowers, the real driver of the crisis is lawless banks offering \bait-and-switch\ adjustable rate mortgages.
Isn't all that the point of a job interview -- to get past the surface, far past what a resume would tell us? If so, why are we still wasting time with mindless, insulting interview questions?
Americo Lopes, a New Jersey resident and winner of a $38.5 million lottery jackpot, was sued by five co-workers who accused
The fact that alumni are funding some of his loans does not increase pressure to repay them, Kessler said. \I feel the same
If you're not going to be able to make the April 17 deadline, be sure to file for an extension to avoid paying late penalties
The Internet poses an increasingly urgent problem for newspaper publishers who want to make money from the articles they
If Congress and the president do nothing about our tax system between now and the end of the year, here are just a few things in the tax law that will blow up.
I miss that me who casually bought $32 bottles of imported olive oil to drizzle on $7 a loaf focaccia from Whole Foods. Now I'm trying to convince myself even margarine tastes better when it sits on a Ritz.
It's not just twenty-somethings that are carrying the weight of the student loan debt crisis. Many seniors are barely getting
Investing is a voluntary activity, and it is our decision as investors, even part-timers, how much we choose to understand the products we trade. The information is generally out there, and if it's not, we can choose to pass.
The trader, who was not willing to be named, said he spent four hours a day on Bitcoin, describing it as his second job. He
Take a deep breath. As stated by the official website for Mega Millions, if no one wins the jackpot, the money will be added
Whether you are filing an EZ form, fighting an IRS penalty, undergoing an audit or just beating the April 17, 2012 deadline, these tips will help you put your best leg forward on the path to financial freedom.
Experts are projecting future increases in foreclosures and repossessions as the banks align their practices with the terms
\[Pennies] take up for too much time for small business trying to grow and create jobs,\ he said in his budget speech, according
But some lottery players have more modest aims. \If I win, I'll quit my job and take care of the basic necessities, which
Twitter is mega excited about Mega Millions. With the jackpot up to a staggering $640 million, thousands are tweeting about
The researchers, led by Mark Hoekstra of the University of Pittsburgh, found that five years down the line, there were almost
May the Mega Millions odds be ever in my favor. \Just buy a ticket, sit back and see if fate points a finger at you for that
To see the winning numbers revealed live, you should seek out your local television affiliate broadcasting the drawing. Check
This year Duke and Missouri were the culprits for obliterating my brackets. So in the spirit of March Madness, I thought I would share a few lesser known tips for keeping your credit score from looking like this year's busted brackets.
Federal law allows government agencies and businesses that have a legitimate need for your credit information to access your credit report before doing business with you or after you become a customer -- even without your permission.
Take it from the world's greatest investor, Warren Buffett, you don't need much money to get rich. A slew of new websites
There was a time when wealth creation used to be incremental. You started a private company, or took over the family business
I know the odds of winning the $500 million jackpot in this Friday night's Mega Millions lottery are longer than Milton Berle's
Although there are certain actions you must take right away to ensure your current financial security, several major decisions with long-term consequences should probably be postponed until you've had a chance to reflect on how -- and where -- you want to spend the rest of your life.
Someone with a college degree is likely making a lot more than that. The average college graduate of the class of 2011 is
What you don't know about credit can hurt your personal finances on many levels. So here are seven more lies about credit scores that you should never fall for.
\By answering up to 10 simple questions, NerdWallet identifies the checking account with the lowest fees by matching your
It's always a treat to speak at schools, where I can connect with children I don't know and who haven't been inundated with my money mania. Here are the five money lessons every kid from 5th to 8th grade should know.
The day Bunce bought her individual insurance policy in 2005, the agent looked at the weight listed on her driver license
Even if you don't have a retirement plan through your job, you can still save for the future. One of the best ways to do so is through a Roth IRA.
After surveying nearly 16,000 college students, researchers concluded that students from states that required a financial
On top of this, young Americans are seeing their spending power diminish, since they often do not have the skills or experience
On the long road of housing recovery, we're all kids in the back seat wondering
(The author is a Reuters columnist. The opinions expressed are his own.) By Mark Miller CHICAGO, March 28 (Reuters) - Ordinary
Black History Month and Women's History Month are often viewed as separate entities. But black women and other women of color know that their economic circumstances are affected by being both a person of color and a woman.
The differentiators and qualities displayed by Gen-X and Gen-Y need to be well-understood and addressed to attract the the next wave of wealth.
With all the donating we do throughout the year, how do we know what's deductible, how much of it can we write off of our taxes, and what records do we need to support it?
If you can afford your $3 latte or even a $300 discount Kate Spade purse, you can also afford to change your financial habits right now. What you cannot afford is a financial emergency down the line.
As a result, many are moving back home with their parents rather than becoming parents themselves. Three in 10 young adults
Based on his research, Kritzman, who teaches a financial engineering class at M.I.T.'s Sloan School of Business, concluded
If you're reading this and feeling guilty already, stop right there
\My heart leapt and I started thinking of all the things I was going to do with the money
One day, Soule, who is retired from the pharmaceutical industry and lives in Phoenix, was making a routine Costco run so
Big banks are trying new ways to lure in affluent customers as regulations have made it tougher for them to make a fast buck
It's tax-filing season, and the fastest-growing way to receive tax refunds is on prepaid cards. So it is a great time to review how prepaid card vendors can do a better job explaining how the cards work and what the true costs are.
Though this news may be unwelcome to people like Seinfeld's George Costanza -- whose \exploding wallet\ hoarded everything
Employed Brits pay national insurance on top of income tax that covers pensions, health and social security. It's not perfect, but it works. The relief of receiving medical treatment, no questions asked, is enormous and, frankly, priceless.
Here's one case where it doesn't pay to be in the 1 percent. These massive debts often are a result of going to graduate
Imagine how many people would have walked away from getting a subprime mortgage if the broker had told them, \The rate on this loan is 2% higher than you qualify for, because I\nmake more money that way.\
Forbes' comprehensive list of the world's billionaires (there are 1226) came out recently, and we were curious -- are there women on the list? Turns out, there are.
Michele Rappaport and Alan Sorkowitz\u2019s problem wasn\u2019t that they couldn\u2019t find health insurance. It was that their monthly
Why the mandate? President Barack Obama and the Democrats who passed the bill two years ago wanted to force health insurance
Renting property rather than owning is an option for many people who are not yet ready to settle down, who will be living
As we all prepare and file our tax returns ahead of this year's April 17 deadline, the sense that Big Brother is looking
While some debate whether to save or spend their tax refunds, others are just waiting on the money so they can go totally
There are many reasons why someone might leave their home unoccupied for months at a time. In each case, there's one very important person you should call well before locking the door that last time -- your insurance agent.
Shoppers at some local markets say the trend could be a result of the tough economy. A lawyer for the store told FOX 5 all
The trepidation newbies feel about investing can be analogous to the fear of getting into a swimming pool--it's easy to be
If the interest rate on student loans is doubled this summer, the camel's back will break and we will be facing yet another large-scale crisis like the one that crippled the economy in 2008.
With the U.S. suffering from the effects of a long and painful recession, the economy is the number one issue for women and men alike going into the 2012 elections. But women arguably have a bigger stake.
And while mortgage rates are at historic lows, not many can qualify for a loan. Credit ratings took a hit in the recession
While the overall economy appears to be on the uptick, we are facing a baby boom financial catastrophe if we don't change how we pay for retirement and explore all possible means to get there.
Other questions that came up blank
These days home loans, especially loans in default or otherwise in distress, get traded around more often than a mid-career relief pitcher.
An inquiry is when YOU ask for your credit to be pulled. So if you go for a mortgage or a car loan or a new credit card or a line of credit, you authorize your credit to be pulled and that is a considered to be an \inquiry\ by the credit reporting agencies.
Brandon Wells got the new iPad last Friday, started wirelessly streaming March Madness games the next day and by Saturday
American Express charge and credit card holders tend to have very good credit scores. Nearly 80 percent of Blue card holders
At a time when politicians are fighting over the mere suggestion that Americans might have to pay higher taxes, it's pretty
Making meaning is a fundamental brain addiction with a pesky non-discerning quality to it that makes it tough to know when it is serving you and when it isn't. To me this is the only rule one needs to remember.
If you think you want to be your own boss and run your own business, look in the mirror to see if you have the right traits to be an entrepreneur. Here are some key ones to look for.
(The writer is a Reuters contributor. The opinions expressed are her own.) By Kathleen Kingsbury March 21 (Reuters) - Patricia
Today, someone with Draper's equivalent job as a creative director at an advertising firm makes an average annual salary
Since the recession, 80 percent of people are showing more caution with their finances than they used to, including saving more and investing for retirement. That's good news.
Instead of running to buy the new iPad, we'd be best advised to pay down debt or stash away the cash for a rainy day. Yet
Here are a few tips for having a constructive conversation and making the most of your time together with a tax professional.
Nearly half of Americans own a smartphone (the category of phone that iPhones fall under) and tablet usage is posed to potentially
Even if you've been through difficult credit problems, it's important to establish current, positive credit references that can boost your credit scores over time.
In remarkable shift from even a decade ago, the majority of working wives will out-earn their husbands in the next generation
Among the many reasons why we've got the most dysfunctional retirement systems in the advanced world is the fact that our upwardly mobile workforce is punished for being -- upwardly mobile.
Nearly 4 out of 10 consumers admit to having just enough money to pay their monthly bills with no cushion leftover for financial emergencies, reveals a new study.
\In the past, the typical borrower was an elderly widow who took out this loan to supplement her meager income,\ begins the
Here are the top 20 items that lottery winners spent money on after striking it rich
You might be wondering -- isn't this a form of shoe prostitution? The men sign up on the dating site Lunch Actually and pick
Who doesn't like silk? It feels great in every temperature and is birthed from the bodies of amazing little silkworms. It
Have you bought your lottery ticket yet? The jackpot\u2019s up to $241 million! An interesting thing happens, when the jackpot
The new calculator produces a chart showing the date at which the value of your home will equal the outstanding balance on
Correction
Many funds own Apple despite it clashing with their stated focus. Below is a list of every U.S. mutual fund that held Apple
The recession has been particularly unkind to young adults. A mere 54 percent of 18 to 24-year-olds are currently employed
At first glance, the idea of person-to-person car sharing appears to be the perfect solution to any number of problems. People
To help make tax season easier and ensure you get every dollar you deserve back from Uncle Sam, here are the answers to the top the five most common tax questions from TurboTax.
Sherrod isn't alone in discouraging emotion-based investments. Terry Burnham, Director of Economics at Acadian Asset Management
If you've read or watched the news recently, you may have come across headlines discussing the Department of Labor's new 401(k) fee disclosure rules.
On Ash Wednesday, churches in San Francisco announced they were removing $10 million from Wells Fargo and called on the bank \to put an immediate freeze on its foreclosures and repent for their misconduct.\ The effort is part of several national campaigns to get consumers and community groups to remove their money from the big banks and transfer accounts to credit unions and smaller financial institutions. We're told that the banks, desperate when thrown a lifeline by taxpayers in 2008, are now stronger and better able to weather a crisis than they were. And yet, they continue to scream in protest and lobby on Capitol Hill against the ignominy of reform. Simple greed -- hey banks, how about giving that up for Lent?
WHAT is carried interest? And why does it get the tax treatment it does? These arcane questions are usually reserved for
It should come as no surprise that if you've fallen behind on your bills, you may be hearing from debt collectors. But there are things they aren't likely to tell you, and knowing these things can make all the difference in resolving your debts.
For hackers, these App Store accounts are juicy targets. The store offers more than half-a-million software programs for
Moms have been asking me this age-old question for years. The short answer
While the sole purpose of privately-owned Wall Street banks is to lend money at interest rates that will make the greatest
What's going on here? Well, it turns out that the economics of prescription drugs often defy common sense.
It could cost you big bucks to let a premium restaurant reservation go unused. Some high-end restaurants around the country
Why suckers? Bloomberg helpfully reminds readers that state-run lotteries have the \worst odds of any form of legal gambling
Photo by flickr user photosteve101 The good news is that health care reform could lead your employer to put a little more
Even the farsighted Founding Fathers could not have foreseen this -- the Fed is now on Twitter! Just think of the possibilities -- one fine Friday any Fed functionary could foment a world crisis in 140 characters or less! It could be as simple as a typo.
The stress test results are not an indication of the present-day condition of the banks tested, so there are no worries for
In addition, workers are taking a more active role in their savings, and many are looking to financial professionals for
It's not clear that anyone actually gets caught, however. The Internal Revenue Service does not ask for gender on tax returns
Just because a debt settlement company is \attorney backed\ does not mean that an actual attorney will be negotiating their debts.
Gone are the days of getting a free toaster in exchange for setting up a bank account. Now, banks feature posh lounges with
More than 1.3 million people joined credit unions in 2011. The gain is strong evidence that consumers are fed up with high bank fees and are leaving in large numbers for credit unions. But when you dig a bit deeper into the numbers, the results are even more significant.
If you're worried you won't be able to pay your income taxes by this year's April 17 filing date, don't panic; but don't ignore the deadline and certainly don't wait for the IRS to reach out to you first.
In credit, timing is everything and every second of the ticking clock means that your healthy credit is getting healthier.
Has a company disappointed you with their lousy customer service or shoddy product? Or surprised you with their responsiveness
What's most surprising about those numbers is that after such a strong start to the year for equities, you would expect regular
Welcome to A Dollar A Day, where every day we'll dish out creative and quirky ways to save on your living expenses. Estimates
As the country still struggles with the fallout from the financial crisis, increasing numbers are finding themselves in this
(2) Make Time to Talk About Money. \Couples really should schedule a specific time to have a conversation about money,\ says
What could be more appealing to a freelance writer with some time on her hands than making piles of money for little effort? And so I set out to make a viral cat video of my own.
And people who suffer such an emergency might find that there's no safety net in place to help them. A federal initiative
Celebrating the day will likely entail spending money, though St. Patrick's Day is far from the most expensive holiday for
If you've been to the grocery store recently, you've probably noticed the jump in prices for some basic foods. Milk and meat
Over lunch the other day, a friend told me, out of the blue, that I wouldn't believe how complicated Social Security benefit-taking rules are. He then told me he'd figured out how to get the most from the system for himself and his wife Karen.
Identity theft has more far-reaching consequences than simply tarnishing our name; it can cause the financial system to turn on us by saddling us with debt that we did not incur! Here are six easy ways to deter identity theft.
(Deletes extraneous word from 2nd paragraph) By Mitch Lipka March 12 (Reuters) - When British Airways dangled 100,000 frequent
So goes popular opinion
Retail might be the new frontier. The trend is catching on in the United Kingdom
When deciding whether to open a flexible spending account and how much money to set aside, it's important to review out-of
Smart shoppers know that planning ahead of time is the best way to get the best deals. Here are things you should and shouldn't
Do a quick Google search on \women and financial advice\ and you get 133 million hits. \Women and investment advice\ yields 64 million. Wow. That's a lot of advice. Do we really need that much?
Here comes the pitch, bargain-hungry baseball fans
Note
Originally, the time-shifting policy was designed to help save with energy costs and help Americans maximize sunlight hours
(The writer is a Reuters contributor. The opinions expressed are her own.) By Amy Feldman NEW YORK, March 9 (Reuters) - The
When it comes to sh*t New Yorkers say, you probably wouldn't expect to hear, \I have a better credit score than you.\ Apparently, they're being modest.
We'll likely see credit card spending drop off when the data rolls in for the first three months of 2012. New Year resolutions
I'm not suggesting that anyone purchase an inferior product just because it was made in the U.S.A. But if it's a tossup between two products of comparable price and quality, one American and one not, buy American. Here's why.
Both companies, however, have insurance policies that cover your car during the rental period. If your car is damaged while
\When women are pushed against a wall, they will take action on their own,\ Dr. Vanessa Cullins, vice president for medical
If you want to raise your credit score, here's the real trick
You might have experienced confusion about how much to tip a porter or bartender, especially while traveling. Tipping policies
For example, employment gains were made in small businesses, according to Intuit--a firm that analyzes payroll data of companies
We have been a culture of great spenders, living on credit putting off until tomorrow what we should really do today.  Our habits are set and it's more challenging to climb uphill than to coast effortlessly in denial of what lies ahead.
The coming Facebook IPO will reignite interest in the stock market, and make it interesting to a whole new generation.
We may well disagree on exactly where to draw the line, but we can all probably agree that we don't want our state of residence preparing our last will and testament.
As many of us have learned, life gets even more complicated when your parents come to you for assistance with their money matters -- or worse, when they don't ask for help but really should.
Was your credit card bill insane? Did a late night shopping binge go too far, for the last time? Were you forced to move
Gazillions of job-search advice articles have told job-seekers to clam up on the subject of compensation. \Wait for the offer,\ these books and articles say. \Whoever is first to name a number, loses,\ goes the old wives' tale.
Once you have your account and the automatic transfer is set up, just be vaguely mindful of it. Don\u2019t let your checking account
How to Neutralize Her
With all the excitement the stock market has brought us the last few years, life insurance seems like a relatively boring asset, and yet it can be essential to your family's bottom line.
The CARD Act was implemented on Feb. 22, 2010, and the two-year anniversary of this date marks a fair time to assess the Act's successes, failures and overall implications for consumers with credit cards.
If you watched the news lately, you will notice many reports of slow growth in employment. The good news is that instead of waiting for things to get better we can take some proactive steps to get back on track.
Still, both generations are facing a cash crunch. \u201cEmergency savings remains a problem area for many Americans, which leaves
\This was a unique situation,\ Stephanie Honan, assistant vice president and public relations manager for Fifth Third, told
In the spirit of trying to make a budget, I needed to find out what my expenses are. So, I downloaded apps for such occasions
Good decision-making involves a lot of pieces
We all carry some form of debt. Whether it be a mortgage, car note or student loans. Where you may run into trouble is when your debt starts to overwhelm and this can happen long before the bill collectors start calling.
Even if you don't own a house or you're not staring down foreclosure at this minute, don't think you can skip safely past the graveyards of U-Hauls and lockboxes.
A natural-disaster -- and damage to your house - can leave you feeling vulnerable. Along with repairs and reconstruction, you may see a long insurance claim stretching out ahead of you.
Note
STOP your bellyaching. That was the message delivered last Thursday to Americans who today make almost nothing on the savings
On a recent Saturday at The Grove mall in Los Angeles -- where nearly everyone sports a sparkling logo or three -- Castro
When oil prices rise, we all start paying attention to prices at the pump. But gas prices are just the beginning. Perhaps
Two reports released this week focus on how little Americans know about options for claiming Social Security retirement benefits
By the time you feel ready to get serious about your money, it may be too late to make up for lost ground. And there are no medical breakthroughs when it comes to retirement or building an adequate nest egg.
Patients should also consider a similar medicine that's available as a generic, Mantione says. Brand-name Crestor costs more
Many articles on the subject of money talk about different ways to invest the money. Few of the pieces, however, address the key issue underlying any allocation which may be keeping investors up at night.
Let's face it, we are not a nation of savers. According to the most recent data from the Commerce Department, Americans saved
When older generations wonder what's the matter with Millennials, they often judge their younger cohorts against such financial
\Consumer frustration with Wall Street motivated people to explore the value of Main Street credit unions,\ said Fred Baker
The folks at the Tax Institute at H&R Block sent us a handy graphic boiling down the hardly shocking news that Republican
Whether you're celebrating spring break as an actual student, or you're young in spirit, we can suggest six of the best credit cards to help keep you from losing your shirt.
Don't be afraid to negotiate -- you're worth what you're asking for, right? That's right. You are. So what are you waiting for?
Only about one in seven Americans were willing to give up Internet access. We are more willing to give up sex for six months than cut off access to email -- is this really what money stress has come to?
To help guide you through the mine field of investing traps, I have compiled some little-known investing myths. If you pay attention to them, you will be well on your way to improving your expected returns.
Remember
Most of us don't get second acts in our financial lives until it's too late. That's especially important for entrepreneurs, who are ambitious risk-takers, but have fewer safety nets than traditional employees. Now is the time to get on track.
Money can't buy you love, but fighting about it can buy you a whole lot of marital strife. In fact, money issues are the primary reason many couples untie the knot.
Even though April 17 is a ways off, it's never too soon to start planning your strategy. Here's a roundup of common economic challenges you may be facing and their possible tax implications.
Many Americans resorted to borrowing money to make ends meet during the recession but have been unable to pay down debt. That
Seniors tend to rely more on the assets they've accumulated, as they may no longer be earning a steady income. Combined with being intellectually vulnerable, this makes them attractive prey for would-be scammers.
More than $140 billion moves through prepaid debit cards every year in this country. Given the wide range of these products, consumers and regulators must find ways to navigate what really matters.
The MovenBank promotion is about as far as banks are legally permitted to go with Facebook, for now. Consumer credit regulations
Yet thousands of other smaller banks and credit unions are doing just fine with middle-class customers who have less than
Today, we see our paychecks automatically appear in our bank accounts every month and lose sight of what's earned, deducted and put away for later. But what if we got back to the basics?
This week I bring you a conversation with CNN anchor and chief business correspondent Ali Velshi, on how to start making money. Ali offers great advice on school, work, and how to ask for a raise. Most importantly, Ali teaches us to take life as an adventure.
Nine months out of college and I'm finding that the real world is full of harsh truths
Gas prices are hitting record highs for this time of year and with summer approaching, they're likely only going to get worse
You don't just want smart people to manage your money, you want smart people you can trust -- who are comfortable with the 21st century culture of transparency, not the 20th century secretive approach.
We don't promise to have all the answers to life's money problems, but we'd like to be the place where you come to share your stories of spending and saving. Let's get talking!
Too many people underestimate the importance of having a savings account. So why doesn't everyone have an emergency savings fund? The answer is simple
President Obama released his budget proposal for 2013. While you're listening to the media discuss the implications at the federal level, why not take a moment to rethink your own budgeting strategy?
There are the obvious ways to save, such as carpooling, bringing your lunch from home or cutting back on entertainment costs
Sex and money -- two things couples fight about the most. For couples with joint accounts, the money arguments can get heated and even lead to a breakup.
Keeping our long-term goals on our radar, and knowing the exact steps we can take to get there via a financial plan, is just the motivation we need to stick to our budgets, save for retirement and plan ahead.
Here's a quick guide on how to avoid the Buffett rule if you're a large shareholder in a public company or have some extra cash to invest. But, unfortunately, these strategies won't help much if you're Jeremy Lin.
Bank of America Corp. is working on sweeping changes that would require many users of basic checking accounts to pay a monthly
If you grow up in America, it's pretty rare if you don't love money. One of the first things I ever remember being punished for was stealing money. Five dollars, off my father's dresser.
\They made it as unpleasant as possible with mistaken transfers and disconnected calls,\ said Simone, who estimates she spent
Rents for primary residences across the country rose 2.4 percent between January 2011 and January 2012, according to the
Regardless of what Punxsutawney Phil has to say on the matter, spring is here. That, of course, means it's time to start planning summer vacations because simply hoping to find cheap flights and hotel rooms won't cut it.
Warren Buffett's secretary pays a higher tax rate than billionaire Warren Buffett. Mitt Romney paid a 13.9 percent tax rate
Also, know what you can deduct from your taxable income. Be aware of what you do--and don't--need to pay taxes on. Don't
In fact, you have until April 17, 2012 to file a 2008 tax return, according to the IRS, before the extra cash becomes the
Here are nine signs your superior may not be, well, superior\u2014and what do about it. How to Manage Her
We're not going to tell you to stop eating out. Sure, that's an obvious way to save, but if you're like us and you work a
7. Schemers file fake forms to claim credits to which they are not entitled. According to the IRS
\A 401(k) in and of itself is no guarantee that you will meet your retirement goals,\ Di Lorenzo said. But it's a good start
1. Students We might not be able to offer you any good news about rising tuition costs, but we can point you to ways you
