Last month a Health and Human Services official revealed the government was unable to locate nearly 1,500 children who had been released from its custody.
The wiretaps feature conversations between Alexander Torshin and Alexander Romanov, a convicted Russian money launderer.
But don't count on Robert Mueller to nail him, the NSA whistleblower warns.
Just a peeping minute.
Irish women will no longer have to travel to the United Kingdom to end their pregnancies.
The interior secretary attempts damage control with hunting and fishing groups that didn\u2019t like his fossil fuel focus.
And there are four times as many male as female executives.
A new law to fight sex trafficking targets some of the people it ostensibly aims to protect.
For Curry and others, being Christian means rejecting white nationalism and misogyny, while protecting immigrants, refugees and the poor.
The Chinese Exclusion Act barely gets mentioned in U.S. history classes. A new PBS documentary from directors Ric Burns and Li-Shin Yu could change that.
Stone's contact with Julian Assange reportedly told him he couldn't ask WikiLeaks favors \every other day.\
\Publix knows we're not going away,\ one gun-control activist said.
\u201cOur results suggest that, given narrow margins of victories in each vote, bots\u2019 effect was likely marginal but possibly large enough to affect the outcomes.\
A videographer made fun of the far-right extremist group online, so they showed up at his house.
Godlessness. Too many doors in schools. Ritalin. Guess what's not on the list?
Catholic hospital systems are pushing Trump to expand \u201cconscience rights\u201d \u2013 even though faith-based medicine has nearly killed some of their patients.
Unions denounced the president's actions an \u201cassault on democracy.\u201d
\The process of writing this book has been so personally meaningful and illuminating for me.\
\Trump's more concerned about Tomi Lahren being splashed with water than Flint still being entirely without safe water.\
Trump cited North Korea\u2019s \u201ctremendous anger and open hostility\u201d in calling off the June 12 Singapore meeting.
The lawmaker is reportedly one of at least 50 investors in the winery, though the company said they were not involved in the party.
One 16-year-old filed a complaint alleging that a Border Patrol agent \threw him down and smashed his head into the ground with his boot.\
American influence could tip the referendum.
Emmet Flood, the White House attorney dealing with the Russia probe, was present at a controversial DOJ meeting about the investigation.
Every Republican on the judiciary committee voted for Wendy Vitter.
The canceled North Korea summit doesn\u2019t mean the president will be talking to the special counsel anytime soon.
Danny Alvarez, a married of father of three, was vying for Jefferson County District Court judge in Louisville.
Other tweeters, including Mexico's former president Vicente Fox, also poked fun at Trump over the news.
The billionaire Koch brothers\u2019 political network wants to show it will punish Republicans who don\u2019t support its agenda.
Before he was Trump's embattled EPA chief, Pruitt was a state politician who backed draconian abortion restrictions.
\Pot meet kettle.\
The bill would let lawmakers hide past offenses and only be punished for \severe or pervasive\ harassment, the ACLU said.
Legal experts say the suit has some big flaws.
She plans to get the required number of petition signatures to make it onto the ballot.
An internal memo obtained by The Washington Post offers a glimpse into the challenges faced by the Trump administration on the issue of climate change.
Basically
Sure, this seems like the kind of thing a private company should be in charge of. Welcome to the Facebook Election Commission.
\u201cWhy did you shoot at the girl? You killed her!\u201d a bystander asks in viral video that shows the aftermath of the shooting.
Senators and human rights groups worry the proposed rule changes will export the U.S. gun violence epidemic.
The California city recognized her as a \u201cnational figure in the resistance to the Trump Administration.\
The Supreme Court will likely have to determine whether indefinite detention without a bond hearing violates the Constitution.
\u201cIt\u2019s important that we learn from their experience.\
The education secretary said it's a local decision, but she didn't argue against it.
The lawsuit is the latest of several targeting the Infowars conspiracy theorist.
The upset comes after widespread teacher protests over pension and education budget cuts.
The former sheriff \u2015 the first Latina nominated for Texas governor by a major party \u2015 now faces GOP Gov. Greg Abbott.
Evgeny Freidman has been Cohen\u2019s partner in the taxi business for years.
If elected, the former party leader in the state legislature would be the nation\u2019s first black female governor.
The Iraq War veteran will now face GOP Rep. Will Hurd in November. She'll make history if she wins.
McGrath's victory continues the success women and political newcomers have found in Democratic primaries.
The president, who just unveiled new restrictions on abortion services, sought the support of anti-abortion activists at Susan B. Anthony List's annual gala.
The civil liberties group says Ohio's map is so heavily gerrymandered, it violates the Constitution.
Santa Fe, unlike Parkland, doesn't seem to be significantly driving new calls for gun control.
But they might need a reality check.
Republicans have been demanding a look at documents about whether Obama planted a spy in the Trump campaign.
In an ad, Brian Kemp said he would round up undocumented immigrants and \take them home myself.\
The top Democratic leaders warned a Republicans-only meeting would set a bad precedent for the Justice Department.
The president hailed the Fox News pundit as a \u201crespected young woman.\u201d
Except the White House press secretary gives false and misleading information all the time.
The president's Twitter feed is a \public forum,\ the judge found.
The Babylon Brigade is led by a Christian but is tied to the brutal Iranian-backed Muslim paramilitary Badr Organization.
The state's fourth-largest union had backed the Democratic congresswoman two years ago.
The president's son-in-law had been using a temporary security clearance while the FBI performed a background check.
\u201cThe callousness that our country has for life is very disturbing,\ GOP candidate Wendy Rogers said.
McBath, whose son was shot dead in 2012, will be facing businessman Kevin Abel in a Democratic primary runoff on July 24.
Lawyer Lizzie Fletcher beat progressive activist Laura Moser in a district Democrats hope to take from the GOP.
It would require lawmakers to pay out of pocket for their misconduct, which some Republicans fought for months.
Adam Putnam, a self-described \NRA sellout\ running for Florida governor, received $670,000 from the company.
The recommendation comes days after the Manhattan district attorney pledged to stop prosecuting low-level marijuana cases.
A publicly available 2017 assessment from the intelligence community concluded that Russia meddled in the 2016 election with a preference for Donald Trump.
So Mexico's not paying for it?
Trump wants to know whether an FBI informant infiltrated his campaign for political purposes.
And here's a look at other key races in Tuesday's voting in four states.
The contest between Stacey Abrams and Stacey Evans is a battle of divergent political strategies.
The bill would expand the list of those who can petition to take away firearms beyond family, roommates and police.
Retired fighter pilot Amy McGrath\u2019s upstart primary campaign thinks it's found a way to talk to disaffected voters.
The coin\u2019s depiction of Trump with the North Korean dictator has been called inappropriate and un-American.
\u201cIt was sort of like a gift,\ Giuliani said of the Clinton campaign material stolen by Russia. \And you\u2019re not involved in the illegality of getting it.\u201d
\The article is an absolutely disgusting piece that lacks any place in journalism; even in your Onion.\u201d
Their agenda would steer $100 billion toward schools and salaries and guarantee teachers' right to join unions.
\u201cI suspect the president of the United States is sophisticated enough to know what he should or shouldn\u2019t be talking about on an unsecured line,\u201d Sen. Jim Risch said.
Lawmakers have passed a bill to roll back regulations adopted after the 2008 financial crisis.
One person wondered if the hole was Melania's escape tunnel.
Add this to the long, ever-growing list of scandals for the EPA chief.
The chess champ and dissident sounds the gong again on Vladimir Putin's manipulation of U.S. democracy.
The president is said to use a cellphone that lacks top security features and ignores advice to regularly swap his Twitter phone.
The court denied a motion to dismiss Grimm's lawsuit against the Gloucester County School Board.
Trump has asked the Justice Department to look into whether an FBI informant infiltrated his campaign for political purposes.
The Asian country\u2019s energy needs are growing and coal power is a tempting solution.
That percentage has barely budged since last year.
Forget restricting guns as a way to curb school shootings. \It's a Second Amendment right, not a Second Amendment suggestion.\
The state has a child access prevention law, but it doesn't appear to be working as intended.
Plaintiffs complained that the state violated the 1993 National Voter Registration Act.
Any action is an \effort to silence me,\ the controversial political operative said.
The New York governor faces former \Sex and the City\ star Cynthia Nixon in the Democratic primary.
A new ruling allows employers to force workers into class-action waivers. As one justice put it, the case cuts to \the entire heart of the New Deal.\
A Texas newspaper filed a lawsuit alleging the Calhoun Port Authority hired the disgraced former lawmaker without public notice, in violation of state law.
\If you can't beat 'em, join 'em,\ Clinton said, in a pretty obvious nod to the Russians.
\u201cWe can\u2019t let our guy go in and be questioned without knowing this,\u201d the president's lawyer said.
It's a revival of a successful tactic Dems used in 2006, when they took control of both chambers of Congress.
Our poll showed some surprising generational divides.
Most of those following the Trump-Russia investigation via the cable news outlet say they strongly disapprove of the special counsel's job performance.
The proposal would allow hunters to kill bear cubs and wolf pups in their dens and shoot swimming caribou from motorboats.
Trump told Stern
The Me Too movement takes a massive hit from a new decision written by Justice Neil Gorsuch.
The outside groups can spend big to alter election outcomes, but don't have to disclose donors until after the voting.
The secretary of state avoided specifics on how he would convince  the rest of the world to abandon the existing nuclear accord.
\Right now, we have agreed to put the tariffs on hold while we try to execute the framework.\
Larry Kudlow dodges when asked about the president\u2019s attacks on the retail giant.
But they don't yet have the public support of the president -- and Mitch McConnell is delaying a vote on proposed sanctions for perpetrators of the crisis.
Trump's lawyer told The New York Times he got the timeline from the special counsel's office two weeks ago.
Once an outsider, her radical economic thinking won over Wall Street. Now she's changing the Democratic Party.
Gov. Greg Abbott was dragged on social media over the seemingly tone-deaf contest.
\For [Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick] to be making those moronic comments? Unacceptable.\u201d
The president tried to smear the credibility of special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation yet again.
\Our teachers are part of that well-run militia\ mentioned in the Second Amendment, he said.
The Justice Department responded by asking its inspector general to look into Trump's charge.
The student who posted the photo called Carrey's depiction \disgusting.\
The incoming NRA president, who once promoted a violent video game, also cited a \culture of violence.\
\u201cTo see our elected leaders do nothing over and over again, it\u2019s just an incredibly sad situation.\u201d
Even his own mom calls him a bigot, but former judge Vickers Cunningham insists his opposition to interracial and same-sex marriage didn't affect his rulings.
\I\u2019ve hit rock bottom and I am not interested in your views as it pertains to this issue,\ he said.
The crown princes of the UAE and Saudi Arabia offered help to the Trump presidential campaign, the New York Times reports.
Has \Melanie\ signed an NDA?
\They sit there with their hands in their pockets, pockets that are full of gun money, and they do nothing.\
The teens organized the protest in response to the Texas school shooting earlier that day.
A small group took part in the national protest on April 20.
The attorney general ordered judges to stop administratively closing cases, whether they think it's best or not.
Many in Congress are furious over a White House aide joking that McCain is \dying anyway.\
The rapper said he and the president had become the focus of the summit.
Providers like Planned Parenthood would lose funding for essential health checks like breast cancer screenings.
\We\u2019ll try and keep that in mind when your parole hearings come up,\ one Twitter user told the president.
It's over.
He's been hounded by reporters and may get a surprise serenade from a mariachi band.
\u201cThe threat of a pandemic is serious, and it\u2019s important families know we have a vigilant and experienced team in place.\u201d
A recently released survey of the two groups finds minimal gaps in support for many key policies.
\We're tired of paying you in exchange for your useless prayers,\ one Twitter user told the senator.
Another concern for some gun rights activists is that the state bans do not give enough notice to residents that possessing a bump stock is, in most cases, a felony.
He\u2019s betting that a campaign to impeach Donald Trump will turn out infrequent voters in November. What could go wrong?
The Republican senator's campaign gave the cash to his son to run its Instagram page and make Facebook and YouTube videos.
The agency took six months to even respond to a federal probe into Zinke's apparent effort to bully Sen. Lisa Murkowski over her health care vote.
\u201cSo I was able to explain that those are rarely confused with each other,\u201d the tech mogul said.
\He doesn't know this yet,\ Trump admitted.
The president reportedly doesn\u2019t know the difference between HIV and HPV, but he still wants to penalize family planning providers.
Obstruction of justice charges are reportedly central to the special counsel's Russia investigation.
The messy health insurance exchange market was starting to settle down before Trump came along.
All 216 things.
The guilty plea agreement could add to the legal pressure on Manafort.
\u201cOn another note, a very positive note, I'm honored to be here ...\
He said humans are contributing in a \major way\ to climate change after years of refusing to acknowledge that fact.
A fight over immigration ended up tanking the farm bill.
Congress could make all companies allow workplace sexual harassment victims to go to court. But the bipartisan legislation seems to have stalled.
The 666 Fifth Avenue property may have found its savior.
The president has a history of claiming to donate to charities without providing proof.
Though jurors acquitted the first defendants, the government is pursuing multiple felony charges against four more.
The Freedom Caucus comes out against the farm bill until Republicans work out an immigration plan.
By Frank Bass, MapLight More than five dozen congressmen who have retired or plan to retire next year have raised at least
Somehow, the farm bill may hinge on immigration.
According to Rudy Giuliani, Trump paid Michael Cohen $420,000 \u2013 but Cohen only paid Daniels $130,000. What happened to the rest of it?
Democrats had the power to block her nomination, but they couldn't stick together.
Opponents to the measure have vowed to challenge the ban in court.
Tony Perkins, who has warned of gay people waging an anti-Christian holocaust, is now on the Commission on International Religious Freedom.
The House intelligence committee chairman, who's attacked the probe of Russian interference in the 2016 election, says he's \standing strong\ with Trump.
\You must show compassion and humanity,\ Vicente Fox admonished after Trump called immigrants \animals.\
The scam allegedly raised $23 million from donors from 2014 to 2017.
The president often talks about criminals that his administration finds and deports. But a lot of noncriminals are being swept up too.
Stone is President Donald Trump's longtime friend and former campaign consultant.
The 26-year-old's plea comes amid rioting at the prison where he has been held without trial since 2016.
\Dear sir
Giuliani provided a circuitous explanation of why Trump couldn't have colluded with the Russians.
\Does N E 1 C A train?\ reads one of the subway-themed campaign ads.
An amendment threatens farm animal protections, food safety laws and rules on invasive species.
\u201cEssentially, barring a surprise, there is no new information that\u2019s going to be submitted,\u201d an agency official said.
The whistleblower said two files about Cohen's business dealings are missing from a government database.
Haspel looks all but assured to win confirmation in a vote before the full Senate.
It looks like at least one woman will be heading to Washington from the state.
This is getting very House of Cards-y.
U.S. lawmakers demand details from Novartis and AT&T about their payments to Cohen's firm.
\u201cI don\u2019t see how getting rid of the top cyber official in the White House does anything to make our country safer from cyber threats,\u201d Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence committee, said.
Susan Wild would be the first woman to represent the Lehigh Valley in Congress.
The House minority leader is turning up in GOP attack ads for Senate and state legislative races.
This article originally appeared at TomDispatch.com. To receive TomDispatch in your inbox three times a week, click here
Giuliani may also be trying to \aggrandize himself,\ Jay Goldberg said.
Senate transcripts reveal the president's son only partly backed White House claims that the president didn't know.
The measure\u2019s passage is a significant victory for voting rights advocates.
A reason for the payment was not specified in the financial disclosure, which has caused concern over its timing.
Advocates for Ahmed Etiwy said the White House had never made the case a priority despite President Donald Trump's \America First\ policy.
\Seriously? You're pushing raffle tickets to get a picture with an elected official?\
\u201cWhen the government uses 20th-century tools to tackle 21st-century problems, it\u2019s the public that pays the price.\
The EPA chief's ego and lavish spending have made him and the agency \u201ca laughingstock,\ said Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.).
Paulette Jordan won the Democratic primary in the Idaho governor's race.
Kara Eastman prevailed against an establishment favorite in challenging territory.
\u201cWe\u2019re seeing a resegregation of society that\u2019s catalyzed by algorithms,\u201d Wylie said Wednesday.
Many local food and beverage merchants are already on board.
Among the information released was an interview with Donald Trump, Jr.
The Agriculture Department found animal welfare violations in Democrat Shri Thanedar\u2019s chemical testing facility.
But they might be overestimating what their legislation would do.
The Office of Government Ethics said the president should have disclosed he repaid his lawyer for the $130,000 in hush money.
The president also asked the attorney general to charge the mayor of Oakland with obstruction of justice for warning residents about planned immigration arrests.
Burn.
Experts say the choice to lead the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp. wasn't based on qualifications.
The government suspects that Joshua Adam Schulte gave documents to WikiLeaks, but they're holding him on child pornography charges.
\They have made a political decision. And they have every right to do that because they won the election,\u201d Thomas Brunell said.
Thousands of pages of transcripts detail the meeting at Trump Tower with Russians.
Gee, wonder who he's talking about.
It's only a temporary victory, however.
\Tariffs are B-A-D,\ says a deadpan Ben Stein in front of a chalkboard.
\u201cMore voter participation makes for a stronger democracy,\ Gov. Jay Inslee said.
Everyone agrees that the national discourse is currently less than genteel -- and that the other side is to blame.
News of the investigation comes two months after the company was accused of harvesting 87 million Facebook users\u2019 personal data.
Israeli forces opened fire on Palestinian protesters on Monday, killing more than 50 and injuring thousands more.
She repeatedly refused to weigh in on its morality at her confirmation hearing.
After the nuclear deal, Iran hoped to replace more than 200 of its planes. It has only received 11.
At an event attended by officers' families, the president denounced MS-13 and called for the death penalty for those who kill police officers.
The Missouri governor\u2019s lawyers accuse St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner of misconduct in the felony case.
The Massachusetts senator announced a $175,000 contribution to state legislature campaigns and gerrymandering reform groups.
The EPA had justified Pruitt's expensive security as a response to threats. New emails appear to cast further doubt on the claim.
Conspiracy theorist John Guandolo, who says Islam is \barbaric and evil,\ conducted a state-approved training session this month.
Democrats have lost the debate over torture after two Democratic senators said they plan to back Haspel's confirmation.
The former representative from Texas says he's balking on the advice of his lawyer.
\Daddy's Little Diplomat\ gets called out over Israel trip.
The former Fox News host ignored the lesson that immigrants, past and present, are alike -- including the ones in her own family.
\We\u2019re going to put them on this bus and send them home,\ boasts state Sen. Michael Williams.
The state attorney general has five days to file an emergency appeal challenging the ruling.
The gun group has worked to \perpetuate the culture of violence that we have in our country,\ the congresswoman said.
Reid underwent surgery Monday to remove a tumor, according to his family.
Rohit Chopra, a Trump appointee to the Federal Trade Commission, took a not-so-subtle jab at the tech giant.
The White House appeared to be more upset that Kelly Sadler\u2019s comment was leaked than by her ugly remark.
State Sen. Neal Tapio was the state director for Donald Trump\u2019s 2016 campaign.
The ruling paves the way for states to legalize sports betting, but could have implications far beyond sports.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner took the action after the defense requested to put her on the stand.
\In a time where LBGTQIA rights are being rolled back on the federal level, when the Trump administration isn't protecting children, it is our duty to step in.\
In one of his most controversial decisions to date, Trump declared Jerusalem the capital of Israel in December.
It's only been a month since he quit his House seat amid an ethics committee probe into sexual harassment allegations.
\u201cWe are No. 1 in the country when it comes to protecting life,\u201d Republican Gov. Kim Reynolds said.
Her condition was benign, her office said, but she will remain hospitalized this week.
The Montanan is up for re-election in a state Trump won in a romp. That hasn't stopped him from opposing Trump nominees.
Now Rudy Giuliani's spilling the beans on the president's diet efforts, too.
\Warning ignored. So here it goes,\  Stormy Daniels' attorney tweeted.
As one paraphrased Trump, \u201cthe food here is awful and the portions are too small.\u201d
Trump will profit from Indonesian resort project that will get $500 million in Chinese loans in a deal sealed days before before his tweet ordering help for ZTE.
The movement demands lawmakers do more to help Americans in poverty, from supporting a $15 minimum wage to ending systemic racism.
Lahren\u2019s great-great-grandmother spoke no English after living in the United States for a decade.
Another evangelical Christian leader speaking at the opening of the new American embassy once said Hitler was a \hunter\ helping Jews return to Israel.
Trump applauded Shaw for his \u201cheroic actions,\u201d in a phone call Monday, according to the White House.
\u201cI think most Americans would like to see the Trump administration do better in situations like this.\u201d
Much of the U.S. public appears not to have any deeply held convictions about the accord.
The gathering boasted record attendance amid the rise of a newly vocal gun-control movement.
\How did we go from a president who could not tell a lie to politicians who cannot tell the truth?\
\u201cSo much of what I\u2019ve done and so much of what I\u2019ve become is because of my mother. I miss her a lot,\u201d he said.
ZTE pleaded guilty last year to conspiring to violate U.S. sanctions by illegally shipping U.S. goods and technology to Iran.
And they leaked that too.
\We\u2019re not criminal civil terrorists,\ Fred Guttenberg responded to North. \We're people with a broken heart.\
The national security adviser believes the U.S. can force European nations to abandon the historic Iran nuclear accord.
Little Michelle!
The Fox News pundit gave a dubious history lesson to defend White House chief of staff John Kelly.
The special counsel is looking at contributors tied to Russia, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates, ABC News says.
If they succeed, the liberal billionaire and political action committees could change how the law is enforced in America.
Erik's radicalization shows that the incel phenomenon has nothing to do with sex \u2014 duh \u2014 and everything with entitlement.
The military is diverse, but you wouldn't know it from this White House event honoring service moms and spouses.
The telecommunications giant's $85 billion merger is currently pending approval from the Justice Department.
At least 16 state lawmakers have resigned or been expelled from their legislatures since the #MeToo movement started seven
The sponsor of the measure says the city should not be contributing to gun violence in any way.
\u201cIt wasn\u2019t a mistake,\ Sen. Jeff Merkley said.
\Be Best,\ Mr. President.
Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) reportedly wishes he'd chosen Joe Lieberman as his 2008 running mate.
The aide reportedly tossed out the cruel remark in response to the senator's opposition to the CIA director nominee.
One scientist calls the decision to cancel the program a \grave mistake.\
\u201cThis is a race that people around the country should probably be watching closely,\u201d one strategist said.
Investigators traced IP addresses linked to the attack to foreign countries.
Apparently, it's that time of year already.
\No one calls him 'Songbird John' except for crazy people and jerks \u2014 and I\u2019m using my language carefully here,\u201d Tapper said.
Immigration prosecutions are normally open-and-shut cases. But the president\u2019s tweets are once again undermining him in court.
\You're a disgrace. Apologize to the entire McCain family, then resign.\
The EPA knew Vatican treasurer George Pell was under investigation, but went ahead with the dinner during Pruitt's trip to Italy.
\u201cIt doesn\u2019t matter. He\u2019s dying anyway,\u201d Kelly Sadler said of Sen. John McCain, who is at odds with the president over his CIA nominee.
\People have wondered when decency would hit rock bottom with this administration. It happened yesterday,\ the former vice president said.
\Their pro-gun policies have resulted in dead children, dead mothers and dead fathers,\ says Democratic congressional candidate Pat Davis.
A nasty primary race has made the congressional candidate tell the difficult story of escaping her violent ex-husband.
So much for an all-out assault on Big Pharma.
The president\u2019s new lead lawyer sees this as proof Trump is draining the swamp.
Fewer than 10 percent of the ads specifically targeted a state in contention.
Leaders of AfriForum, an Afrikaner rights group, also posed for a picture with national security adviser John Bolton.
The president is expected to reveal details of the meeting with the North Korean leader in three days.
The New York Times says Trump berated Kirstjen Nielsen's ability to secure the border.
\There\u2019s no reason to foreclose things,\ the former Planned Parenthood president told Refinery29.
Information on Kobach's website misleadingly suggests that everyone in Kansas needs to prove they're a citizen when they register to vote.
The vulnerable incumbent will criticize the GOP tax law and Mitch McConnell instead.
Rep. Martha McSally of Arizona is running in a Senate primary against conservative favorites Kelli Ward and Joe Arpaio.
\I believe the Senate should exercise its duty of advice and consent and reject this nomination,\ the Arizona Republican said.
Women are running for attorney general posts all over the country.
\Why does Mike Pence want to kill this investigation?\u201d asked Joe Scarborough.
The U.S. Senate plans to vote next week on whether to reject the FCC's repeal of the Obama-era rules.
Kevin Kamenetz, 60, was a two-term Baltimore County executive, husband and father of two sons.
A pending appointment marks a truce in an ongoing saga.
A crappy situation involving a Putin crony, Trump sanctions and the bathrooms of a government building.
\u201cYou gotta do it. I\u2019m mean, you don\u2019t have a choice.\u201d
The House released all 3,000 of the ads on Thursday.
Cheney's comments come as lawmakers have scrutinized CIA director nominee Gina Haspel for her role in overseeing the controversial program.
The Republican congressman has proposed impeaching two DOJ leaders and holding a third in contempt.
Ron Johnson and Mitch McConnell did whatever it took to hold the lifetime seat open for a GOP president to fill.
Trump will meet with Kim Jong Un on June 12 in Singapore.
Partners at the law firm reportedly were displeased at Giuliani's suggestion that payoffs like Michael Cohen's deal with Stormy Daniels were common practice.
The plan's architects say they didn't mean to disadvantage black cities, but they had easy ways not to.
\u201cWell ... the ka-kahas hit the fan now.\u201d
For Americans behind bars in Iran, Egypt, Turkey and elsewhere, homecoming ceremonies appear to be a long way off.
Ohio state Sen. Troy Balderson now will face a Democrat in an Aug. 7 special election.
WNYC has released an interview conducted last week that host Alec Baldwin says is now \difficult listening.\
Millions of dollars flowed into a dummy corporation used by Michael Cohen to pay for a porn star's silence.
He defeated two congressmen and will challenge Democratic Sen. Joe Donnelly in November.
The Democratic senator \would rather give ... terrorists hugs and safe spaces than take adequate action to protect America,\ state Sen. Leah Vukmir (Wis.) said.
A mix of enforcement and assistance gets people off unemployment benefits and back to work faster, research suggests.
Rachel Crooks says Trump forcibly kissed her in the Trump Tower lobby in 2005.
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is seeking permission to provide information to senators about the controversial CIA director nominee.
Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia has voted with Trump 61 percent of the time.
Though hackers had access to voter registration data, they did not appear to be able to change individual votes or vote totals.
Democrat Richard Cordray will face Republican Mike DeWine in November.
Demonstrators gathered inside and outside the building for the CIA nominee's confirmation hearing.
The arrangement illustrates efforts by the telecom to work with an influential adviser to the new president as his administration took up major industry issues.
\Does the back say 'Turning back a century on women's rights!'?\
\For the first time in 8 years I feel like dancing.\
Richard Grenell, a Trump ally and former Fox News commentator, has a history of stirring controversy on social media.
If the effort makes it through the chamber, tougher battles await.
A bipartisan committee will look at successors for the state attorney general, who has resigned in disgrace. Its recommendations might not mean much, though.
Trump's pick for CIA director oversaw a black site in Thailand where at least one detainee was reportedly tortured.
This will be the first state mandate of its kind.
\There\u2019s no horde of invading people using fraud to game the asylum system.\
Just seven states directly invest in programs designed to address shootings in cities. But that movement may be growing.
Progressives spent millions to challenge local prosecutors around the country who are maintaining the status quo.
The most innocent explanation of the payments to Michael Cohen's LLC is still pretty sketchy.
Trump's sabotage of Obamacare seems to be having predictable consequences.
The senator tells HuffPost it's time to ban right-to-work laws and make it easier to unionize.
A psychologist explains why men who advocate for women's rights can be abusive in their private lives.
Gina Haspel pledged not to revive the spy agency's interrogation operation \u2014 but she wouldn't condemn it.
Extremists \R\ us.
Democrats are targeting the seat, and a former Marine is their candidate.
Corporations were looking to get closer to the new administration, and Trump's lawyer offered to help.
McConnell's official campaign account trolls West Virginia GOP primary loser.
Republican Morrisey will face Sen. Joe Manchin, a conservative Democrat who has voted for the president's agenda 61 percent of the time.
The Ohio plan had overwhelming bipartisan support in the state legislature when lawmakers approved it for the May ballot.
It's a striking example of the president again making a move condemned by U.S. allies but likely to help Vladimir Putin.
\u201cI just don\u2019t see a scenario where that\u2019s a positive projection\ of the GOP brand, Sen. Thom Tillis (R-N.C.) said.
\u201cIt\u2019s not about Eric Schneiderman. It is about a much larger movement to ensure accountability, and that is beyond the power of Eric Schneiderman to impugn.\u201d
U.S. allies France, Germany and Britain have all made overtures to persuade Trump to stay in the pact.
In a New Yorker article, four women accused Schneiderman of physical abuse, including slapping and choking them.
\It doesn't usually turn out well,\ the MSNBC host said of feces flinging.
The newest member of Trump\u2019s legal team in the Russia probe says he feels bad for Cohen and Paul Manafort because of the \u201cstorm trooper tactics\u201d used against them.
France, the U.K. and Germany have been working with the Trump administration in recent weeks in an attempt to change the president's mind.
Immigrants are less willing to report crimes or go to court because they fear they\u2019ll be deported, according to a survey.
The effort stemmed from Meyers' 2011 roasting of Trump at the White House Correspondents' Dinner.
The GOP bill would lower income limits for some SNAP recipients and raise them for certain agricultural subsidies.
A guide to the 2015 international agreement that Donald Trump has plunged into crisis.
North Carolina, West Virginia, Indiana and Ohio all have high-profile primary fights.
\u201cHe\u2019s coming to talk, at some point or another, whether he wants to or not,\ said Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.).
The Republican version of fiscal conservatism is to increase the deficit by hundreds of billions and then propose $15 billion in cuts.
The president's son-in-law has been a \driving force\ of the legislation, which focuses on the re-entry of federal prisoners. Many say it doesn't go far enough.
Thousands of newly released EPA documents show the agency went to great lengths to shield the embattled administrator from encounters with the public.
Liz Watson\u2019s victory in southern Indiana will test the appeal of liberal populism in November.
Greg Pence, a former Marine with no previous political experience, has campaigned on much the same agenda as his younger brother.
A 19-year-old Marine has been linked to violent assaults in the deadly Charlottesville rally.
The move puts the future of the 2015 international agreement in crisis.
The man liberals loved was a myth.
Robert Mueller has reportedly interviewed the Russian oligarch about the payments to Trump's lawyer.
\u201cI felt like I shouldn\u2019t have said what I said,\u201d the senator said.
He is going around Democratic Sen. Tammy Baldwin to put Michael Brennan into a lifetime court seat in her state.
The secretary\u2019s push to reshape the Interior Department won\u2019t cut the number of agencies that oversee fish-laden streams.
In one instance, the politician reportedly threatened a partner, \u201cif you ever left me, I\u2019d kill you.\u201d
Federal immigration officials say that in sanctuary cities, they have little choice but to carry out enforcement activities in neighborhoods and other community locations, even though it is not an efficient use of their time or resources.
Tuesday\u2019s primaries are the first major chance for GOP voters to shape the party in the Trump era.
\u201cWe have the most qualified person, a woman, who Democrats want Out because she is too tough on terror,\u201d Trump tweeted Monday.
Susan Collins and Rand Paul are seen as key votes in the heated debate over torture.
\u201cAs soon as we receive them, it is our intention to share them with the public,\ Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) said.
It's a dramatic shift from 2016.
The Utah senator said he hopes McCain changes his mind.
This is the \most sexist administration in modern history,\ scoffs New York Times' Michelle Goldberg.
Trump\u2019s newest lawyer has been spouting about North Korea and Iran.
Though her work and public appearances have been limited, she may be making the most of her \impossible situation.\
The retired lieutenant colonel was tried over his role in the secret sale of arms to Iran in the 1980s.
At least 16 states debated bills to regulate the short-term rental industry this year. Only one, Indiana\u2019s, was signed into law.
The New Yorker has vetted four women's accounts.
Cries for more gun restrictions have surged in the three months since the Parkland, Florida, shooting left 17 dead. You wouldn\u2019t know it at the NRA\u2019s annual convention.
\u201cSenator McCain is everything that President Trump is not,\u201d S.E. Cupp said to Tapper.
The \Sex and the City\ star teased that a two-candidate debate in the Democratic race for New York governor would ensure there's \nowhere to hide.\u201d
Attorneys are already fighting back.
The former coal CEO is one of the three leading contenders in Tuesday's GOP Senate primary in West Virginia.
Connecticut would join 10 other states and the District of Columbia in the National Popular Vote Interstate Compact.
Patrick Little responded by calling participants in the GOP convention \u201czionist stooges.\u201d
Her new booklet on kids' online activity looks lots like one the Federal Trade Commission released in 2014.
The former sheriff would also be the state\u2019s first openly queer governor. But her victory is far from a given.
The Arizona senator says he ignored his gut on that one.
The action could pave way for millions of Facebook users to go after the Trump-linked firm.
Republicans currently benefit from gerrymandering in Ohio, but are supporting a ballot measure that could make the redistricting process more fair.
Our photographer took in the divided scene at the gun group's annual meeting in Dallas.
The French are also furious about Trump's \obscene\ acting out of Paris terror attack.
He also maintains that the $130,000 Stormy Daniels payment didn't violate any laws.
Trump's team is straining to explain his comments last month that he didn't know about the payment to the porn star.
Haspel's role in the CIA\u2019s use of brutal interrogation measures has generated bipartisan criticism.
Adam Putnam runs a traditional campaign. Ron DeSantis goes on Fox a lot to defend Trump. Guess which one Trump backs.
The White House has been asked to send Vice President Mike Pence instead.
They built lives in the U.S. with the government\u2019s OK, and now they face an uncertain future.
\I have no knowledge of that, but I would think if it was necessary, yes,\ Giuliani said.
Reformers love what Massachusetts is doing. The NRA? Not so much.
\u201cHow do you separate fact and opinion?\u201d Giuliani wondered aloud.
Bush was admitted to Houston Methodist Hospital on April 22, a day after he attended the funeral of his wife, Barbara.
But it probably doesn't hurt.
So much for gun control after Parkland.
It's Joaquin Oliver.
Now he says that while the president reimbursed Michael Cohen for the payment, he didn't know what it was for.
It's \not appropriate\ to say permits are \required,\ warns the memo.
\u201cIf he\u2019s in front of families he might say something in support of commonsense gun reform but then when he\u2019s at the NRA, he\u2019ll say something to get a big cheer.\u201d
The next front in the battle over affordable housing isn't Boston or San Francisco. It's Boise.
Breitbart led the charge, but Democrats delivered the killing blow. Has anyone really learned?
\He would absolutely look to try to use that to his advantage,\u201d one police chief said.
Friday it's off to the NRA convention. Then golf!
Agents are \devoted to the rule of law,\ the former FBI director said.
\u201cWe\u2019re really trying to find people who aren\u2019t beholden to leadership,\u201d Paul said.
As the GOP gathered at Trump\u2019s golf resort, they focused on the positives and didn\u2019t talk about that other stuff.
Officials in Seoul have denied the New York Times report.
Just like its subject, a new film on Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg quietly and methodically plots the story of her career.
He wants any Trump interview with Mueller to be limited in time and scope.
NBC and ABC walked back reports that federal investigators had wiretapped Trump\u2019s longtime lawyer.
Republicans are running far fewer ads mentioning Obamacare than they have in the past.
The president threw red meat to firearm enthusiasts while ignoring a more complicated reality.
\Unless you happen to be Muslim.\
Planned Parenthood and the ACLU plan to challenge the \fetal heartbeat\ bill, which would effectively ban abortions at six weeks of pregnancy.
\u201cKanye West must have some power ... Thank you, Kanye, thank you,\ he said.
The president contradicted his lead attorney in remarks Friday.
\I refuse to believe this is real.\
Maryland just became the seventh state to enact a \u201cBeagle Freedom\u201d law, which seeks to find homes for cats and dogs that survive testing in research labs.
Feinstein's leading opponent, state lawmaker Kevin de Le\u00f3n, has campaigned as a progressive alternative to the longtime Democratic senator.
The embattled EPA chief is said to have told aides to \find official reasons\ to justify overseas trips.
A scheduler spent $4,000 on a week in the U.S. Virgin Islands to prepare for Ryan Zinke's trip -- a cost one appointee said would draw an inspector's attention.
And it has nothing to do with gun control.
The administration previously ended temporary protected status for immigrants from El Salvador, Haiti, Nepal, Nicaragua and Sudan.
There were 130 people killed that day. Trump used finger guns to replay the massacre.
\Americans across the country\ paid a stiff price last time.
\Wow,\ he finally said.
Dayanna Volitich allegedly told students the Ku Klux Klan is a \good thing,\ according to the latest investigation.
Donald Trump's new lawyer says \the whole country\ will turn against the special counsel if he targets the president's daughter.
For more than a decade, women alleged that Clay Johnson, a leader in political tech, physically and verbally abused them.
Why did this weird little ode to white supremacy rear its ugly head in New York?
Mayor Nick Isgro told the Parkland survivor to \eat it\ in a since-deleted tweet.
The issue is especially relevant now, as record numbers of candidates, especially women, rush to compete in the 2018 midterm elections.
Some activists worry liberals aren\u2019t doing enough to rally older voters.
David Bernhardt met with lobbyists for MGM Resorts who oppose a tribal casino. Interior has now balked at approving that casino.
But some educators feel it doesn't steer enough money to classrooms and want to press on.
Republican Kevin Nicholson also said defending the Constitution is a \conservative value.\
Americans need to rethink war and look honestly at ourselves and our friends.
The county mayor says no votes were changed, but a cybersecurity expert says that's a premature assumption.
That clears it up.
\I know that this body is not well served by a protracted fight over such an important post,\u201d the House speaker said.
Trump pledged during his campaign to repopulate the prison, saying he wanted to \u201cto load it up with some bad dudes.\u201d
He said lawyer Michael Cohen was paid a monthly retainer \from which he entered into, through reimbursement, a private contract\ with the porn star.
\u201cIt's not just baggage. It's funky baggage. What Democrat is friendly with Assad?\u201d one elected official said.
\Did you spend your days praying Mueller goes away and that Giuliani shuts his face?\ one person asked the president.
The RNC and other Republican committees and candidates have spent nearly $2 million of their donors\u2019 money so far at hotels and resorts that enrich Trump personally.
It could be time to start talking seriously about nationalizing and decommissioning fossil fuel companies.
Taylor Dumpson, an African-American, says the neo-Nazi publisher directed his readers to harass her.
Georgia state Sen. Michael Williams, a candidate for governor there, said left-wing social engineering would have led to a U.S. defeat during World War II.
Yes, it was the Russia investigation.
Anthony Brindisi, a moderate Democrat, is hoping to oust a GOP bomb thrower in New York\u2019s Trump country.
But next year is a different story.
Trump's attorney says the $130,000 payment didn't violate campaign finance laws. Kellyanne Conway's husband seems to suggest otherwise.
\u201cI said ... I want you to know what I teach my students is about respect and empathy, and that\u2019s how we as adults need to model those behaviors.\u201d
U.S. officials told NBC News that Cohen was actually being monitored via pen register.
\Back in the day when a comedian was a welcome intrusion in Washington.\
The White House press secretary shot down the comedian's jokes.
Democrats need to refocus on the economic and health care challenges their voters face, the pollster said.
What fresh hell will next week bring?
\u201cIt\u2019s not campaign money; no campaign finance violation,\u201d the former New York City mayor said.
Democrat Abdul El-Sayed has no ties to the Muslim Brotherhood. But he's being asked about the foreign group anyway.
One Twitter user suspects John Bolton's mustache told Ty Cobb's
The lobbyist, Richard Smotkin, was hired by the Moroccan government soon after the trip.
Ximena Barreto remains at the federal agency, but is no longer part of its communications office.
The self-described \America's toughest sheriff\ actually has been convicted of illegally targeting Latinos.
Most in the GOP still say celebrities shouldn't weigh in on politics, a new poll finds.
Sen. Johnny Isakson (R-Ga.) said that some allegations made against Trump's VA secretary nominee were credible.
The political research firm said it has been the subject of \u201cnumerous unfounded accusations.\u201d
A new proposal would actually do something about it.
He's still serving on probation for his election fraud conviction.
The legislation would plow savings into a new training program, among other things.
\u201cI\u2019ve never seen members so angry about something in this House in my 10 years,\ Rep. Gerry Connolly said.
Apparently, Mom wasn't amused.
The state's Supreme Court gave election authorities the green light after a lower court had blocked the law.
\Back soon. Just dictating letter for my doctor touting my X-ray vision, bullet-proof skin and natural immunity to iocane powder.\
In 1984, a Republican celebrity president was under attack by the media elite, and the future deputy attorney general wasn\u2019t going to stand for it.
\u201cThis isn\u2019t some game,\u201d the president's lead attorney said he replied.
\u201cLaws and public opinion are evolving, but past convictions for marijuana-related offenses can still haunt someone.\u201d
Emmet T. Flood is slated to replace Cobb, who has led the White House's interactions with special counsel Robert Mueller's office.
\President Trump\u2019s peace through strength policies are working and bringing peace to the Korean peninsula,\ write the 18 Republicans.
West Virginia's Don Blankenship sees nothing wrong with the ethnic slur because \I'm an American person.\
\I can't believe that I actually need to say this.\
Few noticed, but Congress passed a sweeping overhaul of the nation\u2019s troubled foster care system. Child welfare advocates say it will have a dramatic impact on children and their families.
Electric scooters have received pushback in some cities, but they\u2019ve gotten a warm welcome in the South, where hot weather and often hilly terrain have made it tough for bike-share programs.
Colorado Rep. Doug Lamborn was originally removed for a signature-gathering violation.
Dr. Robert Redfield, who was hired in March, was receiving nearly double what his predecessor earned.
The ad was supposed to help Wisconsin GOP Senate candidate Kevin Nicholson.
Among other happenings, the first fast-food union formed and a U.S. service member died in Afghanistan.
Six other Republican-governed states joined Texas in the suit.
California is leading the 18-state effort challenging the Trump government's claim that Obama-era emission rules are too stringent.
Harold Bornstein said \the raid\ made him feel \u201craped, frightened and sad.\u201d
His former executive secretary accused him of making repeated advances and then banishing her to a do-nothing job when she refused.
People in the caravan have been camping out in Tijuana since Sunday, ignoring President Donald Trump's warnings against attempting entry.
It's a \last-resort option,\ said one of the draft's authors.
\ud83c\udfa4 Don't wanna be an American idiot... \ud83c\udfa4
The tariffs have increased frictions with U.S. trading partners worldwide and have prompted several challenges before the World Trade Organization.
The New York Times obtained a list of possible questions for the president.
GOP House members drafted articles of impeachment against him the day before.
The price Democrats will have to pay for expanding Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act is a work requirement for beneficiaries.
Kemp points a shotgun at a teenager who then professes a \healthy appreciation for the Second Amendment.\
\u201cHe dictated that whole letter. I didn\u2019t write that letter,\ said Trump's personal physician Harold Bornstein.
Teachers say they left the meeting disappointed and frustrated.
A new report documents the degree to which Muslims are internalizing unfavorable stereotypes about their community.
The White House said that's evidence the chief of staff actually treats women really well.
There was a lot of news in April 2018. See what you forgot about.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture says it wants to be a strong partner for rural communities in the grip of the opioid epidemic.
The news comes just days after Jackson withdrew his name from consideration to lead the VA.
The adult film star says one of Trump's tweets has exposed her to \contempt, ridicule... and physical threats of violence.\
It's been speculated that the jokes he told in 2011 spurred Trump to seek the White House.
The Trump administration urged the asylum-seekers not to come.
Activists said they've gathered enough signatures to put health care for up to 62,000 people on this November\u2019s ballot.
The White House chief of staff has denied the allegations, calling them \total BS.\
Thomas Homan had become the face of the White House\u2019s deportation efforts. But his U.S. Senate confirmation stalled.
The current administration has criticized people coming to the border to seek asylum. But it shut down another way some of them could find safety in the U.S.
In a blow to basic Republican beliefs, he suggests increasing government spending.
\This year was an embarrassment to everyone associated with it.\
She characterized Wolf\u2019s zings as \u201cpublicly calling out\u201d the Trump Administration on \u201ctheir lies and attacks on the media.\u201d
To those who lost loved ones at Upper Big Branch, the former coal CEO's Senate run in West Virginia feels like harassment.
Some say the White House Correspondents' Association president's criticism of the comedian failed to recognize what the First Amendment is all about.
Whoops!
Interest in new gun restrictions went up at first. That hasn't necessarily lasted.
The national party agreed to pay $1.65 million for her campaign email list and other resources.
The six-term senator is back home after his latest surgery.
He says his accusers planned to undermine his campaign.
\u201cTester started throwing out things that he\u2019s heard, well I know things about Tester that I could say too,\u201d Trump said. \u201cAnd if I said them, he\u2019d never be elected again.\u201d
A House panel's finding on collusion was \not my understanding of what the facts were before I left the FBI,\ he says.
A comedian told nasty jokes, but the president still sets the standard for crudity here.
Retirement -- and boredom -- seem to be weighing heavily on the House speaker.
The space agency is seeking \commercial partners\ as it drops work on a rover designed to extract resources for a human moon colony.
The American Renaissance conference took over a taxpayer-owned hotel. Protesters wanted the racists inside to know they're not welcome in Tennessee.
The White House mobilized the National Guard, threatened prosecution and likened the asylum-seekers to a national security threat. They\u2019re coming anyway.
Kellyanne Conway was not pleased.
Michael Avenatti can't stay away from CNN's cameras at Saturday's gala in Washington.
Trump made a similar threat in March to push for changes in immigration law that he says would prevent criminals from entering the country.
North America's bid to host the 2026 World Cup could be in even more trouble now.
The president was gloating over a controversial House committee report.
Natalya Veselnitskaya, the attorney at the Trump Tower meeting, worked with the Kremlin's prosecutor general.
Actually, for a lot of people, it's Trump who's tough to watch.
\Not fair, Tester!\
She \can't do anything,\ laments Brigitte Macron.
Shri Thanedar fought an effort to place over 170 dogs and monkeys at his shuttered lab into sanctuaries.
The president, wrestling with sex scandals, may want to keep his controversial-but-pious EPA administrator close.
The letter to Congress contradicts the White House's account of the spousal abuse scandal.
The United States is in the middle of a roiling political and legal debate over the security of our elections and who gets to vote in them.
By Prentiss A. Dantzler, Colorado College/The Conversation In the midst of riots in 1968 after civil rights leader Martin
A Stateline analysis of E-Verify use found that a critical tool for preventing the illegal hiring of undocumented workers hasn\u2019t been used uniformly even in the states that require it.
\I think sometimes when we legislate to help women, we actually aren\u2019t helping them,\ Minn. state Sen. Karin Housley said.
A new lawsuit is trying to block voters from creating an independent redistricting commission.
\u201cI think women are just tired of feeling like we're second class. We\u2019re tired of white men in power telling all of us what to do.\
\u201cWhy should we be supporting these countries when they don\u2019t support us (including at the United Nations)?\
\Either somebody really didn't think this through... or they really did.\
The case will be put on hold for 90 days.
Add this to the EPA administrator's nine other ongoing federal investigations.
Abdul El-Sayed\u2019s team says Republican leaders haven\u2019t done enough to condemn Patrick Colbeck\u2019s statements.
Making the fed an instrument for disaster
Patrick Conroy was forced out of his job after praying for no \u201cwinners and losers\u201d under the GOP tax law.
A lower court said the law was still discriminatory.
Meehan said earlier this year he would not seek re-election following reports of the settlement.
The document, which Democrats say is politically tainted, also repeatedly criticizes Hillary Clinton.
It looks like Trump took his fellow Republicans\u2019 attacks on Obama\u2019s Iran deal literally instead of seriously.
\We are seeing unprecedented progress toward peace, and it\u2019s a direct result of President Trump\u2019s strong leadership,\ said Rep. Luke Messer (R-Ind.).
Several Asian-American legislators consider the decision a huge victory.
\u201cHe always gave her a present too.\
Many aimed to seek asylum, defying Trump's call to keep them out.
The CIA director secretly met with the North Korean leader this month.
The bill might push more people off benefits than previously thought.
The state follows West Virginia, Kentucky and Oklahoma with a massive school shutdown over education funding.
Florida is just one of four states that permanently disenfranchises people who commit a felony.
America has a new top diplomat who is backtracking on his hawkish positions.
Two minority women got sent to prison for years. A white official got probation.
After a marathon day of House hearings, the EPA administrator was hit with a new complaint from California and 15 other areas.
But the attorney general\u2019s plans come at a cost.
It asks about immigration, Pakistan and trade.
The confirmation comes ahead of a visit to the U.S. by German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
\What I hope they'll do is ask themselves, Republicans
The president may have shot himself in the foot by telling \u201cFox & Friends\u201d that Cohen only performed a tiny bit of his legal work.
Flight records uncovered this week show Trump\u2019s plane was in Moscow for more than 24 hours the weekend of a Miss Universe pageant.
The secretary of state nominee continued to deny his foreign entanglements in response to a question submitted by a senator.
Republicans and Democrats just rebuked Trump's efforts to oust the man investigating his campaign's Russia ties.
A third of the states allow community colleges to grant some bachelor\u2019s degrees \u2014 and more are coming.
The EPA administrator blamed the media, even as he finally admitted his role in approving fat raises for aides.
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke appointed Bryan Rice to lead the bureau in October.
\u201cIf you\u2019re innocent, why are you taking the Fifth Amendment?\u201d the president said two years ago of his political opponents.
\u201cIt would be unfair to simply call Mike Pompeo a raging Islamophobe, because he\u2019s also a raging homophobe.\
Democrats say the speaker was peeved with Patrick Conroy for praying about no \winners and losers\ under the tax bill.
The Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee has been investigating allegations about the physician's work performance and conduct.
Buckle up.
The HUD secretary also wants stricter work requirements for people living in subsidized housing.
\You know I'm very busy to be running out looking for presents, OK?\
The conservative social media duo said they weren't paid by the president's campaign... but campaign filings indicate otherwise.
\I can\u2019t remember, but I feel like someone else once united the far right parties of Italy and Germany and then invaded France with their ideas.\
Samuel L. Jackson and Jordan Peele also chimed in.
Looking at you, Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski.
Shri Thanedar owned a New Jersey lab where the animals were used in tests.
The 93-year-old is expected to remain in a regular hospital room for the next several days as he recovers.
\We understand this sort of thing happens,\ Australia's foreign minister said.
The state of Hawaii, which argues that the travel ban is discriminatory and in violation of immigration law, is the lead challenger in the case.
Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Anthony Kennedy indicated an unwillingness to second-guess the justifications offered for the policy.
Some people care more about job growth than the survival of future generations, he said.
Good plan, guys.
Rural counties had 750,000 fewer jobs in 2017 than they did in 2008. That\u2019s a drop of 3.5 percent over the nine-year period.
The state Senate voted for the legislation that still needs to be approved in the state House.
The coal baron, whose fianc\u00e9e is reportedly Chinese, suggested McConnell has conflicts of interest.
But Greg Abbott wants the disgraced former congressman's money to go to Texas, not the U.S. Treasury.
Nakasone replaces Admiral Mike Rogers, who is retiring after nearly four years in the \u201cdual-hat\u201d position leading the NSA and the military\u2019s cyber warfare division.
Those judged to be criminally insane often receive better mental health treatment than practically anybody else \u2014 including people who have never committed a crime.
But the GOP had to spend over $1.2 million to keep control of the once-safe seat.
The bill claims porn use increases the \likelihood that individuals will engage in group intercourse,\u201d among other things.
Mick Mulvaney has been criticized for his cozy ties to the financial industry.
\u201cBeing a New Yorker, I don\u2019t have any interest in watching the eclipse,\ he previously said.
Dr. Ronny Jackson's nomination to be the next head of Veterans Affairs is in serious jeopardy.
The embattled administrator has created a \frightening environment\ where workers are afraid to speak the truth, an 18-year employee of the agency said.
\This person should be the last one to argue the merits of a #MuslimBan,\ one commenter wrote.
The annual World Press Freedom Index warns the president's \u201cviolent anti-press rhetoric\u201d is having dangerous effects, in the U.S. and abroad.
The decision may pave the way for new applications to the Obama-era program.
The idea would provide a low-cost alternative to payday loans -- and it might just save the Postal Service, too.
\u201cI love making racist jokes,\u201d tweeted the woman who replaced the person who wrote, \u201cI HATE BLACK PEOPLE.\u201d
The embattled Veteran Affairs nominee will fight allegations of past unprofessional conduct, a White House official said.
A proposal by Sen. Bernie Sanders hasn't yet caught on with party leaders.
Trump called the allegations against Jackson \abuse.\
\Apparently Macron didn\u2019t realize that Trump hates all things nature, including trees.\
Illinois took away the suspect's guns after he was deemed a risk. His father gave them back.
The postponement appears to be related to questions about qualifications and past conduct.
The regulation, ironically drafted in secret, comes as Republican support for the embattled administrator wanes.
Agencies including Customs and Border Patrol instigated 35 percent of anti-Muslim incidents recorded in 2017.
At the same time, the Department of Education is considering scrapping the guidance that's designed to help protect these students.
The measures include a bump stock ban and at least $5 million for programs to stem gun violence.
The French president chuckled awkwardly during the bizarre moment.
The president insisted he didn't spend a night in Moscow. Records show he did.
Democrat Hiral Tipirneni's race against Republican Debbie Lesko has been surprisingly close.
Well, that didn't seem to go as planned.
The company says it's following the law. The ACLU says it's consenting to warrantless searches it could refuse.
\u201cThis is potentially a gold mine of intelligence,\ James Clapper said.
Rep. Martha McSally (R-Ariz.) says her track coach pressured her to have sex with him. He denies the accusation.
Travis Reinking's guns were taken away after he tried to meet with the president, but his dad apparently got them back for him.
Lobbyist claimed he hadn't talked to EPA chief for \many months.\
The Kansas secretary of state claimed the contempt finding by a federal judge was \ridiculous.\
The CIA director received a favorable endorsement from the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
The new national security adviser names as his deputy a foe of Defense Secretary Jim Mattis.
Although some consumers say they want eggs from happy chickens, their buying habits indicate they want eggs that are cheap. Now some states are taking sides.
The Colorado Supreme Court ruling means the congressman can\u2019t run for re-election, at least as a Republican.
As the New York governor scrambles to fend off a primary challenger, will he finally back state lawmakers trying to pass the nation\u2019s most ambitious climate bill?
About two-thirds of unregistered and \unlikely\ voters said politics are too corrupt to merit attention.
\America made a commitment.\
Americans' personal experiences in stores and restaurants also show signs of a racial divide.
The Fox News host defended his choice not to disclose his investments, despite covering the HUD secretary on his show.
Ivana called the news of her son's alleged affair \u201cdistressing because I\u2019ve been there.\u201d
Saying he has worked with Marsha Blackburn \for some time,\ he adds, \And I don't know what else to say.\
Romney fell short of getting the nod at the state's Republican Convention.
He used Barbara Bush's funeral as an opportunity to plug his golf resort.
President Donald Trump set a May 12 deadline to decide what to do on the nuclear agreement.
What a photo.
Republicans are busy bringing back junk plans, pre-existing condition exclusions and higher costs for the sick.
Maggie Haberman believes Trump is too intimidated by Roger Stone to talk about him that way.
The president's dubious logic on conservation is being called out on Twitter.
They're backing a bill to undermine the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
Johnson, the first black heavyweight champion, was arrested for driving his girlfriend across state lines.
They cited a state law from the 1950s that was initially intended to go after hooded KKK members.
The White House counselor doesn't take kindly to the questioning from CNN's Dana Bash.
\Sorry, I don\u2019t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!\
\He has been doing this forever,\ the author said of Trump's habit of lying.
Tweets
\To debunk science and walk away from it is ridiculous,\ the former mayor said.
The campaign was launched by the parents of a victim of the Aurora, Colorado, theater massacre.
The former congressman is seeking the Democratic nomination in Ohio's gubernatorial race and recently revealed he accepted $20,000 from a pro-Assad group.
Former President George H.W. Bush wore book socks to honor his late wife's devotion to literacy.
Congressional candidate John Heenan says the local news giant is abusing its power and taking advantage of journalists.
Going after a GOP \culture of corruption\ worked then. Will it work now?
The high-rise with the stunning views of Central Park has become a money trap for some residents. For one man, it became a fire trap, too.
Friday's walkout was somewhat smaller than a similar walkout in March.
We're proud of you, Justin.
In the past few months, hundreds of thousands of young Americans have taken to the streets to demand tighter gun laws.
Indiana now lets DACA recipients apply for professional licenses. \u201cDreamers\u201d have thrived for two years in Nebraska with
Trayon White Sr. once claimed \the Rothschilds\ were \controlling the climate.\
Photos from around the country show students marching on the anniversary of the Columbine High School shooting.
\One of the most humiliating things ever written.\
Violence that killed seven inmates in a South Carolina prison could have been prevented, prison experts say.
Trump was obsessed with finding leakers and protecting his reputation.
The president wanted to stop leaks pouring from the White House.
How much?!?
\Let\u2019s bring back an unpopular character from Season One!\
Dan Day -- a gun-toting Kansan -- felt a \calling from God\ to work with the FBI to prevent militiamen's attack on Muslim refugees.
\He said he was grateful for the conversation, said more nice things about me and how he looks forward to working with me,\ Comey wrote of meeting with Trump.
Price controls are getting a serious look in California.
A bill to overhaul how complaints are handled on Capitol Hill has stalled because some senators don't want to pay out of pocket for misconduct.
Gov. Jerry Brown agreed to send the National Guard to the border, but with caveats. That's not much different from what other states are doing.
The court upheld an injunction  stopping the Justice Department from denying public safety grants to sanctuary cities.
A federal judge said the Kansas secretary of state didn't do what he was ordered to do to make sure people knew they were eligible.
The man who once labeled him \u201cLyin\u2019 Ted\u201d and denigrated his wife\u2019s appearance is now, in Cruz\u2019s words, \u201cdoing what he was elected to do
Lawmakers leaped into action to help Sen. Tammy Duckworth and her new baby. What about the millions of women still waiting for help?
\Donald Trump has issued tougher sanctions on Colin Kaepernick than he has on Russia.\
Top GOP lawmakers have been putting pressure on the DOJ to release the documents.
The governor's battles with other Republican state officials just keep getting worse.
The senator added another historic first to her already impressive record.
He also said he would walk out of a meeting with Kim Jong-Un if it isn't successful.
It looks inappropriate, but Rep. Ron DeSantis may not have broken any rules.
The high school students \are shaking us out of our complacency.\u201d
The senator voted to confirm a NASA administrator he initially opposed.
\u201cWe reiterate that your Administration must provide a legal basis for both the 2017 and 2018 strikes.\u201d
She had her moment this week, but that doesn't excuse the role she plays in the Trump White House.
Cohen is dropping the lawsuits just over a week after being subject to an FBI raid.
Rep. Jim Bridenstine (R-Okla.) will take over control of the space agency after seven-month standoff.
The former prosecutor said he hopes to negotiate an end to the special counsel investigation.
Neil Heslin said he is prepared for a  \knock-down, drag-out fight\ in court.
The president is using the specter of human trafficking to push his U.S.-Mexico border wall.
Greitens has been embroiled in several scandals, including accusations of sexual misconduct.
\u201cI\u2019m unwilling to take no for an answer, I\u2019m gonna make it law by executive order.\
Leaked news of his secret trip to North Korea is increasing pressure on holdouts to support him as secretary of state.
Good news for all you procrastinators.
\u201cHe will file his tax return by the extension deadline.\
Politicians recall the former first lady's influence on American society with fondness.
The former Playboy model will be featured in September's Men's Journal and will publish a series of fitness columns as a part of the settlement.
Family-friendly policies \aren\u2019t just a women\u2019s issue,\ said Sen. Tammy Duckworth. \They are a common-sense economic issue.\
The majority-black city is out $250,000 in funds for its bicentennial.
The former House Speaker went straight to Ryan Zinke upon learning of an effort to display the statue on the National Mall.
But days after he booted the FBI director, Trump said \this Russia thing\ was on his mind.
If the world hadn\u2019t figured out that the president\u2019s words mean almost nothing, this past week made it clear.
The calls for government-run insurance of some kind are getting louder.
The group, a major donor to progressive movements, appears to be the first large U.S. private foundation to unionize.
Senate Foreign Relations Committee chair Bob Corker hopes Europeans agree to tweak the accord ahead of a May 12 deadline that Trump could use to kill it.
\When you care so much that you can't even bother to have the correct year on an official White House statement.\
She plans to donate $130,000 in President Donald Trump and attorney Michael Cohen's names, according to a recent report.
The senator, who wants to boost Social Security, tweeted the rapper's thoughts on FDR.
Democrats are on the offense, while Republicans have largely given up on health care as a campaign issue.
The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations did not mince words.
\A nonexistent man,\ Trump said of the person described by the porn star in a sketch released a day earlier.
Attorneys argued the Trump-backing trio were radicalized by \u201cchaos news,\u201d and wrongfully targeted by the feds for \u201clocker room talk.\u201d
Like self-deportation, but for basic nutritional needs!
She said the Kansas secretary of state had failed to properly inform people they were eligible to vote.
A jury in Kansas this week is deliberating whether three militia members should spend the rest of their lives in prison.
The countries are trying to arrange a summit between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.
She'll wear a sling for several weeks.
Greitens may have unlawfully used a nonprofit's donor list to raise money.
Never forget that polls aren't perfect.
The conservative news outlet said it was \u201cunaware\ of the TV host's \informal relationship\ with Cohen until Monday.
They say the state is making eligible voters jump through unnecessary hoops.
But his emails.
President Trump decided he can use the military any time he sees fit. And Congress is allowing it.
Ryan Zinke oversees the most business-friendly Interior Department in recent memory.
Ginsburg recently filmed a short cameo for an upcoming movie, one of two big screen projects about her  that are premiering this year.
Detainees say they're making between $1 to $8 dollars per day at a CoreCivic detention center.
\u201cThat\u2019s just not a good signal to Moscow or any of our adversaries or allies,\ one senator said.
\u201cThe idea we\u2019re going to roll back the auto standards is absurd,\ the governor said in Washington.
The senator is in stable condition, his office said in a statement.
Trump vilified Muslims the same way Hitler vilified Jews, Nigel Oakes said.
\It was such a minor relationship,\ Hannity said.
In a special election, Democrats see a shot at long-term gains in the red state.
She devoted much of her life to championing causes including literacy and cancer research.
He was about to get some bad news.
The adult film actress says a \thug\ demanded she stay quiet about an alleged affair she had with Trump in 2006.
Suits against the Infowars host keep piling up.
The Dallas Morning News and anti-abortion groups are distancing themselves from Kristen Hatten.
A tale of American hubris
Sure, there are buyback programs, but those often put firearms back on the streets.
The Fox News host never disclosed his conflict of interest when covering the raid.
A campaign to cover 150,000 uninsured people has collected enough signatures to put the question before voters this November.
The president is \not a king, but a citizen.\
The agency spent $43,000 on the phone booth.
The former FBI director also wants Robert Mueller\u2019s investigation to continue.
The White House counselor blasted the former FBI director for not discussing his concerns \under oath.\ But he did last year.
The House speaker is well liked within his party, but most Republicans aren't especially sad to see him go.
\She just freaken admitted that Trump should not have won!\ one Twitter user said.
On the one hand, Congress needs to deal with this. On the other hand, this expands Trump's authority to bomb.
The relationship reportedly started after a meeting with a pop star who was part of \Celebrity Apprentice.\
Jon Lerner withdrew after a behind-the-scenes White House argument hit the headlines.
It was sort of awkward when the big news story on Monday was Smith's colleague.
Trump\u2019s advisers have been claiming that the $130,000 payment to the adult film actress on the eve of the election really had nothing to do with the election.
\I don't think he's medically unfit to be president. I think he's morally unfit to be president.\
The federal judge may appoint a \special master\ to help decide what remains confidential.
A dark money group with ties to Mike Pence ran a campaign-style ad praising the interior secretary for a budget proposal to service national parks.
Trump's re-election campaign spent 20 percent of its 2018 expenditures on legal fees.
Trump's personal lawyer has represented the Fox News host, according to Cohen's lawyers.
The former FBI director mentioned the crowd-size kerfuffle as an example of Trump lying in private as well as in public.
\For the good of the country, the Democrats must take back one or both houses of Congress.\u201d
Trump tweeted Sunday that the former FBI director \always ends up badly and out of whack.\
The retiring House speaker wants to be remembered as the man who ushered in tax reform.
In wake of the Syria strike, an MSNBC panel says the U.S. has a \diplomatic vacuum\ in the region.
The White House press secretary's Saturday tweet featuring the vice president is confusing people on Twitter.
The former first lady will \instead focus on comfort care,\ a spokesman said.
He'll speak from the White House.
U.S. President Donald Trump launched the strikes in response to a deadly chemical attack near Damascus.
\u201cCould not have had a better result,\u201d said President Donald Trump. \u201cMission Accomplished!\u201d
A military response to Assad's latest use of chemical weapons is unlikely to prevent more killing or diminish the influence of Russia and Iran.
Trump\u2019s lawyer is doubling down after McClatchy DC reported the special counsel can prove a big part of the Steele dossier.
People will wonder if the strikes were meant at least partly as a distraction from White House scandals, said Rachel Maddow.
Ximena Barreto has been placed on leave as the agency examines her shocking posts that also targeted Hillary Clinton.
The office and hotel room of Trump's personal attorney were raided on Monday.
\u201cI hope by the time I\u2019m your age, we would have educated our children ... on today\u2019s issues and we wouldn\u2019t have kept them in a bubble.\u201d
The vote against New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo split the influential Working Families Party.
\Clearly a tremendous number of people did not fully appreciate what it was that I was communicating,\ Gov. Matt Bevin (R) said Sunday.
\Transgender people have long been forced to live in silence, or to come out and face the threat of overwhelming discrimination,\u201d the judge wrote.
The strikes, led by the U.S., U.K. and France, targeted three facilities associated with Syria\u2019s chemical weapons program.
While struggling to find stability, homeless queer youth face an additional battle -- one for their own identities.
A third of L.A.'s homeless population are women -- and \once a shelter is full, it\u2019s full.\
Libby was charged in an investigation into who leaked a covert CIA agent's identity to journalists.
Libby was convicted of lying about how he learned of a CIA agent's identity.
For the attentive reader.
Schools will reopen soon after negotiations stall at the state Capitol.
\It was my great honor to fire James Comey!\ the president tweeted Friday.
Democratic senators wonder if the embattled EPA chief is using the email scheme to duck open-records laws.
The former FBI director writes that he assumed Trump would lose and that his wife and daughters voted for Clinton and participated in the Women\u2019s March.
He withdrew from the TPP three days after entering office.
A coalition of advocacy groups has planned rallies in hundreds of cities in the event Trump fires Rod Rosenstein.
Let's see if Trump keeps his word.
Sarah Huckabee Sanders was not talking about Trump.
He was blowing his own horn again.
But history may have already handed us the right one.
Michael Cohen handled the matter on behalf of Elliott Broidy.
What happens when a few volunteer and the rest just watch the American military system dissected.
Ahmed Abdelbasit was condemned over pro-democracy protests in Egypt. His future in the U.S. is now uncertain.
\Lyin' Comey?\ Trump has lied 2,436 times, says CNN host.
\We encourage him in the strongest possible terms to uphold that promise,\ say his former House colleagues.
The order\u2019s language will likely encourage the task force to see if USPS can charge companies like Amazon more for parcel delivery.
\u201cA woman has the right to choose, but apparently, the prosecutor feels I do not,\u201d Michael Bowman told the court.
\Engaging our military in Syria ... without prior congressional authorization would violate the separation of powers,\ said House Republicans and Democrats.
The former ambassador and his wife, former CIA agent Valerie Plame, were at the center of the Libby case. She says Trump's basis for the pardon is \simply false.\
The FBI raided Michael Cohen's offices earlier this week, seizing his computers and phones.
That number includes both digital and hardcover pre-sales.
The actress and activist faces an uphill climb in her left-wing challenge of New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D).
In his first TV interview promoting his new book, the fired FBI director repeatedly said he was stunned by his interactions with Trump.
Ted Osius revealed why he quit in October
Thomas Homan is unlike anyone who has run Immigration and Customs Enforcement before. What happens when you put a cop in charge of deporting people?
\Could be very soon or not so soon at all!\
The United States is offering a $20 million dollar reward for Rafael Caro Quintero's arrest. But getting him extradited may be complicated.
This article originally appeared at TomDispatch.com. To receive TomDispatch in your inbox three times a week, click here
The retiring House speaker dodged a chance to say what he really thinks about the president.
Rep. Ann Wagner, a Republican, joins a chorus of Missouri politicians speaking out against the governor in light of allegations of sexual misconduct.
Andrew Wheeler would automatically take over the EPA if embattled Administrator Scott Pruitt leaves.
Grassroots enthusiasm could have long-lasting implications in the red states where teachers are revolting.
Redacted records for four White House offices will be made public after Public Citizen sued for them.
They say cleanliness is next to godliness, but we're talking about Trump here.
More National Security Council personnel changes are expected following John Bolton's appointment as its leader.
The Republican-dominated board embraced ethnic studies after a five-year campaign by educators and activists.
This is already getting weird.
Republicans are pushing for some food stamp applicants to pass drug tests.
\This was the Big Bang of Silicon Valley politics.\
Cory Booker grilled the CIA director about his views on gays and Muslims.
Correspondent Ren\u00e9 Marsh had asked several questions about Zinke's travel \u2014 now the focus of two investigations.
It's going to be an interesting seven months.
Kevin Chmielewski, the EPA\u2019s deputy chief of staff until he was removed for raising alarm over Pruitt\u2019s spending, spoke to five Democrats investigating the EPA chief.
Activist Amanda Werner steals the spotlight from Trump appointee Mick Mulvaney.
They say he can do that because of a 2001 authorization for use of military force. That\u2019s questionable if not false.
Comey also has snarky comments about the president's hair.
Look who suddenly cares about budget deficits!
The executive order puts poor communities and people of color particularly at risk.
And this time, they already have one.
Workers shouldn't have to rely on a surprise bonus from a corporate tax cut to get by.
Mike Pompeo is running away from his past statements on Iran, North Korea and Muslims.
The Border Patrol officers insisted the disoriented man was not in their custody, despite the handcuffs.
\u201cThere\u2019s no way I would let people pee on each other around me. No way,\u201d Trump allegedly told Comey.
The measures include new age restrictions, enhanced background check requirements and a ban on bump stocks and high-capacity magazines.
The lack of a federal criminal statute outlawing domestic terrorism \causes confusion and frustration,\ according to an FBI special agent.
Experts, however, say only Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein has the power to remove Mueller.
A state House report says that the hairdresser accused Eric Greitens of coercing her into oral sex and slapping her.
...but he did beat Obama in Russia.
President Donald Trump nominated Wendy Vitter to be a federal judge in the Eastern District of Louisiana.
The president said Ryan \will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question.\
Fifty years ago, civil rights advocates hoped the passing of the Fair Housing Act would finally end racial segregation. It hasn\u2019t.
Hamby\u2019s research was conducted before the 2016 elections, so she does not know how her subjects feel about their choices
The senator then urged the Facebook CEO to \u201cgo back home and rewrite it.\u201d
California will add additional National Guard troops, but they won't be used to enforce federal immigration efforts.
The Senate Judiciary Committee chairman wants more safeguards against President Donald Trump firing Robert Mueller.
Ryan Zinke credited Scott when he took Florida waters \u201coff the table\u201d for offshore drilling. The move has proven to be a legal and political headache.
She recently became the first woman to give birth while in the Senate.
Three Kansas men on trial in a domestic terrorism case are trying out arguments that wouldn't fly in other terrorism cases.
The president also reportedly has weighed firing special counsel Robert Mueller.
\It\u2019s none of the government\u2019s business why a woman is getting an abortion,\ said state Rep. Athena Salman (D).
Far fewer have been paying much attention to Sinclair Broadcast Group, the nation's biggest owner of local TV stations.
A U.S. ally reportedly electrocuted prisoners and packed them into metal containers. Pompeo kept working with that nation.
\Get ready Russia, because they will be coming, nice and new and 'smart!'\
Zuckerberg reportedly spent weeks preparing to speak with lawmakers.
The candidate with the most money in the Wisconsin congressional race is now Democrat Randy Bryce. \ud83d\udc40
The order is more about messaging than policy in the short term.
He could have stood up to Trump. He didn't. Not really at least.
Some lawmakers say tweets don't warrant Pruitt's 20-person security detail.
Trump just gave away his own plans for Syria.
\We have to stop putting people of color in jail for something that white people do with impunity,\u201d said Nixon, who's running for governor of New York.
The governor has been accused of sexual misconduct and blackmail involving a hairdresser.
And why did they come up so much at Mark Zuckerberg's congressional hearings? Read on.
He hasn't succeeded, for the most part, but he's cemented the GOP's identity.
\We\u2019re not messing around here.\
\Mr. Trump now has real reason to be afraid.\
The House speaker will complete his current term in Congress.
But don't you dare call it a monopoly!
A Gallup poll from October shows that 64 percent of Americans favor making marijuana legal.
The president's attorney has been linked to some of the most notorious owners in the industry.
Can sleep file an antitrust suit?
Wendy Vitter refused to tell senators if she still agrees with a speech she gave at a 2013 anti-abortion rally.
Bankers find the head of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency \refreshing.\
Sen. Patty Murray noted that lawmakers haven't passed an anti-harassment bill targeting Capitol Hill.
A combined 43 million people owe more than $1.3 trillion in student loans. About 4.6 million of them were in default at the end of last year.
The lawsuit claims that the woman was raped by three MSU basketball players.
The gold bug is going around.
Half of the public doesn't have an opinion on the embattled EPA administrator.
A herd of Zuckerbergs.
Democracy dies on vacation.
John Bolton reportedly wanted him out.
On Equal Pay Day, the congresswoman spoke with HuffPost about inequality in the workplace.
Bob Murray, who has heavily influenced the Trump administration's energy stances, said climate change is only an issue of \political correctness.\
\u201cI think the less the president says about this whole thing, the better off he will be,\ Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley said Tuesday.
Doing so should be \based on the security circumstances, not your dinner schedule,\ said Sen. Brian Schatz.
In a chaotic administration, this week could be one for the books \u2013 and it\u2019s not even half done
The probe is part of a larger inquiry into Trump's 2016 presidential campaign.
Experts are pushing back on Trump's claim about the legal privilege.
Zuckerberg met with lawmakers Monday, ahead of his hearings.
\We\u2019ve been advised that the president certainly has the power to make that decision,\u201d White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Tuesday.
Yes, there were a lot of \The Social Network\ references.
The Trump Organization used the presidency to pressure a foreign head of state, critics say.
\u201cMy client and I will fully cooperate with any search for the truth,\u201d Daniels\u2019 lawyer tweeted.
It\u2019s a modern-day swords-to-plowshares movement focused on healing the victims of gun violence.
\Ummm ... there's this thing called the President's Council of Fitness, Sport and Nutrition,\ said Lt. Gen. Mark Hertling.
The Facebook CEO equivocated on enacting the same laws in the U.S.
Trump has long been frustrated with Rosenstein, the No. 2 at the Department of Justice.
Vice President Mike Pence will attend in his place, the White House said.
Michael Anton is leaving after serving under Trump for more than a year.
The term-limited governor was widely expected to announce a run against incumbent Sen. Bill Nelson (D).
\u201cThe success of our government depends on maintaining the trust of the people we serve,\u201d David Apol wrote.
But the Democrat wants to wait for the conclusion of the Russia probe first.
Four states are trying to calm roiling health insurance markets by creating state reinsurance pools \u2013 even as actions by Congress and the Trump administration continue to create uncertainty.
The Iraq War veteran welcomed her second daughter, Maile Pearl, on Monday.
The CBO said the deficit will grow to $804 billion in fiscal 2018, which ends on Sept. 30, up from $665 billion in fiscal 2017.
\u201cPresident Trump, I\u2019m speaking to you directly,\u201d Bassam Rifai said during an interview on Fox News.
A top National Security Council staffer may have been the first to go in an effort to plug leaks there.
A super PAC tied to Diane Hendricks is out with an ad supporting state Sen. Leah Vukmir (R).
Republican and Democratic lawmakers say the president must go through them before taking any military action.
The Democratic senator says the EPA chief has been \good for West Virginia.\
The president tweets about Fox News so much that those on the network often talk to him directly.
\I want to get out,\ Trump said last week.
\u201cA TOTAL WITCH HUNT!!!\u201d
The U.S. has resettled only 44 Syrian refugees since October.
The president has claimed that millions voted illegally, but even his commission on voter fraud couldn't prove this.
If confirmed in a vote expected this week, Andrew Wheeler will be next in line to take over if embattled EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt departs.
Sources tell The Atlantic that an email from one of Pruitt's aides contradicts his claims.
\u201cWell, I think it\u2019s a disgrace what\u2019s going on,\ he said. \We\u2019ll see what happens.\
Cohen's lawyer called the search \completely inappropriate and unnecessary.\
One supposed threat was a postcard calling Pruitt \ignorant.\
\u201cWe thought our country had changed. In fact, it didn\u2019t,\ said the 79-year-old Buchenwald survivor to Newsweek.
More Republicans are departing \than any year since at least 1952,\ according to an elections observer.
City and state officials said they received little advance warning of the decision.
\The Republicans are in deep trouble.\
The site calls Democrat Josh Butner a \Republican spoiler\ and ties his father to the KKK without evidence.
Russia could be storing some of the harvested data, too, said Christopher Wylie, who helped found the political research firm.
That should help the surging \Dem wave,\ the California Democrat quipped.
Peter Navarro echoed Trump's tweet claiming that the major newspaper is \more fiction than fact.\
He also criticized Obama for not ending Syria's violent conflict \long ago.\
\u201cStop acting like a chucklehead,\ Sen. John Kennedy (R-La.) said.
The costs included hotel rooms and car service for a Secret Service detail, according to CBS.
Walkouts nearly 30 years ago spurred investment and optimism in education, but anti-tax ideology eventually won out. Now kids are paying the price.
Is TrumpStore.com the real \no tax\ company?
Republicans have other options, but they keep refusing to try them.
The Boston Globe gets head-spinning deportations, unfunded wall and trade war right.
He's a \bad hombre,\ says animal rights organization.
Its slogan reads \Can't Build A Wall If Your Hands Are Too Small.\
The vote, expected Monday, could put Andrew Wheeler in line to take over the agency if embattled chief Scott Pruitt exits.
The event's host, comedian Michelle Wolf, has ribbed the press secretary over Trump's impending no-show.
The outlook is rosy despite Donald Trump\u2019s rise in the polls.
The feds\u2019 seizure of the site relates to a sealed indictment alleging conspiracy to facilitate prostitution.
Dictators point to \Trump\u2019s own words to justify their repressive actions,\ the former secretary of state writes.
A copy of the document shows energy lobbyist Steven Hart's name was originally listed as the EPA chief's landlord.
In January, Ryan Zinke took Florida's coastal waters off the table. They appear to be back on.
Bitcoin enthusiasts envision a world in which the entire economy runs on blockchain technology, allowing people to buy their
24 people and 14 groups were targeted.
The report adds to a growing mountain of ethical issues dogging Pruitt\u2019s tenure.
A former top CIA official who served as the agency\u2019s station chief in Moscow is sharply criticizing his former boss, John
\This is a tragedy,\ Steve Schmidt says on MSNBC.
The whistleblower who exposed elevated blood lead levels in Flint children says the decision is premature.
A new proposal appears to cut protections for threatened animals.
Also on Friday, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis authorized the deployment of 4,000 National Guard troops to the border.
\We are just students who want to be safe in our schools,\ said a 17-year-old organizer of one of the forums.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau head slammed his own agency as \far too powerful\ earlier this week.
People were skeptical. Very skeptical.
A coalition of activists sent letters to hundreds of school districts warning them against a particular school bus operator.
But the hat is not receiving warm reviews.
He used $84,000 in taxpayer money to settle a sexual harassment lawsuit after he allegedly told his former communications director about his \wet dreams.\
The former senator was an advocate for veterans and Native Hawaiians.
Steve Pearce, who is running for governor in New Mexico, argues poor states can't handle legal marijuana.
\u201cIt\u2019s a rare win-win-win.\u201d
The number is a new record.
\You better speak up, because this guy is taking you to nowhere.\
White House Chief of Staff John Kelly has been urging the president to oust the EPA administrator.
\For the eight years Barack was president, it was like having the \u2018good parent\u2019 at home.\
It's the result of major efforts in the state to increase youth civic engagement.
The group included refugees who had been in the U.S. for decades.
Gun issues are also drawing substantial attention.
Recent polls show that majorities say they are not seeing higher paychecks from the new law.
Only two states, Maine and Vermont, have no restrictions on voting rights for felons. In the rest, it\u2019s complicated.
\u201cI\u2019m deeply troubled by Trump\u2019s plan to militarize our border,\u201d Gov. Kate Brown said.
Is that a yes or a no?
\u201cThey always like to say
The report comes as the EPA chief faces mounting pressure to step down.
\u201cEvaluating those questions would have required factual information that was not before us.\
Danny Tarkanian said Armenians could have repelled the Turks with guns, even though they had already been persecuted for years.
Trump's lawyer Michael Cohen paid the former adult film star $130,000 in 2016.
The president quickly derailed a tax roundtable by riffing on many of his favorite fake or exaggerated ideas.
Has the president\u2019s son ever contemplated killing his dad for the money? He once talked about that on the radio!
The network isn't handling the critique very well.
If you live in one of these 11 states, you don't have much time left to get your name on the voter rolls.
\Of course they do.\
Patrick Stein, a Kansas militiaman whom the feds say planned to slaughter Somali refugees, opened up to a man he thought was an arms dealer.
It's a lot deeper than his $50-a-night rental from industry lobbyists.
Twitter troll \u201cRicky Vaughn\u201d had a bigger influence on the 2016 election than NBC News and the Drudge Report. Here's who he really is.
And another, smaller injustice was obscured
States that had voted for Obama and then swung Trump\u2019s way could be hit the hardest.
\u201cWould anyone be surprised?\u201d Rep. Dana Rohrabacher (R-Calif.) guessed amid early news coverage of the shooting.
Troops may be heading to the border as early as Wednesday night, Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen said.
The Pentagon plans for a perpetual three-front \u201cLong War\u201d against China and Russia.
As schools close due to walkouts, kids are standing with teachers to demand more school funding.
New scientific evidence and a recently announced federal investigation may soften prison officials\u2019 long-held opposition to the three FDA-approved addiction medications.
A federal judge ruled in January that Scott has until April 26 to announce a new state plan for restoring voting rights to former felons.
Gov. Mary Fallin also claimed that \antifa\ had joined the protests at the state Capitol.
While he was alive, most white Americans didn't think Martin Luther King Jr. was helping the cause of civil rights.
And they're not stopping there.
\Calm down and think before you spout off on serious issues,\ wrote one commenter.
This is one regulation Pruitt has said should be stronger.
A jail informant scandal has unraveled numerous high-profile cases and threatens to upend still more.
He threatened to kill DACA and wants to send the military to the border.
It\u2019s just another way Donald Trump is making life harder for Republicans.
It involved a dog and German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
The guide encourages company employees to \be transparent\ and \challenge the status quo.\
The special counsel has also told the president's lawyers that Trump is not a criminal target at this point.
Trump is a bad messenger for a reasonable idea.
Juli Briskman claims Akima LLC broke state law when it fired her over a viral photo of her presidential insult.
A new government watchdog report shows how black students and students with disabilities are punished more severely.
It wasn't even close.
DeVos is meeting with proponents and critics of Obama-era guidance intended to stymie the school-to-prison pipeline.
People who tried to register to vote while renewing driver's licenses online had to print out and mail in another form.
Amid pension cuts, the state\u2019s teachers are seeking public office in record numbers. Four more just chose to run.
This could explain why some evangelicals are willing to overlook that Trump is not a choir boy.
The Anti-Defamation League is calling on him to restore \America's moral leadership\ by naming a new envoy.
Jessica Denson says she experienced sexual harassment while working on Trump's 2016 campaign.
Supporters say allowing home delivery of marijuana will reduce drugged driving and help put illegal sellers out of the market, but opponents say it could make it easier for kids to buy drugs.
\We've got your back,\ Trump reportedly said.
They say they won't return to work until lawmakers meet their demands.
The president said he discussed the idea with Defense Secretary Jim Mattis.
Pruitt's spokeswoman denied any link between the approval and the apartment rental.
Immigration judges will have to handle 700 cases a year to avoid an unsatisfactory rating.
Alex van der Zwaan pleaded guilty to lying about communications with an aide to ex-Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort.
Florida gubernatorial candidate Gwen Graham figures the president can't miss her ad calling him \u201can embarrassment.\u201d
The executive order provides $250 million for necessary repairs, upgrades and construction in public housing.
The school board will vote on accepting Dayanna Volitich's resignation next week.
He may not always sound like one, but his actions are in line with the GOP's agenda.
The president has been lashing out about his pet project since he failed to get both Mexico and Congress to pay for it.
Rep. Elise Stefanik (R-NY) and Florida Reps. Carlos Curbelo and Ileana Ros-Lehtinen say Pruitt should leave the agency amid growing controversy over his spending and ties to lobbyists.
The Sinclair Broadcast Group handbook warns employees to have no expectation of privacy in their communications.
Getting responses through the Freedom Of Information Act can be a serious challenge.
The proposed question raised concerns that minority communities would be discouraged from responding, leading to less congressional representation and federal funding.
\You can pick a reporter \u2015 a Baltic reporter, ideally.\
\There really is no name for it.\
Firearms enthusiasts protested a new restriction on high-capacity magazines by giving away 1,200 of the soon-to-be banned devices.
Opening fire should be enforced as the last resort, the bill's supporters say.
Pete Souza can't stop throwing shade at Trump on Instagram.
But most people who get news from the site think it's accurate.
The Republican Party, voters and candidates alike, has long been less accepting of what has become known as \u201cidentity politics
Shulkin says Trump fired him as secretary of veterans affairs. The White House, until Monday, claimed he quit.
Trump proposed the meeting in a phone call on March 20.
This time the fight's over a new state law that limits the sale of federal lands.
\u201cIn the terrible situation in my office, I could have and should have done better,\u201d said Rep. Elizabeth Esty.
Dozens of local news anchors across the country read the same strongly worded script, thanks to Sinclair Broadcasting.
Even former New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, who weathered \Bridgegate,\ wonders how Pruitt will survive the furor over his Capitol Hill rental.
\u201cThe southwest side was ripe for change,\u201d said Jes\u00fas \u201cChuy\u201d Garc\u00eda.
Capping a highway to create a park also can reconnect urban neighborhoods sliced apart by the expressway building boom of the 1960s and \u201970s.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo called for the legislation last year.
One in five Asian-Americans live in hard-to-count census areas due to high rates of poverty, unemployment and educational attainment, among other factors.
The book is expected to present a dramatically different view from Michael Wolff\u2019s \u201cFire and Fury
The real test, they say, will come during the midterm elections in November.
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
The decision could divide automakers and set the Trump administration up for a series of legal battles.
The red state teacher revolt rolls on as Oklahoma teachers head to the state Capitol.
Trump announced Shulkin's departure from his role as Veterans Affairs secretary Wednesday on Twitter.
Trump touted second chances for former prisoners the day before he blasted California Gov. Jerry Brown for giving ex-convicts a ... second chance.
\The Democrats blew it,\u201d Trump said of the program he ended.
Trump also referred to the Washington Post, which is owned by Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos, as a lobbyist organization.
The controversial tweet has since been deleted.
All of these things really happened in March 2018.
#Peace #Love #NotWar
For six months last year, Pruitt rented a Capitol Hill condo at below-market rates from the wife of a prominent energy lobbyist.
These transgender students hoped the Department of Education would help them. Instead, they were rejected.
It's like \u201cappointing an arsonist as the town fire marshal,\ said one conservationist.
The Service Employees International Union says the drop in money suggested by government filings just reflects a change in strategy and structure.
\I never knew it before.\
An arsenal of firearms. More than 1,100 rounds. Fifty-eight dead and more than 800 wounded. Why?
\We connect people. Period.\
Medicaid is crucial for anyone suddenly without income, without savings and in crisis.
\What do you call a woman who sleeps with a man for $10 million?\ Dmitry Peskov said.
Theodore Malloch, the author of a forthcoming pro-Trump book, said he was served with a subpoena this week.
The lobbying firm represented an exporter of liquified natural gas, a fuel specifically touted by Pruitt on his pricey trip to Morocco.
\u201cI want to say in no uncertain terms that I think this is an absolutely awful decision.\
\u201cIf you want to have an arms race, we can do that,\ Trump told the Russian leader, according to NBC News.
She blamed the \overall bitterness\ of American politics for her decision.
For animal lovers and history buffs alike.
Likable Phil Murphy is pushing an aggressively progressive agenda in Christie's old stomping ground.
It was supposed to be an asset come November. Right now, it looks like more of a wash.
Defense lawyers said the Kansas militiamen's rants were just \locker room talk.\ But other militiamen thought they sounded like plans of action.
\u201cWhy would she vote illegally?\ her attorney said. \What benefit does she receive by doing that?\
\u201cIt\u2019s a victory for the guys who don\u2019t care about veterans,\u201d said one veterans advocate.
Wisconsin brokered a deal that gives Foxconn billions in incentives to open a factory in the state. But the deal\u2019s legality
He should be thanking Mitch McConnell. He thinks Obama just mysteriously left him 100+ court vacancies. \ud83e\udd26
\You can see a chicken as a penguin, but it's still a chicken,\ a panelist on CNN quips.
The president slammed Amazon for using the USPS as a \Delivery Boy.\
\All black outfit speaks volumes.\
Public schools in at least 25 counties were closed on Friday, after teachers refused to show up to work in protest of changes to the state's pension system.
This week, the media company announced the former Obama administration official will join its board.
State legislators fast-tracked a pay raise bill to avoid closures, but teachers say it doesn't come close to adequately funding schools.
Experts are skpetical.
Federal prosecutor John Huber will look at issues that Republicans are especially interested in.
It\u2019s an admission rooted in political reality and the congressional calendar.
His tenure as the lone Democrat in Trump's Cabinet wasn\u2019t without scandal.
In 41 states, some counties and cities use election equipment that is more than a decade old. Older machines are more likely to malfunction or break down on Election Day, and are susceptible to wireless malware attacks.
Oklahoma\u2019s teachers rank among the worst paid in the United States.
Three different judges rejected Walker's appeal to hold off on the votes until November.
Activist Laura Loomer harassed relatives of the shooter's widow with questions about jihad and Easter eggs.
Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump have since responded to the comment.
Don't mess with Duckworth.
He can't handle the truth.
FEMA removed all reference to climate change from its planning document earlier this month.
Donations skyrocketed as the gun group issued frothy warnings of the \freedom-hating left.\
The Parkland students have a lot of work ahead to deliver on the vision they laid out on Saturday. Other activists have advice for how they can get it done.
An attorney for Michael Cohen insists there\u2019s \u201canother side\u201d to vicious messages sent by the notorious Trump defender.
Zuckerberg doesn\u2019t seem so nice after all, she says. \u201cNot that I\u2019d be upset if you married him.\u201d
Dan Day took the stand Wednesday in the trial of three militia members accused of plotting to massacre Muslims in Kansas.
Instead, pregnant women will be released from immigrant detention only on a case-by-case basis.
\Does Donald Trump genuinely think he is supposed to eliminate someone each week?\
Torture apologists cite the military's use of waterboarding trainees in defense of Gina Haspel, Trump's nominee for CIA director. One problem
Census experts are skeptical of the reasons given for adding the question on the 2020 form.
The Fox News contributor is being mocked for stuffing a gun into her yoga pants.
It's the North Korean leader's first official foreign visit
The nine lawmakers asked for \a written and public commitment\ that DOJ officials wouldn't interfere with Mueller's probe.
Three unnamed sources told The New York Times that John Dowd discussed presidential pardons for the former advisers.
The number of bookmobiles in the United States has fallen since 1995, from nearly 1,000 to fewer than 650. But in rural areas, librarians say their services remain vital.
Many top-tier lawyers are shying away from representing Trump in Mueller's Russia probe.
After a trek of 50-plus miles, they're challenging young people around the country to take up the charge.
The District of Columbia and the state of Maryland filed the lawsuit last June.
DACA recipients need to justify their right to remain in the United States, he said.
\u201cA fair and accurate count of all people in America is one of the federal government\u2019s most solemn constitutional obligations.\
\You walked out of a football game because of football players peacefully protesting inequality.\
Caroline Sunshine starred on the show \Shake It Up.\
The former president let loose when he boogied with the bride.
Is President Trump to blame?
Conservative lawmaker gets called out on Twitter.
Shulkin was the subject of an investigation over ethics violations involving a trip to Europe.
Jurors in the Kansas militia trial have been primed to believe the FBI is biased against conservatives.
\Prior appearances on Fox News a huge plus.\
Retiring lawmaker has some harsh words for the \character counts\ crowd.
\We need to return to a long-held value of compassion.\
\u201cI shouldn\u2019t have said what I said.\u201d
The special counsel spells out a link between Trump\u2019s campaign and Russian military intelligence in a new court filing.
The bipartisan group says it's \unacceptable\ that the Senate has failed to fix sexual harassment policies involving lawmakers and staffers.
The justices voiced skepticism about a novel legal theory that challenges partisan gerrymanders on First Amendment grounds.
The Asian-American population in the South has grown by 69 percent in 10 years, and now has the power to influence elections, schools and culture.
Point 5
The controversial question may cost some GOP-led states seats in Congress and electoral votes in presidential elections.
Americans remain split over whether the use of torture is ever acceptable.
Finance companies loaned Jared Kushner's family business more than $500 million after meeting with the senior White House adviser.
Facebook's offer to send a different senior executive was blasted as \u201cabsolutely astonishing\u201d by one Parliament official.
It could suppress participation.
Ryan's spokeswoman denied the claim, saying \the speaker is not resigning.\
Ed Butowsky helped push baseless conspiracy theories around the slain DNC staffer and his brother, two separate lawsuits claim.
Supporters of Bears Ears see Trump\u2019s rollback of protected land as \u201ctragic.\u201d Others say it didn\u2019t go far enough.
\u201cIt is difficult for one to maintain one\u2019s appearance of being an ethical lawyer while trying to represent Donald Trump,\ a legal expert said.
\This is turmoil, it\u2019s chaos, it\u2019s confusion, it\u2019s not good for anything,\ said attorney Ted Olson.
\That simple but dramatic action would move Saturday\u2019s marchers closer to their objective than any other possible reform,\ he wrote in a New York Times op-ed.
Almost 1 million people could lose benefits by 2028 under the plan, Democrats say.
The Facebook CEO's decision follows a number of requests by lawmakers in both the U.S. and the U.K.
\That was brief.\
This week the justices will consider a Republican challenge to a Maryland district redrawn to boost Democratic odds.
States with large immigrant populations stand to lose seats in Congress, federal funding and electoral college votes.
Christina Hartman previously ran in an adjacent district.
Civil rights groups say the question is untested and could depress response rates among minorities.
Hold the Texas Republican accountable to \the high standards our office demands,\ says Rep. Jackie Speier.
Lindsey Port accused another man of harassment. But fellow Democrats say she \softened the ground\ for Franken's resignation.
The administration says it's following through with a promise to outlaw the devices, but it's unclear exactly how \u2015 or if \u2015 that's going to play out.
\u201cIts dirty little secret was that there was no one American involved in it,\ a former employee told The Washington Post.
At least 11 states have enacted laws that provide a legal remedy for relatives who have been prevented from seeing infirm or disabled family members.
The four-day trek is inspired by the MLK-led civil rights march from Selma, Alabama, to Montgomery in 1965.
Trump 'knows I'm telling the truth'
Congressman Ryan Costello called the announcement the \most difficult decision I can recall having to make.\
The president has brokered an informal alliance of autocrats and financiers worldwide against the U.N. and human rights more generally.
Zinke has said repeatedly that he doesn't care about diversity, three unnamed Interior Department officials reportedly told CNN.
The former president has defended Trump in the past.
Daniels filed a suit on Monday, claiming that Cohen meant to convey that the porn star \is a liar, someone who should not be trusted.\
\A real leader\ would have met with protesters instead of weekending in Florida, the San Antonio Spurs coach said.
The Missouri senator, who is seeking re-election in November, urged Clinton to \show respect to every American voter.\
GOP fundraiser Elliott Broidy says Qatar leaked his emails to reporters in retaliation for his criticism of the Qatari government.
Felix Garcia wants to stay in the U.S. at least until his daughter finishes medical school.
The first lady is spending spring break in Florida.
The order reflects concerns that Russian intelligence activities have been increasingly aggressive.
The probe was sparked by revelations that Cambridge Analytica misused Facebook user data.
Ex-Playboy playmate Karen McDougal claims Trump said the same thing to her when they had an affair in 2006.
Trump\u2019s legal team seems to be stepping into every legal trap Stormy Daniels and Michael Avenatti are laying for it.
During Chad McIntosh's time as a Ford environmental exec, seeping chemicals contaminated groundwater near a company plant.
George Conway has been criticizing Trump all month.
RIOT, a group Mark Anthony Conditt attended, was mischaracterized as a radical Christian camp, a local parent says.
The former U.S. senator said students should stop \looking to someone else to solve their problem.\
\u201cNo student should have to tell their teacher, \u2018My school was just shot up. Please understand my absence.\u2019\u201d
The senior Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee is calling on Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify before Congress.
\Fox News Sunday\ host Chris Wallace had to inform the Treasury secretary that Congress couldn't easily do what the president demanded.
The president tweeted several times Saturday, but none addressed the massive nationwide protest against gun violence.
\I can confirm that performing CPR can\u2019t remove AR-15 bullets from a body. Get a clue.\
Josh Kushner, who reportedly donated $50,000 to the student-led protest march, was spotted at the rally in D.C.
The guy makes it too easy sometimes.
Two lawyers who were slated to join his legal team -- including Joe diGenova -- have now bowed out.
Trump \knows I'm telling the truth,\ Daniels said.
\Gun-hating billionaires and Hollywood elites are manipulating and exploiting children,\ the gun group said of the Saturday march.
Rubio made sure the students knew that some Americans view them as a threat to the Second Amendment.
\u201cI\u2019ve gone to school to provide children with a great education and to give them love ... not to have a gun.\
Rally coverage from student journalists at D.C.'s Woodrow Wilson High School.
Thousands of young people across the country are speaking out.
The February school shooting in Parkland, Florida, has galvanized thousands of teenagers to speak out about gun control.
Edna Lizbeth Chavez also spoke passionately about why more guns in schools is not the answer.
\One of my best friends was killed in gun violence right around here, so it\u2019s important to me.\u201d
The teen standing still in utter quiet spoke volumes.
\We stand in solidarity with the survivors of gun violence & students who are calling for action on common sense gun safety laws,\ Kim Kardashian said.
The demonstrators argue that gun regulations undermine children\u2019s safety.
These kids won't settle for anything less than change.
People were in awe of fifth grader Naomi Wadler's speech at Saturday's March For Our Lives.
Read Marjory Stoneman Douglas student Delaney Tarr's speech
The Defense Department will continue to \access and retain transgender individuals,\ due to a court order, despite Trump's ban.
Whoa.
\I\u2019m not gonna sugarcoat this
The social media site emailed users who had interacted with the accounts directly on Friday.
On Saturday, they will be marching against the highly securitized environments that they say exacerbate the school-to-prison pipeline.
So naturally, he'll seek re-election in 2020.
Trump's hypocrisy in light of his appointment of John Bolton as National Security Adviser has not gone unnoticed.
The deal includes more than 6,700 missiles.
With Trump's anticipated signature, Washington will avoid a government shutdown at midnight on Friday when existing funds are set to expire.
Former U.N. Ambassador John Bolton was a loud cheerleader for the 2003 invasion.
The vicious D.C. attack was caught on video as Erdogan sat in a car nearby. Now only 4 guards remain charged.
The announcement comes as hundreds of thousands of Americans are expected to rally nationwide on Saturday for tighter gun laws.
John Bolton's super PAC has paid the political firm more than a million dollars since 2014.
The president had threatened a veto just hours earlier.
Bolton has a long history of supporting military, rather than diplomatic, answers to foreign policy questions.
The guy running it is best known as actor Taye Diggs' tireless social media manager.
They've been trying to have this conversation for eight years.
\We see you.\
But the government contends the Crusaders militiamen were hatching an actual plan to kill Muslim refugees.
The sole African-American on the final jury panel was struck.
The ACLU's efforts to undermine experts who believe voter fraud is a substantial problem will have a lasting legacy.
\u201cI will never sign another bill like this again.\u201d
During a Senate hearing, Warren ripped the secretary for his short and ineffective HUD tenure.
Wisconsin Republicans announce they'll call a special legislative session to avoid special elections.
The shake-up also comes just two weeks after Trump accepted an invitation to meet with Kim Jong Un.
The tech industry's \u2764\ufe0f of darkness.
Trump's new pick for national security adviser is close with some of the most unhinged anti-Muslim groups in America.
States and treatment companies want to offer methadone clinics on wheels to reach more people with opioid addictions in remote and underserved areas. But the federal government is standing in their way.
A taste of what's to come?
Nearly 15 years after a federal judge ordered the biblical laws out of a state building, voters may allow them back.
The attempt to silence the porn actress, as well as ex-Playboy model Karen McDougal, raises some unsexy but vital democratic issues.
Matthew Hunter was the director of political affairs at the controversial data firm -- and now he's a Trump political appointee.
Wray has received immense backlash from Asian-American civil rights organizations for his comments about \the China threat.\
More guns would better protect \mothers, children and families,\ Trump's national security pick said in the 2013 video.
The Nazi hoped to duck justice. A judge said no. Now Anglin\u2019s world is crumbling.
Some of Trump's favorite people explained to him the bill contains almost no money for his long-promised border wall. He grudgingly signed it anyway.
The Parkland shooting survivor wrote an essay for Teen Vogue ahead of the March for Our Lives protest.
As young people around the world rally against gun violence, this should serve as a reminder that the problem affects them far beyond school shootings.
The move cements a stunning Democratic upset in a long-time Republican area that Trump won handily in 2016.
State Rep. Joe Souki had said he merely gave one of his accusers an \aloha kiss\ on the cheek, but an ethics report says he admitted it was more than that.
Trump was responding to Biden's boast that he'd have \beat the hell out of\ the president in high school.
Democrats say they've neutralized the most controversial piece of Trump's \tip pooling\ rule. But critics say the rest of the rule is still bad for workers.
Lawmakers only got the full text of the massive bill a little after 8 p.m. on Wednesday.
A spokesman for Wilbur Ross said he divested last year, but his public filings don't back that up.
Gun rights advocates have for years opposed focusing on firearms as a public health issue.
When \yes\ sounds a lot like \no.\
He claimed the U.S. deficit with Beijing was \u201cout of control.\u201d
\u201cThere\u2019s no doubt that change is in the air,\u201d said one activist.
John Bolton, a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, will replace the general.
He's one of the most controversial figures in foreign policy.
There's no federal criminal statute outlawing domestic terrorism. An organization for FBI agents would like to see that change.
The Housing and Urban Development Secretary eventually said he takes responsibility \even though\ he \wasn't aware\ of any spending limits.
This article originally appeared at TomDispatch.com. To receive TomDispatch in your inbox three times a week, click here
Democrats accused the governor of not calling the elections because he was afraid of losing those seats to their party.
Kelly Rzendzian worked on message planning for the presidential campaign before joining the Commerce Department, she wrote in her resume.
\[Shout out] to America for making my school seem like jail now because legislators don't have common sense gun reform on their agendas.\
It turns out, reading is hard and bills can be really long.
\I'm selling two tickets to the Trump vs Biden fight.\
In the 24 hours leading up to Mark Anthony Conditt's death, Austin was in panic mode.
The measure is intended to curb the use of funds originally designated for reforestation and fire prevention programs.
\u201cThreats of impeachment directed against Justices because of their decision in a particular case are an attack upon an independent judiciary.\
The Facebook CEO finally apologized for the data breach and talked about regulating the company.
\u201cThis is the personalization of a family business dealing with U.S. policy,\ said Barry McCaffrey.
The president\u2019s political advisers believe some of his base will revolt if he can't deliver on his concrete promises.
When they're in power, they spend. When they're out of power, they harp about deficits and debt.
The president's comments came amid revelations that Cambridge Analytica reportedly collected data on 50 million people through Facebook.
Carl Nett later apologized for his \attempt to be clever.\
ACORN disbanded years ago, but Republicans are nevertheless targeting the defunct group in their spending bill.
He once promised to move fast and break things. Now will Congress step in to fix his mess?
David Chavez-Macias is unlikely to find proper treatment for Marfan syndrome in Mexico.
Her advice
It\u2019s the bigger rural counties, those with a town of at least 10,000 people, which have turned the corner fastest.
His resignation comes just days after Trump added former U.S. Attorney Joseph diGenova to his legal team.
One of the most notorious advocates for the Iraq War is set to advise the president on U.S. foreign policy.
The president said Wednesday that $1.6 billion in taxpayer money has been earmarked for his oft-touted border wall.
Spending plan for the rest of this budget year doesn't include any money for Trump's biggest campaign promise.
\I was really sad. It really hurt me, but I went back,\ she tells CNN's Anderson Cooper.
\Maybe this is stupid question but, what f**king coming arms race?\
Jes\u00fas \Chuy\ Garcia, whose election in November is virtually assured, previously lost a mayoral bid against Rahm Emanuel.
He's one of just three anti-abortion Democrats remaining in the House of Representatives.
J.B. Pritzker has a big bank account -- and he's gonna need it.
Environmental groups say the new policy encourages big-game hunters to kill African elephants for \cheap thrills.\
Adults with mental disabilities often lose their right to vote for ambiguous and inconsistent reasons.
New undercover video footage shows a managing director describe how the firm came up with and promoted the campaign.
\u201cI rarely find myself doing anything more enjoyable than fencing a good bout.\u201d
He also refrained from criticizing Russia for meddling in U.S. elections and attacking a former spy with nerve gas.
\u201cI believe we\u2019ve finally reached a tipping point on gun violence.\
Where to send Trump to campaign where he can\u2019t hurt his party -- how about Nice? Or Marseilles?
Rep. Claudia Tenney (R-N.Y.) also claimed that many mass shooters \u201cend up being Democrats.\u201d
If they unite, they could have the power to block Gina Haspel from getting the job. Will they?
Uh-oh.
The former vice president spoke at a University of Miami anti-sexual violence rally on Tuesday.
The GOP congressman was skewered on Twitter for the suggestion.
\u201cWelcome to the world where words have impact.\
\Please tell us why and what you were doing hanging around all those locker rooms, Joe? Taking in the sights?\ the former sheriff tweeted.
States have taken widely varying approaches.
The Massachusetts senator\u2019s new bill would increase consumer subsidies and force insurers to accept tougher rules.
\You always tweet as though you've never met your husband.\
Recent arrests in a Minnesota mosque bombing highlight the threat of America's armed anti-Muslim militias.
Most still think it'd be a good idea, though.
\I think imitation is the most sincere form of flattery.\
Mic obtained a letter written by the former first couple that lauded student survivors for their \resilience, resolve and solidarity.\
Yikes.
The attorney general was accused of lacking \candor\ during congressional testimony.
Of course Trump makes an appearance.
\The Special Council is a unit of the Space Force.\
\u201cThat\u2019s a \u2018D\u2019 or an \u2018F\u2019 if this were a spelling or grammar quiz,\u201d King said.
\There was no sleeping (hehe),\ she tweeted.
Marie Newman might unseat Congressman Dan Lipinski on Tuesday.
\u201cThese investigations need to be undertaken by the proper authorities,\ said one Parliament member.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance is under fire for never filing charges against the disgraced Hollywood mogul, despite evidence pointing to assault.
Sixteen states are considering bans or restrictions on certain fire retardant chemicals used in toys, child car seats, strollers and other children\u2019s and household products.
It seems the U.S. president at least has no hard feelings toward Russia.
The firm's chief data officer will step in as questions linger over data misuse.
The ruling could force Trump to submit to questioning by lawyers for a former \Apprentice\ contestant accusing him of sexual harassment.
The actress criticized Gov. Andrew Cuomo for failing to fix \u201cour broken subway\u201d in an ad announcing her run on Monday.
The law has been deemed the most restrictive abortion ban in the country.
Lawmakers are reportedly scrapping several controversial riders in an effort to pass a massive bill to fund the government.
But it's not just a reproductive rights dispute standing in the way of passage.
Casey Moreland faces multiple charges of embezzlement and obstruction of justice.
His spokesman initially denied that the secretary and his wife were involved in the lavish purchase decision.
The high court will decide whether Christian pregnancy centers have a right to mislead women.
\It's an unconstitutional prohibition on 1st Amendment rights,\ attorney Mark Zaid argues.
Rep. Rosa DeLauro attacked the secretary over her decision, and DeVos struggled to respond.
Karen McDougal says a tabloid publisher, Trump's team and her own lawyer conspired to keep her quiet.
State attorney general is also talking to tenants.
She wasn\u2019t pleased when the Kansas secretary of state said she hadn\u2019t written down the specific steps he had to take.
Democratic Rep. Katherine Clark demanded a 'yes' or 'no' answer from the education secretary.
Psychologists are largely skeptical about the accuracy of polygraphs.
The Kansas militiamen charged in the plot argued that the government shouldn't call them terrorists.
We're watching you, Mark.
10 Democrats aligned with most Republicans to kill the Sanders proposal. But it got more support than expected, and activists say it's given them momentum.
A Republican leading the impeachment drive says it's about separation of powers.
The Vermont senator is using his reach to try to shape a national progressive narrative.
How is it related to President Trump and what does it have to do with Facebook? We\u2019ve got you covered.
\u201cI think he should explain to the American people how this happened,\ a senator said.
The president proposed the death penalty for drug dealers and a new anti-drug ad campaign. Just say no.
A study found female homicide rates fell 17 percent after the site created an \erotic services\ section. So why would Congress add to the risks?
A private Defense Department document shared with HuffPost absolves the U.S. of responsibility for airstrikes the U.N. says have killed thousands.
Cambridge Analytica has denied violating Facebook\u2019s terms.
\I do not believe the president would take such a foolish action,\u201d Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) said.
The agreements forbid senior White House staff members from talking, even after Trump's presidency ends.
Documents claimed no tenants had rent protections, when hundreds did, according to AP.
The decision leaves in place a congressional map issued by the state Supreme Court in February intended to remedy gerrymandering in the commonwealth.
\u201cFor too long we have focused only on certain sources of terrorism and violence while ignoring others,\ the politicians said.
Fewer than a quarter think history will judge the Iraq War as even a partial success.
He declared the opioid crisis a public health emergency in October, but without providing more money to fight the epidemic.
The decision is a big help to Democratic hopes of gaining a U.S. House majority.
Rep. Steve Pearce had a theory about marriage equality leading to health care, which he implied was bad.
The construction field is a hard one to crack, particularly if you\u2019re a woman. California is investing $25 million to get more women into the business.
The chopper, which was on its way to New York City, returned safely to Washington.
\u201cWe don\u2019t need to have a lady teacher in a school that\u2019s got a firearm,\ state Rep. Harry Shiver said.
The senator\u2019s Republican colleagues, however, were not nearly as forceful in their responses to questions on the same topic.
Jared Kushner, you're fired!
Republican lawmakers have insisted that Trump let the special counsel to do his job.
Nixon will be running against incumbent Gov. Andrew Cuomo in the state primary.
He's humiliated a Cabinet official, lied about a congresswoman and lamented the lack of \compromise\ in the Civil War.
\For blowing the whistle. On something they have known privately for 2 years.\
The document provides details of a meeting between Kobach and Trump in 2016.
\u201cLosing Bears Ears to a cloud of industrial smoke from extraction and mining does not keep that preservation of life for us,\u201d said one Navajo woman.
Trayon White claimed \The Rothschilds\ were behind last week's snow.
Amateur activists, sick of being ignored by the GOP, are fighting to cover the uninsured.
The admissions were recorded during a probe into the firm, which was hired by President Trump\u2019s 2016 campaign.
The 2020 presidential elections are a chance for Democrats to move forward.
The hackers are improving their strategies for stealing private emails to sway public actions.
Five survivors of the Florida school massacre trace the month that put them at the forefront of a movement.
Students may be the face of the new gun violence prevention movement, but there are also adults working behind the scenes.
Dan Scavino, 42, has a long history with the Trump family.
Pressure on websites to screen out ads could expose sex workers to more risks.
The accounts raise new questions about Sessions\u2019 testimony regarding contacts with Russia during the campaign.
\Right now it doesn\u2019t feel like it\u2019s gonna be extended,\ said Corker.
One GOP senator insists the White House wants Mueller \to be able to finish the investigation.\
The NRA spent $21 million backing Trump in the 2016 election.
Critics accused the Interior secretary of perpetuating racial stereotypes.
Rep. Marcy Kaptur (D-Ohio) was sworn into office more than 35 years ago.
The attorney's call to end the special counsel probe is a disservice to the president, said Gowdy.
The former FBI deputy director was fired two days before he was set to retire and be eligible to receive his pension.
Trump says he doesn't believe fired FBI official Andrew McCabe \made memos except to help his own agenda, probably at a later date.\u201d
The former FBI director's yet-to-be released book was #2 on Amazon's list Sunday.
The former FBI director is about to bare his history with the president in a new book.
Trump also described the dismissal as \a great day for the hard working men and women of the FBI.\
But he won't say what.
Former FBI Director James Comey wrote similar memos on his interactions with Trump.
He called for \an end to alleged Russia Collusion investigation.\
No one is laughing.
The group reportedly obtained personal information from 50 million users.
President Donald Trump may have been at odds with McCabe, but his firing is the result of a Justice Department internal review.
Trump enters the case for the first time, represented by the lawyer who handled Hulk Hogan\u2019s sex tape lawsuit.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions fired the former deputy director of the FBI on Friday.
\America will triumph over you.\
\u201cWhat if our politicians weren\u2019t the b***h of the NRA?\
The new sanctions are the most significant the U.S. has taken against Russia since Trump took office.
This article originally appeared at TomDispatch.com. To receive TomDispatch in your inbox three times a week, click here
The move marks the first time the United States has publicly accused Moscow of hacking into American energy infrastructure.
In 2007, she became the first woman to chair the powerful House Rules Committee.
Last school year, more than 9,000 tips were submitted statewide.
It's not clear how Republicans could overcome a Democratic filibuster in the Senate.
\To defend torture is to attack the Constitution.\u201d
Lawyer Michael Avenatti wouldn't elaborate and promoted the porn star's upcoming interview with \60 Minutes.\
\What you thought was a clever response to @RepHanabusa was flippant & juvenile.\
The U.S. spent a record $306 billion on weather and climate-related disasters in 2017.
He has a very open idea of open carry.
\u201cBy a lie a man throws away and, as it were, annihilates his dignity as a man.\
\It's horrible the way they treat us,\ the angry president said of Japan.
\u201cNever has a party abandoned and fled its principles and deeply held beliefs so quickly.\
Ohio GOP congressional candidate Christina Hagan is trying to stir anti-immigrant sentiment with a misleading ad.
Three Trump accusers shared their reactions to the porn star's allegations that she had an affair with President Donald Trump.
The congressman's primary challenger, Marie Newman, supports a woman's right to choose.
The former first daughter defends the current first family.
Rich people are the best people, apparently.
\It just was so nakedly partisan.\
\If Mr. Trump runs four more times, I would vote for him every time,\ the porn star's mother said.
Trump's government finally calls out Russia, but the president himself is keeping quiet.
Kudlow initially made the announcement on-air.
Literary trolling.
Trump claimed he \u201clifted\ GOP candidate Rick Saccone's margin, even though Saccone had been expected to easily win the traditionally red district.
The method would replace lethal injection as the primary method.
On Wednesday, March 14, students across the nation came together\u00a0to protest gun violence, one month after the shooting in
But Trump himself has yet to state that Russia is responsible for the poisoning of an ex-spy and his daughter.
In a decentralized election system with more than 10,000 separate jurisdictions, the onus for security is on local officials.
He did tweet once about a school safety bill that doesn't restrict guns.
To commemorate the one-month anniversary of the\u00a0Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School\u00a0shooting, students across the country
\u201cI don\u2019t particularly enjoy having to legislate, or trying to legislate, common decency,\ said Sen. John Kennedy.
Sen. John Kennedy of Louisiana, who opposes gun control laws, said he'll introduce a bill to protect animals on airplanes.
What's next in the student-led movement for gun reform.
Rep. Hakeem Jeffries (D-N.Y.) saluted Lauryn Hill, Lil' Kim and others.
\u201cI belong here. I have family here. That\u2019s where I should be. This is my home.\u201d
The president has said he would consider investigation of his finances \a violation.\
\u201cWe cover hard topics all the time, but gun violence is the worst, because honestly I never thought anything would change.\
Zinke made the dumb comment in response to a plea that we not forget a dark moment in our country's history.
Sigh.
Over 100 schools from Maryland and the D.C. area signed the letter, which also railed against legislative proposals to arm teachers.
They're filling out a different kind of bracket.
Sen. John McCain was tortured as a prisoner of war.
President Trump hasn't released his...
\I don\u2019t deny any of the content,\ he told a French outlet.
Abdul El-Sayed, the 33-year-old former Detroit health commissioner, has a plan to fight environmental racism.
Trump filed for an uncontested proceeding, according to multiple reports.
The disturbing Facebook live video captures a troubling excursion in which two women and three children trespass and vandalize a mosque.
Hundreds of Jessica Stillman's students participated in the National School Walkout on Wednesday.
Plaintiffs contend the law could lead to racial profiling and divert resources from local police.
She rubbished the idea of a Sanders-Warren presidential ticket.
Most of the threats ended up being illegitimate, but schools weren't taking any chances.
On the same day\u00a0President Trump\u00a0announced by tweet that he was replacing Rex Tillerson as secretary of state, the\u00a0Washington
Last month, \The View\ co-host claimed Pence had a \mental illness\ if he could hear Jesus' voice.
The GOP said cutting taxes would help them in 2018. It didn\u2019t on Tuesday.
A street artist painted the Trump quote mural on private property with the owner's permission.
Democrat Conor Lamb declares victory early Wednesday, but the special U.S. House race may end up with a recount.
The GOP senator's stance could imperil both nominations in what is expected to be a heated confirmation process.
As the president inspected 8 slabs at the border, familiar campaign chants echoed again.
Images from school walkouts across the country.
Family and friends cheered them on from the sidelines.
The HUD secretary previously denied knowing $31,000 in taxpayer money had been spent on a dining set.
Trump's presidential campaign was \looking backwards,\ the former secretary of state said in India.
If regulators remove the age restrictions, minors could work with pesticides that aren't even sold to the general public because of how toxic they are.
Racial bias plays a crucial role in the discussion of whether or not we should arm teachers.
Drew Miller says he's the most hated man in America.
CNBC said the announcement of Trump\u2019s decision could come as soon as Thursday.
Andrew McCabe's pension would be in question if Jeff Sessions fires him before Sunday, his official retirement date.
Timing is everything.
By Tim Henderson CHAMBLEE, Ga. \u2014 This Atlanta suburb is a lot like other metropolitan suburbs around the country. A manufacturing
Fear. Suspicion of established authority. A feeling of intense disempowerment. People turn to guns for the comforts that others get from oils and energy crystals.
Ice cold.
The now-former candidate for a Maine state House seat called another Parkland teen \a moron.\
\We\u2019re gonna build a climbing wall and Mexico is going to pay for it!\
The impact of the Me Too movement might also extend to electing a historic number of female lawmakers.
The teens wanted to take their message directly to lawmakers.
They are meant to represent the number of children killed in shootings since Sandy Hook.
Conor Lamb\u2019s victory is a humbling blow to Republicans.
The attorney general has criticized the asylum system. Now he's taking steps that could make getting relief tougher.
They decided to pass a bill that could boost the financial fortunes of credit reporting firms.
The president called it the Marine \Core.\
One Democratic Party consultant said an unnamed client controlled many of these accounts.
It might not be politically feasible yet, but it's a smart way to start reducing casualties in mass shootings.
Small banks, big banks and even credit monitoring companies like Equifax score with this legislation.
Mike Pompeo, who was tapped to replace Rex Tillerson, could be the first secretary of state to reject climate science outright. Climate deniers have high hopes for him.
Wednesday's walkouts are a chance for advocates to show they won't give up.
\They control the puppet.\
Veteran Affairs Secretary David Shulkin has been investigated for misusing travel funds in a trip to Europe.
It's \a good sign,\ said Kate Brown, who is among the governors demanding an exemption from Trump's drilling plans.
Kobach is trying -- with little success -- to make the case that noncitizen voters can sway elections.
\u201cI\u2019m not going anywhere,\u201d the ousted secretary of state vowed in July.
Trump\u2019s new pick for secretary of state, Mike Pompeo, is fiercely opposed to the accord.
Conor Lamb can thank organized labor if he wins in Tuesday's special election against Republican Rick Saccone.
Kobach's plan to show how easily people lacking documents can register to vote backfired.
\We offer the fullest condemnation,\ the White House press secretary said. But of whom she wouldn't reveal.
Mike Pompeo has ties to one of America\u2019s largest anti-Muslim organizations.
Talking sense about immigration and\u00a0rejecting the President\u2019s Manichaean worldview
He came to praise the former secretary of state, but ...
William Otis argued in 2013 that individuals of Asian descent \stay out of jail more than whites or blacks\ because of their values.
John McEntee is reportedly being investigated for \u201cserious financial crimes.\
But schools can punish those who miss class.
The former sheriff's deputy submitted an extensive proposal that would make the border wall a recreational attraction.
House Intelligence Committee member says \there is evidence\ Russians worked to help Trump.
A new plan announced by Jeff Sessions would send money to areas that want to add school officers.
\The fake news chocolate bunny media elite.\
\We simply must do more to protect people online.\
\WHY ARE WE YELLING?\
Like West Virginia, Oklahoma went on a tax-cut spree when things looked good. Now it can't fund schools, and workers are threatening to walk off the job.
The other half say it would not be or they are not sure.
Republicans aren't worried that the president will take their guns.
The congresswoman did not hold back.
Gina Haspel was reportedly involved in the waterboarding of at least one terror suspect.
A candid moment with the former vice president.
Her dual roles raise conflict of interest questions and may imperil her permanent government security clearance.
Tillerson reportedly learned he'd been booted from Trump's tweet.
As a congressman, Mike Pompeo was aggressive in accusing the Obama administration of negligence and a cover-up around the 2012 terrorist attack.
James Schwab said that officials have spread misleading information about a recent immigration crackdown.
\u201cI\u2019ve been shot at before. I\u2019m very comfortable with it,\ the Interior secretary and former Navy SEAL said.
The Infowars host spun a conspiracy around a witness to the Charlottesville attack. But this victim won't back down.
And some firms seem a little embarrassed.
\Show us you\u2019re better than the other politicians,\ student David Hogg said.
And they\u2019re already throwing their candidate under the bus.
Lawsuits filed by Pennsylvania, Los Angeles and Chicago are drawing attention to the vague language in many state laws defining how quickly consumers must be informed of a data breach once it has been discovered.
So much for not being afraid of the NRA.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., argued that her family\u2019s claim to Native American ancestry is an indelible part of who she
The education secretary fumbled an interview with \60 Minutes.\
Education secretary also admits she hasn't visited underperforming schools.
The series of proposals generally fall in line with what the NRA supports.
The painting dedicated to Joaquin Oliver was part of art exhibit honoring the 17 victims.
If Trump accepts the deal, the actress would be free to publish any text messages, photos and videos she has of the president.
Democrats on the committee may have different findings.
The president seemed to endorse the idea less than two weeks ago
\u201cThe tide of history is with us,\ Bannon tells the French far right.
The president also said he hoped to run against Oprah. \I know her weakness.\
The retiring Arizona senator didn't elaborate on whether he'd be the one.
\There's a lot there, and that's the sad truth.\
Activist Sherry Johnson, who was forced to marry her rapist at the age of 11, said her \u201cheart is happy\u201d following the vote.
The Russian president denied accusations of meddling during a tense interview with NBC's Megyn Kelly.
When the president \uses vulgarity to talk about individuals,\ what are parents \supposed to tell their kids?\u201d Todd asks.
\Paying off a porn star is presidential?\
Emmet Flood is a veteran attorney who represented President Bill Clinton during his impeachment hearings.
Trump used Singapore's \zero tolerance\ drug policy as an example of how the U.S. should be.
He's nominated 87 people to be lifetime federal judges. They're about as diverse as a casting call for \u201cMad Men.\u201d
The percentage he laid claim to was inflated by more than 10 points.
The president likes making \funny names,\ Steven Mnuchin says.
The president's plan to tour border wall prototypes is another slap at a state that considers itself at war with his administration.
The modification allows certain rifles to fire like automatic weapons.
The senator from Florida previously said he supported raising the legal age to 21.
John Feeley let loose on the White House after leaving his post this week.
Another awkward situation for Trump's son-in-law and White House adviser.
The parade will cost taxpayers up to $30 million.
Donald Trump loves women so much that he married three.
Elliott Broidy envisioned a team of 5,000 \Muslim soldiers recruited from Arab and Islamic nations.\
Hans von Spakovsky admits he can't name an election that turned on noncitizen ballots in a trial over proof-of-citizenship law.
Or 68, if you include Gov. Rick Scott's signing of the legislation.
But GOP candidate Rick Saccone also claimed to be unions' \biggest salesman.\
What can consumer pressure campaigns really achieve?
The announcement has stunned Korea observers.
Between 2013 and 2017, medical aid-in-dying became legal in California, Colorado, Vermont and the District of Columbia. At least 25 states may follow suit.
Bundy's father, Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy, became a hero of Western states' rights advocates in 2014.
Carson has proposed changing the department's mission statement to better reflect the Trump administration's priorities.
Trump pulled out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership last year.
The legislation would give credit monitoring companies an edge in the mortgage business.
At the federal agency in charge of 20 percent of the U.S. landmass, blogs like \Watts Up With That\ trump The New York Times.
Trump's new tariffs have the billionaire donor singing a new tune.
The protectionist trade policy also threatens jobs in industries from Kentucky bourbon to Wisconsin cranberries.
It's unclear which bank account Cohen used to wire the money.
Sen. Todd Young (R-Ind.) and Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.) crafted an alternative bill they call pragmatic. Peace groups believe it threatens confrontation with Iran.
At the trial over requiring proof of citizenship to vote, the state official's missteps on evidence draw rebuke.
The state official points to data showing 38 flagged names on one county's rolls in an 18-year period.
As prosecutors fixated on the death penalty for a killer, some family members of his victims found solace in an unlikely figure... the gunman's attorney.
A new book excerpt says Trump thought certain women in his beauty pageant were \too ethnic.\
Rep. Elijah Cummings, the top Democrat on the House Oversight Committee, now wants GOP chair Trey Gowdy to issue a subpoena to obtain the information.
Kim reportedly has expressed his \eagerness to meet\ with Trump as soon as possible.
I am proud to live in a country where \everyone can criticize elected officials,\ said a smiling Libby Schaaf.
After two weeks or so of deliberations, the White House put these options on hold. Instead, Obama and his aides came up with
The bill also contained several gun control measures.
Group moves to protect the gun-buying \constitutional rights\ of 18 to 20 year olds.
Teens' opinions often mirror adults' views, but some differences stand out.
Health sharing ministries cost less than insurance, but don\u2019t make the same coverage guarantees, as this Nebraska couple learned.
By comparing his case to Hillary Clinton's, a Navy sailor and his lawyer were able to grab Fox's attention \u2014 and the president's.
She was at the same Lake Tahoe event where Trump allegedly chatted up Stormy.
Are GOP lawmakers trying to run out the clock on themselves?
The order, obtained before she filed her lawsuit, was meant to block her from speaking out about her alleged affair with the president.
This shouldn't be that hard for a women's rights activist and a Democratic congressman.
The president told Scott Sauritch his father would be very proud of him for speaking out about about protecting union workers.
The law would prevent women from having abortions after 15 weeks of pregnancy.
Trump's policies are undermining women's health and rights around the world.
Robert Mueller has zeroed in on the clandestine affair in recent weeks.
A provision benefiting veterans has gotten less beneficial, according to a Democratic senator.
Gov. Rick Scott has expressed hesitancy over the bill and hasn't ruled out a veto.
\We need to hear the voices of young people. Maybe then Congress will listen,\u201d Mayor Catherine E. Pugh said.
Sen. Mike Lee wants to make sure some people can act on their religious beliefs.
In a message to staff, Carson insisted the housing department would still ensure inclusivity in housing.
The Vermont senator hopes to build on the success of a widely viewed \u201cMedicare for all\u201d session.
\The right leadership must be in place to create an atmosphere in which employees can perform their very best work.\u201d
Meanwhile, the Trump administration is stepping up its fight against the bill, planning a special classified briefing on Yemen for all senators next week.
There will be a lot of show votes and required funding bills.
As Interior Department White House liaison, Lori Mashburn attended two private events hosted by her longtime employer, the conservative Heritage Foundation.
The tariff plan has angered U.S. allies.
\u201cHe\u2019s seriously globalist, there\u2019s no question,\ Trump added of Gary Cohn.
\Congress cannot be complicit as the administration courts economic disaster,\u201d Sen. Jeff Flake warns.
\u201cDo we allow the children to tell us that we should pass a law that says 'no homework'?\ asked state Rep. Elizabeth Porter.
Witnesses in the case challenging a Kansas law explain just how much \u201cpatience and gumption\u201d it can take.
The upgrade is meant to ensure the interior secretary doesn't get locked out on the balcony and that rain doesn't leak in.
She will face off against incumbent Rep. Nanette Barrag\u00e1n and \Clueless\ actress Stacey Dash.
\I wasn't drunk,\ the former Trump campaign aide insisted.
Before the Miss Universe broadcast, there was the obligatory red carpet event. Camera crews from around the world recorded
The senator gave $5,000 to every state Democratic Party in the country for a total of $250,000.
Why are Democrats scared to talk about this?
Another great day on Twitter for the contentious New York Times opinion writer.
A draft strategic plan sidelines civil rights while emphasizing a crackdown on leaks and the MS-13 gang.
It's not the games you should worry about. It's the social platform that allows hate to thrive.
You'll watch this over and over.
Stoneman Douglas students said on social media that the education secretary met with few students and barely responded to their questions.
The Minnesota congressman just replaced retiring Rep. John Conyers as chief sponsor of the main single-payer bill.
\I\u2019m not sure that\u2019s the best use of taxpayer money,\u201d Rep. Claudia Tenney said.
The White House wanted to check voter information against federal databases to identify people who were on voting rolls illegally.
A porn star is suing the president; let that sink in.
\u201cDo we allow the children to tell us that we should pass a law that says 'no homework'?\ asked state Rep. Elizabeth Porter.
In 2007, the California Democrat became the first -- and so far only -- woman to serve as speaker of the House.
The first primary of 2018 offers more evidence that Trump's opponents are galvanized.
A Florida law that allows police and health care professionals to take people rescued from an overdose to emergency treatment might be a model for other states.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions, on the other hand, likened California's immigration policies to an attempt to secede.
Hundreds of scientists are already demanding Long Island billionaire Rebekah Mercer leave the museum board over her climate change denial funding.
Three residents spoke about the obstacles they faced as a closely watched trial begins on the state's proof-of-citizenship requirement.
\Mark my words, we are going to see historic turnout from the extreme left in November.\
The proposal threatens more than 2.5 million coastal jobs for roughly two years worth of oil, an ocean conservation nonprofit reports.
\I don't want to have to hide a really big part of myself in order to win an election,\ Kelda Roys told HuffPost.
Tarin Olson is on leave from Golden West College after the video emerged on Facebook.
He endorsed Trump -- the man who called his father \stiff\ and \low energy\ -- in 2016 and has supported him since.
The Colorado private investigator who helped defend a condemned killer says religious beliefs prevent her from testifying for the prosecution.
Any state that's been telling teachers to tighten their belts for years has been put on notice.
The suit claims Trump himself never signed a \hush agreement.\
His tiny re-election effort spent more on its monthly rent there than his campaign paid for most of the 2016 run.
For decades, women have been fighting for an equal rights amendment. Gun owners, mostly men, have had the Second Amendment for centuries.
Possibly even two.
West Virginia House Delegate Saira Blair, 21, became the youngest elected U.S. legislator in 2014.
\I have not spoken with her in a long time,\ Clinton said of Trump, who had been a friend.
\If there\u2019s no signature by [Trump], it\u2019s not valid,\ Jay Goldberg said.
An admirer of Dylann Roof who bought a gun from the FBI said he wanted to do something on a \f**king big scale.\
And it's going to use similar arguments to the ones the Obama administration used against an anti-unauthorized immigration law.
The word has been used to describe an outgoing administration official, who is Jewish.
After Gary Cohn resigned Tuesday, Trump boasted -- without evidence, again -- about \u201cmany people wanting the job.\u201d
She won more votes than her four primary opponents. If she wins the runoff, she could make history in November.
Laura Moser used a broadside from the national party to her advantage. She places second in the primary.
It will no longer reference \inclusive\ communities \free from discrimination.\
North Korea says it's also open to negotiations with the U.S.
Several small towns and cities have created foreign trade zones as an economic development strategy, with mixed results.
Changes to the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School Public Safety Act still need to be approved by the Florida House.
\u201cPresident Trump did not have a call with the North Koreans,\ a source told Yonhap News Agency.
President Andrew Johnson was impeached for \high crimes and misdemeanors\ in 1868.
Her resignation comes a month after she admitted to an extramarital affair while in office.
Democrats in Texas have turned out in massive numbers for early voting.
The senior counselor to the president reportedly violated a law that prohibits government employees from engaging in political activities.
The former Goldman Sachs executive has served as Trump's chief economic adviser since the president's inauguration.
North Korea offered to halt nuclear tests if the U.S. agrees to  negotiations.
The agreement reportedly occurred during the G20 meeting in Germany last July.
HuffPost obtained a letter the experts sent today to Senate leaders McConnell and Schumer.
Legislators passed a bill giving teachers and state employees a 5 percent raise.
\u201cIt matters to show up. [Our legislators] need to see us.\u201d
\Thanks, lowest rated President in HISTORY,\ Jimmy Kimmel tweeted.
It's the first state to pass net neutrality legislation, setting up a clash with the Federal Communications Commission.
Sam Nunberg says he\u2019s mad as hell and he\u2019s not going to take it anymore. Special counsel Robert Mueller may have other ideas
The popular sales events are a next-level battleground in the gun fight.
Relieved owner celebrates with a Greek song about fighting fascism.
But only slightly. Nothing to worry about!
Spencer and his white supremacist buddies had a miserable two days in Michigan. Everywhere they went, anti-fascist protesters were waiting.
Former president zings Trump in candid comments.
The U.S. government will allow hunters to import elephant trophies on a case-by-case basis, breaking the president\u2019s pledge.
Gov. Kate Brown signed a bill to stop convicted stalkers and domestic abusers from buying and keeping firearms.
Using the presidential seal at a Trump golf course could be illegal.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has cast doubt on his own agency's ability to combat foreign governments.
And all the best looks from the red carpet.
\u201cBye. Done. It\u2019s ridiculous.\u201d
Canada and Mexico could be exempt from new tariffs if they renegotiate the trade deal, he hinted.
So far, the Justice Department has focused its efforts on free speech cases involving conservatives and Christians.
Under the 1994 Gun-Free Schools Act, schools are required to report to state and federal authorities whenever a student is caught with a gun. Often, it doesn\u2019t happen.
The 80-year-old\u2019s statement could help Mississippi's junior senator, Roger Wicker, avoid a primary challenger.
The billionaire sold before shares of crane manufacturer Manitowoc Co. plunged on Trump's tariff plan.
Sam Nunberg told several outlets he\u2019d rather be arrested than comply with the Russia probe. Then reversed his statement Monday evening.
The former New Jersey governor says they're trying to \hurt\ Kellyanne Conway.
Attorney Michael Cohen claims the article is \fake news.\
\u201cThis could really be in a lot of ways the case where we really put the evidence of fraud on trial in this country,\ said the ACLU's Dale Ho.
Critics of the gun lobby are going big.
His enemies include the establishment, the city of Houston and Chobani yogurt.
\u201cAs far as the risk of dealing with a madman is concerned, that\u2019s his problem, not mine,\u201d the president joked at the closed-door event.
The state Senate didn't deliver on the pay hikes the governor had laid out.
The White House aide allegedly turned on Qatar after the country failed to invest in a troubled Kushner property.
At the annual event, the president also joked about the press, Democrats, top aides -- and even his wife, Melania.
\He\u2019s now president for life, president for life. And he\u2019s great. And look, he was able to do that. I think it\u2019s great. Maybe we\u2019ll have to give that a shot someday.\
They want to stay in the U.S. and help children. But President Donald Trump might not let them.
Andrew McCabe, the former acting FBI director whom Trump has pilloried, apparently okayed the disclosure of information that hurt the Clinton campaign.
The president, whose flip-flopping position on the Iraq War is well-documented, sarcastically referred to Bush as a \real genius.\
Every member who opposed the short-term prohibition on sales was Republican.
The left \attacks people trying to get to the truth,\ the congressman told Fox News.
The school district said it began investigating immediately after HuffPost raised questions about the teacher.
Police arrested three people at the speech -- and, yes, it was caught on film.
After Putin's boast about  nuclear missiles, the former director said he was chilled by Trump's priorities
The airline sparked massive controversy by ending the deal, but few people ever used it.
\u201cSemen is a very common way for us to donate,\u201d one deer breeder said.
Two Kevlar-wearing lawmakers said they  feared retaliation.
Some of the dogs were left in kennels for up to 11 months, according to the Defense Department.
Frustration with House Democrats\u2019 campaign arm is boiling over.
The defeated Senate candidate has been sued by a woman who says he sexually abused her when she was 14.
\u201cWe\u2019ve been locked in a classroom. We have seen our friends text their parents goodbye. We are the experts.\
The State Department is relying on an outdated policy that is at odds with federal court precedents.
Globalization policies were wreaking havoc long before he was elected president.
The Family Foundation of Kentucky opposes child marriage but wants to preserve parents\u2019 say in their kids\u2019 lives.
Dayanna Volitich suggests Muslims be eradicated from the earth, believes anti-Semitic conspiracy theories ... and teaches middle school social studies.
The president might see it on Fox News.
\u201cBy detaining refugees without due process, ICE is acting illegally and arbitrarily, a hallmark of authoritarian regimes similar to the one in Vietnam.\u201d
The National Park Service says a student group sought permission to use the mall first.
The channel secretly filmed lawmakers and activists in the pro-Israel community for months in 2016 and promised last year that it would release its documentary soon.
The company changed its policy in response to the Parkland shooting.
\u201cThe comments were obviously made in jest,\ his spokesman said.
Bad news for beer lovers.
That explains everything!
The Atlanta-based airline stands by its decision to cut ties with the NRA, despite retaliation by state lawmakers.
It turns out it's tough to give teachers raises when you slash taxes for a decade.
\u201cPOTUS & VPOTUS support the Second Amendment,\ the NRA's Chris Cox tweets.
The president is enforcing sanctions from before he took office. But there's scant evidence he's implementing new ones to deter election meddling.
At least according to the metrics politicians have chosen.
The EPA\u2019s announcement didn\u2019t even mention the risks coal ash poses to human health.
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard says a $400 NRA donation from more than a decade ago had nothing to do with it.
\It is the job of companies that manufacture and sell guns and ammunition to work towards common sense solutions,\ REI said.
She doesn't seem like the perfect candidate for the \Einstein visa.\
Shavonnia Corbin-Johnson, a progressive candidate, says Christina Hartman, an establishment Democrat, gave her a patronizing phone call.
The president reportedly wants his daughter and son-in-law out of the White House.
Hundreds of new state gun laws have passed in the five years since the Newtown massacre,\u00a0and most expand access. By Matt
...and yes, that's an actual job.
Oslo police have reached out to the FBI.
The messages suggest that Elliott Broidy tried to use his influence with the Trump administration for personal gain.
She's the latest in a long line of top government officials jumping ship in the Trump era.
But if he actually believes this, it certainly isn\u2019t guiding his administration\u2019s drug policy.
Former Trump adviser tells Stephen Colbert she was sometimes \very, very concerned\ while working in the White House.
Alberto Carvalho won't be leaving his job in Miami after all.
Nevada last year became the 36th state to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment, meaning that supporters need only two more states to reach the 38 required to add it to the U.S. Constitution. The last state to ratify was Indiana in 1977.
The HUD secretary claimed he \was as surprised as anyone to find out\ about the lavish purchase.
Living in dystopia sure is getting exhausting.
\u201cThe last thing I wanted to do was walk away from one of the great honors of my life,\ Kelly said about his position at the Department of Homeland Security.
In a traditionally GOP House district, Republican candidate Rick Saccone\u2019s lead in polls has shrunk.
\I cannot believe the Trump store isn't selling a MAGA dog-whistle.\
Workers across the state continued the strike after a tentative deal floundered. Now their solidarity will be tested.
The measure scraps a proposed tax exemption for jet fuel, which would have benefited the Atlanta-based airline.
The leak appears to be a failed attempt to discredit the Senate investigation into Russia's efforts to subvert the 2016 election.
NEW YORK, March 1 (Reuters) - A gauge of global equity performance tumbled and the dollar strengthened against the Canadian
\u201cWhy would you believe [the president]?\u201d asked Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin.
The congressional panel wants the receipts.
\Hope Hicks lasted approximately 19.6 Scaramuccis as communications director.\
The president continues to attack his own attorney general.
A revolving door never spun so fast.
Trump's reported new nickname for his attorney general has people divided.
A former aide to Rep. Patrick Meehan, who told a female subordinate she was his \soul mate,\ has now been targeted in a sexual harassment investigation.
Oh no.
Half now say it's politically feasible to pass stricter gun laws.
Richard Spencer wasn\u2019t allowed inside, but a bunch of other racists, conspiracy theorists and extremists were.
\Take the guns first. Go through due process second,\ said President Donald Trump, a Republican.
Without a deep understanding of the 2016 intrusion, experts warn states can't stop it from happening again.
The \u201cpaid agitator\u201d smear tends to show up throughout American history during moments of social reform. It dates back at least to Reconstruction.
These senators are finding common ground with President Trump.
Trump's relationships with Jeff Sessions, Hope Hicks and Jared Kushner have all come under fire.
Bass Pro Shops and Academy Sports + Outdoors are still selling military-style rifles like those used in recent mass shootings.
\Now, by law, Jared has to stick two fingers in his ears and hum during family dinners.\
The regulator also asked for information related to other family members.
A new poll finds people are half as likely to have heard about corporate share buybacks as bonuses for workers.
\u201cI absolutely believe that in this country, if you are 18 years of age, you should not be able to buy a rifle,\u201d the Florida senator said at last week's CNN town hall.
In Connecticut, Democratic challenger Phil Young won a seat Republicans had held for the past 44 years.
\I don't just tweet off the top of my head.\
The purchase comes amid proposals to slash HUD programs for the poor and elderly.
Trump said a lot of surprising things during a bipartisan meeting with lawmakers on gun control.
\This will be the generation that restores life in America,\u201d the vice president told a group of anti-abortion activists.
Cities and states are trying new ways to entice food stamp recipients to eat their fruits and vegetables. But the Trump administration\u2019s plans to slash food stamp benefits could change all that.
The attorney general pushed back after Trump called his actions \DISGRACEFUL!\
A staffer said they should avoid politicizing the tragedy, but thoughts and prayers were fine.
The story dropped the same day we learned Jared Kushner had lost his top-secret security clearance.
Brad Parscale sold his company to a company with a sketchy past, according to The Associated Press.
The government must give undocumented young people an explanation and time to respond before stripping their relief.
What Russia\u2019s dirty tricks campaign had in common with online media.
And that's just what it'll do.
Legislative committees' answer to the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School slaughter? More guns.
\u201cThis is not executive privilege, this is executive stonewalling,\u201d Rep. Adam Schiff said of the testimony.
The political calculus could be different this time.
\u201cIt\u2019s offensive for anyone to manipulate the history of the Holocaust to score political points,\ the Anti-Defamation League said.
The senators are trying to force an up-or-down vote on U.S. support for a brutal Saudi-led coalition in Yemen.
Hicks, one of Trump's most trusted advisers, has reportedly become a focus of the Mueller probe.
\By staying silent we are bystanders; we normalize hate speech, condone discrimination and bullying.\
Intelligence officials say no ballots or information had been changed.
More than 150 undocumented immigrants have been arrested in Northern California since Sunday.
Yet they're also more likely to say that U.S. schools are safe.
The White House communications director said her job requires \white lies,\ The New York Times reports.
The lack of federal funding for gun-related research leaves policymakers without basic information that would help inform policy decisions. Some states are filling the gap.
Joseph Yun helped secure the release of American student Otto Warmbier last year.
In a recent survey, more than two-thirds of voters said the president \needs to do and say more\ on the issue.
The GOP lawmaker launched a fundraiser to buy two handguns for educators.
\This is a real revolution.\
By Delece Smith-Barrow, The Hechinger Report WASHINGTON \u2014 A bill proposed by Republicans in the House of Representatives
They fear other Republicans aren't ready to cut benefits in an election year.
And now maybe he\u2019s backtracking, just like he did on the failed immigration bill.
The Supreme Court curbed the ability of immigrants held in long-term detention during deportation proceedings to argue for their release.
The state's election commission and Senate disagreed over who had the right to remove the commission's administrator.
Rep. Brian Mast received $4,950 in contributions from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle -- more than any other Florida member of the House.
It's now or never!
CBS' mistake is the world's loss.
Normalizing budgetary bloat
Like his pop, he says he's fighting for working class \beaten up by the system.\
\Corporations cannot attack conservatives and expect us not to fight back.\
But you might not know about it.
Stephanie Winston Wolkoff's company received almost $26 million to plan events for President Trump's inauguration last year.
The White House adviser called a question about her father \inappropriate.\
But teachers say the strike continues.
Furious teens and parents are emerging as a political force for gun control.
The campaign organization said Democrats should focus on offering thoughts and prayers.
\Ruthlessly turning Trump's racism into national immigration policy takes its toll.\
Remember that bald eagle?
\Back in the day when our President could run.\
\The facts speak for themselves,\ said Log Cabin Republicans' Gregory T. Angelo.
It's the largest single-year increase ever recorded by the Anti-Defamation League.
Younger Americans grew up hearing about massacres, but it's not clear that's changed their views on guns.
The state gets creative after the GOP tax bill caps deductions.
He's not the only one.
The largely unsuccessful push to ban bump stocks, the device the Las Vegas shooter used to maximize casualties, is a cautionary
Conservative justices appeared sympathetic to the challenge brought by anti-union groups.
The decision means the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program will remain in effect -- for now.
But it's unclear whether the president has the authority to unilaterally outlaw the accessory used in the Las Vegas massacre.
\u201cI think that having a teacher who is armed ... is not a bad idea, but it is an idea that needs to be discussed.\
\We don\u2019t know about the 999 other times where they did do things to save us,\u201d one student said.
President Donald Trump's daughter scolded NBC's Peter Alexander for asking her about the numerous accusations against her father.
Jay Inslee told the president to reconsider his idea of arming school teachers.
\u201cJohn Dunkin isn\u2019t just a pilot,\u201d a White House source told Axios.
They accuse Walker of delaying the vote out of fear the GOP may lose the seats.
An anti-violence group is harnessing Trump's favorite social media platform to show him the gun-related death toll.
The state would be just the third where felons in jail could cast a ballot.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos said she expects the school's \full and complete disclosure\ throughout the process.
The Oath Keepers are \u201cone of the largest radical anti-government groups in the U.S. today,\u201d the Southern Poverty Law Center says.
Now she's considering writing a tell-all book about it.
Gun policy looms as key threat to president's support, polls find.
\If your solutions are progressive solutions, I think that\u2019s OK.\
It's the last thing radical activist Oscar Brown Jr. would have wanted, they say.
Birds of a feather ...
Meanwhile, her husband is arguably the highest-profile cyberbully of all time.
The teen activist wrote a powerful essay urging adults to grow up and push for stricter gun laws.
\Increasingly it appears Manafort is the link to Russian collusion.\
A new study predicts premiums going up by 18 percent and millions of Americans losing their coverage.
\These kids come from broken homes without dads.\u201d
\u201cI really believe I\u2019d run in there even if I didn\u2019t have a weapon.\
Then president pleads that \we have to come together as a nation.\
The newsletter was emailed Friday to supporters.
\This a punishment or a prize?\
\As a result of Sheriff Israel's failures, students and teachers died,\ the 74 state lawmakers wrote in a letter to Gov. Rick Scott (R).
Mona Charen, a conservative political analyst, was booed for her comments and later was escorted by security from the event for her safety.
The Florida club breached contracts by dodging reimbursements, a judge ruled.
The group blamed everyone but itself for this month's Florida shooting.
Her rival, fellow Democrat Kevin de Le\u00f3n, called it \u201can astounding rejection of politics as usual.\
He's either lying or not paying close enough attention.
\The NRA is an organization that's completely broken,\ said young activist David Hogg.
Mayor Libby Schaaf said \credible sources\ told her ICE agents were planning operations in the Bay Area.
Neither leader will back down from their stance on Mexico paying for Trump's border wall.
\I talk about my roots and how a girl from the South Side found her voice,\ the former first lady tweeted.
The suit argues that Trump's dismissive attitude toward women is now ingrained in public school sex assault policies.
\u201cI have no doubt he will make the right decision.\u201d
\Stop tweeting like a crazy loon.\
Some Christian leaders are arguing that they can't fight for the \sanctity of life\ without also pushing for stricter gun laws.
It was a \painfully stupid\ remark, said Michael Steele.
The document, which rebuts Republican efforts to undermine the Mueller investigation, serves as a response to the Nunes memo.
And he didn\u2019t keep talking about the WikiLeaks emails stolen by Russia because he thought voters didn\u2019t care.
His conspiracy theory \like\ put a \target on my back,\ the 14-year-old tweeted.
We are witnessing history.
It's not as simple as expanding background checks.
The president also attacked the armed security guard at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School for not going after Nikolas Cruz.
\u201cThis is not about our desire to rig the map.\u201d
\The United States will continue targeting persons, wherever located, who facilitate North Korea\u2019s illicit shipping practices.\u201d
D'oh.
\As long as it\u2019s made in America, I\u2019m good with it,\ Secretary Ryan Zinke said Friday.
Two of its top officials deliver fiery speeches at an annual gathering of conservatives.
Views of the economy are often filtered through a distinctly partisan lens.
The House and Senate campaign arms have drawn criticism for weighing in on primary candidates.
\Despite cries of pain from Mr. Faulk, the officer continued to press Mr. Faulk\u2019s head against the ground,\ attorneys wrote in the lawsuit.
But it's still unclear what Defense Secretary James Mattis actually recommended.
Rep. Dana Rohrabacher has been interviewed by congressional investigators but not yet by special counsel Robert Mueller.
Gates is the latest member of Trump's inner circle to cut a deal.
The #ArmMeWith campaign has a message for Washington.
\Daddy is gonna let her pretend to be an Olympian for the closing ceremony. Yaaaay!\
A growing number of states are using changeable speed limits when there is stop-and-go traffic or inclement weather, but some critics view them as speed traps.
As American gun sales and manufacturing have exploded, the ATF's budget and capabilities have remained stagnant.
They're both \so easy to buy,\ she said.
\u201cI\u2019m so proud of them, and I don\u2019t even know them.\u201d
Michael S. Smith II wrote in a mock Chinese accent, \u201cWe know wheh you sreep, rouwound eye. And who you sreepy with!!!\u201d
It's \distressingly unsurprising,\ one former Education Department official says.
The Fox News host was riffing off a Tim Allen quote about the Clintons.
The program began by promoting canned meat and powdered milk for low-income people.
The president reached out to Samantha Fuentes while she was in the hospital recovering from shooting wounds.
As Trump's son-in-law continues to revise his answers, Robert Mueller may be looking over his shoulder, too.
Robert Mueller's team now says he paid off a group of European politicians.
Scott's proposals come more than a week after 17 people died in a mass shooting at a Florida high school.
Some think Laura Moser is too liberal for what's expected to be a contentious Houston race.
Revolution Messaging says it didn't force out the victim. Former staffers say otherwise.
The new statement removes a reference to the U.S. as a \u201cnation of immigrants.\u201d
Two days after the state Supreme Court issued a new congressional map that would make elections fairer, Republicans are suing.
Republicans are pursuing every possible legal avenue to try to keep a congressional map that benefits them.
A new plan signals revived interest in public options and even Medicare-for-all.
The latest indictment includes allegations of wrongdoing as recently as January 2017.
Democrats are trying to \u201ceradicate all individual freedoms,\u201d he said.
\Literally needs to be spoon-fed words that project empathy. A profoundly defective human being.\
\Our kids have started a revolution,\ one teacher says at emotional town hall.
The former first lady expressed \total awe\ for the young activists who have risen up in the wake of last week's school shooting to call for sensible gun laws.
The simple questions were the most devastating as Florida students and supporters sought answers.
Matthew Masterson, currently chairman of the U.S. Election Assistance Commission, is being removed from his post by Paul Ryan.
\u201cThis is our president\u2019s son doing that.\
At a CNN-hosted town hall on Wednesday, NRA's Dana Loesch was roundly criticized by gun violence survivors and others for her remarks on gun control.
President Donald Trump's daughter has no plans to meet with North Korean officials during her visit to Pyeongchang.
Resistance to Donald Trump is not enough, the new pledge declares.
Good thing he had a cheat sheet.
He wants to give guns to \only the best\ teachers, like ones who've been in the military.
\u201cIt is too easy to get. It is a weapon of war. The fact that you can stand here and can\u2019t say that, I\u2019m sorry.\u201d
But there's little evidence that more armed security on campus will prevent school shootings.
The group End Citizens United is hitting Republican Rick Saccone\u2019s spending habits.
The governor had earlier been accused of trying to blackmail a woman with nude photos.
Alfonso Calderon spoke with conviction as he panned President Trump's suggestion.
The section on racial and sexual discrimination will also be trimmed.
Conservative Republicans in Congress are itching for a food stamp fight this year.
Will the president show up, too?
Sixty-three percent of the women targeted wore a hijab or head scarves.
Drug overdose deaths declined in 14 states during the 12 months ending July 2017, according to new provisional death certificate data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
\u201cI\u2019m not saying you love the tragedy, but you love the ratings. Crying white mothers are ratings gold.\u201d
Educators tell the president they want to teach, not shoot.
\Knee-jerk\ reactions to school shootings exacerbate the school-to-prison pipeline in the name of school safety.
President Trump says more teachers should carry weapons. It's a proposal that could have disastrous consequences.
Wayne LaPierre is calling for more \armed security\ in schools to prevent shootings.
Armor Correctional Health Services personnel allegedly falsified medical records in connection with a \profound dehydration\ death.
The federal Civil Rights Act doesn\u2019t protect unpaid interns from sexual harassment if they aren\u2019t employees. As accusations pile up, lawmakers are searching for ways to keep their most vulnerable workers safe.
The task force will examine use of the internet to spread violent ideologies and recruit followers, and how hackers breach private corporate and government data.
Lawmakers voted down a motion to advance the long-stalled gun control bill.
The charges are part of the criminal case brought by Special Counsel Robert Mueller.
\Late Show\ host puts lawmakers on notice over gun control.
The tone-deaf remark is drawing sharp criticism on social media.
By Danny Sjursen This article originally appeared at TomDispatch.com. To receive TomDispatch in your inbox three times a
The vice president's office accused the country of trying to \u201cwhitewash their murderous regime with nice photo ops.\u201d
Benjamin Kelly, an aide to Rep. Shawn Harrison (R-Tampa), repeated a conspiracy theory that has been gaining traction on social media.
Visa and FedEx are two big-name companies with ties to the divisive group.
\u201cY\u2019all strong. Make sure your voices are heard,\u201d one Pulse survivor told Parkland students.
It's unclear why the president's son-in-law needs access to highly classified material.
In a \listening session\ at the White House, survivors of the Stoneman Douglas High massacre tell of their fears and grief. Trump suggests more guns in schools and more mental hospitals.
\u201cA tragedy like this can never happen again, and ... we will never let it happen again,\u201d a Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School senior said.
It's the most support the Quinnipiac University Poll has ever measured.
From talking about gun control to donating blood, there's a lot we can all do.
\Although these types of mass shootings have become normal in this country, they\u2019re not normal at all for the rest of the planet.\
The massacre in Parkland has reignited the gun debate nationwide.
\But the media doesn\u2019t talk about that,\ Rep. Claudia Tenney said.
\The Florida House of Representatives literally decided that porn is a greater risk to Floridians than assault weapons.\
Here's a rundown of the winners and losers.
\u201cIt\u2019s going to be up to the next generation to make sure this work gets finished,\u201d said Moms Demand Action's founder.
\Red flag\ laws empower families to take action when they spot signs of trouble.
Another sign of a big year for Democrats.
Major events are scheduled to demand action after the Florida school shooting.
The white supremacist organizers are hoping to fend off a conspiracy lawsuit. This video won\u2019t help their case.
The president\u2019s eldest son is slated to speak at an event with India's prime minister, during a trip meant to sell luxury apartments.
For the first time in nearly three decades, teachers across the state are set to walk off the job if their demands aren't met.
Instead he \defended himself,\ lied and \attacked others,\ the Fox News host says.
Romney says Utah \u201chas a lot to teach the politicians in Washington.\u201d
Some 20,000 teachers rely on DACA.
The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee raised $9.3 million.
The gun group is set to hold its annual convention in Dallas later this year.
She gives reporters a series of non-answers to questions about sanctions.
Agency officials have said they would likely need congressional action to regulate sales of the gun modifications.
\Sadly, when the coverage dies down a little bit, we\u2019ll be back through the chaos.\
Eight states have active cloud seeding programs, and many districts in arid areas view the technology as an important tool.
Even a conservative talk radio host objects
A new regulation would open the door for less comprehensive, short-term plans.
State Sen. Dan Foreman abruptly canceled a meeting with the students and threatened to call law enforcement if they ever return.
\How do you say 'Happy Presidents Day' in Russian?\
She made her point.
#MeToo and photos of an ex-wife\u2019s bruised eye forced Trump\u2019s staff to back away from original explanations \u2013 and shredded the president\u2019s credibility even further.
He's also accused of deleting or otherwise not producing emails sought by the Special Counsel\u2019s office.
Saying that \just because we\u2019re young we can\u2019t make a difference is not right,\ one student said.
\It\u2019s liars like you in politics that have prompted me to run for office myself,\ responded a woman who accused him of forcibly kissing her in 2006.
Justices turned away a challenge to California\u2019s 10-day waiting period for firearms purchases that is intended to guard against impulsive violence and suicides.
\Good to have the old Mitt Romney back.\
They're dismissing arguments in favor of gun control by targeting the students themselves.
Last year, that wasn't a given.
A small step in the wake of the Parkland shooting.
He's willing to testify against Paul Manafort, his onetime associate, according to The Los Angeles Times.
The EPA head's habit of flying business or first class sparked outrage from some government ethics groups last week.
Americans tried to calm rattled leaders at an international conference in Munich.
Her successor Ryan Zinke wasted little time reviving an arcane military flag-flying tradition.
Andy Slavitt isn\u2019t afraid of all politics -- just the current politics in Washington, D.C.
The president dared Winfrey to run against him in 2020.
Republicans have enjoyed a considerable advantage under the earlier map, which was in place for three congressional elections.
Several student-led demonstrations also erupted across Florida on Presidents Day.
Vermont Secretary of State Jim Condos (D) questioned DHS Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen in light of the president's reluctance to call out Russian interference.
It could cost unions millions of members -- but also force them to adapt and innovate.
The senator, who once employed Porter, explained why he defended him against domestic abuse allegations.
\u201cIt\u2019s the end of the road for me,\ Al Hoffman Jr., who has donated millions to GOP candidates over the years, told the New York Times.
The president's comments come on the heels of a gun control rally in Florida, where protesters lambasted Trump for his support for the NRA.
He submitted \doctored profit statements\ for mortgage to secure bail, say prosecutors.
Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) skewered the White House for refusing to impose new Russia sanctions passed by Congress.
\They are spending too much time trying to prove Russian collusion with the Trump campaign.\
\Don't tell us, tell Donald, who would rather insult people than help.\
The Vermont senator reiterates his call for an assault weapons ban while defending his record on other gun control issues.
Twitter
\Hard to ignore the vice president of Facebook ads!\
\This is about us begging for our lives,\u201d said Cameron Kasky, a junior at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School.
But the president appeared to be in a \somber\ mood, a witness noted.
\Russia attacked\ during the campaign, says Fox News host, contradicting Trump.
If no action is taken \Rick Scott\u2019s legacy will forever be covered in blood,\u201d former congresswoman Gwen Graham said.
\u201cIf you can\u2019t buy a bottle of beer, you shouldn\u2019t be able to buy an AR-15,\ the senator said.
The indictment said the Russians conspired \u201cwith persons known and unknown,\u201d which could include Americans.
Democratic efforts to offset the lost state tax deductions are fraught with practical and political problems.
The president praises first responders and medical staff but leaves some questions unanswered.
\To give a thumbs-up like you just had a great dinner. No empathy. Disgusting. Go away.\
The high school massacre in Parkland has stirred up some sorrowful and angry citizens.
Let's not \jump to conclusions,\ the senator cautioned after the Parkland massacre.
Of 144 openings at three Trump properties, only a single American was hired, Vox reports.
\When you speak out of the White House this aggressive, violent language ... that\u2019s what you get,\ said Vicente Fox.
The mysterious trigger behind one Texan's mental collapse.
People are in no mood for empty rhetoric after the latest mass shooting.
And they also can't steal identities or open bank accounts with fake names.
Even though they've already been rebuked by the U.S. Supreme Court.
\As a faith leader my job is thoughts and prayers. It would be great if policy makers could do theirs.\
Lawmakers killed efforts to make the native scrub jay the state bird \u2013 simply because the state's top NRA lobbyist hated the creature.
The California senator made a powerful plea after the Florida school shooting.
Sorry not sorry.
The former presidential nominee and harsh Trump critic is slated to be the clear front-runner.
The White House forced Porter from his job, Rep. Claudia Tenney (R-N.Y.) pointed out. End of story.
His biggest fear
One person first thought Trump's tweet came from a parody account.
Here's what we know -- and, more importantly, what we don't.
Congress is scrambling to come up with an immigration deal, but the president says he won't compromise his demands.
A caller submitted a tip about \the potential of him conducting a school shooting.\
\u201cIf Ohio politicians wanted to proactively take a stance for people with disabilities, they should improve access to health care, education, or other services. This ban is just a thinly-veiled attempt to criminalize abortion in Ohio.\u201d
The 18-year-old age restriction to buy long guns, including assault-style rifles, is a vestige of a half-century-old law.
The special counsel\u2019s office also indicted three Russian entities on Friday, including a state-operated troll farm.
On Valentine's Day, he tweeted his support for ethnic cleansing.
The new requirements likely will cause many Medicaid beneficiaries to be removed from the rolls.
A member of the public once told the administrator he was \f**king up the environment.\
The president quietly signed the bill the week after two White House staffers resigned amid allegations of domestic violence.
Sen. Marco Rubio and Gov. Rick Scott have long fought against gun control legislation.
By law, they're hard to come by.
\u201cIs this a problem with the gun or the shooter?\
The measure followed warnings from U.S. intelligence officials that midterm races in November are likely to see renewed meddling from Russia and possibly other foreign adversaries.
\We are not powerless,\ the former president said.
Election officials have figured out how to keep voting lines down, but communities of color are still waiting longer to vote.
They put aside their political differences to share support for Colorado's athletes.
\u201cThe president was going to fire him last spring and I went to his defense,\u201d Grassley says of the attorney general, who wrote in opposition to a bipartisan bill.
\We are responsible for a level of mass atrocity that happens in this country with zero parallel anywhere else.\
He didn't use the word \gun\ once.
He also refused to answer many questions during a meeting with the House Intelligence Committee.
\I'd rather be on the ICE short list.\
\Nothing like blaming the classmates for their own murders. Well done!\ one user tweeted.
President Donald Trump's administration rejected multiple bipartisan proposals.
And a backlash is brewing. \u201cThere must be no room for hate at Hyatt hotels.\
\u201cIt\u2019s all part of Trump\u2019s attacks on marginalized communities,\u201d said an LGBTQ advocate.
The former congresswoman, who was wounded in 2011, tweets in the wake of the Florida shooting that \American voters must\ take action.
Once again, the president\u2019s own words undermine the legal defense of his travel ban.
\Absolutely unacceptable, if not offensive,\ said Sen. Cory Booker.
Environmentalists say the proposal would push imperiled creatures further toward extinction.
Meanwhile, the president has actually made it easier for people with mental health issues to buy guns.
Talk of fixing roads and bridges was upstaged by domestic abuse, a porn star,  mass murder -- and presidential bumbling.
This would \significantly undermine\ efforts to keep firearms out of dangerous hands, gun control advocates say.
Shaun King says district attorneys \u201care the gatekeepers of America\u2019s justice system.\u201d
Mass shooters are well aware that assault-style rifles are easy to obtain and capable of causing enormous casualties.
The details are disturbing. But they sharpen a reality we must confront.
They're calling out lawmakers for failing to act.
\u201cEverything is off now, and Stormy is going to tell her story,\u201d the former porn actress' manager said.
David J. Shulkin took his wife on the 10-day trip, copped free Wimbledon tickets and used an aide as \a personal travel concierge,\ an inspector general found.
The White House plan to scrap DACA isn\u2019t going well in federal court.
The Justice Department's watchdog, currently investigating the department's pre-election moves, would be forced to reduce staff under new Trump budget.
They insisted they're preoccupied with more weighty matters.
Karen Smith allegedly grabbed a student and lifted him up, before removing him from class.
A backlash to the president is helping the party pick up seats in state legislatures.
The president proposed billions in spending, but no one can agree on how to pay for it.
Everything is fine ... except your paycheck.
Are Republicans just running out the clock, or is there really no compromise for Dreamers?
Mark Meadows helped push John Boehner out. Is he planning something against Ryan?
\u201cHow in the hell was he still employed?\u201d chairman Trey Gowdy asked.
Some cities are trying to make bike sharing more accessible \u2014 and to combat its elite image. They\u2019re calling it bike equity.
The White House may be having a hard time finding someone for the job.
He said those who criticize him \just don't know me.\
The White House is not very serious about making food stamps like Blue Apron.
\u201cI am totally opposed to domestic violence of any kind,\ he said. \Everyone knows that, and it almost wouldn\u2019t even have to be said.\
The numbers are only rising a little bit, but the U.S. already spends quite a lot.
The attorney general said passing the reform legislation would be a \grave error\ and benefit a \highly dangerous cohort of criminals.\
\u201cWe have a president who can\u2019t make it through a ceremony honoring Native American war heroes without reducing native history... to the butt of a joke.\
\u201cIt would be highly irregular for something like this to happen.\
Our electoral districts have really weird shapes. Figuring out if they're gerrymandered takes some deeper digging.
\What would your father say about you spreading FAKE NEWS? SAD!\
She titled it \Forever Mine.\
He did not explain what the payment was for.
Sen. Joni Ernst (R-Iowa) is not pleased with the White House's handling of domestic abuse allegations against former aide Rob Porter.
Trump's surrogates say he supports abuse victims, but his tweets suggest otherwise.
The dog won't even get a chance to be in the hunt.
Trump's wife, Vanessa, went to the hospital complaining of nausea after opening the letter.
\u201cShe was a wake-up call to everyone who was concerned about the future of public education.\
Gov. Tom Wolf said the proposed map, created after the state Supreme Court invalidated the old one, was still unacceptably gerrymandered.
As Team USA racks up wins, the president has been unusually silent.
Official Rick Blood said it \was a bonehead thing to do,\ but \not racial.\
\u201cI encourage our folks not to get too hung up on ... the noise on TV and in social media,\ said Christopher Wray.
\u201cThere\u2019s no question of ability,\ says Gates. \It\u2019s the question of willingness.\u201d
The announcement from the secretary of state comes after two White House employees resigned amid to domestic abuse allegations.
\Trump has turned the clock back on the progress we\u2019ve made in this country.\
So, what's up with Jared Kushner?
Jessica Corbett says she suffered physical abuse from ex-husband David Sorensen, a White House speechwriter, the second staffer last week to resign over domestic violence allegations.
The GOP majority was evidently unprepared.
Concerns about domestic violence are divided across political and gender lines.
\I didn't tell anyone that a man living with us would come into my bedroom when I was asleep and lift my nightgown.\
\We would be begging for the days of Trump back if Pence became president.\
Kellyanne Conway said she's not worried about Porter's current girlfriend, White House communications director Hope Hicks, because she's \so strong.\
It\u2019s the first time in a decade state attorneys general have taken action together on an issue. Much of the credit goes to the Me Too movement.
It\u2019s not just about progressives practicing what they preach.
As a Senate aide in 2005, Andrew Wheeler went after state air pollution regulators for opposing his boss's bill.
The Trump administration continues to derail its story on its disastrous handling of domestic abuse allegations against the former staff secretary.
Christopher Wray said the FBI turned in a partial report about the domestic abuse accusations nearly a year ago.
A Democratic campaign committee has launched an investigation into the charges.
He just doesn't care.
The proposal is unlikely to get off the ground.
The predominance of corporate interests underscores the ongoing tension between the party's centrist and progressive wings.
The agency often cites unspecified security reasons for the premium bookings.
\The maximum pressure campaign is going to continue and intensify.\
The arrangements are in hopes of easing military tensions and taking steps toward a rare summit between the two countries.
After talking to New Jersey\u2019s compensation office, Edmonds received a blank application and started to fill it out. The application
He isn't so sure they're committed to seeking a solution with the Palestinians.
And sooner than you thought.
States say earmarks unclog the wheels of government. But what about wasteful spending?
But nobody in Washington is really worried about the deficit fairy.
The administration's proposal would fold DOJ's Community Relations Service office into the Civil Rights Division.
Obtaining congressional approval is \time consuming,\ the administration's infrastructure plan states. So the president wants to defer to his Interior Secretary.
The \u201cbig league\u201d president goes small on infrastructure.
The powder came to the Trumps' residence in the mail.
\The truth exists whether the president accepts it or not,\ Jennie Willoughby wrote of her abuse allegations.
They'll be on display with other presidential images at the National Portrait Gallery in Washington, D.C.
Republican women candidates are fighting for a voice.
Progress and setbacks on the road to curbing Dominion\u2019s influence.
Transgender students who are not allowed to use the bathroom that corresponds with their gender identity will not be receiving any help from federal officials.
Thomas Brunell had no management experience, but was being considered for the top operational role at the Census Bureau.
The proposal would allow more states to toll interstate highways.
Paul Nehlen superimposed a picture of Cheddar Man, an ancient Briton with dark skin, over Markle's face.
Does that technically count as a \u201cpromise kept\u201d?
\He just wasn't entitled to my silence any longer,\ the New York senator says of her response to the sexual misconduct allegations her fellow Democrat faced.
It's not clear whether any actually want to.
The Rubanka scheme would imperil women\u2019s financial security -- and put the Social Security system on a disastrous path.
Ok, then.
Rather wrote in a Facebook post that Trump, too, has been \u201ccredibly accused of assault.\
Trump said the memo must be \heavily redacted\ before it could be released.
Chief of Staff John Kelly and counsel Don McGahn are facing criticism for not dealing with abuse allegations earlier.
America First? Not so much.
The president, she says, believes \you have to consider all sides.\
\You guys are hilarious. Talk to me more about how millennials need participation trophies.\
The extra help unemployed people got during the Great Recession has emboldened states to mistreat them.
\I prefer Charmin but in a pinch Trump magazine would work!\
\Clearly, he has something to hide,\ Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi says.
State lawmakers are pushing legislation that would require candidates to be 18 -- old enough to at least vote for themselves.
\Their athletes are not exchanging ideas with other athletes in the Olympic Village or really participating.\
Speechwriter David Sorensen is accused of physically and emotionally abusing his former wife.
Where to begin?
\This is undoubtedly the most insipid excuse at fund raising I have ever seen.\
The House Intelligence Committee voted to release the Democrats' memo on Monday.
The agency previously planned to deport the father despite his child\u2019s leukemia.
He was granted a stay of deportation after filing a lawsuit.
Carroll, who currently serves as White House deputy chief of staff, must be confirmed by the Senate.
And Sen. Rand Paul's role in delaying it all.
The White House advised agencies to prepare for a shutdown as debate pushed past the midnight deadline.
While scandals in politics, entertainment and media have generated headlines, Sen. Patty Murray wants to shine a light on other workplaces.
The House and Senate both passed the measure hours after the funding deadline, but before federal workers were furloughed
\This is a White House that has repeatedly chosen the denials of men over the many corroborated stories of women.\
\I\u2019m drawing my line in the sand here.\
Jeannie Willoughby also tells CNN's Anderson Cooper that she's concerned about the former White House staffer's current relationship.
\Stop this conversation.\
The strategy of pairing Dreamer protections to government funding didn't work. So what's next?
Assemblywoman Cristina Garcia has been accused of sexually harassing and groping two men.
The White House chief of staff has come under fire for his handling of domestic abuse allegations against staff secretary Rob Porter.
Brand was next in line of succession to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein for oversight of Special Counsel Robert Mueller\u2019s probe.
He's still \lying and creating false scenarios,\ the director of \Confidence Man\ says.
Counsel Donald McGahn kept Porter on the job for his \steadying\ influence, The Washington Post reported.
\u201cI am not wasting a day standing and marching around in my freaking uniform so that somebody can get their rocks off,\u201d one Navy vet said.
The president made a point of reminding everyone that his outgoing aide has denied the charges of domestic violence.
\u201cGive me time to give my children a beautiful life.\u201d
The vice president didn't get a seat because he was late.
But then Trump weighs in.
\I just want to make it right,\ Barry said.
At least 15 states in the past five years have considered legalizing lane-splitting for motorcyclists, but only California has enacted legislation to do so.
A thousand dollars is a lot to a regular person, a small amount in the grand scheme of tax reform.
The GOP congressman spent lots of taxpayer money to settle a harassment lawsuit. He said he\u2019d pay us back. He hasn\u2019t.
A religious school is being sued after it punished alleged racist harassers with one-day suspensions.
\I don't know one woman that would be happy to get this as a present.\
Reminder
The FBI had warned that this was happening.
And where immigration stands.
Vladimir Putin is a \zero-sum\ kind of guy.
Holding individual lawmakers, and not the government, responsible for sexual harassment might lessen the incentive for legislatures to train and police their own.
White House adviser Kellyanne Conway appeared on \Fox & Friends\ to talk about the Super Bowl.
Failure to agree on spending led to a partial three-day shutdown of government agencies last month.
Democratic leaders are sending mixed messages on whether to oppose the budget deal.
The Department of Homeland Security has drafted proposed new rules making it harder for immigrants to get permanent residency if they have received certain public benefits.
Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) said that Republicans have previously blocked efforts to obtain information.
\u201cUnfortunately, we do not have a commander in chief, right now, as much as we have a wannabe banana republic strong man.\
The former White House aide previously starred on Trump's reality show \The Apprentice.\
Almost as many people enrolled in health insurance for this year as for 2017 -- despite Trump's sabotage campaign.
He has members of his own party to thank.
\u201cAn election corrupted by extensive, sophisticated gerrymandering and partisan dilution of votes is not \u2018free and equal,\u2019\ the opinion says.
As Congress dithers, undocumented young people are staying in Washington to urge lawmakers to help them.
Things are still pretty unclear.
The evidence against the state's resolution is damning. And real health crises may go unrecognized.
The decision could affect how future legislative districts are drawn.
\You can get the little plastic ones and lay them out on the table and say, \u2018Here you go,\u2019\u201d Smith suggested.
Last fall, the party vehemently pushed Democrats to return their donations from Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein, a major Democratic donor.
State legislators are \u201cendangering us and our children,\ one climate scientist says.
The Democrat says she won't support a budget deal until the House speaker commits to holding a vote for Dreamers.
Let's make a deal, but also, you pass it.
\The notion that the FBI is a bastion of liberalism ... is totally inconsistent with ... these bothersome things called the facts.\
And the U.S. is inadequately prepared to overcome this threat, warned the secretary of state.
Liberals and conservatives both hate a deal that doesn't even exist yet.
After seeing one in France.
The rogue state will be participating in this year's games.
Two senators announced bipartisan support for a select committee.
As Congress stares down yet another deadline, state leaders once again may have to decide whether to open their own wallets to protect their local tourism industries.
An appeals court recently upheld a similar amendment Tennessee passed in 2014.
Oregon's governor and House speaker are calling on State Sen. Jeff Kruse (R) to resign.
She persisted.
The Labor Department's controversial proposal is facing mounting criticism.
The White House chief of staff reportedly did not want Rob Porter to resign.
Fifty-five percent of all junk news traffic on Twitter can be linked to Trump supporters, researchers said.
He has denied the allegations brought forth by his two ex-wives.
Journalist Anna Quindlen is leading the search for Richards' replacement.
And it looks like he's going to get it.
\The Democrats just sat there.\
HUD secretary sets the scene for potential \lawlessness and anarchy.\
Democrats have dominated at the ballot box during Trump's time in office.
Or so his critics keep hoping.
Analyst Gregg Jarrett offers up a dubious allegation against the deputy attorney general. Could it provide Trump cover to end the Mueller probe?
It's not perfect, but reform advocates praised it as a good step forward.
The facilities could open as soon as this summer, city officials say.
The market matters, for the wrong reasons.
The list isn't Weiner's, and it's been online for over a year.
The White House chief of staff said the president's immigration framework was generous. But even some Republicans don't think it can work.
Andrew Wheeler's confirmation would be a testament to how extreme other nominees have been.
It's the latest in state GOP attacks on the court's integrity.
\Let's have a ball and build a wall!\ says a promo for the Montana event.
The wounded veteran bristles at the suggestion that not applauding him is \treasonous.\
\He made us better when we needed it the most,\ one former FBI colleague said.
Some of the president's attorneys are afraid he'd make a misstep.
Over inflation fears.
He defended his father by referencing his photos with \all the rappers.\
U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel will hear a case on Friday that could determine whether Trump can waive environmental laws for his wall.
The public deserves a full picture for \informed debate,\ the Times argues in its request.
\Irony is dead.\
Edwin Jackson wouldn't have been hit by a car if the U.S. didn't take in undocumented immigrants, he implied.
\Not for one second did I think people would believe that to be genuine,\ its creator said.
Critics worry the change will force patients to turn to more expensive providers, travel long distances for cheaper care
Americans who try to keep up with politics are split over how stressful that is.
Lawmakers in both parties have said they hope to avoid another government shutdown like the one that occurred after talks broke down last month.
In a quest to make a larger point about students\u2019 personal freedom, one Arizona mother pulled her son out of his school after
Trump's boasts are coming back to haunt him.
Maine voters resoundingly approved Medicaid expansion last year. Idaho, Nebraska and Utah could be next.
Representatives unanimously agreed to reform arcane sexual misconduct policies.
\u201cInoculate yourself with the word of God,\ says Gloria Copeland.
Judge Aaron Persky sentenced Turner to six months in jail for sexually assaulting an unconscious woman.
Janet Yellen's parting shot won't kill the greed.
Last week's memo only solidified the impression.
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.) wants the Justice Department to investigate why the serial predator wasn't stopped sooner.
A 2013 letter unearthed by Time magazine appears to undercut GOP claims of FBI bias against the president.
At a jobs event in Ohio, Trump went full campaign mode, delivering a speech aimed directly at his base.
A first for the city.
Abandon the notion of perfect security.
The offensive tweet suggested that Muslim-Americans want to eliminate the Super Bowl.
The senator wants legislation and a hearing to address pharmaceutical companies' role in the opioid epidemic.
Democrats have said the memo Republicans released last week alleging FBI bias against President Donald Trump is misleading.
The Almighty did appear on a billboard telling her not to run, though.
\Have we exhausted all the bully words in your head?\ one Twitter user asked.
Trump's new CFPB chief has not ordered subpoenas against Equifax or sought sworn testimony from executives. The CFPB has also shelved plans for on-the-ground tests of how Equifax protects data.
She says the future president kissed her without consent at work in 2005.
Legal experts saw the GOP appeal to the Supreme Court as a long shot.
The federal government is divided on whether the hemp CBD extract is legal.
Pennsylvania Supreme Court Justice Sallie Updyke Mundy was one of two justices who wanted to uphold the state's congressional map.
Nunes suggested that Donald Trump had never met with George Papadopoulos. There's a photo of them sitting at the same table.
The Holocaust denier has no primary opponents.
It's the second year in a row the president has hosted a watch party for the game at his Florida golf club.
People significantly overestimate the number of African-Americans benefiting from the largest programs.
We are not making this up.
This time the issue is funding for community clinics -- which, in theory, everybody supports.
Serious shade from the former secretary of state and Georgetown professor.
Kathleen Hartnett-White's views on fossil fuels and pollution proved too extreme for even some Republicans.
Both Democrats and Republicans called Rep. Jeanne Ives' gubernatorial campaign ad \bigoted\ and \homophobic.\
Rep. Trey Gowdy, who helped draft the memo critical of a part of the investigation, says \there's going to be a Russia probe.\
\u201cThere is a little bit of sweet revenge in it for me and certainly probably the family,\ he said.
It's the latest step in Republicans\u2019 war not to redraw a very partisan congressional map.
Not exactly a winning sales pitch.
\u201cThe work you do is what will endure,\u201d he says after release of the GOP memo.
State Assemblyman Travis Allen and several other lawmakers were warned, newly released records show.
The former FBI director says classified information was \inexcusably exposed\ in a \dishonest\ and \misleading\ memo.
Rep. Devin Nunes and the GOP were flamed on Twitter over the much-anticipated reveal that wasn't such a big deal.
The anti-ISIS strategy designed by the Obama administration secured big wins under President Donald Trump. Now it's about to backfire.
This was the plan all along.
\We have the unprecedented situation of one of the major political parties ... backing the president in showing and believing that he is above the law.\u201d
Steve Kopec knows \customer service\ and \team building,\ says his boss.
The party's rebuttal this week to the president's State of the Union address ignored what should be a progressive core issue for the party.
Douglas Haig allegedly met shooter Stephen Paddock multiple times.
This comes at a time when there\u2019s only one Ph.D. scientist in Congress.
That kind of hysteria just feeds off \u201cthis anti-Muslim, white supremacist type of narrative,\u201d CAIR said.
Marie Newman's campaign against Rep. Dan Lipinski (D-Ill.) is getting a big boost from EMILY's List.
They're all Republicans.
The policy was drafted through a \secretive process,\ Sen. Liz Krueger said.
\u201cFor so many folks in our communities, these matters are life and death... We are hoping that our legislators will understand that too.\
The speech was seen as focusing largely on immigration and the economy.
Much of the memo\u2019s contents were already public information.
The party of morality and law has become the party of defending accused sexual predators and attacking law enforcement.
Despite the distraction, the memo shows no \deep state\ plot to elect Hillary Clinton.
Fox News obtaining \exclusive first excerpts\ demonstrates that the release of the memo was never about transparency, only about politics.
Unity!
This is probably not the answer she was looking for.
Judge Mark Walker blasted the state's process, with its \substantial risk of arbitrary and discriminatory vote-restoration,\ as \worse than a coin flip.\
Many of them are actually Republicans.
\Not a lot of schools or streets named for Joe McCarthy,\ the ex-FBI director said.
\u201cAfrican-American unemployment stands at the lowest rate ever recorded,\u201d the president said to applause.
The nonprofit offers to put the president in touch with federal scientists who know what's going on.
President Donald Trump ordered the release of the memo despite protests from the FBI and Democrats.
Savvy bots have been snatching tickets from would-be concertgoers. Lawmakers have taken action to ban bots, but the laws are seldom enforced.
The Arizona senator blasted the memo, which President Donald Trump declassified against the wishes of the intelligence community.
Matthew Heimbach, head of the Traditionalist Worker Party, has been called \the next David Duke.\
What it's really all about for the speaker of the House.
No. The \highest number in history\ did not watch his State of the Union speech.
Which Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) warned could cause a \u201cconstitutional crisis.\
The Department of Homeland Security extended temporary protected status for Syrians, but won't allow people who came after August 2016 to apply.
In light of security concerns, states moved to paper ballots. Now voters with disabilities are losing access.
This article originally appeared at TomDispatch.com. To receive TomDispatch in your inbox three times a week, click here
Trump said they would either have something that is \u201cfair and equitable and secure, or we\u2019ll have nothing at all.\u201d
Thomas Homan also lashed out against a standalone Dream Act and sanctuary cities this week.
The Democrat blames House Speaker Paul Ryan for allowing Republicans to carry out a \conspiracy theory.\
The school will take back honorary degrees and strip Wynn's name from a campus plaza.
Democrats have called the four-page memo misleading.
\Bernie clapping like Slytherin just won the house cup.\
\u201cAfter that I said, 'Oh, make sure that\u2019s in the [tax] bill,'\ he said.
This time, it's all about State of the Union viewing figures.
His \deliberately dishonest actions make him unfit to serve\ as House Intelligence Committee chair, Pelosi said.
A former legal spokesman is expected to say that the White House communications director gave assurances to Trump.
Under Massachusetts law, anyone found with one of the devices will face prosecution.
This typo might be the junior Trump's \covfefe.\
A new report from the Anti-Defamation League found a 258 percent increase in white supremacist propaganda on college campuses between 2016 and 2017.
The Senate candidate talked to an anti-Semitic publication for the fifth time last month. He wouldn't condemn it for calling the Holocaust a \hoax.\
Students often get only a superficial view of the atrocity that built the country, a new study finds.
*If you have 20 years on the job, that is.
Democrats are questioning the eligibility of progressive underdog Abdul El-Sayed, who would be the first Muslim state leader in the U.S.
As male lawmakers resign amid sexual misconduct scandals, women are looking to take their places.
From immigration to climate change.
But tomorrow is a new day, and his neglected Twitter feed awaits.
The speech touches on immigration, the economy and national security.
The move echoed a similar fashion statement made at the Golden Globe Awards to highlight victims of sexual harassment and assault.
Fiscal conservatism takes a hit.
He's got no ideas, and he's shown no interest in developing any.
\u201cSince we passed tax cuts, roughly 3 million workers have already gotten tax cut bonuses \u2015 many of them thousands of dollars per worker,\u201d Trump said.
Twenty-one women have accused the president of sexual misconduct.
People are feeling good about the economy but not much else.
The decision follows a hung jury last year and an acquittal on other charges last week.
Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) was the only one to bring up global warming after the second-hottest year on record.
His grand vision of an Eisenhower-style revitalization appears to be anything but.
There was no justice, no recourse for her aunt, who stood up anyway. Her quiet presence at the State of the Union address will speak volumes today.
The federal agency leads the national fight against smoking.
Sports betting bills have been filed in some 20 states, ranging from ones detailing exactly how the sports betting would
\u201cPast experience has taught us that complacency and concessions only invite aggression.\
The president hasn't really done anything on trade.
The ambassador's job has been vacant for more than a year.
The president maintains he didn't just build on Obama's strategy. Don't fall for it.
The president did not mention investigations into Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. election or Russian meddling in Ukraine and Syria.
Justice Department officials have issued warnings on the potential dangers of making the classified information public.
The House Oversight Committee chairman said he wants to return to his law career.
OK.
\u201cI think that this country has become cruel,\ the \Jimmy Kimmel Live\ host said.
One person from the garbage truck was pronounced dead.
Members didn\u2019t clap. They didn\u2019t emote. They sat there and gave Trump a blank stare.
The most important part of Trump\u2019s State of the Union address is what he didn\u2019t say.
\The Progressive Policy Institute has a history of bending over backwards to do whatever large phone and cable companies ask it to do,\ one critic said.
Rep. Matt Gaetz of Florida gave a SOTU ticket to a conspiracy theorist blogger who claims the president as a reader.
Joseph Scarnati refused to comply because he said he considered a ruling from the Pennsylvania Supreme Court to be unconstitutional.
People got way too excited about Amazon, Berkshire Hathaway and JPMorgan's new health care venture.
One Democratic candidate in opioid-ravaged Ohio clocked Trump's remarks and said it's clear the president \has no plan.\
The president used the speech to take a thinly veiled shot at NFL players who have protested during the national anthem.
Views on the Trump/Russia investigation remain sharply drawn along partisan lines.
The Trump administration has pledged to address the National Park Service's $12 billion maintenance backlog.
The bureau says the memo Republicans have used to undermine Mueller has \u201cmaterial omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo\u2019s accuracy.\
Activists want to put a human face on public assistance.
\You have to conclude he just doesn\u2019t care and probably thinks of Puerto Rico as just another shithole country.\u201d
\No one leaves their home frivolously and everyone deserves a chance at what we were lucky enough to be born into.\
Republicans have accused Peter Strzok, who previously worked on special counsel Robert Mueller's Russia investigation, of being anti-Trump.
\We have ended the war on American energy, and we have ended the war on beautiful, clean coal.\
The president had said he would keep Gitmo open and \load it up with some bad dudes.\
The president framed immigration as a violent threat.
\San Francisco is once again taking the lead to undo the damage that this country\u2019s disastrous, failed drug war has had on our nation.\
Trump's travel ban would have prevented Ji Seong-ho's fellow North Koreans from attending Tuesday's State of the Union speech.
Trump\u2019s statement \u201cserves the goal of politicizing the career ranks,\ said former U.S. ethics chief Walter Shaub.
Freudian slip, perhaps?
\u201cThe short answer is this
\Why is Trump clapping for himself? It's almost like he's a narcissist or something.\
The Vermont senator\u2019s response to the State of the Union was long, fiery and surprisingly optimistic.
The Massachusetts Democrat responded to the State of the Union speech with a call for policies that help all Americans.
We mean their faces.
\u201cLook, I think if Americans cared what celebrities thought, then Hillary Clinton would be president.\
The agency defied a request from the House Judiciary Commitee to review his case.
The administration seemed to be moving forward with the requests \u2014 until Donald Trump surprised everyone by stepping in.
The EPA administrator said Tuesday that he doesn't recall making such comments.
The city gave students a safe place to discuss issues of gender and sexuality.
Nearly 30 Democratic lawmakers have invited Dreamers to Trump's first State of the Union address.
Members of Congress pushed for new sanctions to punish Moscow for interference in the election.
This is the same RNC that aggressively went after Democrats to return Harvey Weinstein's contributions.
\u201cThere is no need to hurry\ to redraw those congressional districts, they said.
What a nice guy.
He outlined his goals for the coming year.
Jess O\u2019Connell will leave as CEO of Democratic Party headquarters after less than a year.
And the State of the Union is tonight.
The military also classified, for the first time since 2009, the actual and authorized total troop numbers and attrition rate for the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces.
At a Maryland circuit court in this Washington, D.C., suburb, the 19-year-old from Honduras told the magistrate his story
Rep. Frederica Wilson (D-Fla.) says Trump will not \be honored with my presence.\
Virginia Del. Elizabeth Guzman (D) represents the new, more progressive face of the Democratic Party.
\This happened so fast,\ Virginia Del. Elizabeth Guzman (D) said.
Even Republicans understand that Trump\u2019s State of the Union message probably won't survive a few news cycles.
\I can\u2019t say anything good has come from his presidency, other than the fact that America is still standing and we haven\u2019t completely burned down.\
This article originally appeared at TomDispatch.com. To receive TomDispatch in your inbox three times a week, click here
\u201cHow a serial predator like Dr. Nassar could have preyed on so many young girls for a long time in such a flagrant fashion is appalling.\
He, of course, lost the next election.
The speaker of the House implored Republicans not to broadly disparage law enforcement or undermine an ongoing criminal investigation.
\u201cBut I am confident that America will be able to have a free and fair election.\
Seven states still have laws that specifically target gay students.
\Mike Huckabee seems intent on trying to one-up Trump in bad behavior.\
President Trump doesn't drink, but you may want to.
Major firms tout small perks for workers while funneling huge payouts to shareholders.
The memo's release is part of a sustained GOP attack on investigations into Trump and Russia.
The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations doesn't want politics in her music.
Tens of thousands have already signed up for the demonstrations on Facebook.
\u201cI think we need to have a standard that says that if a credible allegation comes, we need to take it absolutely seriously,\ the former Donald Trump aide said.
He was an ally of former FBI Director James Comey, and has been at the center of some of the bureau's biggest cases in recent years.
The casino mogul has been accused of a decades-long pattern of sexual harassment and misconduct.
And about that Hillary Clinton cameo.
\u201cBecause one more victim is too much,\ said one advocate accompanying a congresswoman to the event.
Another Republican calls it quits.
\u201cBut I am very busy during the day, very long hours. I am busy.\
Spell check before you print? Yeah, that's the ticket.
Left out will be people not covered by employer-sponsored insurance and with incomes too high to qualify for Medicaid or
Despite plastic bag bans in places like California showing signs of success, a growing number of states are enacting prohibitions
The GOP tried to pressure vulnerable Democrats into supporting it.
And no one says \global warming\ anymore because it\u2019s \getting too cold all over,\ he told Piers Morgan.
... and the right-wing bureaucrats Trump installed in D.C. might agree with him.
The U.S. took in Asian refugees after the Vietnam War, only to put many on a deportation path. A record number could be fed into this system in 2018.
The Republican senator did not disclose details about the accusations per \the wishes of those victimized.\
Automated accounts were also responsible for 5 percent of Democrat-damaging tweets on  #PodestaEmails, says Twitter.
The plane can store more than 3,000 meals.
Sen. Susan Collins also noted that Trump can't directly fire the special counsel.
They also expressed concerns about political bias within the Justice Department.
The Maine GOP senator previously said in she saw no need of such legislation.
The money should be returned if sexual misconduct allegations \have merit,\ Graham says.
In an interview with Piers Morgan set to air Sunday, Trump calls the initial U.S. decision to lift a ban on trophy imports \u201cterrible.\u201d
The spokeswoman rips \salacious\ speculation after the first lady skipped a planned trip to Davos with her husband.
Trump supporters working to undermine the Mueller investigation are saying things about the FBI you don't typically hear from Republicans.
Accessories for an accessory?
This should be good.
The editor in charge of the paper's Sunday edition was also suspended.
\This is truly bizarre.\
William Ruckelshaus, the first and fifth EPA administrator, has been a fierce critic of Scott Pruitt.
\I can finally say happy new year again!\
Regulators start to pump the brakes on Big Tech's advertising dystopia.
Another West Coast state moves to protect undocumented immigrants.
The New York financiers\u2019 donations to climate misinformation think tanks are finally attracting the scrutiny long reserved for the Koch brothers and Exxon Mobil.
The Campaign for Accountability says the leak was meant to punish the firm that produced the Trump Russian dossier.
James Reilly, 63, has been tapped for director of the U.S. Geological Survey.
Clinton's 2008 campaign manager apparently advised the candidate to fire Burns Strider, but she didn't.
He's expected to speak in defense of working Americans.
Advocates of the initial ban said it would prioritize religious minorities, but even their numbers have dropped drastically.
But backed down after the White House counsel threatened to resign.
But The New York Times reports that Trump tried to fire the special counsel in June.
Congress approved a law implementing the trade deal, and it is unclear whether Trump can unilaterally undo that.
Rebekah Mercer\u2019s growing support for climate change denial movements threatens the storied museum\u2019s credibility, the scientists say.
That sounds good for special counsel Robert Mueller and bad for the president\u2019s lawyers.
More than 62,000 Americans said they would attend the events.
But only if Congress agrees.
GOP politicians have been questioning the integrity of the nation's premier law enforcement agency in an effort to undermine the Mueller probe.
\u201cHere\u2019s what\u2019s fair. If you\u2019re telling me they\u2019re horrible, racist people I would certainly apologize, if you\u2019d like me to do that,\ Trump told Piers Morgan.
McKinsey estimates that over the next decade or so, one third of all workers in Germany and the U.S. may need to find work in new occupations.
Capitol Hill lawmakers want to find out how much sports officials knew about Nassar and other accused sexual predators.
To start, the party organ is buying $224,000 worth of TV ads.
The artist of the piece says, \Everything seems absurd until we die and then it makes sense.\u201d
\Men and women are different and gender-bending word games by a goofy nest of drugstore academics aren't going to change anything.\
The president dismissed reports that he ordered the firing of Special Counsel Robert Mueller as \u201cfake news.\u201d
In a letter to his campaign chairman, the Pennsylvania congressman regretted calling a former aide his \soul mate.\
The president has denied that he plans to remove the special counsel from the Russia probe.
Patton attacked April Ryan on Twitter, before later deleting the offending tweet and apologizing.
The president and Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke have both said they are against transferring control to states.
The White House will present a full proposal on Monday.
The White House also said it would release an immigration framework on Monday.
A movement to cut and restrict welfare programs is being driven by the conversation at the federal level. But in the coming
His lawyer's not so enthusiastic.
Eugene Ludwig made a fortune on the revolving door between Wall Street and Washington. He's about to get even more.
People accused the city's Board of Supervisors of racism and sexism in choosing the interim mayor.
State law required Kobach's office to disclose forms with the information. But he went a step further and put them on the internet.
In his final State of the State address, Gov. Brown took aim at Trump's failed leadership.
The administration's \u201ctrue motive\ for canceling protection for Haitians in the U.S. \reflects racial discrimination,\u201d the federal suit says.
Inequality remains at or near record highs.
\u201cPrivate insurance companies are failing the American people,\u201d the senator said on Thursday.
Sweet biscuits of mercy -- it's Sen. John Neely Kennedy.
State and Local Impact One of the most contentious battles likely will be fought over the FCC\u2019s decision to prohibit state
After graduating college, the only other job Taylor Weyeneth had was working on Trump's presidential campaign.
A zany search for Anglin roped in process servers, raffish locals and lurking TV journalists.
The backstory to the message  that\u2019s been blowing up conservative media is pretty funny.
Daniels was reportedly paid $130,000 to stay silent on an alleged 2006 affair with the president.
The Oval Office meeting left McCabe feeling \disturbed,\ according to reports.
The Vermont senator delighted in circumventing the television networks.
She's led the organization through multiple political fights since 2006.
\u201cI believe that the people who shot and killed Bijan should be held accountable. Doesn\u2019t matter if they are police officers or civilians.\
Vicente Fox isn't mincing his words.
The federal lawsuit is the latest challenge to money bail systems that often jail poor defendants for days or weeks before trial.
\This is a president who is just getting to know people, and that\u2019s part of those conversations,\u201d said Ronna Romney McDaniel.
The head of a watchdog group called it \u201cone of the most grotesque abuses of power that has occurred in Wisconsin in its history.\u201d
Judge Tanya S. Chutkan ordered the U.S. government to provide 72 hours of notice before transferring the detainee, who is being detained in Iraq.
Leaving Andrew McCabe, now the bureau\u2019s deputy director, feeling \u201cdisturbed.\u201d
\The risks of fracking to our health and to our environment are real,\ state Attorney General Xavier Becerra says.
The special counsel's team has reportedly interviewed the CIA director, the NSA director, and the Director of National Intelligence.
And what they don't know.
They argue Administrator Scott Pruitt\u2019s purge of independent advisers was unlawful and unprecedented.
\u201cI would do it under oath, absolutely.\u201d
The first lady has kept a low profile since the Stormy Daniels allegations.
After a wave of first-time female candidates in 2017, we followed up with some to see where they landed.
He told her that she was his \soul mate.\
Michael Brennan apparently has not read any of the data on this, ever.
Stateline home page Sign up for exclusive state policy reporting and research Statute of Limitations At least eight states
Messages between two FBI employees show they recoiled at the idea of using government power against anti-Clinton forces.
Leah Phifer was furloughed in 2013, and now she wants to help stop the dysfunction.
The state has some of the country's harshest laws disenfranchising felons. That could change in November.
Frank Wuco, who used to role-play as a fictional \jihadist\ during his work as a security consultant, has a long history of anti-Muslim animus.
And the government has reopened ... for now.
The payment \should have been reported\ because it was used to influence the election, says Common Cause.
At Davos, there is much talk of Donald Trump.
They've flipped far more seats than Republicans have in the past year.
Sessions is the first known member of Trump\u2019s Cabinet to have been interviewed.
Some polls show ratings rising for the legislation, while others suggest less of a shift.
\u201cNo one thought we would get here, but we\u2019re here,\ Desmond Meade said.
The Senate Majority Leader said he intended to allow a vote on DACA and \related issues\ next month. But some believe his pledge was hollow.
\Nicely Symbolic.\
In a few months, the Iraq War veteran is expected to become the first U.S. senator to give birth while in office.
She was reportedly visiting family in Florida.
Simona Mangiante is engaged to George Papadopoulos, and they've both cooperated with special counsel Robert Mueller's probe.
The shutdown was effectively over after Trump signed the funding deal late Monday.
Taylor Weyeneth was fired from a law firm in 2015 for not showing up to work.
The government could be up and running again soon.
\u201cThanks to the president\u2019s leadership, the alliance between our two countries has never been stronger.\
It's not really a cave if you're just continuing the fight.
The solar industry created 1 in every 50 new American jobs in 2016.
\As long as Stephen Miller is in charge of negotiating immigration, we're going nowhere.\
\Follow the money,\ Rep. Ted Lieu said of the National Rifle Association's pro-Trump efforts.
For years, advocates have called victims of domestic violence part of the country\u2019s \u201chidden homeless.\u201d But now, for the first
The GOP slogan is now the top trending hashtag being promoted by Russian influence operators on Twitter.
Many politicians said they wouldn't vote for government funding without protections for undocumented young people, then did it anyway.
Federal workers are being forced to go without pay.
Expect More Lawsuits States\u2019 first line of defense against unwanted federal policy is litigation. And since Trump took office
The shutdown is now extending into the work week, and the effects will be far more visible.
The Senate is set to vote Monday on a three-week funding bill to reopen the government, but it's not clear if it can pass.
Maybe what he really wants is to attack Democrats about not having a wall.
The New York senator is \even worse\ than President Donald Trump, one group said.
\If you live in an information cocoon, you will believe many things that are false.\
Republicans had consistently received a 13-5 advantage in the state's congressional delegation since 2012.
\u201cEvery woman of my vintage knows what sexual harassment is, although we didn\u2019t have a name for it,\u201d Ginsburg said.
\u201cI know what\u2019s in the president\u2019s heart,\ Pence said of Trump's denigrating Haiti and African countries.
A \men's rights\ bash in NYC had far-right fixtures whining about \lower classes,\ women and \brown people.\ For some reason, Chelsea Manning was there.
The Supreme Court justice finally says what we've all been waiting for.
Vermont became the ninth state to legalize weed and the first to do it through legislation. But don't expect recreational cannabis sales any time soon.
A homeless rapper's simple graffiti message has become Washington's \street art anthem.\
\u201cWe are moving in the right direction,\u201d GOP Senator Johnny Isakson said.
A lawmaker tasked with addressing sexual harassment in Congress secretly settled his own harassment claim.
He also said no one could accuse Trump of wanting a shutdown. But Trump previously indicated a shutdown could be a good thing for him politicially.
By 7 p.m. Saturday, both the Senate and the House resigned themselves to failure and agreed to resume work on Sunday.
White House legislative affairs director Marc Short then defended it, saying the message is on point.
\u201cI\u2019m not gonna share my thinking with you before I even talk to my wife.\
Trump suggested GOP senators use their majority to override their Democratic colleagues.
The American Forces Network has been deemed essential so that those deployed can take in the conference championships.
The president tweeted that a way to end the shutdown would be to simply change the Senate procedures.
Democrats just want to sabotage his dad, Eric Trump told Fox News.
A couple of thorns in the side of President Donald Trump are still up and operating.
The president is supposed to be negotiating with Democrats, but instead he's tying them to immigrants who've committed violent crimes.
It's not looking good, though.
\There\u2019s a lot more rage and a lot more anger in this march.\
The senator and Iraq War veteran lambasted \Cadet Bone Spurs\ Trump in a fiery speech on the Senate floor Saturday.
That's peanuts compared with what the Koch brothers will save.
Bull-necked goons, stuntman driving
The retired doctor has maintained that the fight was about yard waste, not politics.
It's the first shutdown of the U.S. government since 2013.
Previous shutdowns hampered city services, and local leaders have decided that's pretty stupid.
We could be here for a minute.
\The days of the newsroom passively standing by while management did whatever they wanted are over.\
\This is the One Year Anniversary of my Presidency and the Democrats wanted to give me a nice present,\ the president tweeted.
With a handful in each party crossing the aisle, the vote fell short of the 60 needed.
Members of the racist Traditionalist Worker Party say they're going to join anti-abortion activists in Knoxville on Sunday.
The border wall is a sticking point for some, but not others.
The former reality television star successfully made himself the center of attention \u2013 but probably not in the way he and his supporters had hoped.
More than 677,000 people in the U.S. interacted with Russian propaganda in the 10 weeks prior to the 2016 vote.
What the polls so far tell us about the impending shutdown blame game.
\We will no longer accept politicians who are all talk and no action,\ he proclaimed at his inauguration.
He promised to defend \forgotten Americans.\ Then he forgot them.
On the anniversary of his inauguration, most Americans disapprove of the president's performance.
Lost wages, canceled vacations, and dampened consumer confidence all make government shutdowns the ultimate own goal.
Former Interior Department officials warn the move endangers both visitors and America's priceless resources.
He didn't tell the public until 15 minutes later, because his staff handles his social media, a spokeswoman said.
\Executive Time for everyone.\
Happy anniversary, Mr. President.
Republicans argue it's not that urgent to find a fix. But their claims that nothing happens until March aren't true.
President says it's \wrong\ that laws allow babies to be born in the ninth month.
\These have been the worst seven years of my life.\
Women's health workers are already seeing the impact of Trump's policies.
#ReleaseTheMemo is the latest way Republicans on Capitol Hill are trying to undermine the Mueller probe.
Former EPA chiefs reflect on policy changes, budget cuts and staffing issues under Pruitt.
The bank is prepared to turn over documents to special counsel Robert Mueller, says a German business magazine.
The State Department will move to retrofit an existing building, rather than construct an entirely new one.
The government said in a court filing it wants a federal judge in New Jersey to set the \u201cearliest possible date\u201d for a retrial.
A spokeswoman for Secretary Ryan Zinke accused the volunteer body of turning a blind eye on sexual harassment \u2014 without providing any evidence.
The U.S Justice Department asked the court to overturn a lower ruling that blocked Trump's move to end the program.
The Homeland Security Department's agency watchdog called the actions \u201ctroubling.\
\It is not a formal action,\ a key Interior Department official said of Zinke's announcement.
How a shutdown would affect everything from parks to passport offices.
Federal workers say they've received little to no guidance on what to do.
Trump's Jan. 11 outburst played a key role.
\Vladimir Putin is not in favor of universal gun ownership for Russians. And so it's all a big charade, basically,\ Glenn Simpson said.
There are some compromises that young undocumented activists and Democrats say they won't make when crafting an immigration deal.
Buckle up, this could be a late night.
In Touch published its full 2011 interview with the porn star, and boy, is it entertaining.
Former New Jersey governor apparently has to wait in line now like everyone else.
Jorge Garcia was forced to return to Mexico this week after living in the U.S. for 30 years.
The Children's Health Insurance Program could start running out of money Friday.
The administration justified the move by saying it wants to give states more control over their Medicaid programs.
We can actually lower crime and incarceration rates at the same time, according to a new Pew report.
The New York Times' Maggie Haberman called the first daughter the \spitting image\ of Donald Trump.
The president has spent about one-third of his first year at properties that bear his name.
Make sibling relations great again.
Xavier Becerra's warning follows a report of possible San Francisco sweeps by feds.
Basic governance may yet elude Republicans.
The National Defense Strategy has included climate change as a threat since 2008.
Hear us out.
Rep. Scott Perry (R-Pa.) said he has \credible evidence\ of a terrorist link.
\Go back to your Muslim shithole and go crap in your hands and bang little boys on Thursday nights,\ he once said.
Salvadoran immigrants who have long filled D.C.'s service jobs will soon lose their protected status.
Are Andrew Anglin and his attorney using a federal case as a soapbox for extremism?
She joins four other Democrats who have filed to run in the race.
A windfall from the new federal tax law gives many states the flexibility to comprehensively rewrite their own tax codes
The senator also argued that Trump isn't racist \u2014 he just wants to be liked.
And lawmakers don't really know how exactly to stop it.
But Trump denied reports he was softening his stance.
Introducing two new sections.
\We must come together and stand with all of our communities, for none of us are free until all of us are free.\u201d
When asked if he'd be willing to be interviewed for the probe, Trump was noncommittal.
The Justice Department is prosecuting more people who come to the United States looking for protection, according to a report released Thursday.
The former president saw especially broad positive shifts on immigration and the culture of Washington.
Federal courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court, have blocked North Carolina's congressional and legislative district maps.
The president, it evidently needs to be said, is not a professional athlete.
A lower court said GOP lawmakers had drawn a map benefiting their party so much that it violated the Constitution.
Even George W. Bush was more popular.
Trump was reportedly angry that John Kelly told congressional Democrats that Trump's views on his signature border wall had been \uninformed.\
A new report uses misleading data to link immigrants with gender-based crimes.
National parks could close, but essential operations like air traffic control continue.
Democrat Conor Lamb is hoping for victory in a union-heavy district that Trump won by 20 points.
That didn't get the reaction he was hoping for.
Whoops.
Glenn Simpson was questioned as part of an investigation into Russian election interference.
\Exhibit A
In his first year, Trump has wielded culture with sound and fury, marking a major shift in how U.S. democracy works.
The Oakland mayor said she\u2019d go to jail to defend her city\u2019s sanctuary policies.
Many Democrats want protections for undocumented immigrants to be part of a must-pass government funding bill. But will enough of them hold firm?
Thomas Farr, Trump's nominee to a federal court seat, defended North Carolina's voter suppression law and racially discriminatory gerrymandering.
But 59 other #J20 protesters will face trial.
But a federal judge rejected the request from the men, who allegedly plotted to use car bombs to kill Somali refugees around the time of the 2016 election.
\u201cThey look at all of this stuff, and they go, \u2018These people \u2015 they\u2019re 13-year-olds,\u2019\u201d said a Louisiana Republican.
House conservatives could throw the government into chaos.
\u201cI stand by every word I said. The difference is, I\u2019m right,\ the Republican senator says.
The former White House adviser wouldn't open up to Congress, but he'll reportedly \answer any questions\ the special counsel asks.
\They're new, you've probably never heard of them.\
The lawmaker from Washington state says the president \is fueling the flames of divisiveness across our country.\u201d
In almost every state and the District of Columbia, the minors who appear in the roughly one million juvenile court cases
Interior Department spokeswoman Heather Swift said she expected \nothing less\ than members who turned a blind eye to sexual harassment.
Bannon invoked executive privilege, Rep. Adam Schiff said.
The plan to hire the automaker to overhaul internal practices at an agency that regulates it drew fire from former EPA officials and watchdog groups.
In Wisconsin, Democrat Patty Schachtner won a state Senate race in a district that Donald Trump handily won in 2016.
Federal regulations currently make it risky for banks to provide services to cannabis businesses.
Trump\u2019s White House doctor spent an hour taking questions Tuesday about the president\u2019s \excellent\ health.
The justices struggled during oral arguments to determine what a fix could look like, especially with the midterm elections coming up this year.
Coretta Scott King wrote a letter in 1986 urging Congress to block Sessions' judicial nomination.
\u201cA free press is the despot\u2019s enemy, which makes the free press a guardian of democracy,\ the Arizona Republican senator said on the Senate floor.
Including CHIP.
The president said Russia is helping North Korea evade sanctions.
\u201cApart from Mar-a-Lago, I think we got everything Florida\u2019s got,\u201d Brian Frosh said of Maryland.
Nine members of the citizen board are reportedly leaving because the Interior secretary has refused meetings and discussions.
Bonuses are well and good, but the goal was wage gains over the long term.
\u201cThis is our own form of nonviolent resistance.\u201d
Donald Trump won the 10th Senate District in Wisconsin handily in 2016.
\That's all he cares about.\
A former Heartland Institute director faced charges for violating a female subordinate\u2019s restraining order. An official at the think tank came to his defense.
The Florida congressman called conditions in Haiti \disgusting.\
In Touch magazine discloses the interview days after a report that Trump's legal team paid the actress to keep quiet.
\u201cThis is no time for business as usual,\u201d said one rabbi who was among those arrested Wednesday.
It's the last truly pure thing online.
The legal battle against the Federal Communications Commission has just begun.
And right-wing extremists killed more than twice as many people as Islamic extremists.
Let's flush this straw man down the ... whatever you wanna call it.
Lawyers fighting the president\u2019s policies in court love it when he speaks off the cuff.
\I bet he can't wait for 6th grade to start.\
You can't make this up.
The state Supreme Court could order new congressional maps before the end of the month.
Gary Lee's first public tweets win wide attention contrasting his former boss with the current president.
The young woman's case is the fourth of it kind in recent months.
There\u2019s an old line that the definition of a liberal is someone who won\u2019t take their own side in an argument. The line certainly
First published on The Boston Globe. Why do pro-Trump conservatives ignore his transcendent unfitness? Because he is creating
A 9th U.S. Circuit Court last week blocked Trump's move to end the program for Dreamers.
The cuts come at a time when many rural hospitals already are struggling to keep their doors open. By Michael Ollove \u00a0 A
Or how to build a wall and lose an empire.
The probe will provide a report for improving preparedness within 60 days.
And Trump's DACA comments.
Bannon was also subpoenaed last week by special counsel Robert Mueller to appear before a grand jury.
\This has turned into a s-show,\ Sen. Lindsey Graham said during a Senate hearing.
Jerry Chun Shing Lee was arrested at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York.
The two are not mutually exclusive, Sarah.
The president reportedly said last week that he didn\u2019t want immigrants from certain nations.
White House doctor Ronny Jackson really, really wants everyone to know Trump's \stamina\ is \impressive.\
America still sees itself as a nation of immigrants.
Pastor Maurice Watson asserted that whoever said such \dehumanizing\ remarks \ought to be held accountable.\u201d
Previously, Joseph Kopser's Facebook event invitation copied language from a Democratic opponent.
It's reliable but may not reveal \subtle cognitive decline.\
The Democratic senator is skeptical that Kirstjen Nielsen doesn't remember the president calling Africa a \shithole.\
Exclusive
It's only one of the whitest countries in the world. Coincidentally, it's also where Trump prefers immigrants come from.
This week the nation celebrates Martin Luther King, Jr. Day. If he hadn\u2019t been murdered, he would be 89 years old. How would
The president had no public events scheduled on Monday.
Newspaper just wanted a FAKE NEWS story, president tweets.
Jo Marney said Markle would \taint\ the royal family.
The president was spending MLK Jr. Day at his golf resort.
Now that the president of the United States appears to have become unhinged to the point of personal despair, everyone appears
Norway, like the U.S., is currently facing a serious backlash against immigration.
Six years ago, I was diagnosed with cancer. I had just finished graduate school three weeks earlier and was preparing to
The president was responding to the global criticism of his \shithole\ comments.
Romney's criticism follows the president's reported remarks about Haiti and African countries.
The former two-term GOP senator from Nebraska said Trump is \u201cdoing great damage to our country internationally.\u201d
Just 1 percent say they side with Bannon over the president.
The president went after Sen. Dick Durbin, who said Trump did indeed call Haiti and African nations \shithole\ countries.
The meeting was described to The Wall Street Journal as a \u201croutine senior staff security briefing.\u201d
And sometimes he just says \silly\ things.
Women are dusting off their pussy hats for round two.
Two FBI officials texted each other burns about politicians, but their main ideological commitment seems to be to the power and independence of the FBI.
The Trump International Hotel's new makeover was inspired by Donald Trump's recent immigration meeting.
He didn't even tweet about the false missile alarm as soon as he put away his golf clubs.
The Republican senator added that it was \unfair\ to portray the president as a racist, despite his alleged \shithole\ comments.
The DACA program will be operated \on the terms in place\ before it was rescinded last year, said U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services on Saturday.
\u201cDACA is probably dead because the Democrats don\u2019t really want it,\ he tweeted.
The Republican senator will give a speech on Wednesday addressing Trump's attacks against the press.
\I would certainly say undoubtedly the president will use \u2015 continue to use \u2015 strong language when it comes to this issue.\
In response to the Saturday, Aug. 12 happenings in Charlottesville, Virginia, in which a woman was killed by a driver while
This is a very personal issue for me and should be for all Americans.
It's what the Trump administration wants -- and more states will likely follow.
The civil rights legend criticizes the president's \shithole\ remark and says he won't attend his State of the Union address.
The renowned moral philosopher Immanuel Kant\u2019s message was simple
A federal judge\u2019s ruling raises the possibility the program may survive this administration \u2015 even if the White House wins in court.
\u201cI don\u2019t know when Americans are going to tire of this lying man.\u201d
Trump's presidency is a \step backwards for race relations,\ he says.
The White House physician promises to provide more detail on Tuesday.
The whistleblower was released from prison last year.
Increasing Demand\u00a0 Earlier this month, a spell of arctic weather brought record crowds to Corner Project\u2019s always busy second
The White House may have been fearing protests.
\As you know, women and men all across the country have been speaking out about their experiences with sexual assault and harassment. And it started in Hollywood but we know that it occurs in many other settings.\
The move means the Iran nuclear deal remains in place, for now.
Adherence to this archetype is defined by a continual exhibition of power\u2014that\u2019s the problem.
\The president is just talking like a drunk racist\ is not a defense.
He also repeatedly asked the woman, a U.S. intelligence analyst, where her \u201cpeople\u201d are from.
The president had reportedly been complaining about immigrants from Haiti, El Salvador and other countries.
\No doubt he's going to go on a goodwill tour of Africa and Haiti instead.\
Colorado state Rep. Steve Lebsock quit his caucus this week after a colleague accused him of harassment.
Trump denied using that language during the meeting, but did say the language he used was \u201ctough.\u201d
John Feeley says he felt \honor bound\ to resign.
\My parents came from one of those countries,\ said the first Haitian-American woman elected to Congress.
The president attacked Peter Strzok, who was pulled from Mueller's investigation in December, in a Wall Street Journal interview Thursday.
Republicans in the House almost killed the subsidy, but senators just wanted it more.
It is the latest voting rights dispute taken up by the justices.
British media report the White House may have feared mass protests.
\The president is a racist. He has been for his entire public life.\
\I wonder if F-52s were invented in Nambia?\
Fellow commentator Keith Boykin fired back at Carrie Sheffield for perpetuating the model minority myth.
He blames Obama for the move, even though it was first planned under Bush.
The president wants to \u201cset this country back generations by promoting a homogenous, white society,\ the Democratic senator said.
\If you\u2019re at a bar, and you\u2019re from Wisconsin, and you\u2019re thinking, \u2018They\u2019re bringing in a bunch of Haiti people' ... This is how some people talk.\u201d
\u201c@realDonaldTrump no one from Norway wants to come to this shithole country. They have healthcare for all, family leave, free education and real gun control.\u201d
More than 1.3 million people in the impoverished nation Trump denigrated don't have reliable access to enough food.
The House Speaker refrained from pointed criticism, but said the president's comments reminded him of the oppression his own family once faced.
On issues from immigration to wiretapping this week, the president's erratic behavior has been driven by fear, insecurity and bigoted rage.
The first state waiver is likely to be from Kentucky -- a state that has benefited enormously from Medicaid coverage for people facing opioid addiction
The administration can't get its story straight \u2014 again.
A new policy that would allow states to mandate work requirements on Medicaid beneficiaries is as unnecessary as it is punitive.
A longtime Trump Organization lawyer reportedly negotiated the NDA in October 2016.
Here's why that's worrying.
Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Here\u2019s a cheery note for you
Trump either did or didn't want this to happen \u2014 no one really knows.
The U.S. Court of Federal Claims has been called the \u201cPeople\u2019s Court\u201d and the \u201ckeeper of the nation\u2019s conscience\u201d because
Fat Tuesday is Mardi Gras, a day of revelry, gluttony, intoxication and showers of shiny plastic beads. It is the party to
Wolfgang Panofsky, the National Medal of Science-winning physicist and son of the great art historian Erwin Panofsky, once
No one expected good news from the Trump administration\u2019s first proposed plan for offshore drilling, but this? The malicious
Residents of isolated rural areas, immigrants, and people who just don\u2019t trust the government are among those who tend
\u201cI send you love and inclusion and admiration for your courage all this time.\u201d
The move would effectively end a 2015 deal to limit Tehran\u2019s nuclear ambitions.
Cuomo is asking for an investigation into state Sen. Jeff Klein hours after sexual harassment allegations were revealed.
Republicans are having trouble lining up quality Senate candidates in some key races.
Trump\u2019s own Health Department says people his age should have the tests as part of their annual checkups to detect early signs of dementia.
It's an enormous shift in decades-long policy.
In case you were wondering for some reason.
The interview will focus on Bannon\u2019s time on the campaign, not the transition or his time in the White House.
Critics said the Justice Department\u2019s decision could drive banks out of the cannabis industry.
\Jane Moe\ is the fourth teenager who says government officials have refused her requests to go to a clinic for an abortion.
\u201cFor the Trump administration, it\u2019s all about PR
Another good year for weapons makers is guaranteed.
Trump told the Wall Street Journal that Congress didn't have the \guts\ to debate current libel laws, but there is no federal libel statute.
The mind of a \very stable genius\ works in mysterious ways, apparently.
The convicted criminal pardoned by Trump brought back the hoax days after announcing his campaign for Senate.
Trump's immigration crackdown could deport people to Mexican states now deemed as dangerous as Syria or Yemen.
A bipartisan group of senators came to an agreement. But the White House and other senators haven't said yes yet.
\Trump has explicitly endorsed indefinite detention rather than a detention 'informed by the laws of war,'\ lawyers argued in a new legal filing.
Peter Hoekstra says he \mixed up countries.\
A woman says now-Gov. Eric Greitens took a naked photo of her during a consensual sexual encounter.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens strongly denies the abuse claims, through his lawyer.
Eric Greitens, his wife and his lawyer released statements hours after he delivered his second State of the State address.
Nobody seems to know why Republicans singled out cyclists' benefits.
Oprah Winfrey\u2019s speech on Sunday night at the Golden Globes has everyone talking. The stirring address focused the incredible
While a lawsuit proceeds.
HIs flippancy and ignorance regarding the potential for nuclear war prove Donald Trump is a danger to his nation.
In 2013, after months of drafting, hearings and debate, the United States Senate passed a comprehensive immigration reform
Why is Donald Trump going to the World Economic Forum in Davos?
A new poll suggests U.S. prosecutors should proceed cautiously following recent Justice Department guidance on marijuana.
But they\u2019re not sure he knew what he was saying because the president is new at, you know, politics.
\You know Steve Bannon's going away card is all-white & [blank inside] like he is.\
The White House said the Department of Homeland Security would take up the probe's \preliminary findings.\ The official said the probe had none.
The following are comments I made today at the Department of Education rule-making meeting on student loan issues. Many for
\u201cI don\u2019t mind opening up drilling if states can opt out,\ Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) said.
\The imminent termination of the DACA program is creating an impending crisis for workforces across the country.\
A push to enact state bans on elephant ivory sales has brought together unlikely partners in opposition \u2014 antiques collectors
\u201cWe\u2019re going after those who have profited,\ said Mayor Bill de Blasio.
\u201cIt is imperative that the American people better understand the true scope and scale of Putin\u2019s pattern of undermining democracy.\u201d
Sen. Kamala Harris and Sen. Cory Booker will be the 200-year-old panel's second and third African-American members.
The Interior secretary said \local voices matter.\ So far, he's ignored pleas from leaders in blue states.
You never know what you might find.
He's suing the news site along with Fusion GPS, the intelligence firm that compiled the Christopher Steele report.
The former House oversight committee chairman was first elected to Congress in 2000.
Fusion GPS\u2019s Glenn Simpson said the author of the Steele dossier feared the FBI was \u201cbeing manipulated\ by the Trump team.
\The president believes he is a \u2018stable genius.\u2019 I do not.\
Equifax would have paid $1.5 billion in penalties for its data breach last summer if this proposed legislation had been in effect.
If they'd had hearings on the bill, they might have seen this coming.
Ohio's lawyer faced sharp questions about how failing to respond to a mailing from the state was evidence someone may have moved and might be an ineligible voter.
\This is a culture change that is sweeping the country, and Congress is embracing it,\ said Rep. Jackie Speier.
A lawsuit has derailed the White House plan to rescind protections for young immigrants, for now.
The president claimed the judiciary is \broken and unfair.\
The president continues to insist the probes into his campaign are \a witch hunt.\
\u201cVery serious people\ are asking him to jump into the Ohio race, a Vance adviser said.
Now the Republican is trying to burnish his green cred before running for Senate. But he has a history of bait-and-switch.
The Interior secretary\u2019s move was immediately slammed as a political favor for Florida Gov. Rick Scott.
Republicans will retain control of the state's House of Delegates.
Ady Barkan used his new following to get help -- and draw attention to the flaws in our health care system.
Tribal leaders view Rep. John Curtis' bill on Bears Ears as another \shameful\ attack on sovereignty.
The Trump administration is ending temporary protected status for about 200,000 Salvadorans living in the U.S.
Another Twitter user suggested the president simply confused America's national anthem with Russia's.
\The American people deserve the opportunity to see what he said and judge for themselves,\u201d Feinstein said.
Getting rid of the order raises concerns that Republicans may engage in voter intimidation tactics.
But it remains unclear what he believes should be included in a broader package.
A group of physicians representing the front lines of medicine in the battle against gun violence has issued a report which
This is a great way for progressive states to fight back against this Republican tax scam.
Cross-posted from\u00a0TomDispatch.com If you want to know something about life in America these days, consider how New York Times
As governor of South Carolina, Nikki Haley didn\u2019t have much need to worry about foreign policy. For reasons unknown, other
At Trump's \safest space.\
But she's not \actively considering it at this time,\ said her longtime friend.
He's already suing the panel for access to documents from a commission on which he served.
From Afghanistan to Somalia, Special Ops achieves less with more.
A case at the high court could have big implications for how aggressively states can remove voters from their rolls.
The president, speaking to reporters during a meeting with lawmakers at the White House, said he liked Winfrey.
The president made the national anthem his political prop in a venue where athletes had little choice but to \stick to sports.\
Today is the second day of the second round of the Betsy DeVos Department of Education's regulatory meetings to repeal and
\u201cKathleen Hartnett White has no place heading up the White House environmental office.\
They say corporations must make more long-term investments in their workers.
Dear Oprah, Dwayne, Mark, and other celebrities, I know you\u2019re thinking about it. Donald Trump proved that it was possible
If elected, Chicago Alderman Carlos Ramirez-Rosa would have been the first openly gay Latino member of Congress.
The map in question was ruled to have violated multiple constitutional amendments.
The move is another signal she has no plans to retire anytime soon.
Yes, the president's elder daughter liked Winfrey's Cecil B. DeMille Award speech and yes, the irony seems lost on her.
\It\u2019s ridiculous for anyone to try and attack what they do for this nation.\u201d
Bannon's exit comes after his quotes in a new tell-all sparked a feud with President Donald Trump.
The president calls a \coterie of friends and billionaires, and motor-mouths,\ the \Fire and Fury\ author said.
The president has focused on the anthem, attacking professional athletes who kneel in protest during the song.
Facing the future with trepidation in the age of Trump.
When you think about it, Steve Bannon and Donald Trump have a lot in common. Both are reckless, impulsive, bombastic, narcissistic
Her longtime partner Stedman Graham fueled the 2020 rumors by saying she\u2019d \u201cabsolutely do it\u201d if the interest is there.
A representative for the former congressman and Fox News contributor says the move was a \procedural step in a potential run.\
The judge cited multiple willful evidence violations by prosecutors in dropping the case.
The billionaire environmentalist commits $30 million to help get younger Americans to the polls.
The move by Rep. Ed Royce (R-Calif.) is the latest sign of a possible Democratic wave this November.
\u201cShe would absolutely do it,\ Oprah's longtime partner said in response to pleas for her to run.
Trump signed the order while attending the annual convention of  the American Farm Bureau Federation.
Please, not again.
The real cost of funding health care for 9 million low-income kids has dropped -- a lot.
Sixteen $1 billion-plus weather- and climate-related events killed at least 362 people.
Lies, repetitive stories and slamming women all very recognizable, noted Michael D'Antonio.
Wolff book spurs \emperor has no clothes\ moment for the president.
He also re-upped judicial nominees hostile to LGBTQ rights, abortion and African-American voting rights.
The move hurts U.S. interests to further an anti-immigration ideology, advocates say.
Spicer said without irony that people without a politics background \have had a difficult time adjusting\u201d to higher office.
\My clients do not intend to cease publication, no such retraction will occur, and no apology is warranted.\
At the Golden Globes, it was striking that the president was mostly a nonentity \u2014 unlike during last year\u2019s ceremony, when he loomed large.
NCLB was the Death Star of American education.
Twitter goes like, really wild over \enormously consensual presidency.\
Michelle Alexander\u2019s book chronicles \how people of color are not just locked in, but locked out of civic life, and New Jersey has exiled them even further.\
Republicans have an attack plan for Wolff
\The 25th Amendment is a concept that is alive every day in the White House,\ the author said Sunday.
The former White House aide said Donald Trump Jr. is a \patriot and a good man.\
Stephen Miller emphasizes the \u201cstable genius\u201d of Donald Trump, while allowing that he has \u201cno knowledge\u201d of the Trump campaign\u2019s meeting with Russians
Legitimate concerns existed about Reagan's forgetfulness.
A federal judge said Clarke's posts were an issue of possible \First Amendment retaliation.\
Chinese who invest in Kushner company real estate deals can get green cards.
\I've wasted enough of my viewers' time,\ the CNN host told President Donald Trump's senior policy adviser.
Now more than ever, the president's psychological unfitness must be at the heart of our political conversation.
For more than a year now, I\u2019ve been hearing from people in the inner circles of official Washington \u2013 GOP lobbyists, Republican
A Justice Department lawyer said in a court filing that the data won't be transferred or used.
Trump\u2019s campaign chief and top White House aide has been left politically homeless.
\u201cI am devastated, just devastated,\u201d Tina Johnson told the news site. \u201cWe have just the clothes on our backs.\u201d
Andrew McCabe had faced criticism because his wife received campaign donations from a political action committee affiliated with a Clinton ally.
DOJ lawyers say Matt Dunlap is no longer entitled to the information because the commission has been disbanded.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions wanted to make state-legal weed businesses paranoid, but they're mostly chill for now.
A lot of people called out the GOP for asking them to honor a private citizen.
The president stepped away from a Camp David strategy session to bash the Russia investigation and address his mental health.
\u201cEveryone deserves to be wearing a nice coat like Bernie Sanders,\u201d said a prominent democratic socialist.
\My two greatest assets have been mental stability and being, like, really smart.\
The White House finally sent demands on immigration to the Senate, but Sen. Dick Durbin says they're unacceptable.
The Utah representative accused the company's CEO of \living in a bubble\ after he declined an invitation to testify before Congress.
These races could shape the party\u2019s prospects in the midterm elections.
A bombshell New York Times report suggests Trump personally attempted to stop Sessions from recusing himself from the Russia probe.
The deputy counsel was reportedly trying to prevent an obstruction investigation.
The seven things that will separate a bare win from real victory.
\u201cThe last time I went to a book release was Harry Potter.\u201d
Jose Ines Garcia Zarate was credited for time already served behind bars.
What can Democrats do to attract evangelical voters who are so reliably drawn to Trump?
A news report details how Trump sought to keep Jeff Sessions from recusing himself from the Russia probe.
By forcing cannabis businesses to rely on cash, the move might make businesses, owners and employees vulnerable to theft
It\u2019s hard to keep up with the news these days.
The Senate candidate's wife had argued they couldn't be anti-Semitic because their lawyer was a Jew. He says he accepted Christ in his 30s.
The investigation is being handed over to a government agency that can deport people.
In the state's freshly opened legal market, there's no place for the marijuana industry's hipneck pioneers.
A deal needs to be bipartisan, but the meeting wasn't.
The publisher pushed the book's release date forward after a cease-and-desist letter.
The attorney general's coffers are lined by many who stand to benefit from incarcerating cannabis users.
\I'm laughing so hard because it's so plausible.\
Journalist Michael Wolff said it was \extraordinary\ that the president tried to stop the publication.
Some are more eager to run on marijuana than others.
It's the Judiciary Committee's first public criminal referral in the Russia investigation.
The Trump administration\u2019s decision is a step back to \the outdated, dirty and destructive energy policies of the past.\
Bannon's quotes from \Fire and Fury\ have caused him to fall out of favor with conservative commenters.
\Leaning hard into the 1984 vibe here.\
Trump threatened legal action against Bannon over \u201clibelous\u201d remarks quoted by writer Michael Wolff in his new book.
\John Doe,\ a suspected ISIS fighter, has been held overseas for months.
He said he expects President Donald Trump to nominate a successor this month.
First published in The Boston Globe. Doubtless Donald Trump should fear November 2018. Historically, incumbents flounder
In the Golden State's agricultural heartland, young undocumented immigrants plead for support from their congressmen.
The ship is taking on water, systems are in disarray and communications are down.
Why Trump eats so much McDonald's, and what his daughter has to say about his hair.
In the past two years, a dozen states have joined more than 200 localities in offering free tuition to four-year colleges
Democrat Gina Ortiz Jones would be the first lesbian, Iraq War vet and Filipina-American to fill a U.S. House seat in Texas.
Sen. Tammy Baldwin is battling more outside spending by conservative groups than all of her Democratic colleagues. Combined.
Trans people are enlisting in the military. Trump's voter fraud commission is dead. And Steve Bannon has instigated an alt-right civil war. Happy New Year.
WASHINGTON \u2014 Sen. Cory Gardner, R.-Colo., on Thursday threatened to block all nominees to Justice Department posts in response
\A tweet starts WWIII?\
Party leaders have known about the president\u2019s personality issues since before he won the nomination.
The attendees reportedly discussed demands by congressional supporters of President Donald Trump that the Justice Department hand over files relevant to investigations of possible Trump 2016 campaign ties to Russia.
The decision is retroactive to mid-August 2017, when Hurricane Harvey hit Texas.
Want that pothole on your street fixed? What about the rusty bridge you cross every day on the way to work? Want the subway
She and her husband had an Oval Office strategy, according to a new tell-all book about the White House.
The family is reportedly considering dropping Bannon from his post overseeing Breitbart.
Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Gov. Rick Scott were among the first to criticize the proposal.
Attorney Charles Harder said legal action is imminent.
It could mean cheaper, skimpier coverage for healthy people -- and higher costs for others.
For the third day in a row, marijuana is legally available for both purchase and consumption in California, for purely recreational
76 countries are now involved in Washington's war on terror.
Can You Believe? Can you believe Trump\u2019s needing to brag that his nuclear button was bigger than Kim Jong-un\u2019s? Reminds me
\He lost his mind.\
The president also says it's a \misnomer\ that his former chief strategist still speaks to him.
The commission was criticized for perpetuating Trump's unfounded claim of widespread voter fraud.
The State Department said Pakistan could receive the funding if it takes decisive action against terrorism.
Because megafires could become the new normal for California.
States can spend as much as 15 percent of their payout to subsidize construction of public charging stations for electric cars.
The Trump administration proposed eliminating federal heating help altogether.
They want answers about the FBI spying on Carter Page \u2014 or they want Sessions gone.
The difficulty of standing on the right side of the right.
Real funny stuff.
It\u2019s the book the president doesn\u2019t want you to read, apparently.
Scientists say a warming Arctic increases storms like the \bomb cyclone\ battering the East Coast.
Gardner said he's prepared to \take all steps necessary\ to counter the attorney general.
In his first comments since the White House distanced itself from him Wednesday, Trump's former chief strategist said he supports the president \day in and day out.\
But it's still just a drop in the bucket compared to how many Christians are in America.
The wild election came down to picking names from a bowl and means the GOP keeps control of the House of Delegates.
The president looks to open the Arctic, Atlantic and Pacific oceans in his push for an \u201cAmerica-First Offshore Energy Strategy.\u201d
Experts weigh in on what stands between the president and a U.S. nuclear launch. Hint
Leigh Corfman is seeking an apology, not financial compensation.
The Justice Department is rolling back Obama-era rules that allowed states to cultivate legal marijuana industries.
Legal experts say the threat won't hold up in court, but it still matters.
If there is one name which creates anger and hostility within the gun violence prevention (GVP) community, it\u2019s not Wayne
Minnesota joins just a handful of states represented by two female senators.
Experts already concerned about census response rates say the query would cause even fewer people to respond.
\The tweet about North Korea followed up by the tweet about an awards show for fakest news is the most Donald Trump 20 minutes imaginable.\
The former White House strategist called the infamous Trump Tower meeting \treasonous,\ according to a new book.
\Steve is learning that winning isn\u2019t as easy as I make it look.\u201d
The election of Donald Trump has made strange bedfellows. I find myself agreeing with Washington Post conservative writer
We should make the resolution to hold the Census Bureau and our federal officials accountable.
And \works!\
If what he wrote at 9:13 a.m. is so obviously silly, why should anyone pay attention to what he wrote at 9:08?
Most older undocumented people lack health insurance. The Affordable Care Act doesn\u2019t cover them, and they don\u2019t qualify
As legislators move to support democracy abroad, we cannot ignore the leaders and policies corroding our politics at home.
The former Milwaukee sheriff resumed tweeting after deleting messages promoting violence against the news media.
The dramatic race in Virginia's House District 94 has dragged on for nearly two months since the election.
The former attorney general said Justice Department and FBI officials \need to be defended.\
Fight for the Future presents lawmakers with two options
Trump's former campaign chairman alleges the investigation has \diverged from its focus.\
The president's attacks on Steve Bannon fit a pattern.
Some of the hotel chain's Arizona locations also gave information to Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
363 days to go.
The panel, convened in May, was widely criticized by voting rights advocates.
The racist attack on the federal grand jury in D.C. adds to the ways the president's backers are trying to discredit the Russia probe.
\u201cFelons, Illegals and MS13 Welcome!\u201d the fake signs claim.
The falling crime rate has led some defenders of the controversial policy to admit they were wrong.
He likes \safely premade\ food, according to a new tell-all book about the White House.
And, the U.S. president tweets, \my Button works!\
\Please don\u2019t make me picture your 'Button.'\
But Obama was apparently a slacker whenever he played golf.
The share of the population living with a felony conviction has gone up sharply in Georgia and Florida, while West Virginia
His least popular tweets last year were all personal attacks.
At American colleges, enraged conservative students, supported by right-wing allies and funders, bring provocative speakers
In a democracy, there are things the people in power must not say, unless they are absolutely true. One of those things is
A torrent of sexual harassment revelations has launched a long-overdue discussion of a perennial social plague afflicting
A majority of Americans disapprove of the current administration's aims. Activists are providing them a place to stand, opposed and in a circle of hope.
\u201cWe stand with the Iranian people so much that we won\u2019t let them come here,\u201d said a former U.S. ambassador to the U.N.
\u201cThis is a man who ... criticized President Barack Obama regularly for playing golf during his presidency, but that criticism hasn\u2019t continued into [his] presidency.\u201d
Too. Funny.
Mitt Romney, who called Trump \a phony\ and \a fraud,\ could seek Hatch's seat.
Business friendly!
Larry Krasner says he's \nothing more than a technician\ of the movement for criminal justice reform.
The last major overhaul of airline safety actually took place during the Obama administration.
The former FBI director tweeted that he'd like to see a focus on \the truth and lasting values\ in the new year.
First, the former congresswoman needs heavenly approval.
And his offer for talks with South Korea.
\Take some time to understand and embrace diversity in race, culture and religion,\ Sunayana Dumala wrote in a Facebook post.
New year, old rant.
It didn't just legalize weed, the state also enacted one of the most progressive criminal justice reforms in the country.
The news has reignited speculation that 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney will seek the seat.
It's part of a larger plan to close all nine facilities on the island.
The EU\u2019s basic treaty requires its members first and foremost to be democracies.
During the mid-1930s, a best-selling expos\u00e9 of the international arms trade, combined with a U.S. Congressional investigation
Apparently, tweeting less wasn't one of his New Year's resolutions.
\They have an out of control client,\ says the Watergate journalist.
Five Democrats helped save an arms deal with the kingdom pushed by President Trump. It doesn't have to be this way.
The Vermont senator swore in Bill de Blasio for his second term on Monday.
This isn't the first time GOP leaders have said they'll focus on other things.
The former president shared the \songs that got me moving\ and the \stories that inspired me\ in a New Year's Eve Facebook post.
The first state to legalize medical cannabis becomes the most populous to allow recreational use.
Imagine how many more could have gained access to health care if their president and the ruling party in Congress were not undermining them at every turn.
The president's aims are both contradictory and regressive, and will do great harm to his nation.
The nation's most immigrant-rich city currently boasts an historically low homicide rate.
The former sheriff warns \libs\ to \bring a hard hat\ because \I'm going to smack you around.\
Iranian officials call Trump's support of protesters in the country \deceitful\ and \opportunist.\
The midterm elections are shaping up to be one of the most contentious in recent history.
\u201cThis is a recipe for sabotaging the census.\
It happened \during a night of heavy drinking,\ according to the New York Times.
A little late there, senator.
The former Trump campaign aide was hoping to get off house arrest to attend holiday events.
Gates asked for permission to attend New Year's events with his family.
Hundreds of thousands of undocumented young people, many of them children, are in limbo.
Franken is expected to resign on Jan. 2 amid multiple allegations of sexual misconduct.
The name-drawing to determine the winner of House District 94, which could decide which party controls the chamber, is now scheduled for Jan. 4.
The president re-upped a favored talking point of climate change deniers.
\Lock him up! Lock him up!\
Most Americans were told Donald Trump won the presidential election last year. But his policy toward Russia looks suspiciously
It seems inevitable now that every big cold spell and snowfall in the United States will be followed by a tweet from Donald
The remaining 16 members of the Presidential Advisory Council on HIV/AIDS were fired on Wednesday.
Their hopes for next year are higher, too.
The Trump administration's high staff turnover has been unusual for modern presidencies.
\Each of us can make a difference, and all of us ought to try.\
Turns out Trump supporters still support Trump.
In a New York Times interview, the president said more than a dozen times that there was no collusion with Russia during the presidential campaign.
Moore tried to delay certification of the results, claiming voter fraud.
Nuclear brinksmanship, threats of nuclear war, and similar uses of nuclear weapons to intimidate hold the potential for catastrophe.
\u201cLet's pass tax reform that permanently benefits all middle-income and working-class families without giving tax breaks to the top 1 percent,\ he said.
The permanent injunction follows a two-week bench trial that found Republican-backed ethnic studies restrictions unconstitutional.
A closer look at the data calls into question the effort to politicize attacks on law enforcement.
Three hedge funds allegedly benefited from decisions that helped impoverish Kentucky's state pension system.
\There will never be a friendly solution to the North Korea problem if this continues to happen,\ Trump added.
Bret Stephens and Frank Bruni of The New York Times both recently warned Democrats not to be too pushy in opposing the Republican
Someone should've flagged this photo.
\u201cAll of us in leadership have to find ways in which we can recreate a common space on the Internet,\u201d he said.
One Twitter user wrote, \I hope my tax dollars aren't going to this mess.\
Cook County, Illinois, reported a 70 percent increase in opioid-related deaths between 2015 and 2016.
\I made a mistake and I want to correct it,\ she tweeted.
Steve Bannon\u2019s eyes lit up. Several months before he left his job as a senior White House adviser last August, Bannon was
Besides Pakistan, the two other countries I have always been politically interested in are India and the U.S. For decades
About half of states now allow adult adoptees to have some type of access to their original birth certificate without having
\u201cAll men are created equal.\u201d Just words, right? Wrong. These five words, contained in the Declaration of Independence, were
Trump's eldest son met with a Russian lawyer promising damaging information on Hillary Clinton.
\ud83d\ude4c  \ud83d\ude4c  \ud83d\ude4c
Joy Villa said Trump's former campaign manager hit her butt \really hard.\
As president, he's spent parts of 86 days at golf courses he owns.
Whether he\u2019s protesting bad legislation or the Fed\u2019s monetary policy, Ady Barkan boils the issue down to its moral essentials.
For the 22nd time, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is the most admired woman.
The Salt Lake Tribune denounced Hatch\u2019s \u201cutter lack of integrity that rises from his unquenchable thirst for power.\u201d
With the Republicans having just passed a $1.5 trillion tax cut, the bulk of which goes to the richest one percent, it was
On Wednesday, the state's Board of Elections had been scheduled to pick a name out of a bowl, in a race that would determine control of the state legislature.
Ethics groups have said that his visits to his golf clubs and hotels create the appearance of promoting his private businesses while holding public office.
As state lawmakers revisit their sexual harassment policies, many women hope the #metoo movement will bring about real change when legislatures reconvene in January.
Cruel and revolting are the two words that stick with me as I revisit in my mind the Trump administration proposal to separate
By Kica Matos For the last decade or so, Carlos and his parents have spent Thanksgiving dinner with my family. Questions
Happy holidays from all of us at Trump Terrible 10!\u00a0 If you're like us, you've been spending your holiday time eating, watching
The men are known as two of the three people behind Kim\u2019s banned rocket program.
The GOP tax bill contains a provision that eliminates the Affordable Care Act's individual mandate \u2014 but that does not mean the law itself is repealed.
The first lady made the call after learning that the Jackson Magnolia, planted in 1835, was a safety hazard.
His revamped labor board issued a slew of new policies at the end of 2017 that will make collective bargaining harder.
Democratic candidates received more than 153,000 donations of $100 or less -- compared to about 7,000 for GOP candidates.
Erica Garner was hospitalized after a heart attack.
The high-stakes gambit backfired amid international uproar.
James Baldwin admonished us
\There was never assault on saying 'Merry Christmas,' you delusional narcissist.\
Donald Trump is good at certain things. (Please take a deep breath and don\u2019t throw your mouse or laptop at the wall.) I have
On Christmas Eve, no less.
Merry Christmas!
We'd like to apologize in advance to HuffPost readers who don't get their internet from Verizon.
The Trump administration\u2019s threats to those who would support the Turkish-Yemeni co-sponsored resolution, rebuking the U.S
Talk about a crappy Christmas present!
The president\u2019s near daily falsehoods appear to be tripping up Republicans on their victory lap.
Among the president's targets is the second highest-ranking official in the FBI.
He made the comment at his Mar-a-Lago resort, according to CBS News.
And the president is \like an 11-year-old child,\ he tells Vanity Fair.
The legal profession is supposed to weed out people who aren't morally fit to be lawyers. But they let neo-Nazis in.
The official who spoke the words said she didn't intend to offend, but Chinese-American leaders wanted to turn this into a teaching moment.
Oscar Moriel was facing life in prison, but his controversial work as an informant dramatically reduced his sentence.
The decision was a loss for the commission, whose leader dismissed the suit as \baseless and paranoid.\
Happy holidays!
Downey Magallanes, a top aide of Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke, met with senior officials of her father's longtime employer, Peabody Energy, in June.
The king and his retinue have departed the nation\u2019s capital and arrived at their royal vacation retreat, Castle Mar-a-Lago
The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said its ruling would be put on hold pending the Supreme Court's decision.
Mr. Vice President
He also claimed Nigerian immigrants live \in huts,\ the New York Times reported.
Opponents of the repeal feel far more strongly than its supporters.
How did Charles Dickens' beloved Christmas story become a trophy for a Wall Street titan?
The argument could backfire, some progressive economists fear.
\Dashing through the bill, so the rich don't have to pay, Ryan is his shill, laughing all the way.\
He would do well to take a page from our former boss.
He's the subject of a lawsuit with significant First Amendment implications. But where is he?
The founder of The Young Turks will no longer work with the Justice Democrats.
Accidentally killing bird species --\n including with a power line or oil rig -- will no longer violate federal law, the Interior Department said in a ruling.
The White House\u2019s pick for a top environmental adviser returns to square one after an embarrassing confirmation process.
If we want civically minded citizens, promoting lit and lit comprehension will be key.
Right-wing media are doing Donald Trump no favors with their campaign to discredit special prosecutor Robert Mueller. The
The taxpayer-funded settlements are documented in new data released on Thursday from the Congressional Office of Compliance.
The added changes \amount to dismantling the refugee program piece by bits,\ said Jen Smyers of Church World Service.
Actually there are more than two Americas. There are many. Ask any person of color; ask immigrants of select ethnicities
Attorney General Ken Paxton has been calling for more people to bring guns into houses of worship.
\This is from Obama's presidency. When the housing market falls apart because of your asinine plan, we'll thank you.\
We'll be filling out our tax returns next year on a postcard \u2014 not.
The reporter's look of bewilderment says it all.
The bipartisan group of ex-federal prosecutors told the president it's imperative that he let the special counsel do his job.
The ruling criticizes changes that would transform birth control coverage from an entitlement to a \gratuitous benefit.\
Imagine an app that can calculate the lies per minute (LPM) Trump subjects the American public to on a daily basis. Perhaps
Can You Believe? Can you believe Rep. Mimi Walters claiming she improved the GOP tax bill? The bill cut her constituents
Congress passed an enormous tax cut package this week and President Trump will sign it into law today. The GOP has been taking
He really changes the tone headed into 2018 and beyond.
I have been urging Senator Al Franken (D-MN) not to resign until the allegations against him are thoroughly vetted by the
DeSantis is widely expected to run for governor in 2018.
\It's time to start rebuilding our country,\ the president said.
Thanks to Trump\u2019s forcing of a UN vote, it is now more clear than ever before that pretty much no one outside of Washington and Israel recognizes Israel\u2019s right to the entire city.
Lawmakers kept the government open. But they did nothing for young undocumented immigrants.
The president told the media he signed the GOP tax bill after watching TV because he \didn\u2019t want you folks to say that I wasn\u2019t keeping my promise.\
\He expects blind loyalty and subservience from everyone.\
\We're losing the war for truth.\
He also approved a short-term spending bill that averts a possible government shutdown.
Hell yeah, he\u2019s owning the libs!
\Donald Trump\u2019s war on immigrants has reached a sad new low. Separating families who are fleeing gang violence is unconscionable.\
This is dope.
A former Justice Department official raised questions about Thomas Farr's Senate testimony.
But figuring out who's likely to vote remains a challenge.
Going back to \the 1960 level\ isn't a good thing.
Check out anima-Abraham Lincoln's face when the tune plays.
At stake is whether Republicans keep their 17-year control of the state's House of Delegates.
An FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton's ties to the deal has found no wrongdoing.
ORR director Scott Lloyd wrote that rape does not justify \violence against an innocent human life.\
President Trump, in his victory celebration over the passage of the Republican tax bill today, said it was a big Christmas
Christmas in the modern era has something in common with singer Miley Cyrus; they both come in rather like a wrecking ball
One of the longstanding and unsettled arguments in civil society is whether skepticism is a virtue or a vice. Skepticism
Republicans promised the American people a tax bill for Christmas, and this week they delivered. It\u2019s definitely a bill for
In the long struggle to bend the arc of the moral universe toward justice, the forces of greed and inequality have just won
Conservative politicians and talking heads hope to derail the special counsel's investigation as it inches closer to the president and his inner-circle,
Anecdotes have emerged of vulnerable consumers, such as cancer patients, contracting dangerous infections after smoking bad
The truncated sign-up period for 2018 policies closed on Dec. 15.
Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Let\u2019s start with the universe and work our way in. Who cares? Not them because as far as
The General Assembly voted in favor of Washington withdrawing its recognition of the city as Israel's capital.
\u201cWith undercounted communities receiving less than their fair share of public funds, there will be undue economic pressure in rural communities, many of which are already struggling.\
He gets two of them, as environmentalists warn the barriers could damage protected wildlife areas.
The president slashed spending on enrollment and advertising, and stiffed insurers for billions.
The president made the aside while praising Republicans for passing the tax bill.
As we approach the end of Trump\u2019s first year in office, it seems appropriate to survey his performance and his outlook for
Sen. Mark Warner also slammed Republicans and Fox News for calling for an end to the Russia probe.
The dismissal marks a victory for the president.
Conservative politicians are happy to use it as a talking point, but nobody is offering solutions.
They want \significant changes.\
The government won't shut down after all.
The South Dakota Republican's family seems to have had enough cash to pay the estate tax.
The case could determine the fate of many of the nearly 200 people arrested during the inauguration.
What are you doing, Sean?
\u201cNo one who votes for this tax bill will be voting with your life in mind. But you will pay for it.\u201d
A statue of Confederate general and KKK leader Nathan Bedford Forrest came down first on Wednesday, just hours after the sale ordinance was signed.
A pair of Confederate statues were taken down Wednesday night after a nonprofit organization bought the parks they stood in.
The House speaker said he couldn't predict how the bill would affect the deficit because that's \in the future.\
The bill is expected to be sent to the White House to sign today.
In addition, the U.S. Treasury is sanctioning four Russians under a U.S. law known as the Magnitsky Act.
With a supposed dealmaker as president, Washington should make an offer to Beijing.
\Shame on Mr. Petersen for not having attended the universal law school of the airwaves that was 'Law and Order.'\
Is it a win to pass legislation that most people don't like?
Now that Congress has passed the GOP\u2019s $1.5 trillion tax bill, the Senate will soon vote on President Trump\u2019s nomination
There are over 40 credible names. It\u2019s over two years away. But as the line forms to run against Trump in 2020, there\u2019s a
Sen. Dick Durbin said \u201cmost\u201d of his colleagues agree the bill must have Dreamer protections. But the GOP only needs a few to break away -- and some already have.
He said Republicans wouldn't think twice about investigating a Democratic president accused of the same conduct.
\Let's call this out for what it is
Rick Gates filmed a video thanking GOP lobbyist Jack Burkman, who investigated conspiracy theories about the death of DNC staffer Seth Rich.
Co-authored by Sarp Aksel MD Montefiore Medical Center, Lauren Broussard MSW, MPH DrPH(c) Columbia University, Meghan Eagen
The Democratic senator announced his plans to resign earlier this month in the wake of sexual misconduct allegations.
The Senate minority leader told off Republicans just before the crucial vote on the tax bill.
Driving with an animal in your lap may be fun, but it\u2019s extremely dangerous for the driver, passengers, other motorists and
\Well, we\u2019re watching those votes,\ the president said.
Bundy, two of his sons and another man had been charged with 15 criminal counts stemming from their 2014 armed standoff with government agents.
Parents are scared, state officials are scrambling and Congress is about to go on vacation.
It took us 18 tries to find a GOP congressman who could tell us the individual income tax brackets.
The bill does away with the health care law's individual mandate. The rest of Obamacare is untouched.
Or picking a name from a hat. Or flipping a coin...
For the record, the \Star Wars\ universe is fictional.
The CNN host told the senator people deserve to know why he voted for the proposal only after it included a provision from which he could benefit.
Pushing the issue to next year would leave hundreds of thousands of undocumented young people in limbo, but Congress might do it anyway.
Can you say \u201csmooth PR move\u201d?
To break ties, most states draw straws, pick names from a hat or resort to other games of chance.
The House speaker won't say whether he believes more than a dozen women who have accused the president of sexual assault or harassment.
The island is getting slapped with new taxes as it drowns in debt and tries to recover from a catastrophic hurricane.
After a Cabinet meeting, the White House sent a press release touting praise of Trump from the people who work for him.
The rich benefit the most, and after eight years, they will be the only ones benefiting.
The 32-year-old was killed while protesting a white supremacist rally.
There is a bigger problem with the story, beyond being false.
A cascade of sexual misconduct allegations against lawmakers has forced congressional leaders to pull back the curtain on taxpayer-funded settlements.
The Secretary of State's Office said Thursday that the man in question is indeed a registered voter in the state.
Bob Corker says he had no idea the perk was in the bill because \I never saw the actual text\ before supporting it.
The current administration halted the program that allows spouses and children of refugees to find safety in the U.S.
The 21st century has not been good to America\u2019s democracy. However, the recent upset victory by Doug Jones in Alabama and
As we begin the final week of 2017\u2032s congressional calendar, it is worth noting how ridiculous the whole process has now
Sounding much like Trump, who last week called the Republican tax bill\u00a0\u201cone of the great Christmas gifts to middle-income
Harry Truman\u2019s memorable reference to Somoza, the Nicaraguan dictator, \u201cYes, he is a son of a bitch, but he is our son of
We\u2019re several hundred years overdue in enforcing tangible consequences for men who get their kicks from sexually harassing
He\u2019s using Orwellian manipulation to corrupt thought and create an alternative reality.
Yet more of more of the same?
Cross-posted from\u00a0TomDispatch.com In a Washington politically riven in ways not seen since the pre-Civil War era, take hope
Which killed three and injured over 100.
In 1814, First Lady Dolley Madison helped hide the White House\u2019s famous portrait of George Washington from the British when
Trump's foreign policy is a travesty.
Scott Garrett says he wants to run the Export-Import Bank. But he once wanted to shutter it.
Being arrested in Collins' office didn\u2019t scare us. But the tax plan she says she'll vote for does.
Two new bills would \flip the incentive structure from one of cover-up to one of prevention,\ said Rep. Carolyn Maloney.
A White House official said a new petition platform will be launched in January.
A last-minute change in the tax bill gives President Trump a deduction worth millions.
\u201cWe vote too,\ one woman yelled. \We\u2019ll remember you. You\u2019re fired.\u201d
\We can\u2019t control whether our public servants lie to us. But we can control whether we hold them accountable,\ she wrote in a USA Today op-ed.
A Quinnipiac poll found that 59 percent of women and 41 percent of men believe the president should step aside.
But the Justice Department immediately moves to appeal the case of one 17-year-old.
Kathleen Hartnett-White\u2019s humiliating confirmation hearing and recent plagiarism allegations could deter some Republicans from supporting her.
Donald Trump does not have an Iran policy. This was clear on October 13, when his administration released its \u201cIran strategy
\We have no time for people who want to build walls.\
The \WannaCry\ attack impacted more than 230,000 computers worldwide.
It was five years ago that a young man invaded Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., and shot and killed 20 young
\u201cHe thought he was coming to pick his child up. He\u2019s like, \u2018I can\u2019t find my kid. Where\u2019s my kid?\u2019\u201d Curtner recalled. \u201cI remember
How can anyone claim with a straight face that we're the ones who need help?
The measure would have criminalized all abortions after 20 weeks with no exceptions for cases of rape, incest or fetal abnormalities.
\I'd rather die and burn the tree down before I would ever put that on my tree!\
The winner could be decided by flipping a coin or drawing straws.
Congress' workplace misconduct office won't share data with the senator because of concerns with \inaccuracies.\
His opponent, Senator-elect Doug Jones, has urged him to \move on.\
And, yes, the hands on this Donald seem normal-sized.
Any oil and gas development \u201cstands to disrupt this fragile, critically important landscape,\u201d the lawmakers wrote last month.
\u201cIt\u2019s time for the good guys with guns to begin to pass some really good policy.\u201d
For the last time, the president can release his tax returns even if he's under audit.
Matthew Petersen is the president's third court pick to crash and burn over not being qualified to be a federal judge.
The move contradicts the military\u2019s own assessments going back to 1990.
In the House, over 20 Republicans represent districts that Hillary Clinton won last November. Many of them are from states
As many as 2,800 clinics could close next year, leaving up to 9 million patients without access to regular health care. By
U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner (R-CO) has been taking it pretty hard from all Coloradans, judging from his low approval ratings, and
(Hint
There was a time when I didn\u2019t consider myself a political activist. I was content to let others do the work, to let others
There are several things wrong with the Republican tax reform bill that Congress is expected to pass this week. At this late
By Calin Brown Don Blankenship, the former CEO and chair of Massey Energy, filed federal candidacy papers in December, officially
I know it\u2019s popular to believe that the private sector is a paragon of efficiency and government is simply waste, fraud and abuse, but it is simply not true.
For many of us in Alabama, Senator-elect Doug Jones\u2019 victory last Tuesday meant much more than a political victory. As I
The Carolina Panthers are now for sale.
The trip will be rescheduled for the week of Jan. 14.
And views don't seem to be improving.
The president is due to give a speech about his national security plans later on Monday.
\u201cTake Obamacare. We now know that this law will discourage millions of people from working. The Left thinks this is a good
At least 15 women have said Judge Alex Kozinski groped them, made inappropriate sexual comments, and/or showed them pornography.
Mark Hamill responds that the senator must have been \distracted by porn.\
Police have beefed up security at the senator's residence in Newark, New Jersey.
The attacks on the bureau and the special counsel's office appear intended to set the stage for firing Mueller.
The Senate is expected to vote as early as Tuesday on tax legislation, but McCain will be out of Washington until January.
Cornyn conceded that if the Democrats had participated in negotiating the measure, \u201cwe probably could have made it better.\u201d
In an effort to curb racist abuse and violent extremism on its site, Twitter started enforcing new rules Monday.
While the economic boom looks pretty good now, it won\u2019t look so great by November 2018.
Alabama\u2019s Democratic Sen.-elect Doug Jones also urged Congress to \move on.\
The Amtrak train that crashed Monday was not using a new technology that can stop accidents before they occur.
The decision came down just days before 50 detainees were to be deported to Cambodia.
What would Jesus think of people who say \happy holidays\?
\While they ignorantly partied and remained uninformed on an issue that kills thousands of Americans every year, I was crying myself to sleep.\
A proposal to create an independent redistricting commission in one of the worst gerrymandered states could be headed to the ballot in 2018.
Earlier this month, Alabama's senator-elect called on Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.) to resign over groping accusations.
The hypocrisy of some prominent politicians helps explain why the public holds all of them in such low repute. Senator Bob
California is ready to explode in flames. Sort of like the whole world in the age of Trump.
And 40 percent believe he did something \illegal\ with Russia.
Republican leaders in Congress make no secret of prioritizing tax cuts for their wealthy donors and corporate allies over
\Legitimacy\ of Mueller's findings depend on \what they are,\ says John Cornyn.
Virginia's Democratic governor-elect said he wants to expand Medicaid, but he's concerned about its cost.
Shopping for health insurance has always been a pain. Obamacare's problems and Trump's sabotage made it worse this year.
But will all that change later this week?
Immigration reform advocates want legal status for undocumented young people as part of a government spending bill.
Elections matter. Next year\u2019s election will shape the course of history. The United States, once a beacon of hope and freedom
The vice president stops in Cairo this week. Advocates for two detainees have reached out to the National Security Council 11 times this year without a response.
The complaint appears to be baseless.
\He was notorious,\ one woman said of him.
Are anti-Arab and anti-Muslim sentiments on the rise in the US? And what are the best ways to combat them? These were some
According to the Washington Post, the Trump Administration is prohibiting the CDC from using several words or phrases in
By James M. Dorsey US president Donald J. Trump\u2019s recognition of Jerusalem potentially sets the stage for a controversial
For when you confront your Republican uncle during the holidays.
It \cannot be right\ that a government entity \imposes its own version of morality on each of us,\ the district judge said.
The top Democrat is \increasingly worried\ of Republicans' attempts to close the inquiry into Russia's election meddling.
Interest in protecting net neutrality grew as corporations and the telecom industry began to break with this legacy, hurting
The conservative media giant dominates local TV in the troubled city, where people say the press hasn\u2019t raked nearly enough muck.
If the Alabama Democrat loses his re-election bid in 2020, it won\u2019t be because he was too liberal, activists say.
Wisconsin Republican Paul Nehlen, who stumped for Roy Moore in Alabama, makes himself at home on a fascist podcast and tosses bigoted bombs on Twitter.
December 14th may not go down as a day of infamy, but it will be recorded as a day when President Trump\u2019s administration
\We cannot replace truth with bias,\ a bioethicist says.
I realize now that the love has been one-sided.
He blamed Obama for Ajit Pai's role in the net neutrality repeal.
Matthew Spencer Petersen admits to \the challenge that would be ahead of me.\
\I don't want to talk about pardons for Michael Flynn yet.\
Trump praised the group releasing stolen emails even as he should\u2019ve known it was an arm of Russian intelligence.
Donald Trump didn\u2019t just have a bad day in Alabama last Tuesday. After going all-in for a despicable U.S. Senate candidate
Who are we referencing in the headline? We'll be letting you know in two or three weeks. Kidding! We'll tell you today. Since
\Intimidation, harassment and discrimination is a cancer to any organization,\ he said.
\Democrats are expected to act and then Republicans do not follow. They claim they will follow, but they don\u2019t follow.\u201d a Democratic lawmaker said.
The president's appointees on the labor board just made it harder for workers to fight big chains like McDonald's.
And for the internet as we know it.
Our best path to economic growth and global competitiveness is to invest in our people \u2013 not to provide huge new tax breaks to special interests.
As if our fight to stop the profoundly unjust Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was not enough, we must all work hard to ensure there
Can You Believe? Can you believe Bannon and Trump blaming Mitch McConnell for Roy Moore\u2019s defeat? Or Trump claiming the results
Democrat Jones won the Alabama seat, but Moore has refused to accept the result.
For those folks in the gun violence prevention (GVP) movement who have been lamenting the pro-gun attitudes of the Oval Office
He promoted anti-immigration and tough-on-crime policies.
The tax rewrite considered by Congress could trigger a law that would withhold more than a billion dollars in energy royalties
The Background Back in October, the Military Religious Freedom Foundation (MRFF) received several emails regarding an exhibit
The news story of the year has not been Donald Trump; it has been the \u201d#MeToo\u201d movement, where brave women denounced sexual
Congressional Republicans\u2019 final tax legislation proposes cutting taxes as expected for businesses, the wealthy and some middle-class Americans.
Officials in Nazareth are not happy that Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
A former campaign staffer and a lobbyist have said Rep. Ruben Kihuen propositioned them for sex, touched them inappropriately and/or sent lewd text messages.
Their fight must become ours as well.
Members and aides anticipate more lawmakers getting swept up by allegations.
\Where should we send the lumps of coal?\
But they insist they didn't give that a thought.
The U.S. government told a D.C. jury that six people -- including a photographer and two medics -- \u201cagreed to destroy your city.\
Sen. Marco Rubio apparently got something for his vote, while Sen. Bob Corker just said yes.
\We singles live empty lives of quiet desperation and will die alone,\ she wrote.
\I\u2019m not really sure.\u201d
The FCC voted Thursday to overturn rules that ensured ISPs couldn't play favorites with websites and services.
The same man arranged Donald Trump Jr.'s meeting with a Kremlin-linked lawyer.
Economic security is quickly becoming a luxury of the past.
We spent Monday and Tuesday in \u201cDewey Defeats Truman\u201d mode, fully preparing to write a piece on the election of Republican
People are ultimately creatures of story, and story matters more \u2013 especially when the story has the emotional power of Birmingham Sunday.
Once almost unthinkable, this is now a distinct possibility.
She alleges years of unwanted advances.
Their letter comes after Republican congressional leaders pushed back on conducting an investigation.
I love Newtown. I love the people. I love the landscape. I love the annual Labor Day parade. I love it more now, having watched
The U.S. Has a New Set of \u201cAmbassadors\u201d
\We should all be able to agree that our response should be informed by sound scientific evidence,\ they wrote.
\u201cI owe her an apology,\ Biden said in a recent interview with Teen Vogue.
\Wait come back, we need a shot of you rolling your suitcase out of the board room and getting into the cab.\
\u201cI have spent three decades in this field, and the last five years have been among the most productive I have ever witnessed.\u201d
His father implied in a tweet the senator was willing to trade sex for campaign contributions.
Recent events have put the death penalty and wrongful conviction on center stage in America. Last month, a California man
Congressional Republicans are putting the final wrappings on the Christmas present President Trump promised \u2013 a \u201cgiant, beautiful
Tuesday\u2019s election in Alabama came as a welcome surprise for Democrats. For the first time in a quarter century, the state
The congressman regularly made sexually explicit remarks and called aides \u201cf**ktards,\u201d the aide said.
Don't hold out hope that Rubio will kill the bill, though.
Robert Mueller is closing in on the president. Much like a python wrapping itself around its prey, his investigative noose
Elite commandos deployed to 149 countries in 2017.
\u201cI\u2019d tried to quit on my own many times but it only lasted for a few days or weeks,\u201d Johnson said. \u201cI thought about getting
Over 1.1 million children and teens attend more than 1,800 New York City public schools. About one-third of these children
Rep. Dan Johnson had been accused of sexually abusing a 17-year-old friend of his daughter in 2012.
By Latasha Greer With the end of the year looming and Congress rushing to get things done, the reality of income-support
President Trump has reportedly already invited Moore's opponent -- and now senator-elect -- Doug Jones to the White House.
This fight isn't over.
For the majority of Americans, the deadline is Friday.
Their statements ahead of the FCC vote boldly argue against what they say will be a disaster for the American people.
Their new tax bill lavishes breaks on businesses that underpay what they owe.
The progressive activists, ignited by the Democratic Senate win in Alabama, trained their efforts on Republican swing votes.
The former \Apprentice\ star slammed news outlets reporting otherwise.
Blame macroeconomics, not avocado toast.
We can either talk about gun control now, or wait for more children to die later.
London Breed has taken on the role after Mayor Ed Lee's sudden death.
Blame everyone. Except the candidate accused of sexual assault.
Republican Roy Moore couldn't overcome accusations of child molestation.
Knowing the warning signs of someone at risk can help prevent shootings.
The bloodletting begins.
The senator's office and a former staffer have said the document is fake and the allegations in it are \completely false.\
Coming forward was an act of incredible bravery.
Nearly 4 in 10 Trump voters even said the allegations are credible in a new poll.
\u201cDon\u2019t just overlook the hard work that we did,\u201d said one black woman who canvassed for Doug Jones.
\We wish her the best in future endeavors.\
That was awkward.
The number of local ordinances across the country banning the sale of pets from commercial breeders has grown from about
In deep-red Alabama.
\We elected a Democrat in deep red Alabama tonight,\ said Elizabeth Warren.
Earlier this year, I penned a letter to our outgoing Senator, incoming US Attorney General Jeff Sessions. You aren\u2019t supposed
In the entire 128-year existence of the Wall Street Journal, they have never criticized the Federal Bureau of Investigation
The number of incidents and innocent lives lost is so painful.
Many of the fraudulent comments expressed support for repealing net neutrality.
But here I am.
Once again, Donald Trump pummels reality to please his base. As often, his cudgel is race. His Justice Department, the New
Yes, he needs to go.
The GOP tax bill contains several provisions that will undercut America's colleges and universities.
Coauthored with Frances Moore Lapp\u00e9. Originally published in Yes! Magazine. Democracy lives or dies on the quality of public
They stayed behind the scenes, but they were involved in the Alabama Senate race for months.
Most of the details remain a secret.
Trump may have lost even more stature, but not enough for the GOP Congress to turn on him.
\When we speak together, we're a force to reckon with,\ Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards said.
\When you say it\u2019s state government, you do a disservice to women,\ he told a woman asking about harassment in state government.
A former DOJ official says one of Trump's judicial picks misled the Senate about his knowledge of a campaign to intimidate black voters.
Ouch.
\Let\u2019s not play games,\ one senator said. \There\u2019s nothing you can do to shame him into resigning.\
\u201cThe record is clear
Collins believes, or claims to believe, that Paul Ryan can be trusted to protect Medicare.
Jones will be Alabama's first Democratic senator in 25 years.
The lesson to Democrats
\u201cWomen who accuse anyone should be heard,\ Haley said.
\u201cWhen the vote is this close, it\u2019s not over,\ the embattled former judge told his supporters, adding that he would seek a recount.
Gov. Tom Wolf plans to veto a highly restrictive abortion bill passed by the state's legislature.
Now Republicans could drag their feet before swearing in Democrat Doug Jones.
The Senate is expected to vote on the bill next week.
Democratic Rep. Marcy Kaptur later attempted to clarify her comments.
A judge dismissed just one of the felony charges against six defendants on Wednesday, leaving them exposed to potential lengthy prison sentences.
The revelation raises questions about the use of public funds related to Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke's activities and travel.
\They cheated soros interfered.\
Trump endorsed Moore and defended him against the nearly 10 women who have brought credible allegations of sexual misconduct.
The state will be represented by two female senators.
\u201cAny bit of suppression can make a big difference\ in a close race, warned one voting rights advocate.
Exit polls suggest 80 percent of white Christians who self-identified as born-again or evangelical voted for Moore.
The company dismissed criticism for manufacturing overseas and called out White House ties to a uranium mining company.
More than 100 representatives of all genders signed a letter Tuesday calling for Congress to open an investigation into Trump.
Yes, this is real.
Most people have probably heard about Mick Mulvaney\u2019s seizure of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) as Donald
Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com Sometimes I wonder what school I went to. I mean, I know perfectly well. I attended a place
To investigate Mueller's team.
I originally wrote \u201cTrump Hits New Low\u201d as this article\u2019s title, but then realized that it was far too generic a headline
It is important that voters and legislators never forget that we have the power to act.
\Dear Alabama, less is Moore.\
For many of us who have lived through a decades-long fight for recognition and public condemnation of sexual harassment
\We got to have higher standards in this country and we need to hold these people very accountable,\  said Melinda McGillivray.
New data actually shows a slight dip in use among teens.
They want a probe into \obvious conflicts of interest\ in the Department of Justice.
It could be yours for the low, low starting price of $50,000.
Will Republican Roy Moore eke out a win in Tuesday's special election?
\u201dLet\u2019s just meet.\
\MAGA
\When the nation\u2019s commander-in-chief refuses to acknowledge a threat to U.S. democracy, it makes it all the more difficult to address the problem,\ the fact-checking organization said.
\You can't have a white separatist running for office,\ the NBA legend says.
Rice, an Alabama native and former secretary of state, called on voters in Tuesday's Senate election to \stand for our core principles.\
Senate Republicans already have a thin margin for error, but they\u2019re hoping to finish their tax bill before the Alabama winner is seated.
Lee was the city\u2019s first Asian-American mayor.
The president was widely criticized for a tweet suggesting the senator \u201cwould do anything\u201d for campaign donations.
Rahm Emanuel said the Windy City is adopting policies that don't jibe with the administration's.
Construction on America\u2019s largest wind power plant began last year in Oklahoma. This project, the Wind Catcher Energy Connection
\u201cFake news would tell you that we don\u2019t care for Jews,\u201d she said while defending husband Roy Moore.
\It's just a sin.\
The president tweeted a sexually suggestive attack at the senator Tuesday morning.
Tuesday's special election for U.S. senator is likely to be close.
\I don\u2019t think Ventura County is well-positioned to absorb an impact of this size.\u201d
\Got any assignments you want to throw at me?\u201d Alexei Wood asked in one email to an editor before Jan. 20.
Gregg Pemberton was quizzed about his use of Twitter by defense lawyers.
The New York senator called on Trump to resign after several women asked Congress to investigate their stories.
\u201cIt\u2019s not even subtle,\ said one senator.
His \spectacular\ comment didn't land him on Twitter's leaderboard.
Alabama Republicans are willing to eat their own.
The newly conservative National Labor Relations Board may scrap worker-friendly reforms made under Obama.
Republicans voted to put Leonard Steven Grasz onto a circuit court for life, despite his abysmal American Bar Association rating. Way to go!
The Vietnam incident ended up showing Moore as \morally straight,\ a former fellow soldier says.
\u201cWhat the government is suggesting is an end run around the right to habeas,\ said U.S. District Judge Tanya Chutkan.
This October, the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) reported that its estimate of the cost for the planned \u201cmodernization
Colorado officials and pro-abortion advocates are ecstatic over new statistics showing that the teen abortion rate has dropped
A new report on pervasive child sexual abuse among Afghan security personnel, prepared by the independent Special Inspector
Toward the conclusion of Charles Chesnutt\u2019s great American novel The Marrow of Tradition (1901), at the culmination of his
Cross-posted from\u00a0TomDispatch.com It\u2019s been going on for so many years \u2015 Predators cruising, looking for their prey. Some
Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com What makes a Harvey Weinstein moment? The now-disgraced Hollywood mogul is hardly the first
I believe that in the long run, many of the Trump Administration\u2019s policies will be reversed since they do not reflect mainstream
The aborted terrorist attack in Manhattan makes me wonder why the United States goes out of its way to inflame crazies into
And they're voucher schools.
This morning at 10:30 am EST / 7:30 am PST, Trump\u2019s accusers will share their stories and call for an investigation into
The Trump administration\u2019s new restrictions have proven to be a far greater barrier to refugees than even his temporary ban, data shows.
\It should be stopped.\
In its 2015 Obergefell v. Hodges decision, the United States Supreme Court ruled that same-sex couples have the Constitutional
There have been strong hints of that finger point in the final run up days to the election.
Abortion and Nancy Pelosi are the other two topics of the group's targeted digital ads.
Transgender people can start enlisting on Jan. 1.
And the most vulnerable are low-income families, children and communities of color.
\I wish I could have continued my service to the national Republican Party that I used to know well.\
The warning comes after special counsel Robert Mueller's office alleged the former Trump campaign manager helped write an op-ed defending his overseas work.
\I think that's a mistake.\
\Dear Alabama, don't vote for a pedophile. It\u2019s that simple.\u201d
Republican leaders claim that they are the party of family values. They are not. They also claim that they understand and
The veteran of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit says he's \not too worried\ about the allegations.
Not because the polling is bad, but because in elections like these, it\u2019s really hard.
\u201cThis one\u2019s serious,\u201d Obama says in the call, telling Alabama Democrats to \u201cget out and vote\ in Tuesday's special election.
Net Neutrality, a rule presently enforced by the Federal Communications Commission, means that your Internet Service Provider
Rep. Gwen Moore is worried about the Senate's teenage interns if he wins election.
\These allegations are credible; they are numerous,\ she said. \President Trump should resign.\
Infrastructure Week stretches all year.
Press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders admonished reporters for \purposefully misleading the American people.\
The Moyers team has been in the fight for net neutrality from the very beginning. Our documentary Net at Risk was perhaps
Bravo, Democrats.
After being rocked by Hurricane Harvey, will Texas pick Democratic Rep. Beto O'Rourke over an oil industry-funded climate change denier?
Even before the US Senate recently confirmed President Trump\u2019s pick of a former coal executive to head the U.S. Mine Safety
\People are being held accountable for unwanted behavior, but we are not holding our president accountable for what he is and who he is.\
Millie March, famed for supporting Donald Trump's presidential campaign, traveled to Alabama for a sit-down with the Senate candidate.
Advocates are worried the state's voter ID law, and confusion over another law, will suppress voter turnout.
With the Democratic Party\u2019s \u201cUnity Reform Commission\u201d now history, major political forces are entering a new stage of contention
The news outlet confused the photos of Trump's principal deputy press secretary and a former Obama official.
To paraphrase Shakespeare, the president doth protest too much.
Here is a story relevant to the tax reform bill being hammered out in Congress. It will take a minute, so please stick with
Now that the Republican tax bill has exposed the class warfare that underlies the party\u2019s motivations, we\u2019ve heard Democrats
Alabama voters went strongly for Trump in last year\u2019s presidential election.
Trump family would also make out like bandits.
But Richard Shelby says he still wouldn't vote for the Democrat in the race.
The president is all in for the GOP Alabama Senate candidate.
\u201cI think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way - they have every right to speak up.\u201d
Another member of the Trump administration points the finger at the media after reports shine a light on government spending.
\When you ask a black person about a choice between two white guys, it\u2019s always, well, which one of them are the least of a shyster?\
\I just watched Al Franken do the honorable thing and resign,\ the Democratic senator said. \Why isn't Donald Trump doing the same thing?\
The Trump administration has a \u201cstinging disrespect\u201d for diplomats, she wrote.
Three years of progress are ending as a reversal begins.
Trump inauguration demonstrators are facing severe felony charges that critics say threaten to chill future protests in Washington, D.C.
Inside the antifa movement's struggle to continue its long, colorful legacy of cracking white supremacist heads without alienating, well, just about everyone.
A House committee is targeting the outdoor retailer, a move that's raised ethical and legal questions.
On the heels of the Senate\u2019s massive tax giveaway to the ultra-rich, the tilt by Mitch McConnell and other establishment
Watch live.
\u2026 They have become great and rich; they have grown fat and sleek ... they judge not with justice the cause of the fatherless
North Korea conducted its highest missile test yet. So much for the Trump administration\u2019s forlorn hope that Pyongyang\u2019s
The unilateral American recognition of Jerusalem not only prejudges one of the conflicts most sensitive issues, it does so in Israel\u2019s favor.
This is the America that we believe in.
U.S. Supreme Court granted a request by Trump\u2019s administration to block the immediate release of documents concerning his decision to end the DACA program.
Jerry Brown rips the president's  \reckless disregard for the truth\ as his state burns.
President Trump was in Pensacola, Florida Friday night to \u201cun-officially\u201d drum up support for accused pedophile and Alabama
The administration has done virtually nothing to advance the right to vote, a pillar of the civil rights movement documented at a new Mississippi museum.
\u201cKate, who was such a beautiful young American woman ... . She was killed by this guy, an illegal alien,\u201d Trump says at a Florida rally.
The president criticized the \fake news media\ during a Florida rally.
The president also told the crowd to \Get out and vote for Roy Moore\ for Senate.
It's the second known instance of a lawmaker using taxpayer dollars to quiet misconduct allegations.
No Democrats were invited, Jewish or otherwise. No heads of major Jewish congregations who\u2019d dared criticize him or his administration.
Pai stars in a skit saying he was \brainwash[ed] and groom[ed]\ to be FCC chairman.
That's awkward.
The Democratic Party comes one step closer to healing the wounds of the 2016 primary.
\You are Exhibit A why a family tree should fork and culture should be a bouillabaisse of the best of all people.\
(But if there were, Christmas would be winning.)
The middle class will be hardest hit by premium increases.
Dear Alabama Voters\u2026 I hope you have an amazing weekend of relaxation and fun times with friends and family. But I also hope
4 million U.S. citizen children will plunge back into poverty. The Congressional Budget Office analysis showed that families
Rep. Steve King\u2019s latest tweet once again puts him in the company of neo-Nazis, KKK members and fascists.
\I do not watch much television,\u201d the president said last month.
The nightmare scenario is the loud, messy collapse of a society full of weapons, money, frustrated young people and extremist tendencies.
\You've got to pay attention \u2014 and vote,\ the former president said.
The former \Fox & Friends\ co-host says she assumed they just \went the wrong way.\
By Thomas Kennedy When Donald Trump decided in September to end the DACA, Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, the Obama
The probe will likely revive the controversy over fetal tissue transfers, which was sparked by debunked videos released by the anti-abortion group in 2015.
The first lady asked for peace, health, love and kindness, but apparently not irony.
The cat, who moved with the family to Washington D.C., was 16 years old.
In a recent survey, nearly a third of local government IT officers reported a spike in cyberattacks during the past 12 months.
Why does our civil society \u2015 the domain of markets, nonprofit groups, families, and neighborhood life \u2015 flourish while our
Many of us would like to believe that this new Republican party under Trump is something of an anomaly
To win, Doug Jones is banking on high turnout among the state\u2019s nearly 900,000 African-American voters, who make up 26.6 percent of the electorate.
Last week, when Genaro Rojas Hernandez, an immigrant from Mexico, decided to comply with his legal duty to go to court and
Nunes stepped aside from leading the committee's investigation of Russia and the 2016 U.S. presidential election in April.
Can You Believe? Can you believe Chuck Grassley claiming that people who aren\u2019t rich \u201care just spending every darn penny
The Texas congressman is accused of settling with the woman he fired using a taxpayer-funding account.
Ford hit Michigan and its auto workers with some crappy holiday news. Instead of building a $700 million electric vehicle
And bankrolled by taxpayer money.
They call it a \stark, inexplicable, and unwarranted attack on the constitutional principles that lie at the heart of our system of government.\u201d
Comey had \guts\ when the FBI was investigating Clinton, Trump said, months before he fired the director.
By Helen Li In 2017, the campaign for Virginia governor elect Ralph Northam estimates that canvassers knocked on almost 4
Don\u2019t kid yourself
But the veterans \gave it to 'em pretty good,\ the president says on anniversary of the 1941 attack.
Trump Jr. told investigators he does not recall the emails, CNN reports.
\u201cNet neutrality equals democracy,\ said one protester.
When victory is more important than values democracy suffers. In the early morning hours on December 2nd the Senate Republicans
Senator Al Franken announced his resignation yesterday amidst accusations of inappropriately touching multiple women after
He had said earlier that he would resign next year.
\It's time to fret, we cannot let them have the net.\
The tax plan currently being considered by Republican leadership is a broken promise.
Get to the chopper.
His career has been defined by his extreme, bigoted, theoconservatism.
\The greatest foreign influence in our elections are aliens who are getting on the rolls,\u201d said one member.
Gloria Allred, attorney for Moore accuser Beverly Young Nelson, laid out the expert\u2019s findings at a press conference.
The Maine senator said she'd support the tax bill on certain conditions that nobody promised to meet.
\Families were united\ then, the Senate candidate actually told an African-American person.
\u201cFor the rest of your life, you will be proud if you vote this bill down.\u201d
Concern over slurred words called \u2018ridiculous\u2019
The White House confirmed the news on Friday.
The president's approval rating continues to fall in his first year in office.
Tension between Saudi Arabia and Iran now defines the world's most combustible region the way the Israeli-Palestinian conflict once did.
Farenthold, a Texas Republican, reportedly settled a sexual harassment claim with taxpayer money.
U.S. Senate candidate says the United States \promotes a lot of bad things.\
\Fox & Friends\ piled on the Olympic ski champ.
House and Senate Republicans are committed to cutting entitlement programs and, in so doing, forcing Donald Trump to renege on a crucial promise to his voters.
Same-sex weddings are expected to begin in 2018.
Greeting climate-change victims with a man-made dystopia.
Franken's Senate colleagues, led by women senators, are calling on him to resign.
A huge database of personal information \is an extremely attractive target for cyberattacks.\
The company is one of eight plaintiffs in a federal complaint that aims to protect Utah national monuments.
Strap on your can-kicking shoes.
Cross-posted from\u00a0TomDispatch.com Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands.\u00a0 The U.S. got clobbered.\u00a0 Three category
\There is no finer institution than the FBI,\u201d Director Chris Wray told Congress.
A lawyer for the former Trump campaign manager argued that Special Counsel Robert Mueller's restrictions team went too far.
The president's \America first\ moves continue to provoke widespread backlash.
The reports could jeopardize the political future of retired Rep. John Conyers' son.
Idina Menzel sent a pointed message to Elaine Chao
Al Franken was forced to resign because of pressure from his colleagues, who chose not to give him due process of an ethics
The compensation payments were made to nearly 200 survivors.
They say the Minnesota senator has fallen victim to a \lynch mob.\
Donald Trump Jr. declined to discuss with lawmakers a conversation he had with his father about emails related to his Russia meeting.
\If that\u2019s part of my job as a campaign manager, I do it all.\u201d
The VA had planned to slash funding for a program that has helped thousands of veterans escape homelessness.
The long-suffering American hope that economic liberalization would yield intellectual and political freedom in China is
\u201cSometimes you just get one wrong \u2014 and that\u2019s what happened here,\ MSNBC President Phil Griffin said.
A pro-Jones super PAC is highlighting Roy Moore's ties to white supremacists.
The legal presumption of innocence is not the same as innocence itself.
The transportation secretary later said her comments weren't intended as advice for other women.
With Franken announcing his resignation over sexual harassment allegations, here's a look at who could take his place.
\Democrats fire harassers. Republicans promote them. #GroperInTheWhiteHouse\
The South Dakota Republican's 1994 story does not apply today.
\u201cWe do big stuff, that\u2019s who we are, that\u2019s how we roll.\
Ryan Zinke is planning a major agency overhaul. His secrecy mirrors the Republican Party's \legislative fly-by-night style,\u201d said one House Democrat.
The population of incarcerated Americans has swelled, harming our national economy and calling our humanity into question.
From guns to health care, the GOP\u2019s commitment to federalism ends where progressive policies begin.
A woman who was interviewed as part of the company\u2019s HR probe separately told HuffPost that Ford harassed her one evening in Manhattan several years ago.
\u201cPresident Trump\u2019s attendance and his hurtful policies are an insult to the people portrayed in this civil rights museum.\
The announcement came one day after a Volkswagen executive was sentenced to prison for an emissions scandal.
But 58 Democrats voted for impeachment.
Earlier this week, the president publicly endorsed the alleged child predator running for Senate.
What are Republicans so afraid of?
\We are making it known that this is a rainbow movement,\ Rep. Karen Bass said.
Have the Republican greed-hound toadies gone too far? How much are the American people going to take before they replace
The women said they'd cautioned her aides in 2008 and 2016.
\Guys, I think Secretary Perry might drop an album.\
Many Texans say they're still \not getting the help\ they need in the aftermath of the disaster, according to a new survey.
Republicans and Democrats are getting closer on spending deals, but conservatives still want a say.
Bannon criticized Romney, but worked for accused draft dodger Donald Trump.
Recognizing Jerusalem as Israel's capital only pleases right-wingers who are happy to see the occupation continue.
Two more women have now accused the Democratic senator of sexual misconduct.
\u201cThe Democrats are really looking at something that is very dangerous for our country.\
Republicans are making college inaccessible to all who aren't wealthy, and that will impact our nation gravely
\A lot of women have come forward and accused me of doing things!\ one attendee said. \Half of them are true!\
White evangelical Christians overwhelmingly support Trump. They also overwhelmingly believe God gave Israel to the Jews.
For 40 years, the White House Council on Environmental Quality has carried out its mission under presidents of both parties.
This post first appeared at BillMoyers.com on November 22, 2017. In case you haven\u2019t noticed, this is an extraordinary moment
There\u2019s a movement happening, but to limit it to Christmas is missing the point. It\u2019s a broader ideological war on ignorance
At this week's Department of Education ongoing public meeting to advance Betsy DeVos's plan to repeal and replace the Obama
Alexei Wood and five others are on trial in D.C. in a case that raises big First Amendment issues.
The senator said the government has the tools to tackle monopolies. It just needs to use them.
World leaders warned that the move could risk regional instability.
This post first appeared at BillMoyers.com on October 18, 2017. Back in the 1930s a scholarly intramural feud to choose the
This post first appeared at BillMoyers.com on October 30, 2017. EDITOR\u2019S NOTE
This post first appeared at BillMoyers.com on November 21, 2017. Editor\u2019s Note
The House bill would \u201cendanger people in states with stronger gun laws,\ said one gun-control advocate.
These \u201cpro-family\u201d Republicans want to get rid of the tax credit that assists families with adoption.
A whistleblower said the former national security adviser made the claim just 11 minutes into Trump's presidency.
Facing pressure, the American Legislative Exchange Council disbanded a task force focused on elections in 2012. Now it seems to be taking a renewed interest.
The Republican candidate for U.S. Senate has been accused of sexual misconduct.
Franken is set to make an announcement about his political future on Thursday.
Deutsche Bank has loaned the Trump organization millions of dollars for real estate ventures.
Your Energy, an industry front group, claims to have recruited 10,000 people to its cause of battling pipeline protesters.
It is becoming clear that the current administration sympathizes with Israel more than its Arab partners.
\u201cThat is your voice, I was there, you were there, that\u2019s your voice on the tape.\
Experts at Harvard discuss the latest on big data and information technology.
Kennedy is a long-time champion of gay rights, but the court appeared closely divided after an intense oral argument.
Jay Sekulow told The New Yorker that even if collusion happened, it would violate no criminal statute.
Republican Party judges people for \who they love\ but won't reject a \pedophile,\ says Michael Steele.
Debbie Wesson Gibson showed The Washington Post her high school scrapbook, which included a graduation card written by Moore.
The retailers are taking a stand against President Trump's decision to drastically shrink two national monuments.
The \resistance\ so far is woefully inadequate.
Flake added \Country over Party\ on the check and tweeted an image of it.
K.T. McFarland told Congress she didn\u2019t know of any communications between Flynn and the Russian ambassador \u2015 but emails tell a different story.
Summer Zervos, who has accused the president of sexual harassment, appeared in court for her defamation suit Tuesday.
The message may have run afoul of IRS rules.
The Republican Party has established that it will embrace accused sex abusers, as long as they can win.
It is a bit incredible that we are again being told tax cuts directed primarily toward the wealthy will create a surge of
Following Trump's endorsement.
Conyers is currentthe longest serving member of the House.
First published in The Boston Globe. In Syria, headlines tell us, America and its allies have all but terminated ISIS\u2019s misbegotten
Don\u2019t expect the outbursts, the Islamophobic tweets or any  of it to end soon. It rallies the base. It works and he knows it.
The veteran congressman announced late Tuesday morning that he would retire from Congress.
The Fool's Gambit.
When it comes to Trump's version of \u201cpopulism,\u201d Eastern Europe led the way.
\u201cPresident Trump has perpetrated a terrible violation of America\u2019s public lands.\
FCC chairman Ajit Pai is speaking at an event tomorrow at Verizon Headquarters in Washington, DC, just days before a planned
Republicans are from Mars, Democrats are from Venus?
Originally published in The Progressive, December 5, 2017 The guilty plea by former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn
\It\u2019s never too late for a man to be held accountable for his crimes,\u201d the Democratic candidate said.
The move follows an endorsement from President Donald Trump.
The \Strong Families\ tax credit is yet another handout to big businesses.
The stakes are high with redistricting battles on the horizon.
Gentrification and frustration with the outgoing mayor have put the city in play for independent Mary Norwood.
Mueller has asked Deutsche Bank for data on Trump's finances for his Russia investigation.
The administration says the changes will steer more money to cooks and dishwashers. Worker groups say it will lead to lower pay and wage theft.
\I just want to give these freaking people a taste of their own medicine,\ the suspect said, according to police.
They also say paying estate tax isn\u2019t a bad thing. Sorry, Chuck Grassley.
A sweet deal for companies that already have a sweet deal.
Multiple former female staffers have accused the congressman of inappropriate touching and propositioning them for sex.
At least nine women have accused the Alabama Republican Senate candidate of sexual misconduct.
Nothing says American statesmen like a Twitter tiff.
A regular HuffPost Contributor, Jennifer Rand has written several other articles on gun violence prevention, including \u201cWe
The revelation could spoil a bail deal that the former Trump campaign manager reached with special counsel prosecutors.
We lose all moral authority to call out the abominable behavior of Moore and Trump if we refuse to call it out on our own side.
Attorney John Dowd also said Trump knew Michael Flynn lied to the FBI before firing James Comey.
\We're not the United States without the First Amendment,\ says the actor.
The action fits a long pattern of discrimination and disrespect.
That's why the richest deserve a break on estate taxes, says Chuck Grassley.
But there are suspicions retiring Rep. Luis Guti\u00e9rrez tried to tilt the contest.
Imagine with me \u2014 since extraordinary times call for extraordinary imaginings \u2014 that tonight, with little forewarning, there
And urged his followers to sue ABC News.
Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Few Americans ever took in the vastness of the prison outsourcing system the administration
There are only days or weeks to go before both houses will vote on a reconciled bill. And there\u2019s only one way to stop the legislation from becoming law.
\Hillary Clinton lied many times to the FBI, and nothing happened to her.\
Around this time last year, I shared my wish list for 2017. Happily, two-and-a-half of my three wishes actually came true
Although the U.S. peace movement has been on the wane for about a decade, it remains a viable force in American life. Organizations
The decision means that the ban will now go fully into effect for people seeking to enter the United States from Iran, Libya, Syria, Yemen, Somalia and Chad.
Matt Dababneh allegedly forced a woman to watch him masturbate in January 2016.
Would the Democrats\u2019 Alabama Senate candidate do better if he were anti-abortion? Maybe not.
The former Proud Boy marched with white supremacists in Charlottesville.
Would the Democrats\u2019 Alabama Senate candidate do better if he were anti-abortion? Maybe not.
An estimated 122 people lose Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals protections per day -- even though Republicans insist they have until March to act.
Moore is accused of sexually harassing or assaulting several women, including some who were teenagers at the time.
Everyone knew about Moore's alleged predilection for young girls. Nobody could stop it.
And what they think about the case against Michael Flynn.
It's time to put women in charge, the former U.S. president says.
In September Donald Trump threw himself a big party at New York City\u2019s Le Cirque Restaurant with 150 of his richest friends
John Dowd, Trump\u2019s personal lawyer, pretended to fall on his sword to exonerate Trump from a tweet that looked very much
\u201cThere\u2019s not going to be a government shutdown.\
European leaders yearn for stability in U.S. foreign policy.
The tweet implies Trump knew Flynn lied to the FBI when he fired him.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein thinks \we're beginning to see the putting together of a case\ against the president.
Just another Sunday morning for the president on social media.
The pact\u2019s \u201cglobal approach\u201d was \u201csimply not compatible with U.S. sovereignty,\u201d said Nikki Haley, U.S. ambassador to the UN.
Trump's advisers worked to ease relations with Russia after the Obama administration imposed sanctions, according to the New York Times.
The two met in New Delhi to discuss promoting peace and a \sense of oneness\ in a divided world.
\Our vision, your vision, is gaining momentum all across this country,\ the Vermont senator told those gathered at a rally in Ohio on Saturday.
\The voters of Alabama will make their choice,\ the Senate Republican leader says.
I am afraid of the truth about being male.
\I actually have more than other people who use it more often.\
Republican senators have just voted for their version of the Trump tax scam legislation, a huge giveaway to the super-wealthy
\Wanted to avoid using Failing Times New Roman...\
Rep. Blake Farenthold appears to be the only congressman to use funds from an oversight office to settle a sex harassment claim.
With Jared Kushner in the hot seat, Ivanka has pleaded for her father's help, the Watergate reporter says.
\u201cTrying to review the #GOPTaxScam but they are making hand-written changes to brand new text as we speak. Can anyone else read this?\u201d
Susan Mulcahy, formerly a gossip writer for the Post's Page Six, believes Trump would grow bored with his job if people stopped paying attention to him.
Although they don't seem to hate it as fervently as they did the effort to repeal the ACA.
The former national security adviser may testify that a senior member of Trump's transition team told him to contact Russia about an upcoming United Nations vote.
\u201cThe Arctic Refuge isn\u2019t a bank \u2014 drilling there won\u2019t pay for the tax cuts the Senate just passed.\u201d
\u201cIf it creates jobs or loses them \u2015 who knows? Certainly no one here.\
The Nevadan's former campaign staffer told BuzzFeed she quit because he made unwanted advances.
The bill was passed in Saturday's early morning hours.
But there are suspicions that retiring Rep. Luis Guti\u00e9rrez tried to tilt the contest.
\This corruption is hollowing out America's middle class & tearing down our democracy,\ Sen. Elizabeth Warren tweeted.
Congratulations to private schools!
In my first piece on Masterpiece Cakeshop v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission, I addressed the free speech issue posed in
Wasn't this supposed to be for the middle class?
The former Proud Boy marched with white supremacists in Charlottesville.
Conway slammed Alabama Senate candidate Doug Jones on national TV in violation of the Hatch Act, document argues.
The lies went into overdrive to influence the election, NBC News says.
Trump\u2019s former national security adviser admitted lying to the FBI. Who\u2019s next?
Cruz said there's \a rich irony\ to watching Democrats deal with accusations against Franken.
Senate Republicans are squabbling over relative tax benefits for the richest companies.
Nghia Hoang Pho worked in an elite hacking unit.
Fewer than half of Trump voters who saw the posts said they strongly approved.
\Life comes at you fast.\
After the announcement, Sen. Jeff Flake said he would vote for the bill.
They are trying to shift the blame to Obama. Seriously.
\u201cAny development footprint in the refuge stands to disrupt this fragile, critically important landscape,\u201d the 12 House GOP lawmakers wrote.
The United States Congress and Trump administration are engaged in a morally abominable massacre of the hopes, dreams and
British Member of Parliament Sam Gyimah also said he was \deeply uncomfortable\ about a possible Trump visit to the United Kingdom.
Problems with a tax increase \trigger\ cause an eleventh-hour scramble.
The former FBI director tweeted a Bible verse just after Flynn pleaded guilty.
Pence has tried to distance himself, but he\u2019s supposedly the reason Trump\u2019s national security adviser got fired.
In March, Trump said Flynn should request immunity and the investigation was a \witch hunt.\
It\u2019s easy for parents working in the gig economy to evade child support. State officials are searching for ways to track
GOP lawmakers are planning an historic transfer of wealth that favors the privileged and squeezes the less-advantaged.
Elect a clown, expect a circus.
Why we need to stare at you know who.
The case against Jose Ines Garcia Zarate became a rallying cry for President Donald Trump during his campaign for the White House.
A vote is still expected today.
The Republican lawmakers could move to a final vote late in the day.
Trump is running out of options to contain the damage Flynn can do to him. Let\u2019s take a quick look at them.
A history lesson for the Trump administration.
Several women have accused the senator of groping them.
An independent review published on Friday faulted law enforcement agencies for breakdowns in planning and coordination.
He said the congressman could decide within days if he'll remain in office.
He called the decision \a complete travesty of justice.\
He said he's only focused on misconduct in Congress.
Trump's son-in-law might have been at the center of an elaborate, multinational effort to undermine then-President Barack Obama.
Rep. Blake Farenthold told an aide he had \wet dreams\ about his communications director, a lawsuit said.
The polls are wrong, the opposition is distorting the truth, and tax cuts are \generally unpopular.\
Automatically registering voters instead of having them choose to register could have huge consequences.
\The media has been speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson or that he would be leaving soon,\ Trump tweeted, \FAKE NEWS!\
Summer Zervos' attorney confirmed that oral arguments will take place over Trump's motion to dismiss the case.
The mishap came amid a long day of controversial tweets from the president.
The senator said in a statement that the bill's \net effect on our economy would be positive.\
And the deeply troubling, bot-fueled surge of anti-Muslim activity on Twitter over the last year, as revealed by a new report.
The comedian replied with a zinger of his own.
The president was trying to \elevate the conversation\ about terrorism, according to White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
\The president is mistaken,\ tweeted Clifford Levy, the paper's deputy managing editor.
But the Maine GOP senator says it's not \helpful\ that he promotes racist conspiracy theories.
The president did his own imitation as he promoted GOP tax legislation.
Moore accused the LGBT community of wanting to \change our culture.\
Marion Brown said she decided to break a non-disclosure agreement \to stand up for all the women in the workforce that are voiceless.\
The course criticized women's suffrage and said women shouldn't hold political office.
Congress has long exempted its own members from laws and regulations it imposed on all others. Most recently, this we-are
In December, the members of the Democrats\u2019 \u201cUnity Reform Commission\u201d will make their recommendations to the Democratic Party
A sexually explicit photo of the Texas Republican recently surfaced.
The judge ordered the government to tell her by 5 p.m. whether the prisoner has been advised of his rights and whether he has asked for a lawyer.
The TV spots write themselves.
Multiple reports detail the \Today\ show star's history of sexual misconduct.
After neo-Nazi and alt-right celebrations of Confederate Civil War monuments in Charlottesville, Virginia in August, and
He could use this moment to encourage other white men to be honest about their role in perpetuating immoral political structures.
\At the end of the day the congressman will rise and fall on his own merits,\ he said.
\u201cI hope he\u2019s a better golf player than he is a president, because he surely isn\u2019t a good president.\
The military has held the unnamed detainee for 2\u00bd months without allowing access to legal counsel.
The ACLU will argue that by keeping the suspect\u2019s name a secret, the government is effectively denying him access to justice.
President Donald Trump has claimed widespread voter fraud lost him the election in the state, but has presented no evidence.
They both attended a meeting with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
The minister's eldest son was accused of abusing children at an orphanage run by the family.
In a worrisome signal for a hot heartland housing market, many midsize cities saw a bump in foreclosure starts in the third
Bears Ears National Monument would lose its name, be cut by 85 percent and be split into two smaller sites, documents show.
The Census Bureau faces budget shortfalls and is cutting back on testing. But an inaccurate count could have severe consequences, especially for people of color.
GOP lawmakers are placing faith in corporations to do \u201cthe right thing.\u201d
Earlier this week, Pelosi refused to say whether he should resign or whether she believed the women who have come forward with sexual misconduct allegations.
The accusers include an Army veteran who said he groped her and a former elected official who said he kissed her.
The president, who has been accused by at least 16 women of sexual assault or harassment, has used the vulgar term before.
Even if the tax cuts boost growth, the central bank could slam the brakes.
The president said this kind of thing wouldn't happen anymore.
Pompeo has long been considered a replacement for Tillerson.
While offering no details of his own plan for North Korea, Trump has pinned much of the responsibility on China, which experts say will do little to solve the crisis.
He still claims all the women who accuse him are liars, and now reportedly says the \Access Hollywood\ tape is fake.
The designation is a matter of politics, not policy.
Barry Myers, chief executive of AccuWeather, has previously pushed to privatize weather data.
\Christmas comes early!\ wrote the White House press secretary.
Behind closed doors, Republicans in the U.S. Senate are wheeling and dealing on a tax bill to complement the terrible one
In response to North Korea\u2019s latest ballistic missile test, which flew higher and farther than any of its previous launches
Lawmakers are advancing the bill as fast as they can, with some major policy questions unanswered.
The true story of Pocahontas is one of rape and abuse \u2014 which indigenous women still experience at alarming rates.
Harold Frazier said Trump should also apologize to the nation for his Pocahontas remarks.
Democrat Dana Nessel says she won't show her penis in a professional setting -- because she doesn't have one.
Leigh Corfman asked the Alabama Senate candidate to stop calling her a liar.
An entire year of legislative defeats has grated on the GOP. Their promised Affordable Care Act repeal failed \u2013 again and
By Emma Leathley Outside spending against Democratic incumbent Sen. Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin has so far exceeded the combined
By Susan Blumenthal, M.D. and Alexis Boaz Despite months of Congress\u2019 repeal and replace attempts and President Trump\u2019s executive
As Republicans in Congress contemplate scrapping the federal historic preservation tax credit, recent experience in several
Experts warn this is no longer a hypothetical.
Despite its exclusive benefits for uber-wealthy Americans, a broad swath of the population still opposes repealing the estate tax. Why?
Justice Sonia Sotomayor noted that most Americans \u201cwant to avoid Big Brother.\u201d
New details have emerged on how the former national security adviser allegedly lobbied for a foreign business deal.
\We all believe in due process, I hope,\  Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D-Md.) said.
We are living in a state of constant and overt racism under this administration. Still reeling from the decision to rescind
Because \facts do matter.\
They made major progress Tuesday.
Democrats were lining up to help Trump lift bank regulations. But that was before his latest jab at \Pocahontas.\
His attack on registration clinics run by activists was egregiously misleading.
Fewer people would have insurance -- and more would struggle with medical bills.
The 2016 Crime in the United States report omits key data about homicides and drug arrests.
Wait, what?
A video shot by Project Veritas takes center stage in the ongoing felony prosecution of six individuals caught up in a mass arrest on Inauguration Day.
The tweets came from a British far-right leader with a history of spreading hoaxes.
\ud83c\udfb8\ud83c\udfb8\ud83c\udfb8
With a series of casual retweets, the president has once again spread anti-Muslim sentiment.
San Gabriel police officers allegedly used mock Asian accents to speak to colleagues and referred to residents as \u201cf**king gooks.\u201d
Will the holdouts actually hold out?
An ethics watchdog group wants the Department of Justice to investigate whether Kobach used his official position to advance his paid work.
Not exactly what most Trump voters bargained for.
Leandra English told reporters that \u201cMulvaney has no authority\u201d at the agency.
It is akin to selling cigarettes to raise money for lung cancer research.
Republican legislators are intentionally deceiving Americans about who foots the bill as they cut taxes for the rich.
A federal judge declined a request for an emergency restraining order to stop Mulvaney from taking on the position.
The congressman urged state officials to think about climate change, pollution and Native American rights.
Democrats want to turn the CFPB leadership battle into a referendum on the president\u2019s professed populist agenda.
Schumer and Pelosi refused to meet with Trump after he tweeted he didn't \see a deal\ coming together.
Deanna Maher, his former deputy chief of staff, says the veteran congressman inappropriately touched her and asked to have sex with her.
The Alabama Senate candidate called the accusations \malicious\ and \false.\
Democratic leaders said they would negotiate with their Republican counterparts if the president isn\u2019t serious about averting a government shutdown.
She was there to help Tillerson slash budgets and push out diplomats.
\u201cIt is a situation that we will handle.\u201d
The tax reform bill that the Senate is rushing to pass this week has several flaws, but one is especially disappointing for
As Congress debates plans to give even more money to the country\u2019s richest people, it is worth briefly recounting where the
Solutions to the climate crisis are possible, asserts former U.S. Energy Secretary Dr. Ernest Moniz, but the nation needs
The tale of two directors.
Trump's populist narrative is not likely to work, not for long anyway.
The prominent pro-immigrant,  anti-Trump representative was first elected in 1992.
Earlier this month, Twitter un-verified several white supremacists\u2019 accounts.
Adding to the existing tax burden on the middle class by repealing the SALT deduction is a big step in the wrong direction.
\Don't kill us; kill the bill.\
\u201cI believe these women, I see the pattern and there is only one conclusion,\ Rep. Pramila Jayapal said.
On Sunday, the House Democratic leader wouldn't say if the congressman should resign.
Isn\u2019t it time to stop talking about \u201ctrickle down economics\u201d and come up with some new phrase?
The actor also struck a serious tone with a call to action for Democrats.
\He said every one of those words.\
Our friends at The Trace have released a treasure-trove of data which should be used to set a new standard and direction
This legislation would ensure members of Congress are subject to sexual harassment training and settlements are made public.
Leandra English and Mick Mulvaney both claim to be the rightful acting head of the bureau.
A video from the \ultraconservative\ Project Veritas could play a key role in the ongoing felony trial of six arrested at inauguration demonstrations.
Donald Trump's nominee to replace Tom Price exemplifies the worst of revolving-door Washington.
An alternative strategy for 9/12/2001.
The most common response to those who actively oppose Israel\u2019s violations of human rights was encapsulated in a column in
\What Trump displayed today was an embarrassment to our values,\ said Tom Perez, chair of the Democratic National Committee.
The Massachusetts senator weighed in on the battle for leadership of the consumer protection agency she helped create.
The Minnesota senator told reporters Monday that he was \u201cashamed\u201d of groping allegations against him, but would not resign.
An order to use nuclear weapons \u2015 except possibly in an extreme circumstance of self-defense when the survival of the nation is at stake \u2015 would be an unlawful order.
Republicans in the House would scrap the writeoff, but their Senate counterparts would double it.
Expanding health insurance would provide substantial benefits.
Trump has expressed implicit support for the alleged sexual predator.
The GOP plan will only exacerbate the damaging effects of growing inequality.
Hiring and keeping qualified IT staffers, particularly cybersecurity experts, is a serious problem for states. \u00a0 Internships
Generals in the White House could politicize the military, warns Michael Mullen.
In the world of international affairs, a classic trade-off question is guns or butter. In domestic affairs in the United
Democrats need a landslide in order to overcome GOP gerrymanders.
\I would break with the president on this,\ David Urban said.
There are people attempting to frame support for a free and open internet as a \u201cleftist\u201d cause. This is despite the fact
Cross-posted from\u00a0TomDispatch.com Consider the latest news from America\u2019s war zones, still spreading across the Greater Middle
Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., says he understands why Hillary Clinton decided to write her campaign memoir, \u201cWhat Happened,\u201d which
Let the countdown until the royal wedding begin.
\The Mooch\ argued that two opinion pieces in The Tufts Daily \u201ccontained several false and defamatory statements.\
\Short of [murder], I'm not sure there's anything you can say, 100 percent, that will kill off somebody's career.\
Leandra English has sued the Trump administration over its appointment of Mick Mulvaney.
\If you receive additional communications from her today... please inform the General Counsel,\ Mulvaney wrote in a memo.
The first daughter's clothing line is manufactured entirely overseas \u2014 including in India.
Warren said it\u2019s \u201cdeeply unfortunate\u201d the president couldn\u2019t get through the event without \u201chaving to throw out a racial slur.\u201d
Florida is the most pivotal state in American politics, because it is a demographically evolving swing state with the fourth
For the president, the hostile takeover of the MAGA mantra is the stuff of catastrophe.
Those tweets about Obama's golf habit aren't aging very well.
Sustainable capitalism is basically an oxymoron.
Senate candidate Roy Moore was reportedly among those officers targeted by their own men.
Twitter LOVED his happy message to the couple.
The danger is that \u201cwhite privilege\u201d still comes across as an accusation, whether it is meant that way or not.
Robert Jay Lifton studied Nazi doctors and the threat of nuclear annihilation. But global warming changed everything.
Rep. Filemon Vela (D-Texas) slammed the president over his response to Friday's mass shooting that left more than 300 dead.
The high-profile attorney said \basic fairness and decency\ dictates that her client should be able to speak out.
Whenever the people are well informed, they can be trusted with their own government; that whenever things get so far wrong
Not even the politically vulnerable ones are afraid to defy Trump.
Tim Scott of South Carolina says Moore needs to \move on\ rather than seek a Senate seat.
She also would not affirm whether she believes the women who have accused the veteran Democratic congressman of sexual harassment.
\Mr. Conyers was a gentleman and never behaved in a sexually inappropriate manner in our presence,\ the women wrote in a statement Sunday.
The House Democrat continues to deny the multiple allegations.
\Trump cares about a vote in the Senate -- no more, no less,\ Fiorina said about the president's implicit support for Roy Moore in the Alabama race.
The dig follows a Justice Department lawsuit to block AT&T's merger with Time Warner, which owns CNN.
\u201cOur schools, hospitals, concert venues and churches are now all battlefields.\
\u201cSomeone has a lot of catching up to do,\u201d Pete Souza teased while showing a collection of past magazines.
They were the ones who first put the idea on the agenda.
\u201cThere\u2019s a $3.00 upcharge to read the Huffington Post?! When did they start charging?!\u201d You might ask, indignantly, soon
President Trump asked an important question.
The law in question punishes the victim while allowing the victimizer to continue its crimes.
The move sets up a critical battle over who will keep banks in line.
Time later tweeted that the president was \incorrect\ about how the magazine chooses a finalist.
No senior State Department officials will accompany her to a business summit there.
\MAGA
Financial capital is people, my friend.
The former Trump aide\u2019s \u201ceveryday carry\u201d did NOT go unnoticed by Twitter users.
The White House has been trying to shut women up this whole time.
The 93-year-old surpassed former President Gerald Ford.
Democrat Doug Jones is trying to distinguish himself from the national party while scandal swirls around his GOP Senate rival.
Retired Lt. Gen. Mark Hertling characterized Trump's call to troops as \off-kilter.\
Think tax cuts and Sean Hannity's ratings.
\u201cWhen you brag about sexually assaulting women and then you get elected anyway, there\u2019s no barrier to entry anymore.\u201d
About that \doubled\ standard deduction...
Democrat Doug Jones is trying to distinguish himself from the national party while scandal swirls around his GOP Senate rival.
This was the week that the President of the United States told voters to choose an accused pedophile and disgraceful bigot
He called the president a \5th degree black belt when it comes to sexual impropriety allegations.\
\Enough is enough,\ said Rep. Kathleen Rice (D-N.Y.). \Why are the rules for politicians in Washington different than they are for everyone else?\
Earlier this week, two more women accused the senator of inappropriate touching.
About that \doubled\ standard deduction...
The young Obama's private life \should be OFF limits.\
\This does not qualify as an actual thought.\
That's nearly one-third of his presidency.
\Thanks Obama!\
Animal advocates fear an \uncomfortably cozy and even improper\ relationship.
\Kindness and empathy are still present in the hearts of our citizens.\
Melanie Sloan said she reported his behavior in the 1990s, but was told she was \mentally unstable.\
It is wishful thinking to believe that politics has nothing to do with this; it has everything to do with it.
Donald Trump is just keeping with a long tradition in this country.
\We all know credible allegations when we hear them.\
\His only way of dealing with them is to attack them,\ said Tony Schwartz.
The Texas Republican\u2019s sexts don\u2019t appear to be non-consensual, though posting them online certainly was.
The former national security adviser could be trying to negotiate a deal with the special counsel.
The FCC plans to vote on a plan to eliminate net neutrality next month.
\u201cI don\u2019t know where he was raised, but his family didn\u2019t do a good job raising that guy,\ said Jim Kenney.
One woman told HuffPost that Franken had grabbed her backside at an event honoring women.
So bad, it's good.
Voters in California and Ohio have rejected measures meant to limit state spending on prescription drugs. But advocates say they plan to keep trying.
At least five states and three countries are investigating Uber's conduct.
For all its prestige, the U.S. Supreme Court has issued some highly questionable rulings in recent years. Its 2010 decision
What a time we live in. A long hushed horror over sexual harassment risks spilling over into hysteria, mainly because its
As of Oct. 31, the U.S. Air Force had dropped 3,554 bombs on the country -- more than 2.5 times the number dropped in the entirety of 2016.
As Thanksgiving rolls around this year marking the beginning of the holiday season, we are able to pause and reflect on all
Deny, obfuscate, and distract at all costs.
\He was no more \u2018groping\u2019 me than I was \u2018strangling\u2019 him in the photo I just tweeted,\ the media mogul says.
New York's attorney general says the federal agency is holding up an investigation.
\The President tweets with tears streaming down his face and snot coming out his nose.\
Despite a year of his denials, the evidence of collusion between Donald Trump\u2019s campaign and Russian intelligence is looking clearer.
Seeking to capitalize on the Republicans\u2019 disarray, public cruelty and Trumpitis, the Democratic Party is gearing up for
In a win for telecom.
\We reach this conclusion with an incredible amount of disappointment.\
The U.S. is considering targeted sanctions against those responsible.
The Justice Department cited a 2015 lawsuit alleging the university discriminates against Asian-American applicants.
He has awakened our country from its slumber.
I wrote a piece this week about the counter-intuitiveness of liberal women defending accused sexual-harasser Sen. Al Franken
And more of the latest polling news.
With the DACA deadline looming, these Christians want their voices heard.
One former Census official said the White House's reported pick for a high-level Census post was mind-boggling.
Donald Trump has not built a border wall with Mexico, slapped punitive trade barriers on China, revived American coal mining
\u201cI am sorry I did not use better judgment,\ Rep. Joe Barton said of the photo that appeared to show his genitals.
And Congress isn't adequately dealing with it.
He called a UCLA basketball player's father, \u201ca poor man\u2019s version of Don King, but without the hair.\
\u201cI didn\u2019t realize it until some time later that when they said he liked young girls \u2014 I just thought he liked young ladies, you know, younger than him, maybe in their 20s.\
\He said, 'I am sorry if she felt she didn\u2019t get a fair hearing.' That\u2019s sort of an 'I\u2019m sorry if you were offended.'\
Projections suggest millions will lose coverage; the Alaska senator says she simply wants to allow choice.
Republicans are using employee achievement awards and parking benefits to pay for a corporate tax cut.
That's how many people helped raise $124,000 for her after she got fired for flipping off President Donald Trump.
In 2017, all eyes were on Virginia. The Commonwealth was one of only two states holding statewide elections this year. The
Public defenders say the funding problem they\u2019ve been shouting about for years is at a crisis point.
How Atomwaffen wants to make Helter Skelter real.
Their union would create one of the largest media monopolies in U.S. history.
The politicization of the judicial branch has reached new heights.
\u201cWe don\u2019t need a liberal person in there,\u201d the president said, referring to Moore\u2019s Democratic challenger Doug Jones.
First published in The Boston Globe. At the request of Senate Democrats, the Government Accountability Office is investigating
Trump's FCC Chairman thinks Comcast should have even more control over your internet than it already does.
The House Ethics Committee said it has launched an investigation into the matter.
\Give it up.\
Trump had been accused of using it as a political slush fund.
Rep. John Conyers reportedly settled a wrongful dismissal complaint.
We hope that by giving up food, we can show our congressional representatives just how important this is. Just how much is on the line.
It\u2019s hard to see the rationale here.
The U.S. will end the special status in July 2019.
Cross-posted with\u00a0TomDispatch.com Who even remembers that, back in September 2002, Lawrence Lindsey, then President George
The enemy of our enemy is still a war criminal.
We must demand accountability from people who have used power to coerce others into sex.
Trump's suspension of trophy imports suggests \the existence of a small island of decency in a sea of sociopathy,\ one climate scientist said.
Rep. Diana DeGette says former San Diego Mayor Bob Filner once tried to forcibly kiss her. Former Rep. Donna Edwards also said he behaved inappropriately toward her.
The state assemblyman announced Monday he'll resign immediately.
\Drumstick has a very, very bright future ahead of him.\
In a major, thorough and truly important piece of investigative reporting, Brian M. Rosenthal, Emma G. Fitzsimmons and Michael
The famine and shortages of medicine result from the Saudis deliberately blockading Yemeni ports.
Ideology, nepotism and, above all, unpredictability.
Making nuclear weapons usable again.
Cross-posted from\u00a0TomDispatch.com Speaking of the situation on the Korean peninsula, he predicted that there would be \u201cthe
This is the second assault allegation made against the senator.
America remains split on whether lawmakers should try to take action to reduce massacres.
It's a concrete way for newly elected Democrats to protect workers and the middle class.
The Minnesota Democrat has made a name for himself with his tough questioning of Donald Trump's nominees.
Activists had asked the U.S. Senate minority leader to speak up.
Meanwhile, the Trump administration is pushing anti-trans policies.
MSNBC's Kasie Hunt broke down the \convoluted\ process.
The cult leader was 83.
In this, the third and final part of this series, I will explore the reactions to Executive Order 9066 in the 75 years since
I worked in New York City placing people with Developmental Disabilities into jobs for eight years. It was one of the most
The GOP is taking advantage of Americans\u2019 fear of tax season to shift the tax burden down the income ladder.
There are \lots of questions\ about the \legitimacy\ of Trump's victory, she says in an interview.
Just the fact that he has a political adviser is a harbinger of things to come.
No, you're toast, Trump tells \Jeff Flake(y).\
Donald Trump attacked the deal on the campaign trail last year.
\There is no Senate seat worth more than a child,\ she said last week. Unless that Senate seat is voting on tax reform, apparently.
There may be no good explanation for why these events happen, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't try to prevent them.
Utah Republican Orrin Hatch called \u201cbullcrap\u201d on Ohio Democrat Sherrod Brown last week. The Senate Finance Committee lion
\He touched me under my clothing and he tried to get me to touch him as well,\ Leigh Corfman said.
It will trigger automatic cuts of 400 billion dollars over the next ten years.
Critics accused him of trying to intimidate voters after he pushed for an investigation into people who may have violated a new law in the state.
Their disapproval of him is nothing new.
The U.S. government plans to seek felony convictions for nearly 200 inauguration protesters. The first trial is now underway.
The first female chair of the Federal Reserve declined the option to stay on as a lower-ranking Fed official.
Conor Lamb will face GOP state Rep. Rick Saccone in the March 13 special election in Pennsylvania.
Air Force General John Hyten said he had given a lot of thought to what he would say if he received such an order.
No legislation sweeps across American interests quite like a tax bill.
It is appropriate that what may be a defining moment in the Republican Party civil war revolves around a senate race in Alabama
The Democratic Party hasn\u2019t claimed to be the self-appointed morals police of the nation for the past few decades.
The president lashed out at LaVar Ball, the father of one of the basketball players, in a tweet Sunday.
Marc Short says the president has \concerns,\ but won't say whether Trump believes the women alleging sexual misconduct.
The early signs look good. It's not clear how much they mean.
In Part I of this three-part series, I traced the events leading up to President Franklin\u2019s Roosevelt\u2019s decision, on Feb
\u201cIf it becomes an impediment to getting the best tax bill we can, then we are OK with taking it out.\u201d
\u201cWell, if they\u2019re credible, why wouldn\u2019t you believe them?\u201d NBC's Andrea Mitchell asks budget director Mick Mulvaney.
An editorial prominently displayed by the papers endorsed Democrat Doug Jones in the Senate race.
The clear winners in the GOP tax plan are the already wealthy and powerful.
\We're not stupid people,\ nuclear commander Gen. John Hyten said at a forum Saturday.
The Trump Organization's Inflated revenue figures are \flagrantly untrue,\ said a Crain's reporter.
City Councilwoman LaToya Cantrell is the city\u2019s first female mayor.
If 2016 was the year of Trump, then 2017 is the year of unmasking, with many decades worth of problems coming out into the
The president was blasting Sen. Al Franken when at least a dozen women have accused him of similar behavior.
Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey said Friday November 17 she plans to vote for Roy Moore in the Dec. 12 election for the U.S. Senate
He halted his administration's decision earlier this week to lift a ban on the import of elephant parts from two African nations.
Tracing the history of one of the most unconscionable tragedies in American history.
They were calling on Congress to protect young undocumented immigrants.
The attorney general's joking followed a congressional grilling for apparent discrepancies in his stories about Trump campaign contacts with Russians.
\u201cHe did a bad thing and the condemnation has been universal, which he deserves.\
What is happening?
Why one of the most liberal lawmakers in the Senate is backing it and what it really means.
Ivanka Trump helped a fugitive become the leading broker on the Trump Ocean Club International Hotel and Tower.
On November 3, the chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Court (ICC) informed the court\u2019s Pre-Trial Chamber, \u201d[T
The investigation into connections to Russian meddling in the 2016 election appears to be heating up.
Expansion of detention centers to support a Trump administration push for more deportations is meeting resistance in some
If we really want to confront rape culture, we need to start at the White House.
The city council passed legislation to make it illegal to share \intimate images\ of someone without their consent.
American Christianity is perpetually involved in politics, but the rise of Donald Trump and his continued support among white
This post first appeared at BillMoyers.com. OK, you know the scenario by now. Congressional Republicans propose \u2014 surprise
I got a call from Bernie Bernstein of the Washington Post, offering me $300 to keep writing this feature. I was caught off
We knew more women were running for office, but we didn\u2019t anticipate this!
Jamie Johnson apologizes for the \manner\ in which his ideas were expressed in 2008.
Sixteen women have accused the president of sexual misconduct.
Can You Believe? Can you believe Trump taking Putin\u2019s word that the Russians did not interfere in our election over the unanimous
By Paul Waldman This article originally appeared at The American Prospect. Subscribe here. The Republican Party, home of
An event in support of the Senate candidate touched on an unexpected range of topics.
This guide outlines the positions of Doug Jones and Roy Moore.
Gov. Kay Ivey said she was committed to getting a Republican in the Senate.
HuffPost wants to hear from you if Kushner's company was your landlord.
Republicans' hypocrisy continues.
We've been down this road before.
And President Donald Trump chimed in.
\u201cI come from the poor people and I\u2019ve been here working my whole stinkin\u2019 career for people who don\u2019t have a chance,\u201d Orrin Hatch said.
Eight women defended the senator in the face of a radio anchor's allegation that he inappropriately kissed and groped her.
Republicans are rushing to pass a tax bill that could have all kinds of side effects.
Several states across the country continue to impose the death penalty, even as the practice is continually botched, with horrific results.
The president conveniently failed to mention his own troubled past.
The provision is really just a tax break for companies that already offer some paid leave.
Lilian Adams and Zoey Jordan Salsbury worked on opposite sides of the Democratic presidential primary. But they had similar problems.
The digital firm owns several sites, including Vox.com, SB Nation and Eater.
The New York Democrat said the former president would've had to step down if the revelations occurred today.
The spill this week is the largest in the existing pipeline's history.
Trump's having a tantrum, Nunes gets an ice cream cone in campaign ad.
The retweet has since been taken down.
\u201cThe government is promoting bad behavior.\u201d These were Rick Santelli\u2019s words on the floor of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange
And the latest whip count.
Republicans worry the Alabama judge could damage the party brand.
The Republican-led FCC voted 3-2 to eliminate a 42-year-old rule.
Though the House now has passed its version of tax reform with only Republicans voting for it, an overwhelming amount of
Ryan Zinke has dismissed the controversy surrounding his use of private planes as \BS.\
Moore\u2019s \u201cWhat about Clinton\u201d defense is no defense at all, but it is food for serious thought.
The Mandalay Bay resort, the concert organizer and the manufacturer of bump stocks are named as defendants in the massacre that killed 58 people.
Hurricane Maria has left Puerto Rico devastated.
They'll probably still pass the bill, but they're having a good sweat.
This administration is disrespecting the basic tenets of American democracy.
Critics call the White House chief of staff\u2019s strategy unreasonable.
Looking back at the last tumultuous year, to me, one of the saddest aspects of the Trump candidacy and presidency is that
Five years after the Oak Creek massacre, what have we learned about hate?
Leeann Tweeden said there's \strength in numbers\ for victims of assault in the post-Harvey Weinstein era.
The Senate Judiciary Committee wants more information from Trump's son-in-law.
The Democratic senator was indicted on 14 charges, including public corruption.
Critics say the move could harm consumers, small businesses and access to the internet.
\He came at me, put his hand on the back of my head, mashed his lips against mine and aggressively stuck his tongue in my mouth.\
No one seemed to care that the bill isn't particularly popular.
At a time when coal mining deaths are on the rise, the Trump administration has decided to allow that dreadful trend to continue
\u201cIt is extremely important that we make it very public so we can stop it,\u201d the California Democrat said in an interview.
Requiring proof of citizenship makes election systems so complex that eligible voters are disenfranchised, according to a
A woman has accused the senator of groping her without consent, and his colleagues say the claims should be taken seriously.
Perhaps it\u2019s our taste bud-burning chile\u2026or our smoldering scenic sunsets\u2026or maybe our desert dwelling adobes. Whatever it
Federal prosecutors argued Ahmed Abu Khatallah \hates America,\ is \guilty as sin\ and is a \stone-cold terrorist.\
The Senate nominee also writes a bizarre open letter to Sean Hannity calling the allegations a smear campaign by \liberal media.\
\u201cAll the focus has been on \u2018He\u2019s old.\u2019 OK, but he wasn\u2019t old when it happened to me,\u201d she told CNN.
But will the DCCC's frenzy of donations translate into electoral gains next year?
\Bring It On\ probably isn't the best phrase for him to use right now.
\No thank you. Would rather chew glass.\
The retail giant apologized, saying it failed to catch the tone-deaf products on its site.
We can't wait until November 2020.
The decision was made public by none other than the trophy hunting advocacy group that sued to block the Obama-era ban in 2014.
The Senate tax bill makes corporate cuts permanent, but household cuts temporary.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders would not say whether Trump believed the allegations against Moore.
Polls paint varying pictures on whether GOP voters think he should exit Alabama's Senate race.
In 1937, perhaps the most famous work on Western history, Mohammed and Charlemagne, was published two years after the death
by Emma Leathley In April, one of the Democratic Republic of the Congo\u2019s most powerful opposition leadersrequested Secretary
\u201cElevators were when you were captured,\u201d Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.) said.
A commissioner wants information from the Department of Justice on prosecutions for voter fraud.
Even as emissions from cargo vessels are surging, the industry is refusing to adhere to the Paris Agreement.
David Zatezalo's coal company ran afoul of safety laws while he was CEO.
Ha ha. Wait, what?
The Republicans in Congress have become modern-day Robin Hoods but in reverse.
A massive tax cut doesn't have to be regressive.
This story isn't about Republicans and Democrats.
In most states where state lawmakers are facing allegations of harassment, lawmakers haven\u2019t been receiving regular anti
Maybe they should worry, since a parliamentary quirk gives Democrats some leverage.
One Democratic senator said a new bill would turn a protected area \into a petroleum reserve\ if it passed.
The creator of a Latino Victory Fund video was once chased by bigots in a pickup.
St. Louis cops \exercised their discretion in an arbitrary and retaliatory fashion to punish protesters for voicing criticism of police,\ the judge ruled.
Phillip Jauregui wants a handwriting expert to analyze the signature.
The legislation aims to streamline the convoluted process through which staffers report incidents.
Rep. Mo Brooks (R-Ala.) ran down a stairway blaming Democrats.
We owe it to these women, and to all women, to hold President Trump to account.
Her dad still hasn't weighed in.
Most Trump voters say the current president's accusers lack  credibility.
Here's what it means for the legislation going forward.
Two other women have also publicly accused him of unwanted advances.
Access to insurance allows young adults to better plan when to marry and when to have children.
But it was singles -- so, you know, ordinary people can relate to that.
The president had earlier questioned whether his efforts would be recognized by the young men.
Corporations are people, my friends!
Among the casualties
The call claims to be from Post reporter \Bernie Bernstein.\
It's more complicated than just saying you don't support the Alabama nominee.
The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge should be off limits, they say.
As opioid overdoses spiral, first responders and public health agencies are adopting a smartphone application that tracks
In what is seen as a potential attempt to appease President Donald Trump.
A Senate committee realizes that Congress has zero say in a potential first-strike nuclear attack.
\u201cIt\u2019s really important for us to be fair,\u201d a city official said.
Trump told Pence to leave the game if players knelt.
Are Republicans shooting themselves in the foot again?
Many departments have rules that limit accountability and transparency, according to a new report.
I believe that all lives matter. And it is for that reason that I was holding that Black Lives Matter sign.
\u201cOur goal is not only to raise awareness, but also make abundantly clear that harassment in any form has no place in this institution.\
Many GOP senators have called on him to drop out of the Alabama special election amid allegations of sexual assault.
What did the vice president know, and when did he know it?
That\u2019s why we need you to step up on National Run for Office Day.
State Sen. Kevin Lundberg (R-Berthoud), who\u2019s running for state treasurer, is touting his endorsement by David Barton, who\u2019s
We can get to a simplified corporate income tax system that raises the same amount of revenue with much less waste.
What can we expect from the Trump administration on the nuclear weapons front?
This new document is well worth a read by anyone who cares about the future of the Democratic party.
For now, the social media giant is focusing just on federal elections.
Right now, there\u2019s a power vacuum in the conservative pundit world. Previous regular staples like Bill O\u2019Reilly and Rush
\They are bringing this on themselves,\ Joel Clement said.
On May 8, 2017, President Trump announced that he intended to nominate Magistrate Judge Terry Moorer to serve as a district
The attorney general also stressed that he is steering clear of involvement in the race for his old Senate seat.
As American politics grow more divisive and confrontational, many on the left are calling for President Trump\u2019s impeachment
Rep. Jackie Speier (D-Calif.) has been an outspoken advocate for making it easier for Congress workers to report sexual misconduct.
They have no idea why and don't want to talk about it.
Donald Trump has shoved the president\u2019s role as arms-purveyor-in-chief in everybody\u2019s face.
President Trump has questioned why the Justice Department isn't looking into Democrats. The attorney general says he's on the case.
\These other Republicans are the political field hands picking cotton on the Democrat plantation.\
\You read the story and it just shakes you.\
No more \if true.\
He didn't mention the human rights atrocities once during his 12-day Asia trip.
The New Yorker reports that Moore, now a Senate candidate, spent time there \u201ctrying to pick up younger girls.\u201d
The tax break for fetuses, also in the House bill, is part of a broader effort to establish \personhood\ rights and destroy Roe v. Wade.
\God willing...\
\u201cYou can\u2019t make this stuff up.\
\I should be able to give you better information today than I am,\ he said.
The CNN commentator thinks it's a very, very, very, very funny word.
\I will not accept and reject accusations that I have ever lied under oath,\ the attorney general said Tuesday. \That is a lie.\
This column was originally published by Truthdig.com. Vernon Madison has been on Alabama\u2019s death row for 32 years. Now 67
A Democratic wave in 2018 is looking more and more likely.
Let Evan McLaren march with his tiki-torch, but don\u2019t let him stain the state\u2019s assembly of lawyers in good standing.
A growing number of Republican senators have said Moore should drop out of the race.
Multiple women have also accused Donald Trump of sexual assault.
Just follow the facts.
The messages were handed over to congressional investigators probing Russia's influence on the 2016 election.
Two pastors reportedly said they weren't notified that their letter from August would be published again, and have asked for their names to be removed.
The president bragged that Alex Azar, who will oversee Obamacare, \will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices!\
Supporters have raised nearly\u00a0$60,000 for the woman who lost her job after giving Trump the middle finger last month. The
How a failed drug war will defeat Trump\u2019s Afghan adventure.
Ranking the week\u2019s 10 most disgraceful figures in Trump world.
The New Jersey Senate Democrat is charged with public corruption.
Cross-posted with\u00a0TomDispatch.com As you read \u201cInto the Afghan Abyss (Again)\u201d by historian Alfred McCoy, author most recently
With tough rhetoric, a shortened open enrollment period, and fewer federal funds, the federal government is making it harder
Most mass shooters target their loved ones or have a history of family violence.
The American Bar Association gave Brett Talley a \not qualified\ rating.
Is outgoing Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe a climate change denier? Just asking that question is bound to offend the governor
One and done. That phrase normally refers to college athletes leaving school after a year, but it also accurately describes
There's a whole list of meaningful gun safety measures that should be  easy to agree on.
Less than a month ago, most didn't believe their activism was effective. That just changed.
Moore \does not meet the ethical and moral requirements of the United States Senate,\ Sen. Cory Gardner said.
The \u201ccrisis pregnancy centers\u201d counsel women not to have abortions.
He also laughed when the Philippine leader referred to journalists as \spies.\
The 13-foot-tall Trump effigy shows him holding money, a gun, a nuclear missile and an excavator.
By Robert Glasser The Kyoto Protocol was adopted 20 years ago and since then we have seen an explosion of extreme weather
Thousands of donors have chipped in to provide Juli Briskman with an unofficial and unexpected severance pay.
Brett Talley, an Alabama district court nominee, was also rated \u201cnot qualified\u201d and has never tried a case. How is this guy about to become a federal judge?
Joe Biden made an unplanned appearance at the\u00a0Glamour\u00a0Women of the Year Live Summit\u00a0in Brooklyn on Monday morning. With his
\Believe it or not, I do not follow the tweets,\ chief of staff tells reporters.
The 20-year-old alleges that a guard in ICE detention mocked his prosthetic leg.
The Republican Senate nominee has been accused of sexually assaulting a 14-year-old girl.
\It is my connection with him,\ the former vice president told Megyn Kelly Monday.
More than 400 millionaires and billionaires penned a letter to Congress.
\u201cI think Mr. Putin is very clever in terms of playing to Mr. Trump\u2019s interest in being flattered,\u201d former CIA Director John Brennan said
And they thought it was \weird,\ according to former deputy district attorney.
Toomey said he didn\u2019t find Moore\u2019s denials of sexual misconduct \u201cterribly credible.\u201d
\u201cAs currently led, by fine people, I believe very much in our intelligence agencies,\u201d said Trump.
He also blasts those suspicious of his Russian relationships as \haters and fools.\
A workplace injury and its aftermath were a political wake-up call for Virginia state delegate-elect Lee Carter.
Former refugees Ramin Haghjoo and Nima Nia reflect on love and fear in the Age of Trump.
A democratic system can withstand political differences and vigorous debate and emerge even stronger. But transparent and
Another supporter turns to the Bible to defend Alabama's GOP Senate nominee after sexual misconduct accusations.
Should the bill pass, Republicans in Congress will need to answer to millions of Americans who see their  ambitions of owning a home go up in flames.
\u201cI am not guilty of sexual misconduct with anyone,\u201d the Senate hopeful said.
Why is Harvard doing this?
Steve Schmidt's reality check
The recently declassified trove of documents known as the \u201cJFK Files\u201d caused a frenzy among historians, politicians and pundits
The disgraced Senate candidate fits into a legacy of infamous Alabama politicians.
The messaging was clear
Returns from recent elections demonstrate a severe backlash to Trump that may reverberate throughout 2018.
Ending a deduction that benefits university workers is even worse than people think, say two tax experts.
The GOP seems to be on the verge of crippling infighting that may threaten the party for decades.
He also took shots at the former heads of national intelligence, the CIA and the FBI.
Attempting to defame and discredit the abused is a tried and true method of silencing them.
Sens. Steve Daines (Mont.) and Mike Lee (Utah) announced their decision Friday evening.
The alleged plan emerged during Mueller\u2019s wider investigation of possible Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.
The Alabama GOP Senate nominee has been accused of molesting a 14-year-old girl in 1979.
In 2010, the passage of the ACA helped crush them in the midterms. Now the party is embracing it.
The Senate candidate from Alabama has denied the accusations of four women who were teens at the time.
What is rock bottom when it comes to our participatory democracy?
So, about that ...
\You can\u2019t be a victim 40 years later, in my opinion.\
Will the Democratic Senate leader be able to keep his caucus together on taxes?
Last week's indictments are just the tip of the iceberg.
First published in The Boston Globe. On Tuesday, a wave of anti-Trump sentiment propelled a middling Democrat to Virginia\u2019s
Stateline home page Sign up for exclusive state policy reporting and research A Growing Market In the wake of massive data
Today was a day of action for a clean DREAM Act.
Can You Believe? Can you believe Trump\u2019s saying \u201cEd Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for\u201d?\u00a0 Gillespie
You read that right. And here's what it means for Trump's new Fed chair.
If politicians truly wish to support veterans, they should protect and expand the government programs that serve them.
GOP senators had to face questions about whether they will stand by the Alabama Senate candidate.
Thousands have been killed in the Philippines president\u2019s war on drugs. The White House says Trump has a \u2018warm rapport\u2019 with him.
by Umaima Jafri The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not reflect the views of
On election day in 2016, Donald Trump surprised most of us by defeating Hillary Clinton (although he garnered only 46.1 percent
\u201cWhen the United States enters into a trading relationship with other countries or other peoples, we will from now on expect that our partners will faithfully follow the rules.\
The Trump administration's self-professed care for victims of the opioid crisis is undercut by its incrimination of marijuana users
Here's what could happen to Moore on the Alabama Senate ballot.
He's not saying Moore should go \if\ the sexual assault allegations are true. He's telling him to get out now.
The 442nd Regimental Combat Team was made up of Japanese-Americans, many of whom served when their families were imprisoned behind barbed wire.
The network's legal analyst tells Hannity that false reports are common ploys for money.
The state's electoral map has been described as one of the most egregious cases of gerrymandering in the U.S.
What would it take, exactly?
One year into the Trump presidency and the sense that \u201cthe system is rigged\u201d endures. A new Washington Post poll finds that
Hidalgo\u2019s team is asking the court to strike down Arizona\u2019s death penalty and rule on the constitutionality of capital punishment nationwide.
House and Senate Republicans both want to enrich the rich, but in different ways.
And Sen. John McCain called on Moore to \immediately\ step aside.
He'll be a perfect fit.
\u201cHe\u2019s clean as a hound\u2019s tooth.\
His announcement comes days after several big Democratic wins in the state.
\u201cI wanted it over with \u2014 I wanted out.\
These concerns include unfettered access to the China market, cybersecurity and the growing presence of China\u2019s ruling Communist Party inside foreign firms.
Here are four different scenarios for Moore and the Republican Party.
For the first time in an entire year, millions of Democrats woke up hopeful Wednesday. Rather than the continuing despair
If Tuesday\u2019s election results are an indication, Republicans are in a state of dire panic. The GOP was dealt a crushing blow
Tuesday\u2019s election of an unprecedented number of women, gender non-conforming and minority candidates was a powerful renunciation
Republicans know it, but they lack the courage to say it aloud.
By law, if you\u2019re charged with a crime in the U.S., you have a right to counsel, no matter your ability to pay. That\u2019s not
As Americans, we take pride in honoring our nation\u2019s service members and veterans \u2014 the brave individuals who are willing
Maine Secretary of State Matthew Dunlap has expressed frustration over the lack of information on the commission's activities.
It's a sharp departure from his recent predecessors, who pushed Chinese officials to allow reporters to ask questions of the two countries' leaders.
Just when you thought things could not get any more surreal or unsettled, the recent election results confirm that sometimes
You will not stop the tax cuts. Nothing must stop the tax cuts.
\I just feel equal to all other citizens.\u201d
\I'm not joking.\
\u201cThis is not a choice between energy and the environment,\u201d the senator said. \u201cWe are past that.\u201d
According to the Congressional Budget Office, the current GOP tax plan would add $1.7 trillion to the national debt.
The former Trump campaign manager says he's working with a company developing secure, virtually indestructible phones. That's questionable.
\u201cThe most excited group out there are big CEOs,\ said Gary Cohn.
The Democrat easily defeated Republican Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno.
Ralph Northam's win could have consequences for more than a decade.
\We thank you for the memories.\
Maria Elena Hernandez is one of about 5,300 Nicaraguan immigrants set to lose temporary protected status in 2019.
Brett Talley is the president's fourth judicial nominee given the lowest marks by the ABA. Embarrassing!
\There is no conflict in this country between being a Sikh and being a successful American.\u201d
Ed Gillespie is a \Republican swamp thing\ who should have relied more on President Donald Trump, they say.
The egregious violation of freedom of the press in Turkey has reached a mammoth proportion that places Turkey among the most
A lobbyist with major security-related clients is helping the White House push Kirstjen Nielsen. Come on!
Spencer wants a white ethno-state, but he can barely pull off a campus speech.
The State Board of Education\u2019s vote marks a setback for ethnic studies advocates.
A three-judge panel of the 5th Circuit seemed skeptical of arguments that the law should be halted as a suit moves forward.
\u201cI now felt like a citizen. I now felt like I will make a difference in some kind of way,\ said LaVaughn Williams, who voted for the first time on Tuesday.
Our nation's willful ignorance regarding gun violence and its root causes suggest the crisis will continue.
Pissed off women FTW.
They came out in droves. Fired up and resisting. Democrats. Independents. Moderate Republicans. Women. People of color. Gay
Democrat Danica Roem defeated the Republican who  wrote the anti-trans bathroom bill.
Who are you gonna believe, the politicians or the people who aren't running for office?
Most voters don't regret the choice they made at the ballot box last November.
And HuffPost is partnering with the Global Drug Survey to help facilitate it.
It ain't pretty.
Democrats are \u201cbreathing a sigh of relief,\u201d a Virginia politics expert says.
\u201cThis is what a movement looks like,\u201d he said during a victory speech.
Inside the blue wave.
\u201cWe will offer a path to a much better future,\ Trump said before South Korea's National Assembly.
The former Trump campaign manager is involved in a mysterious telecommunications company out of Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
It comes after deadly mass shootings in Nevada and Texas.
Provo Mayor John Curtis will fill the seat vacated by Jason Chaffetz. A third-party candidate had hoped to capitalize on unease with Trump.
Thank God for the electoral college.
\See, racism does not win.\
Trump says Gillespie, who ran a Trump-style campaign, \did not embrace me or what I stand for.\
The merger between AT&T and Time Warner is a problem, with or without CNN.
Stateline home page Sign up for exclusive state policy reporting and research By Sophie Quinton \u00a0 Las Vegas\u2019 reputation as
Some Republicans might think twice before voting to raise middle-class taxes.
Fort's populist bid drew attention to challenges facing the city's working class.
And only 1,091 days to go until the 2020 election!
The political hypocrisy of crony capitalism \u2013 \u00a0touting market capitalism while making taxpayers fund corporate welfare \u2013 is
Listen to Americans tell their own stories.
The movement that formed in the wake of her loss helped propel Democrats to election victories.
...and it only took four words.
In Virginia, New Jersey and Washington, a blue wave rises.
We all deserve access to medical care so we can pursue the American Dream.
The Republican plan sharply reduces individual and corporate tax rates.
Rest in peace, Paddles.
\The right thing to do is pray in moments like this.\
Page met with Russian Deputy Prime Minister Arkady Dvorkovich during a trip to Moscow, while serving as a Trump campaign adviser.
Trump and the GOP haven\u2019t --and won\u2019t -- connect the dots on the shootings and the victims to themselves, because they don\u2019t see the shooters as one of them.
We asked people who use drugs to share their experience with us.
Trump's comments were like calling England \u201ca country of knights in shining armor.\u201d
Secretary of the Treasury for the .01 percent.
Let\u2019s start with the big picture. House Republican leaders just put out their tax plan\u2014after, of course, negotiating only
\Some of those they are harshly treating have been 'milking' their country for years!\ the president said on Twitter.
\u201cIt\u2019s not accidental\ that 75 percent of officeholders are men, former Texas gubernatorial candidate Wendy Davis (D) says in the video.
What is this allegation against Trump and when did you hear the media describe it clearly?
Cross-posted from\u00a0TomDispatch.com Who can keep up with the madness of our never-ending Trumpian media moment? Each day is
Samantha Bee and Molly Crabapple explain why deporting immigrants makes America neither greater nor safer.
The former DNC chief's book, however, is getting attention for very different reasons.
While cities around the country are daydreaming about their hail mary economic development plan, otherwise known as the second
The Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) reported that productivity grew at a 3 percent annual rate in the third quarter of 2017
The Republican tax bill, as David Brooks highlights well in his recent New York Times editorial, is the clearest elucidation
The nation\u2019s longest-serving female legislator says when it comes to winning and wielding political power, women remain at
Republicans and Democrats alike should face the fact that a circular firing squad is unavoidable in a primary campaign with
They should make clear to those contemplating their use that the international community can track them down and prosecute them.
By Jasmine Moawad-Barrientos A new survey out this week says that one in ten Latinos face discrimination in America today
In memory of the victims we must go forward with a new resolve to reform gun laws that contribute to death and sorrow. For
Race-baiting gets amplified by a dedicated cyber troll network.
Ted Cruz echoes her message
Previous published on Boston Globe. Ask U.S. Senator Chris Murphy about national ambitions, and the Connecticut Democrat
Circulate this great documentary recognizing the hardships imposed on our wounded and their families.
A senator cut off the former U.S. Air Force colonel before he could say more.
The Virginia governor\u2019s race is a big one to watch.
\I will not be silent,\ said Rep. Ted Lieu (D-Calif.). \We need to pass gun safety legislation now.\
Nicaragua, the other holdout, signed the deal last month in solidarity with nations already suffering from climate change.
Half of the 26 people killed were children.
It's more complicated than usual.
The measure favors the rich but it would also shift U.S. housing policy away from homeowners.
Desiree Fairooz was set to face her second trial in connection with her arrest for laughing during Sessions' confirmation hearing for attorney general.
We had some conversations with people who may have unwittingly helped undermine American democracy.
At least half of the cases the secretary of state cited aren't voter fraud.
\Maybe we can try a legislative solution now?\
The nation will say \u201cthank you for your service\u201d to its military veterans this week. New York State is home to more than
A loss in a state won by Hillary Clinton would be a major blow for the party.
Loss of liberty can \focus\ a man's mind, says the former U.S. attorney.
A win on the ballot initiative to expand Medicaid would be a loss for Gov. Paul LePage (R), who vetoed five bills to extend health care to more Mainers.
The Saudi government is holding Ty Cobb's old client Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, a critic of President Donald Trump, on charges of corruption.
The Baptist church carnage was the 307th mass shooting in the U.S. this year.
\u201cWe\u2019re coming together to pray for them and show the world that now, in the midst of darkness, there is light,\ said Sutherland Springs resident Mike Gonzales.
By Thomas Kennedy During the 2016 election cycle, I frequently heard people complaining about the impossibility of escaping
Democrats are fighting again. The trigger this time is former Democratic National Committee Chair Donna Brazile\u2019s forthcoming
Congress must retain the power to authorize war, which is what the framers intended.
Black and Asian voters are most vulnerable at losing fair access to the polls and their voting rights.
\We grieve with all the families in Sutherland Springs harmed by this act of hatred.\
With their latest tax proposal, self-proclaimed \deficit hawks\ will spur a system further favoring the wealthy by reneging on their principles now.
There is precedent for former presidential nominees seeking office again, though not in a different state from the one they cut their political teeth in.
Unmarried women have the power to make or break an election.
How much more slaughter until enough is enough for Congress?
Back in August, The Denver Post\u2019s John Ingold scrutinized statements from conservatives that Colorado should free up money
The plan to execute Scott Dozier threatens to violate the Eighth Amendment.
Ranking the week\u2019s 10 most disgraceful figures in the Trump universe.
How it Works More than one in 10 doctors become addicted to drugs or alcohol, a slightly higher rate than in the general
Trump's America illustrates the very worst of capitalism.
The headlines today are about a mass shooting, this time in Texas, the state where \u201cmass\u201d\u00a0shootings first began when Charles
At least 26 are dead in shooting at Texas church.
The suspect had a history of domestic violence, like many mass shooters before him.
In her new book, the former DNC chair is particularly critical of Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook.
\This is a mental health problem at the highest level.\
Intrusion in our election revealed deeper problems at home that existed well before Russia decided to get involved.
The draft legislation is less plutocratic than an earlier outline, for whatever that's worth.
Gentle reader, that\u2019s not a typo.
Trump's indicted former campaign manager wants to use the condo as part of his bail.
Among the detained princes was reportedly Alwaleed bin Talal, one of the world\u2019s richest men.
Officials \don't recognize the campaign Brazile portrays,\ says open letter.
By Helen Li As a young girl, I had a best friend I hung out with every week at Chinese school. We were inseparable. When
Paul Ryan certainly doesn\u2019t understand what it\u2019s like to live paycheck to paycheck. So I'm running to replace him.
For the leading officials of the Trump administration, the repeal of that now-ancient AUMF would \u201ccreate significant opportunities for our enemies to seize the initiative.\u201d
FBI investigating to determine if attack was politically-motivated.
Unless something drastically changes, Americans are likely to be living with eternal war into the distant future.
Tom Perez addressed renewed uproar over the DNC's role in the 2016 primary fight.
\Welcome to Kenya,\ rally signs read.
Court documents cast doubt on the attorney general's previous testimony that he had no knowledge of communication between the Trump campaign and Moscow.
Leaked documents reveal that one of Kushner's business associates helped Kremlin-backed financial institutions invest in Facebook and Twitter.
The Trump Cabinet member shares business interests with the Russian president's son-in-law.
Health insurance customers really need to do their research this year.
Flynn would be the first former Trump administration official to face charges in the investigation.
The withdrawal comes as House Republicans push a tax bill packed with corporate welfare for fossil fuel companies.
In an interview on MSNBC, Nadya Tolokonnikova also explained how she thinks the president plays into the Russian leader's hands.
His campaign's connection to Russia is just a \hoax\ in this \Earth Two.\
Trying to manipulate the attorney general \undermines our justice system,\ the GOP senator warns.
But the legislation actually isn't that unusual, as 34 other states have no minimum hunting age.
Jack Latvala denies the allegations and threatens legal action against Politico.
Despite having three passports, his lawyers said Manafort is no \Jason Bourne.\
An attorney general who isn't recused from the Russia probe might be even scarier, she said.
The president has repeatedly used the term as a nickname for Sen. Elizabeth Warren, because she previously claimed Native American heritage.
Cooks, maids and waiters at the president's golf resort won't be \made in America.\
The author of a new book on the Bush presidents revealed some of their true thoughts on Trump.
Golden Bear Insurance Company is the first admitted commercial provider that is able to offer coverage for California's licensed marijuana businesses.
The Senate doesn't seem interested in passing this particular CHIP reauthorization.
\I am the only one that matters,\ he told Fox News.
Two addicts hope this time recovery will be different.
The case had attracted the attention of the U.S. Department of Justice.
\I am deeply troubled that this newest revelation strongly suggests that the Senate -- and the American public -- cannot trust your word,\ wrote Sen. Al Franken.
After Donna Brazile's revelations about the DNC.
The NBA star gets compared to \Steve's Bike Shop\ in an example of how the system won't be cheated. Twitter calls a personal foul.
The Virginia Democrat accused his GOP opponent Ed Gillespie of \trying to scare people.\
\They should be worried,\ he said about the North Korean threat.
And rich sports owners will hate it.
The Democratic candidate for Virginia governor said he would ban so-called \u201csanctuary cities\u201d if one arose in the state.
The good news is that Republicans have stopped trying to use horrible health care legislation to hide their corporate tax
After nine-plus months in office, Donald Trump has accomplished little. He\u2019s very unpopular and has failed to fulfill his
Facebook admits the number of people exposed to manipulative Russian antics ballooned to about 126 million.
The Republicans proposed a tax reform package Thursday that would, if signed into law, radically alter current tax laws and
The soldier pleaded guilty last month.
Another 58 percent approved of the job special counsel Robert Mueller is doing, the Washington Post-ABC News survey found.
\I think we just came together as a nation.\
The 16-term incumbent \saw the writing on the wall, and threw in the towel,\ one candidate said.
He also took some jabs at \Pocahontas\ and \Crazy Bernie.\
\I guess the word must finally be getting out.\
We'd like to hear from you.
A series of recent detentions by the Trump administration has placed in limbo the future of hundreds of people who have lived in the U.S. for years.
More than 300,000 follow only Trump on Twitter.
By Tim Henderson COLUMBUS, Ind. \u2014 Tyler and Alissa Hodge, two of the hundreds of young professionals who have moved here
Trump gained the presidency because too many people were not paying enough attention.
A Fort Bragg military judge on Friday sentenced the U.S. soldier to a dishonorable discharge, fined him $10,000 and reduced his rank from sergeant to private.
A bill introduced by Rep. Gwen Moore would encourage states to remove guns from dangerous domestic abusers.
Your boss, not you.
What an exhilarating 11 minutes.
Democrats denounced the move as a back-door attack on Roe v. Wade.
Caleb Moore's resume boasts an impressive position at the Foundation for Moral Law. But the organization insists he doesn't work there, although he has been paid in the past.
In 2001, all 50 states imposed either an estate or inheritance tax. By next year, the number will be down to 17.
Stop believing these myths.
Get ready for a government shutdown fight.
It's a big, fat giveaway to the economic elite, slashing the corporate tax rate and phasing out the estate tax.
The former interim DNC chair writes that she \followed the money\ to find a \shocking truth.\
Sayfullo Saipov came here on a green card. Plus, Uzbeks don't pose much of a terror threat to the U.S.
The suspect faces two charges, one of which carries the death penalty if the government chooses to seek it.
The goal of Trump and the Republican leaders is to pull off a giant redistribution of over $1 trillion from the middle-class
It's confusing this year and you don't have a lot of time. But help is out there.
With this choice, the president opted against a radical break with the status quo.
The president said he\u2019s open to sending Sayfullo Saipov to Guantanamo Bay.
Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., has a simple piece of advice for President Trump. \u201cStop tweeting,\u201d McCain said in\u00a0an interview
Penny Nance said the choice between him and Hillary Clinton would be \horrible\ for conservative women.
Historian David Blight once said that \u201cThe civil war sits like the giant sleeping dragon of American history ever ready to
We\u2019re headed for structural deficits, corporation-friendly tax cuts and just enough middle- and low-income goodies to round up the votes.
President Donald Trump leaves this week for an important 12-day trip to Asia where he will visit Japan, South Korea, China
People, I\u2019m begging you
The Whitefish contract is a symptom of a long-term disease in American government.
Jack Greene is guilty of two horrific murders. Jack Greene is also very sick. On Nov. 9, barring a stay, Jack Greene will
By Helen Li In a state with a racial history as complicated and fraught as Virginia\u2019s, it is critical that our leaders show
They haven't really read it, but most of them still love it.
Just how badly does Corporate America need a tax cut right now?
Sam Clovis was poised to become the USDA's chief scientist, despite having no science background.
President Trump is using the New York City attack to stoke fear and undermine democracy.
\ud83e\udd14 \ud83e\udd14 \ud83e\udd14
Electricity to power streetlights would likely deter some abusers -- but you don't need harmful fossil fuels for that.
Not even the middle class is a clear winner in the Republican plan.
\To suggest that we would despoil our environment for short-term gain is offensive,\ Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski, a supporter of the drilling, said during a hearing Thursday.
You're the first Circuit Court nominee since 2006 to get this awful ABA rating? Yep, says Leonard Steven Grasz.
An injunction request in California may temporarily keep the Obama-era program in place.
Health insurance exchanges, financial assistance and other key issues explained.
There is a national campaign going on to protect the Dreamers. Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals \u2014 a two-year renewable
Protecting the United States\u2019 leadership in innovation is a priority Americans can agree upon. As political discussions on
\We're not afraid.\
The teacher blasts his former law school student in an Op-Ed.
George Papadopoulos, then an adviser for Trump's campaign, said he \had connections that could help arrange a meeting\ with the Russian president.
He\u2019s called it dead, dying, on its last legs. But Americans can still get insurance under the Affordable Care Act.
Amid an inquiry into a wiped election server, Georgia's chief election official said there is no evidence to support the suggestion.
Co-authored with Lauren Tarde You might be forgiven for thinking \u2015 given all that has happened since Donald J. Trump defeated
This post first appeared at BillMoyers.com. A hoary riddle comes to mind. Question
Experts say the focus shouldn't be on shutting down the visa lottery but on preventing radicalization.
\The middle class really isn\u2019t going to get any kind of tax cut and in fact it\u2019s going to get screwed in lots of ways.\
And more of the latest polling news.
By Tom Steyer and Dorian Warren Virginia\u2019s story is America\u2019s story. Its beautiful land has seen triumphs of freedom and
Can You Believe? Can you believe Trump is still arguing with LaDavid Johnson\u2019s widow, Myeshia? Or that he\u2019d actually say
Changes to states\u2019 teacher certification should ease the hiring process for Puerto Rican teachers, but some have found their
All told, Pruitt shrunk the Science Advisory Board from 47 to 42 participants and more than doubled the number of its polluter-friendly members.
For some reason, he couldn't do this after the Las Vegas shooting.
For the Democratic Party to regain what we've lost, we must embrace the true progressivism our party boasted at its heights.
\Flag pin?\
Sadly, it's no longer surprising.
The Civil War was fought over slavery, so stop that \states\u2019 rights\ nonsense.
However valiant we believe him to be, the Arizona Senator's choice to bow out shows complete deference to Donald Trump.
Move along, nothing to see here.
We\u2019ve run enough campaigns to know that things can get pretty silly towards the end. The dubious claims and accusations start
Jonathan Martin, who has taken aim at Jerry Falwell Jr., was escorted from campus for what the university called \public safety reasons.\
Once again the Alabama Senate GOP candidate revealed where his priorities lie.
These proposals won't become a reality in the current political climate, but they show a party establishment embracing its progressive wing.
As a congressman, Scott Garrett wanted to kill the Export-Import Bank. All of a sudden, he's fine with it.
\It's time to stop allowing utilities to push the burden of their negligence onto the backs of customers.\
He also called him an animal.
Border Patrol agents took Rosa Maria Hernandez into custody in Texas last week.
The Fed's decisions have a huge impact on families like mine.
It's a line of defense similar to ones he's used before.
I didn't plan to get addicted to heroin, but I do plan to help America recover.
Since Donald Trump was elected president, Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner have demonstrated a remarkably troubling record
Members of both legislative bodies are advocating for bills requiring more transparency in internet advertisement.
The executives will be questioned on how Russia allegedly used their services to try to sway the 2016 election.
Pruittism is a more gentlemanly form of Trumpism.
Niger, 9/11 and apocalyptic humiliation.
And so it begins.
Yet another Republican announces they won't seek re-election.
\Shocking that someone charged with defending their country, in some profound way, does not comprehend the country they claim to defend.\
George Papadopoulos was a key staffer of Trump's, but the president and his supporters are attempting to diminish him as a young, low-level outsider.
We can apply any tax rate we want to the rich, but it doesn't matter if no one is enforcing it.
He refused to answer the question and indicated he was done talking to the press.
The White House chief of staff said the war was caused by the inability to compromise.
\I have to start thinking about it, don\u2019t I?\
\This is the most grotesque abuse.\
Drowsy driving could be involved in hundreds of thousands of crashes a year, but states have been slow to step up enforcement
The White House chief of staff has proven himself just as ignorant about history and complicit in oppression as his boss.
The intraparty tensions in Washington haven't gone unnoticed.
Nothing gives the legions of Trump loathers more delight than the photoshopped photos that float around the internet of Trump
Even in acknowledging it spread targeted Russian lies to more than half of all U.S. voters, Facebook denies it\u2019s part of the problem.
Members of his administration have already visited the North-South Korea border.
The White House chief of staff is tragically ignorant about the history of the country he serves.
In a hearing, senators from both parties questioned whether the companies were too powerful.
The Alabama Senate GOP candidate previously said Muslims shouldn't serve.
On Fox News, Trump's chief of staff calls Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee an \honorable man ... who gave up his country to fight for his state.\
By Helen Li The white supremacist rallies in Charlottesville showed us that Virginia needs less hate and division in our
For some reason, Trump's former campaign manager thinks investigators should have told the campaign that Manafort was under surveillance.
All it took were a few \fact-based questions.\
But his Toronto trip was light on real-life exposure to the Canadian system\u2019s challenges.
George Papadopoulos has been cooperating with the probe of Russian meddling in the election.
These individuals are American in every way.
He settled for money, but the bottom line could be jail.
Sarah Huckabee Sanders resorted to a familiar tactic to distance the president from the Russia investigations.
The latest NBC News/WSJ poll shows 58% of Americans disapprove of Trump's performance as president.
Based on recent economic developments, the super rich don\u2019t have much to complain about. A study just released by UBS, a
In New Hampshire, Briggs Lockwood, chief of tramway and amusement ride safety, says there are likely to be businesses the
One of the best ways to help Trump win a second term would be for the Democratic Party to embrace Wall Street. That surely
October is Domestic Violence Awareness Month, an opportunity to shine a spotlight on a deadly issue that affects so many
And who to watch.
Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands continue to struggle in the aftermath of a devastating hurricane season, and here
Cross-posted from\u00a0TomDispatch.com Memo to Senator John McCain
Trump might make more workers eligible for overtime pay, just not as many as Obama envisioned.
FEMA, multiple congressional committees and local auditors have reportedly begun requesting documents about the deal.
Ranking the week\u2019s 10 most disgraceful figures in the Trump administration.
\Whaddya got on Donald, huh?\ asks the \Boston Public\ actor.
And are others willing to join them?
Corey Stewart also made a transphobic attack on a Democratic candidate for the House.
Manafort has known Trump for about 30 years, if not longer. He's worked for a number of shady clients in that time.
They are charged with conspiracy and money laundering.
Donald Trump promises to make American manufacturing great again. Yet all of his policies would do just the opposite. America
Huh?
A lone rider stands up to the man.
A 2007 incident with Moore changed both my opinion of him and the direction of my life and career.
The White House counselor might want to have a chat with Donald Trump Jr.
They were indicted on 12 counts, including conspiracy to launder money.
Trump\u2019s reasons for the controversial ban \do\nnot appear to be supported by any facts,\u201d the judge found.
Virtually every word of Trump\u2019s accusation is a lie.
\The war on drugs has failed to deliver on its promise.\
Both men named in a 12-count indictment had significant roles in the Trump campaign.
Special counsel Robert Mueller\u2019s charges against former Trump campaign aides are new. The White House response is tried and untrue.
The extent of the Trump campaign\u2019s collusion with Russia may remain unknown, but the existence of collusion is no longer in doubt.
The importance of flourishing in education, media and politics for a group that faces a 24 percent poverty rate.
Special counsel Robert Mueller will be watching.
Staff Sergeant Logan Melgar may have died from strangulation.
The former Trump campaign chairman is charged with laundering millions from Vladimir Putin's allies in Ukraine.
The president has repeatedly called investigations into possible collusion between his campaign and Russia \a witch hunt.\
Puts a whole new twist on Second Amendment rights.
During last year\u2019s presidential campaign, Trump called Bergdahl \u201ca no-good traitor who should have been executed.\
The Podesta Group is one of two unnamed companies in the first indictment from special counsel Robert Mueller.
U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans were killed in the 2012 attack.
A case study in Obamacare success and failure.
Jagmeet Singh, leader of Canada's New Democratic Party, achieved international fame for how he handled a racist heckler at a town hall.
The contract has come under increased criticism after it was revealed that the terms were obtained without a public bid process.
It's shameful, but not unexpected.
The last thing we need are partisan, biased, close-minded judges hand-picked for their loyalty to Trump.
Statistician Nate Silver said on Twitter Saturday that Clinton would \u201cprobably be president\u201d if Comey had not sent that letter.
\u201cThere is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton,\ he claims in a Sunday morning Twitter barrage.
Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.) said Democrats are spending too much time \trying to see if Jared Kushner knows a guy named Igor.\
Your presidency is a \total bomb,\ Moore tweets back.
Hillary Clinton\u2019s presidential campaign reportedly paid for parts of a dossier that detailed accusations about Trump\u2019s ties to Russia.
The push for a ban on the devices has stalled in Congress.
Republican leaders support tax cuts adding trillions to the national debt now, but had dire warnings about it under the Obama administration.
PREPA's executive director announced the decision Sunday, hours after the U.S. territory's governor called for the contract's termination.
Their graduate students are trying to unionize. The president may have already stopped them.
The notorious GOP operative said Jake Tapper and Don Lemon should be \punished.\
The effort to discredit Mueller\u2019s probe is underway.
\He made it crystal-clear to me he would carry out his public duty as a citizen and resident of this community.\
Sad!
It all started with an online contest.
Kneeling is a sign of love.
The Democratic congresswoman calls Capitol Hill \a breeding ground for a hostile work environment.\
CNN's Jim Acosta questions White House about an attempt to \gin up\ an alternative Russian scenario involving Democrats.
It is unclear yet who has been indicted or what the charges are in the investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.
Five years after the storm, decaying boardwalks, abandoned bungalows and exposed septic tanks show Money Island has received little to earn its name.
President Donald Trump continues to treat his administration as an international diplomacy wrecking crew. His latest target
\So... what brings you to town?\
The retired nuclear chemist made it onto the Heartland Institute's list of climate-change deniers submitted to the agency.
Do you have a copy of this video? Please get in touch.
When our legislators disregard truth and give in to infantile impulses, the results are a sight to see.
By Adele M. Stan This article originally appeared at The American Prospect. Subscribe here. For progressives and liberals
If you use the exchanges or purchase coverage directly from a health insurance company or through a broker.
Polls suggest there may be some critical cracks forming in Trump's voter base that threaten his already-shaky popularity.
In Britain late last week, Conservative Member of Parliament Nicholas Soames, grandson of Winston Churchill, described Donald
Donald Trump's presidency has regressed our public dialogue in ways that will be seen for years to come.
Trump is everything the GOP establishment feared he would be. That is their worst nightmare. He has wrecked every chance
The plan for self regulation comes as lawmakers from both parties push new mandatory disclosure legislation.
President Trump set his sights on \u201cwacky & totally unhinged\u201d liberal megadonor Tom Steyer Friday. \u201cWacky & totally unhinged
\u201cI characterize this stage of the race like trench warfare,\u201d says a Virginia politics watcher.
Most evictions are informal and never reach the courts, Urban\u2019s Brennan said. A landlord might send a letter to tenants demanding
Until we directly address the causes of the drug epidemic, we won\u2019t be able to stop it.
The most heated exchanges during Attorney General Jeff Sessions\u2019 appearance before the Senate Judiciary Committee last week
This Domestic Violence Awareness and Action Month is a time to strengthen our resolve to make sure that our community response to domestic violence is truly relevant to all survivors.
As Trump declares a public health emergency, a congressional committee can't squeeze answers out of the federal agency.
\In this one instance, Rex Tillerson is all of us.\
\u201cWell, you have no weight problems. That\u2019s the good news, right?\u201d the president told children.
The agency said Friday that it's looking into Puerto Rico Electric  Power Authority's business deal with the Montana-based energy firm.
The FBI set off warning bells about Lee Harvey Oswald the month before President John F. Kennedy's killing.
We extended helping hands to one another in the middle of a crisis.
He rips Tinseltown's moral hypocrisy, even though his former boss Trump was accused of sexual harassment by multiple women.
Less than a fifth of voters who pulled their registrations following a request for voter information have registered again.
He was photographed with a document outlining changes to voter laws during a Trump meeting, but says they didn't get around to talking about it.
While cutting taxes on the rich won\u2019t really boost the economy, it will increase income inequality.
Being poor is not a crime, any more than is being a person of color.
For all U.S.-bound flights.
Cross-posted from\u00a0TomDispatch.com Once upon a time, long ago in another universe, the end of the world was left in the hands
I'm puzzled by the claims we've heard in the media all day, triggered by the retreats of establishment conservative senators
This is a lose-lose-lose decision.
Massachusetts Medicaid wants to exclude some prescription drugs from its coverage to gain negotiating leverage with drugmakers
The Connecticut senator's vision stands out among Democrats.
The vast majority of the president's sit-down interviews have been with Fox, where he has found a sympathetic audience.
And the glitch wasn't easy to fix, the Democrat's campaign discovered.
The national debt apparently doesn't matter when tax cuts are part of the equation.
Trump's panel is already facing a handful of lawsuits over its activities.
The tax cuts may really be punishments for states that vote Democrat.
\u201cThe court must have suspected to some degree that the new districts are unconstitutional.\
\Is $1 million rich? Is $10 million rich? Is $1 billion rich?\
The president continues to push a stale, ineffective solution to the drug crisis.
And that's not presidential, experts say.
Republicans are playing a game of peek-a-boo on their tax plan. They don\u2019t want to release the full details, because they
It \would have been better if we could have combated the rhetoric at the time.\
U.S. intelligence regards both as part of \Russia's state-run propaganda machine.\
\u201cIn the vast majority of cases, we are talking about people who came to the United States as children fleeing genocide with their families.\
The president's declaration of a public health emergency falls short of previous indications that he'd declare a national emergency.
A data firm reportedly offered to help with Hillary Clinton's emails.
Nightmares past and present.
Our contributions provide some measure of economic security to the Johnsons.
Start your political engines, folks. Here comes the misleading ideological hypocrisy. For months there has been speculation
From a church in Montgomery to the judge's own gala event, Republicans have doubts about their own candidate.
State officials for the first time will send prosecutors the names of people who voted in  the Democratic Senate primary and in the Republican runoff.
He\u2019s the enemy of their enemy, but he\u2019s not their friend.
Insurers are pressuring providers to provide better care at a lower cost \u2014 and it\u2019s only going to accelerate as the patient
His ad is clearly designed to scare and confuse voters.
What is the greatest gift you have ever received? For Thomas Awiapo, it was the gift that saved his life. Thomas was orphaned
His opponent said he should be \ashamed.\
Pity poor Jeff Flake. He never knew what hit him. Neither did Bob Corker. Both of them can now \u2018speak openly\u2019 because neither
Surprise, surprise.
Citing Trump's hold on the GOP, the Arizona senator said Tuesday that he won't run for re-election next year.
Republicans overturned a consumer protection rule that allowed class-action lawsuits against banks.
\What is it about women having an opinion that irritates some?\ Carmen Yul\u00edn Cruz tweeted Wednesday at Montana-based Whitefish Energy.
\Everybody stares at the inkblot and sees what they want to see, because we don\u2019t have a bill,\ one lawmaker said.
\If I were to run a campaign that I could be proud of ... I could not win in a Republican primary.\
\u201cHow horrible, how horrible that people might have the ability to come together and hire a lawyer,\ Sen. Chuck Schumer says after the vote.
The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization is a specialized agency of the United Nations. The organization
The Connecticut Democrat acknowledges his bill's slim chances, but wants to rekindle the gun control debate.
Barry Goldwater and Ronald Reagan
The hard-line climate change deniers at the right-wing Heartland Institute sent the agency a list of 145 \climate scientists.\
We could do with a few more representatives like him.
The Arizona Senator's rationale for retirement shows a level of decency his Republican colleagues have yet to achieve.
Trump must not be allowed to prevent undocumented immigrant minors from getting the health care they need.
And fueling an uprising against Trumpism.
No political ideology in modern American history has failed as consistently, or for as long, as the Wall Street-friendly
They can't pass anything now. But they can start a conversation.
President Donald Trump, though, has been adamant about ending it.
She is \purrty special.\
And, no, he still hasn't said whether he will run for president.
Except when he's being deposed, anyway.
\The reality is they also carry long-term risks to the health of users and those around them.\
\That\u2019s not my problem. I\u2019ve got my own things I\u2019m trying to concentrate on, OK?\
In Trumpland, political might always makes right.
White House press secretary gets called out for \hypocrisy.\
The first openly bisexual member of Congress could end up facing off against a Republican whose own party has called her a conspiracy theorist.
His departure is a political earthquake for 2018.
The Alabama candidate for U.S. Senate again shows his contempt for same-sex marriage.
All women have stories. We're just not sure what to do with them.
He says he wants stricter vetting on one of the most highly vetted populations in the world.
The GOP tax plan could be worth more than a billion dollars to Trump's kids.
Rural areas may be as innovative as urban ones in some instances. The finding contradicts conventional wisdom that urban
The company announces a handful of advertising changes.
\Meet the new Democratic bogeyman for 2018.\
\u201cWe want you to know how grateful we are for this generous gift from you,\ the family of Dillon Baldridge wrote.
A liberal activist infiltrated a press area outside a Senate GOP lunch.
The \Children of the Confederacy Creed\ marker falsely claims that slavery was not an \underlying\ cause of the Civil War.
The ruling tosses out a decision by a panel of federal appeals court judges.
Unless the $1,000-per-child tax credit is doubled, most lower- and middle-income families will barely see a cut, if at all.
Government handouts for coal, oil and gas dwarf those for wind and solar.
The GOP agenda could be threatened without another reliable vote.
Donald Trump's administration has taken several steps to exclude oppressed groups.
Looking back at the racist insanity of birtherism.
\u201cWe cannot ignore the impact of climate change on our public health, our environment, and our economy,\ the Government Accountability Office says.
Trump fired back at Corker on Twitter, calling the GOP senator a \lightweight.\
Special Counsel Robert Mueller has reportedly looked into the dossier as part of his investigation into possible ties between Trump's campaign and Moscow.
In Boulder, Colorado, and other places where affordable housing is scarce, city leaders are trying to preserve mobile home
Cross-posted from\u00a0TomDispatch.com Stop thinking of this country as the sole superpower or the indispensable nation on Earth
Trump did not accomplish this alone.
Donald Trump and the Fourth Great Shattering.
The Trump administration\u2019s most avid proponent of war against China, Steve Bannon, has departed the White House. At least
More than 100 women have come forward with stories of being harassed while working in politics in the state.
The president feuds with members of his own party, who wish he would leave the tax details to them.
All that magical growth never actually materializes.
Democratic commissioner Alan King was unsparing in his criticism.
Last Thursday, the latest chapter in the saga of former Sheriff Joe Arpaio unfolded in an Arizona courtroom when Federal
Sen. Elizabeth Warren said she was \chased around a desk\ by a former colleague.
The fact that he's not is part of the problem.
\If we\u2019re going to ask every American to serve, every American should serve.\
This is war.
\If we're going to ask every American to serve, every American should serve.\u201d
Over the last few weeks, Donald Trump has managed to turn the tragic story of the death of four American soldiers into an
It seems that Bush is being forgotten, possibly on the grounds that no former president could look bad with Donald Trump in the White House.
Donald Trump\u2019s mantra is, \u201care you gonna believe me or your lyin\u2019 eyes?\u201d When caught in blatant, outrageous lies he doubles
If Democrats want to win elections\u2014which is how we\u2019ll be able to make positive changes and make America a more just place
It's the latest sign of the administration's assault on climate science.
As more states map out their own immigration stands, California is taking its fight against mass deportation to a new level
Myeshia Johnson confirmed the president told her that her husband \u201cknew what he signed up for.\u201d
Without television, phone, or radio, Alicea\u2019s life in this remote, rural corner of Puerto Rico has become even more solitary
The American Federation of Teachers is raising money to deliver 100,000 water filtration systems to hurricane victims.
The Alabama Republican, now a Senate nominee, bases most  stances in a hard-line interpretation of Christianity. Climate change denial appears no different.
The former president deserves a cold metal bench in a stockade awaiting trial, not an award and a warm round of applause from the academy.
I was eating lunch last week with a Southern Democratic activist when we came upon the subject of southern voting habits
At least three families said they received express-shipped packages from the White House after Trump claimed he called \virtually everybody.\
Is the president about to flip-flop again?
Echoing comments by Rep. Frederica Wilson, he cites \studies\ that say allies of white supremacists are \sprinkled around the White House.\
The funds raise ethical issues if associates have information about the president.
The military is \fiercely protective\ of that right, says retired four-star general.
Trump is likely to give us a Wall Street guy to chair the Fed.
The 2017 election is the first mayoral runoff since Albuquerque voters changed the rules.
With American democracy firmly under assault, Democrats need to stop their infighting and start thinking about putting together
There is no shame in telling the truth, particularly when, by doing so, you acknowledge your accountability and accept responsibility
\Sometimes it gets people to do what they\u2019re supposed to be doing.... That's the way it is.\
CNN host cites Trump attack tweets after the White House calls criticism of chief of staff John Kelly \totally inappropriate.\
\We will not be silenced,\ said singer Justine Skye.
Law enforcement alone won\u2019t solve the problem, the former attorney general said.
Ranking the worst of the Trump administration over the past week.
The DNC has a great deal of work to do if it hopes to remedy frictions between the Clinton and Sanders wings of the Democratic Party.
Totally relatable.
Burn.
More than 3,000 documents related to the 1963 shooting death have never been publicly released.
He refuses to see a phony staring him in the face, says biographer.
Well, that changes everything!
Rep. Frederica Wilson (D-Fla.) had revealed unflattering details of the president's conversation with an Army widow.
They are all active white supremacists; two of them are violent felons.
Due to higher costs and uncertainty about the Affordable Care Act.
Stateline home page Sign up for exclusive state policy reporting and research \u2018A Summary of Total Incentives\u2019 According to
There are legal protections for children who find themselves without stable housing.
Can You Believe? Can you believe our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico having to get their drinking water from toxic sites? Can
WASHINGTON \u2014 With the Afghanistan War in its 17th year and\u00a0U.S. troops spread across the globe to combat terrorism, the Senate
The measure would add up to $1.5 trillion to the federal deficit over the next decade to pay for proposed tax cuts.
My old colleague Doug Schoen from the Clinton White House days has an op-ed out in the New York Times that is remarkable
Calling Rep. Frederica Wilson (D-Fla.) a liar keeps backfiring.
Trump's base has no problem calling out Hollywood, but gives the president the benefit of the doubt.
\u201cWhat are we legally able to do?\u201d the Georgia state lawmaker and wife of former HHS head Tom Price asked during a committee hearing this week.
\Enough with the applause, you sound like the Cabinet when Donald Trump walks in the room.\
\u201cThe notion that we, tonight, after 60-plus years, would give up what is a biologically important area ... for what? For oil we don\u2019t need?\u201d
\When I think about it, I\u2019m not really happy with myself.\
And he claims Rep. Frederica Wilson \secretly\ listened to a call she heard on speakerphone.
Officials who backed Rep. Keith Ellison over Tom Perez were removed from crucial posts.
Residents in Dickinson, Texas, who were affected by Hurricane Harvey may be ineligible for money to rebuild their homes because of their political beliefs.
Economically, culturally, strategically, and morally, Donald Trump\u2019s repeated attempts to ban Muslim immigrants and refugees
\If you want to get into a debate with a four-star Marine general, I think that is something highly inappropriate.\
One produced a gun during an argument with protesters, while the other two shouted \u201cI\u2019m going to f**king kill you,\u201d \u201ckill them\u201d and \u201cshoot them.\
I am saddened by the disservice he has rendered.
A plurality of Americans believe the president has respect for the military.
\I don\u2019t think anybody really thinks that somebody who spent his life performing surgeries on soldiers and children is cozying up to street gangs,\ the former president said.
The 17-year-old received permission from a state judge on Sept. 25 to make her own decision about her pregnancy. But the government won't let her carry it out.
\u201cWe\u2019ve got your back,\u201d the attorney general said at a speech in Austin.
Gavin Wright, arrested in an FBI sting last year just ahead of the presidential election, is \u201ca strong threat to society,\ a federal judge ruled.
\People of privilege\ are after \cheap political points,\ she complains on Fox News.
By Ellen Brown This article originally appeared at The American Prospect. Subscribe here. During his visit to hurricane-stricken
The girl could opt for \voluntary departure\ back to her home country, an administration lawyer said. But her home country bans abortion.
Tweets cannot change the facts on the ground.
In a rare mainstream media interview, the nation\u2019s top environmental regulator blows some smoke.
The Trump administration's views on \law and order\ are designed to protect only a few.
Thomas Farr, Trump\u2019s pick for a U.S. District Court seat, defended North Carolina\u2019s voter suppression law and racist gerrymandering.
Take a deep breath. It's her.
There are 219,000 women locked up in the U.S. Many have not been convicted.
Floyd Abrams, who represented Senator Mitch McConnell in the Supreme Court in the Citizens United case, wrote an op-ed in
Veritas? Nah.
In order to best figure how out how to contain the toxicity of Trump until we finally manage to get rid of him, a good start
Time and again, \repeal and replace\ has proven to be a farce. Let's focus on the hard work of true reform and get health care for all.
The great existential psychologist Rollo May called it \u201cintentionality.\u201d It\u2019s the broad arc of purpose the complex creatures
Media are overstating his influence and contributing to his grand plans in the process.
In speeches this week, both of them spoke truth to power and stood up for American ideals with intelligence and eloquence.
Some state insurance departments say using \u201cMost Wanted\u201d lists can help them find alleged scammers charged with fraud or
Whoever is responsible for attacks on U.S. Embassy personnel has a clear agenda. We can't let them succeed.
TOP STORIES (And want to get The Morning Email each weekday?\u00a0Sign up here.) PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP\u2019S CALL TO SOLDIER\u2019S FAMILY
Lie after lie after lie.
Another military family rebukes the president.
\u201cI\u2019m doing this for the same reason that drove me to become a rabbi 37 years ago,\u201d said Rabbi Robert Barr.
\He stayed home during Vietnam with his sore foot or whatever it was,\ said Richard Painter.
\I think that many times, men get away with this because they are allowed to get away with it by the women.\
What happened to make Donald Trump so reflexively cruel?
The estate tax only applies to the richest 0.2 percent of households.
The crack came during a CNN debate between the two senators.
Obama and Reagan also sent their own money to private citizens.
Yes, it's real bipartisanship -- and, yes, it's about the Affordable Care Act.
Trump\u2019s actions tarnish and permanently stain the reputations of all who carry out his orders.
The parents of a U.S. Army specialist killed in Syria in May said Thursday they hadn\u2019t received any acknowledgment from President
A pro-Trump super PAC released an ad attacking Democrat Doug Jones on the issue.
The judge says, \u201cLooking back on it, I should have just said, \u2018You can vote for the president.\u2019\u201d
A lower court previously ruled that the government must allow \Jane Doe\ to undergo the procedure on Friday or Saturday.
His frank assessment comes as Spencer prepares to give a speech at the University of Florida.
A new study finds that weaker concealed carry laws are linked to significantly higher rates of gun homicide.
There's less agreement about the shadow it casts on the rest of the country.
Under the settlement, transgender people would be allowed to use public restrooms in North Carolina that match their gender identity.
A month after Hurricane Maria hit, 80 percent of the U.S. island has no power and 30 percent has no drinking water.
The president reportedly told the woman that the man \u201cmust\u2019ve known what he signed up for.\u201d
In Pennsylvania, where King Coal once reigned, natural gas now rules.
Good news \u2014 there is a 35 percent chance that the country will descend into open civil war within the next decade. Now, you
Now it's up to Congress to pull the plug on this endless game.
Cutting taxes for the wealthy does not amount to an investment in the middle class, and it neglects the looming issue of job displacement in our tech-driven world.
Somebody ought to write a self-help book for Republican politicians called \u201cHow to Profit from the Coming Trump Apocalypse
Every establishment dollar spent supporting a candidate is a dollar that is going to be used against them.
The political pressure cooker in Washington is nearing the boiling point. Republican Senator Bob Corker\u2019s (R-TN) recent public
Given Pruitt\u2019s secrecy, it\u2019s impossible to know just how much taxpayer money he\u2019s wasting.
A ProPublica review adds fuel to a longstanding worry about the nation\u2019s highest court
Stateline home page Sign up for exclusive state policy reporting and research San Francisco and Austin each initially shut
Sessions said his communications with Trump about firing James Comey were confidential, and that the president might assert executive privilege down the line.
Here's a suggestion
Donald Trump\u2019s support among Republicans as a group in general is much higher than that of the Republican leadership.
\I\u2019ve heard from women, thousands of them over the past 26 years, about behavior of this kind.\
Several lawsuits accuse the White House of trampling federal law when it announced it would cancel the program.
The hashtag #HeKnewWhatHeSignedUpFor began to trend on Twitter.
How far are the leaders of the religious right are willing to go in their support of President Trump?
\u201cIt\u2019s my life\u2019s work, lost.\u201d
The Justice Department filed an appeal to the judge's ruling later on Wednesday.
Do not discount your right to vote.
The Foundation to Defend the First Amendment was founded by avowed white supremacist Willis Carto.
The Trump administration won't allow a teen girl in its custody to get an abortion, and won't say if it's using the same tactics to pressure and block rape victims from terminating their pregnancies.
Few Americans know about our nation's system of immigrant detention centers. Each year, the U.S. government locks up roughly
\u201cThe speaker does not see anything that changes his view that the Senate should keep its focus on repeal and replace of Obamacare.\
The law will ensure that children are not denied a full lunch because of their parents\u2019 debt.
The president veers off on a Yuletide tangent... again.
Chris Baldridge's 22-year-old son was gunned down in Afghanistan earlier this year.
Why deny American women services to which they are legally entitled?
A U.S.-backed coalition led by the Saudis is impeding the delivery of cranes for a key port in Yemen.
The president was said to have told the woman her husband \must have known what he signed up for.\
It\u2019s been 3 weeks since it expired, and several states will run out of money soon.
The president's attempt to comfort a grieving widow gets panned.
Our healthcare system is continuing to fall behind countries that do and can rely on their government.
Unconstitutional \u201cag-gag\u201d laws only serve to facilitate animal abuse
He reportedly told the wife of a fallen U.S. service member that her husband knew what he was signing up for.
President Trump\u00a0took to Twitter\u00a0on Wednesday morning in order to denounce former FBI Director James Comey and take an apparent
\It shouldn't have taken for a child to lose his life.\
For those of you looking for a legal avenue to cut short the tenure of the 45th president of the United States\u2014our very own
\u201cWe are marching in a compact group along a precipitous and difficult path...We are surrounded on all sides by enemies. We
Before he became president, he used to love doing these out on the campaign trail, but not so much since he was sworn in.
But a change in Federal Reserve policy could bring it to an end.
It\u2019s a good thing that the allegations against Harvey Weinstein have led to a broader mobilization against sexual assault
At the earliest.
Rep. Tom Marino (R-Pa.) advocated a law that reportedly hamstrings drug enforcers.
\u201cIt is important to address all of these issues together because they all stem from deep-seated xenophobia and exclusion.\u201d
David Petraeus finally answers his own question.
A blockbuster Washington Post/\u201c60 Minutes\u201d\u00a0report\u00a0Sunday detailed how the pharmaceutical lobby managed to strip the Drug
Some cities require anyone who wants to open a public utility account \u2014 lights, gas, water, phone \u2014 to provide a Social Security
Originally published in The Boston Globe. At the White House, protecting America from its president is a full-time job The
\u201cIf you look at President Obama and other presidents, most of them didn\u2019t make calls. A lot of them didn\u2019t make calls. I
Revoking pathways to citizenship has far-reaching consequences.
The issues that sunk Rep. Tom Marino were well known.
\When you don\u2019t even acknowledge the sacrifice or the death, then it\u2019s like you don\u2019t even care.\
It \plainly discriminates based on nationality\ in a way that's antithetical to the Constitution, one judge said.
\This is not normal, this is not normal, this is not normal.\
The president took two different positions in a span of hours. Who knows what comes next.
The president's hurricane-response rating is swooning as the U.S. territory's problems mount.
The Gold Star parents weigh in on the president's controversial comments about consoling the families of fallen service members.
An Obama administration official blasts Trump for \inane cruelty.\
\We have a pathological liar in the White House
No policy changes were announced after a four-hour discussion with the players union.
T.S. Eliot in his poem \u201cThe Wasteland\u201d called April the cruelest month. For American health care consumers, the cruelest
Nearly one month after a hurricane ravaged the island, people are still lacking clean water and electricity.
The so-called Kettle Falls Five were first charged in 2012.
Prosecutors are generally immune from accountability. A new joint initiative from Civil Rights Corps and the ACLU seeks to change that.
The president\u2019s dark talent for fabricating lies will soon outstrip the known universe's ability to manufacture new falsehoods.
It is said that a budget is a reflection of values; it is a moral document. Or, in the case of the budget the Republicans
Unless you\u2019re a multimillionaire, the \u201cdeath tax\u201d isn\u2019t going to hit you.
One of the most egregious examples is in the U.S. Capitol building, of all places.
Sen. Susan Collins has long been an independent voice for Maine, acting in the best interests of Mainers, and not narrow
Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Karen Greenberg first arrived at TomDispatch in January 2005 in tandem with defense attorney
Will Washington never learn?
\It\u2019s a very unusual attack, as you know.\
Fall has arrived. The air is crisp, pumpkins adorn doorsteps and leaves are turning beautiful colors. Fall also means football
by Geoff West Democrat Randy Bryce raised more than twice as much money in the third quarter than in the first six months
Last week, New York Times reporter Andy Newman published an excellent piece on the revival of the neighborhood surrounding
A ruling is due by the end of June.
This post first appeared at BillMoyers.com. It\u2019s old news that Donald Trump abuses reason, knowledge, decency and dark-skinned
With deaths and destruction still being assessed, the California wildfires are bringing us close to the costliest year on
By Dorian Warren On the campaign trail, Donald Trump bragged about the \u201cart of the deal,\u201d but frankly, all his presidency
The GOP is short a vote at a critical time for the budget and tax reform.
Trump\u2019s true plan to \u201cdrain the swamp\u201d has now become clear
The president either doesn't understand the havoc caused by his Obamacare changes \u2014 or \he doesn't care.\
The president fingered Senate Republicans for the Obamacare repeal flop.
The former White House chief strategist and Breitbart chief is looking to primary GOP incumbents in next year's midterm elections.
Can states stop people from trying to pass off their pets as service animals? \u00a0 By Michael Ollove Chris Slavin was in an
Some people in the upper-middle class will end up paying more.
\u201cAfter all, we have someone admitting to being a sexual assaulter in the Oval Office.\
Mississippi bans \u2018To Kill A Mockingbird\u2019, but glorifies the confederacy. So let me get this straight, a Mississippi school
It's still the law of the land.
With President Trump\u2019s order to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, our economy just received
The Republican Party is Dr. Frankenstein, and Donald Trump is its monster. Yes, there were some exceptions, but the fact
According to Steve Bannon.
He is running against conservative Roy Moore in the December special election.
Ivanka Trump is reportedly lobbying members of Congress on changes to the child tax credit.
Those interested in ensuring continued progress should consider submitting a comment to CMS, making suggestions related to the 'new direction.'
Donald Trump is darn angry and unhinged. He's insulting his own cabinet members, malevolently tearing down health care, imperiling
By ignoring the realities of racism, misogyny and homophobia, you\u2019re actually perpetuating them.
Sabotage.
Trump is screwing not just the rest of America, but tens of millions of people who voted for him.
California Democratic state Senate President Kevin de Le\u00f3n is running to unseat the Democratic incumbent.
Colin Kaepernick's former team, the San Francisco 49ers, again led the way.
The Secretary of State says President Trump is \not seeking to go to war.\
\I\u2019m not going to deal with that kind of petty stuff.\u201d
Summer Zervos, who claims Trump groped her without consent, is suing the president for defamation.
The milestone took almost 300 years.
Eighteen states have filed a lawsuit to stop Trump from scrapping subsidies to insurers that help  millions of low-income people.
\u201cYou cannot publicly castrate your own secretary of state\u201d
A series of blows is taking its toll.
The hospitality union Unite Here plans demonstrations in 40 cities
The North Korean diplomats in New York \u201cdon\u2019t engage in propaganda, they don\u2019t bang on the table, they don\u2019t engage in threats,\u201d a veteran diplomat said.
Trump's style is to cause a crisis on his own, and then dump the entire problem on Congress to deal with.
Too many families like mine are left devastated by gun violence in America.
A total solar eclipse passed through the U.S. mainland this past August and I had the wonderful opportunity to view it. It
We aren\u2019t anti-mining, but there are more appropriate places to mine.
American cultural history offers many images of walking through difficult times
U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner (R-CO) has yet to comment on Trump\u2019s latest effort to deliver a body blow to Obamacare by eliminating
\What kind of an idiot buys a bus like this?  You see all that smoke!? What a crappy bus. So crappy.\
We've seen this kind of blatant hypocrisy in the past and know it runs much deeper than one man\u2019s scandalous behavior.
The moderate Republican just can't quit the Senate after 21 years.
Sens. Bob Corker and Tom Cotton are working on legislation that could lead the U.S. to sanction Iran -- even if it is abiding by the 2015 deal.
The congressman was supposed to make amends with the Committee to Protect Journalists. He wasn't there long.
The organization's president said some lawmakers are \shirking their responsibility.\
Dear Twitter, I\u2019m sure you never imagined one day you\u2019d have to disable the account of a sitting American President, but
They say there's no excuse for denying voting accommodations to people displaced by the storm.
More than 7 in 10 think it's his job to make the program work, not to drive it to fail.
\I\u2019m willing to give him a pass,\ one conservative said of the president.
Pot, meet kettle.
Having failed to pass a terrible health care repeal bill through legislative means, he's now taking a different tack.
His paperwork contained more than 100 errors and omissions.
\We're saying 'Merry Christmas' again.\
A key tax credit for working people is being singled out for \fraud.\
The cuffs twisted the arms of the 8-year-boy behind his back.
Cue the theme tune!
The powers that be are underestimating Trump -- again.
He probably meant to say he met with Kenneth Mapp, the governor of the U.S. Virgin Islands.
He spoke about religious oppression, the recent hurricanes and the Las Vegas shooting, among other things.
Will they answer him?
\Do you actually have no clue how ridiculous this assertion is?\
The sabotage continues.
And sabotaging insurance markets.
\u00af\\_(\u30c4)_/\u00af
Eric Krieg -- a former Republican candidate for office in Lake County, Indiana -- allegedly sent a pipe bomb that injured a postal employee.
They sound like the accusations against the president of the United States.
The stakes are unbearably high.
Last Monday, Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt announced he will repeal the Obama administration\u2019s
Congressional conservatives are advancing policy that will spur tax avoidance schemes and prioritize investment abroad over domestic investment.
Unlike in the Vietnam era, the U.S. has been fighting its unsuccessful post-9/11 wars with barely a trace of an antiwar movement to show for it.
Eric Garner would have been safer in Baghdad than on that street corner in New York.
The Justice Department singled out five cities and counties as potentially breaking the law.
The president promised two months ago that his administration would \spend a lot of time, a lot of effort and a lot of money on the opioid crisis.\u201d
\It is a black eye for the organization and a huge scandal.\
The head of Breitbart News was once \extremely honored\ to work with the now-disgraced Hollywood producer.
The former administration created an environment where women were heard and defended. The current White House can't really reverse that.
Labor and safety groups are urging the Agriculture Department to turn down their request out of concern for workers and the public.
The prosecutor works at the same scandal-plagued district attorney's office already in hot water over alleged illegal use of a jail informant program.
It is shameful that we haven't acted quicker and more deliberately.
The president took another swipe at the island for its pre-hurricane financial crisis.
Amidst all the continuing distractions emanating from the White House these days (I.Q. tests, the N.F.L., World War III, etc
Nina Khrushcheva slams Trump over attacks on the media.
No, an increase in values of stocks owned by shareholders does not decrease the national debt owed by taxpayers.
It could create a parallel insurance system for healthy people.
Test your wits against these 20 allegations \u2013 each from a different woman \u2013 and see how you stack up!
The Panchen Lama has not been heard from since that day, more than 20 years ago, when he and his family were taken.
Giant corporations, loyal to coin and faithless to country, staged a public display of blubbering in the run up to this week\u2019s
We are witnessing a 21st-century style of dictatorial tyranny.
The benefits of medicinal cannabis are clear and the federal government shouldn't interfere with Americans receiving vital treatment for chronic illness.
There's a long history of Nazi sympathies in the U.S.
There's not enough weed in the world to make his claim sound smart.
The attorney general described a \crisis\ at the border, despite the plummeting number of illegal crossings.
The withdrawal of the United States is a severe blow for the Paris-based organization which began work in 1946.
Jones is running against Roy Moore, who's argued that Alabama doesn't have to abide by the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling on same-sex marriage.
Ben Sasse questions whether Trump is failing to \preserve, protect, and defend\ the First Amendment.
\I give 10 percent of my income to charity every year,\ the 2016 presidential candidate said. \This will be part of that.\
Stateline home page Sign up for exclusive state policy reporting and research \u00a0 \u2018Million-Dollar Patients\u2019 Dr. Anthony Vavasis
Your tax dollars support troops of defense contractor CEOs.
And the Hollywood A-listers who have stepped forward.
Currently in the United States, it is the states, not the federal government, that regulate the practice of medicine, although
There's a new sheriff in town.
The GOP plan is stuffed with goodies for the richest Americans.
The territory, whose 3.4 million residents are American citizens, declared bankruptcy in May.
A new report shows just how easy it is to get access to voting machines.
This is no time for purges.
In his best-selling Capital in the 21st Century, economist Thomas Piketty alerted us to the new aristocracy of wealth being
Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com I\u2019m sure you\u2019ve heard about the $65 million. Or was it $86 million? Or was it even more
Kurds are entitled to their own country... In theory.
The president suggested it might be time to \challenge\ NBC's \license\ to broadcast.
Kirstjen Nielsen has been central to Kelly's effort to bring order to the White House.
\Pure fiction, made up to demean,\ he tweeted.
And more of the latest polling news.
\u201cYou were not going to \u2018drain the swamp.\u2019 You are the swamp.\
The GOP leader may not personally be a fan of blue slips, but he's not getting rid of them, says his spokesman.
The congressman was convicted in June of assaulting a reporter.
The president pitches his tax plan to the truckers and business owners gathered at his Pennsylvania stop.
The death toll is up to 41, and around 40,000 people have been evacuated.
\u201cThe biggest piece of fake news in this election was that Donald Trump couldn\u2019t win, so there\u2019s that,\ she said in December.
But BNP Paribas is leaving loopholes open.
Toppling the longtime California Democrat would be no small task.
The politics become a lot easier for the administration if North Korea strikes first.
For the past 20 years, the state\u2019s politics have marched steadily to the right.
The AR-15 is able and likely to inflict catastrophic damage upon human beings. It is, by definition, \u201cdangerous.\u201d
With a House vote this week, a diverse group -- including Mark Ruffalo, Alice Walker, Laurence Tribe and FreedomWorks -- is getting involved.
Activists in California are calling for more legislation to protect immigrants.
Don't be fooled by the NRA's post-Las Vegas rhetorical camouflage.
The Senate Leadership Fund currently has no plans to help Republican firebrand Roy Moore.
Pulling out of the nuclear deal will carry great costs and little gain for the U.S.
It has 10 Republican supporters.
Tax cuts or bust remains the party's motto for now.
by Andrew Mayersohn It\u2019s been a big week for politicians refunding tainted campaign donations. First, Manhattan District
In Greenland, where a warming planet poses a particular menace for its massive ice sheet, residents are aghast at the cavalier attitude of the U.S. leader.
Think of your millions of supporters, Mr. Obama.
The suspended anchor has called the president a \white supremacist.\
Corker's rebuke of the president is \totally unacceptable in a time of war,\ the former White House chief strategist says.
\u201cThere has been no oppression in the last 100 years that I know of.\
She will quite likely clear the field of any strong Democrat who could replace her in the Senate.
It is becoming increasingly clear that to speak of a \u201cTrump presidency\u201d is a misnomer. There is no presidency, at least not
President Trump has given Iranian hardliners incentive to restart and weaponize their nuclear program.
In the wake of the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history, the response from Republicans has been its usual empty catch
In an increasing number of states, new laws allow farmers to distill and sell spirits using their own produce without high
Like Kushner, Warsh\u2019s secret to success seems to rest largely on the family he married into.
At least 10 are dead.
The Air Force charges $16,168 per hour to fly the vice president\u2019s plane. Pence flew more than six hours in all to walk out of a Colts game before it started.
If you\u2019re looking to Nebraska for a model to emulate, don\u2019t look at the football team. Look at the state legislature.
To most Americans who oppose the NFL players kneeling during the National Anthem, their problem \u201chas nothing to do with race
\u201cWhen you\u2019re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything.\u201d
Like Hoover before him, the same traits that propelled Trump to the presidency now limit his ability to govern effectively.
Trump claimed the powerful GOP senator \was made to sound a fool\ for harshly criticizing the president.
As the effects of global warming become undeniably visible, the EPA has proposed eliminating the country's only major climate change policy.
Some states plan to create one-stop portals where residents and businesses can click on to an online shopping cart to order
Leading up to the announcement were revelations that Murphy was having an extramarital affair with a young woman named Shannon Edwards.
Iran is sticking to the deal.
No one person or party has all the answers, as history has amply shown.
\u201cThe idea that Cuba knows nothing about how these attacks took place and who perpetrated them is absurd,\u201d Senator Marco Rubio
The White House counselor called such claims \outrageous\ and \offensive.\
Trump has been losing his grip.
\u201cI think this was obviously a decision not to engage in police reform,\ says the former head of the Justice Department's COPS Office.
Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Even though\u00a0the article\u00a0was buried at the bottom of page eight of the September 28th\u00a0New
Sixteen years, but who\u2019s counting?
It includes the border wall.
She said she has \lots more to do.\
\Washington's broken.\
Archie Parnell nearly won a June special election in a Republican stronghold.
\u201cCAN WE JUST MAKE IT THROUGH A WEEKEND WITHOUT THIS ADMINISTRATION ABUSING TAXPAYER DOLLARS WITH JET TRAVEL!?\
\u201cIt\u2019s a huge development and it\u2019s part of an ongoing diabolical plan that the Republican leadership have been promoting and implementing to take over one branch after another,\ said Bob Hall, head of Democracy North Carolina.
We are often the last line of defense for immigrants who have failed multiple times to convince Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officers that they have a \u201ccredible fear of persecution or torture.\u201d
Democratic lawmakers ripped into Pence over his expensive attempt to shame players protesting during the national anthem.
Readers are far less likely to dismiss these results on partisan grounds.
The powerful senator was an early and influential voice who helped propel Trump into the presidency.
We have every reason to believe that our massive gun violence malady is intimately connected to our exceptional rates of gun ownership.
On Sunday, Vice-President Mike Pence walked out of an Indianapolis Colts \u2013 San Francisco 49er football before the game even
The president is considering executive action that could destabilize markets and undermine pre-existing condition protections.
Google has downplayed the possibility of Russian influence on its platforms, but launched a probe into the matter, according to the report.
A long string of sexual harassment claims dog both men.
His country needs him again.
\I was having fun. They were having fun,\ Trump said.
In the next election, send them back to their caves, where their dirty paws will no longer have access to our bodies and our health care.
I recently took some time away from writing to just\u2026 breathe. A beloved family member is in the process of passing away. So
Existing legislation is enough to reduce the island\u2019s obligations, said Mick Mulvaney.
Bump stocks, like the Las Vegas shooter used, should be \regulated differently,\ he says.
We wake up each day being bombarded with news that puts us on edge. We have to focus on the things we can control.
Rex Tillerson is about to discover the perils of crossing Donald Trump. He goofed and the only course of action he has left
GOP Sen. Bob Corker responds that the White House \has become an adult day care center,\ while a source disputes Trump's assertion.
FEMA Director Brock Long dismissed her complaints as \political noise.\
The actions of the U.S. government and the U.S. manufacturers of Agent Orange and other deadly herbicides is a moral outrage.
\This is what systemic oppression looks like. A man with power comes to the game, tweets a couple of things out ... to thwart our efforts.\
\Trump\u2019s speed in nominating judges has been perhaps the most successful aspect of his presidency.\
\The administration\u2019s strategy is crystal clear. It\u2019s to create uncertainty every step of the way,\ said Hawaii Attorney General Doug Chin.
Like it or not the Second Amendment exists and the Supreme Court has ruled that its language guarantees an individual right
\Thoughts and prayers are the Republican way of saying 'tough s**t.'\
The Hollywood producer settled several sexual harassment allegations over decades.
The image of the president throwing paper towels to people in Puerto Rico this week will not leave my mind. It was sickening
How reassuring.
\u201cThe California Department of Justice will fight to protect every woman\u2019s right to healthcare, including reproductive healthcare.\
The \Hollywood Guns\ exhibit \spotlights 125 firearms that have thrilled moviegoers for generations,\ the NRA website says.
Trump did not make clear to what he was referring.
\Ugh. Just build the wall already... permanently around him.\
This could be the key for Democrats to win back the working-class voters who elected President Donald Trump.
Nathaniel Stinnett\u2019s two-year-old Environmental Voter Project is expanding this month into four new states
But at least it keeps us from talking about the bigger problem of gun violence in America.
The debate around gun control is a debate about people\u2019s lives.
The bill doesn't have much support among Trump voters and NRA fans either.
This post first appeared at BillMoyers.com. Puerto Rico is devastated.\u00a0Two hurricanes plunged the island into darkness and
A dark cloud hangs over our country. With the recent Las Vegas mass murder and our government\u2019s pathetic response to the
Congress\u2019 failure to re-enact the Children\u2019s Health Insurance Program is putting states in a tough bind. By Michael Ollove
The same industry players who agreed to the standards are now working to roll them back.
In recognition of National Manufacturing Day, more than 170 events will take place today across California. Hosted by manufacturers
Mr. Kaepernick has sacrificed by attempting to move us all toward a more perfect union.
If the public doesn\u2019t know the truth, we cannot assist in the response or hold our government accountable if it fails us.
Some suggestions for repairing America's diplomatic machinery.
And it was all legal.
Failing to address Des Moines' earnings gap isn\u2019t very \u201cnice.\u201d
Ok, let\u2019s dismiss the continuing fantasy that Donald Trump is the president of all Americans. He\u2019s not. And he\u2019s never going
Might makes right.
Over decades.
Instead of resigning, here's another option to consider.
\u201cYou guys know what this represents?\u201d Trump asked reporters.
ABC and CBS both turned around in-depth segments on the sexual harassment accusations against the Hollywood mogul.
The Justice Department called the challenge \u201cpremature.\
Key factors in Donald Trump\u2019s electoral college victory included the candidate\u2019s own tremendous huckster skills, the support
The president likes signing bills and this one would get something done.
They want action, and soon.
Everyone in America \u2014 regardless of where they were born, the state where they live, the color of their skin, or the size
After some Republicans expressed interest.
President Donald Trump gave young undocumented immigrants only a month to extend their work permits.
We want to hear from you.
After so many horrific shootings \u2014 Columbine, Virginia Tech, Aurora, Sandy Hook, Orlando, and many, many others \u2014 it\u2019s almost
A few days ago, a madman rained down bullets from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Hotel in Las Vegas on people attending
The GOP is warming to the idea of banning the device that figured in the Las Vegas mass shooting.
Project Safe Neighborhoods can lead to lengthy federal sentences for crimes typically charged on the local level.
When he finds himself on the defensive, President Donald Trump\u2019s go-to tactic is to lash out at the press. \u00a0On Thursday, Trump
Mark Green withdrew his name from consideration after he came under criticism for anti-LGBTQ remarks.
The judge said cooperating with the federal commission could violate voter privacy and chill free speech.
The move comes after a New York Times report on decades of sexual harassment claims against the film executive.
A bill signed by Gov. Jerry Brown will limit cooperation between local law enforcement and federal immigration officials.
The devices, which allow semi-automatic weapons to fire like machine guns, were used by the Las Vegas shooter.
Because The New York Times \is going to twist every single word\ of his, she explained.
There are winners and losers, and some Republicans just want to make sure their constituents don't lose too much.
Secretary Ryan Zinke is steering the agency badly off course, says Joel Clement, who resigned from Interior on Wednesday.
\Are you not aware that you are making unspeakable tragedy sound like good news?\
\Big dreams & even bigger hair.\
This is the way it works, even if you\u2019re a lawyer known for representing victims of sexual harassment.
Kim Weaver says she feels a \special sisterhood\ with Carmen Yul\u00edn Cruz.
The Trump White House is coming up with an immigration  wish list that will unite Democrats in opposition and split Republicans.
\u201cIt\u2019s a very courageous decision by D.C.\
Paying to Put Out Fires Each state pays for wildland firefighting slightly differently. Lawmakers in many wildfire-prone
Listening to my students taught me about the irrationality of our nation's gun debate.
The global political project known as \u201ccentrism\u201d continues to collapse, despite its billionaire backers\u2019 increasingly desperate
Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com We tend to think of them as separate and distinct wars
Had the shooter been black, Mexican or Muslim, we'd be hearing a lot more than just \thoughts and prayers.\
Politico first reported Kelly's personal phone may have been breached for months.
Pres. Donald Trump was briefed on the attack after his trip to visit victims of the Las Vegas shooting.
\The staggering, urgent need is simply beyond the capacity of government alone.\
Mnuchin\u2019s use of a plane at taxpayer expense to travel to Kentucky with his wife to view the solar eclipse and speak to business leaders prompted an outcry.
The EPA is looking to repeal an anti-pollution regulation \u2014\nwith no commitment to replace it.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein introduced the new bill after her daughter nearly attended the deadly Las Vegas concert.
Bill O\u2019Reilly doubled down on his despicable claim that mass shootings are the \price of freedom.\ He\u2019s wrong. Again.
The tax handout to millionaires will balloon the deficit, which in turn will provide an excuse to demand cuts to Medicare and Medicaid.
As the FBI continues to sift through the past of Las Vegas shooter\u00a0Stephen Paddock, an investigative focus has developed
LAS VEGAS \u2014\u00a0The name sounded familiar, but when a worker at the Tropicana Casino and Resort saw the first public photo of
The president's cuts to advertising, consumer assistance and outreach make it necessary, a former health official says.
A business tax cut could open a big loophole for wealthy filers to use.
We'd like to hear from you.
Nearly 40 percent consider these horrific events a \fact of life.\
Chief Justice John Roberts said the court's integrity could be harmed by getting involved in the case. Ruth Bader Ginsburg said there was a greater danger.
It was an unusual move for the typically media-averse Tillerson.
We are a nation that is devoted to firearms and view sensible regulation as an assault.
A major chapter in American history\u2013rarely taught in our schools\u2013is how ever larger corporations have moved to game, neutralize
I will, for as long as my body and mind will let me, be an advocate for every American\u2019s life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
\The breach of your system has actually created more business opportunities for you.\
Instead of \pushing their own political beliefs,\ Americans should be offering up their prayers, the Louisiana congressman told Fox News.
The donation was returned, but questions remain.
When it feels bleak, that just means the people who are working towards a better future are easy to find\u2014if you know where to look.
We got your news right here. 1. The girlfriend of Las Vegas mass shooting suspect Stephen Paddock will talk to the FBI, and
This post first appeared at BillMoyers.com The clich\u00e9 of the decade is that America consists of two nations which don\u2019t like
Stephen Paddock appeared to have premeditated the massacre by setting up cameras inside and outside of his hotel room to see when authorities would be coming.
Donald Trump has already created enough division, I\u2019m not going to let him divide my family too! \u201cThe Charlottesville debacle
This should not be our reality.
By Darryl Lorenzo Wellington My encounter with Dreamers last month happened by chance. I was sitting in my local library
They promoted anti-Muslim sentiment, CNN reported.
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear a case that promises the possibility of judicial guidance on how to maintain both access
The former Virginia congressman can wow journalists. But can he succeed within his own party?
Stormfront is up and running again with the help of several internet companies that previously denied services to hate sites.
In his resignation letter, Joel Clement calls on Trump's interior secretary to step down and for agency staff to \speak truth to power.\
The committee has reached no conclusion about whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russia.
Protesters crashed Stormfront's closed-door conference in the woods.
After a shooting massacre in Las Vegas Sunday killed 59 and wounded 527 more, Tom Brokaw delivered a powerful sermon on the
At the same time, he defends a GOP bill that made it easier for the mentally ill to get guns.
Roy Moore gives the country a glimpse of conservatism gone-to-seed.
It has taken the Trump administration three takes to figure out how to legally implement a Muslim ban \u2013 because they still have not figured out it is unconstitutional to implement a Muslim ban.
Puerto Ricans in San Juan, struggling after Hurricane Maria, have mixed feelings about the president's visit.
Mattis appeared to break from Trump, who has strongly indicated that he plans to not renew the deal.
At least 21 Americans working at the U.S. embassy in Havana have been affected.
It\u2019s clear to anyone paying attention that you are an enabler of the violence you rail against.
Gun control is not equivalent to Islamophobia.
The White House said the move will \facilitate a culture of life.\
By Thomas Kennedy In April, state Senator Frank Artiles resigned from his seat in Florida\u2019s recently redistricted Senate
\I'm a hunter and a sportsman but No body needs these weapons.\
\It is time to end the National Rifle Association.\
Members of Congress are split on whether to tie the fate of young undocumented immigrants to other measures that could sink a deal.
Or how to further enrich \the masters of the universe.\
Right now, the president's tax plan is actually a tax increase for a family with even one child.
After Russian hackers targeted state voting systems last year, some officials are renewing their focus on switching to paper
When will Americans get tired of revisiting this script?
Here we are again.
The plan could mean huge tax cuts for the very rich.
The years since the September 11 attacks have seen a myriad of civil lawsuits brought in the United States to expose the
Last week President Trump reaffirmed his travel ban on six Muslim countries. As a fig leaf, he also threw in North Korea
It's time to do something.
When driving up Route 60 along the Kanawha River to our family reunions, the Hawks Nest State Park overlook offered my family
High-tech gerrymandering enables partisan politicians to rig the process by cherrypicking their voters.
Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com I first \u201cmet\u201d Noam Chomsky in 1969 by reading these words of his about the My Lai massacre
The president's attacks on football players and the mayor of San Juan are a poisonous mixture of past resentments and racial hate.
98 percent of all mass shooters in the U.S. have been male.
\It was relentless.\
By Jennifer Becker We\u2019ve heard the numbers\u2014more than 1 in 3 women have been raped, physically assaulted or stalked by an
The Republican approach is more about a flawed concept of federalism than about health care.
Get ready for a rocky ride.
A letter to Democratic members of Congress aims to make government spying an issue for future presidential candidates.
Huge numbers of people in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands are still without power.
\477 Days. 521 Mass Shootings. Zero Action from Congress,\ reads the headline on the succinct editorial.
Other developed nations do not seem to have this much of an issue with mass shootings by lone gunmen.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said that people should wait for \all of the facts.\
For New Yorkers, Puerto Rico sometimes seems as if it\u2019s a sixth borough; over 700,000 people from Puerto Rico live in New
In response to the recent mass shooting at the Route 91 Harvest Festival in Las Vegas, many people are arguing about whether
I have spent the last two decades responding to the addiction crisis.
\Imagine the deaths if the shooter had a silencer,\ which the gun lobby \wants to make easier to get.\
Despite Michigan's large Muslim population, the president's xenophobic rhetoric is terrifying.
Their plan simplifies the tax code partly by taking away some benefits.
The shooter in Las Vegas was identified as 64-year-old Stephen Paddock, a white male from Mesquite, Nev., police said. Officials
A new study shows the oil companies\u2019 addiction to government subsidies -- the very thing used by fossil fuel advocates to criticize renewables.
The agency invited everyone on the registry to come to a designated medical shelter at least 24 hours before Irma was projected
Companies like Wells Fargo and Equifax should not be allowed to cheat consumers with impunity.
How do you say 'MAGA' in German?
We didn't get here by happenstance.
Facebook said it plans to turn over  some 3,000 ads with suspected Russian connections from the 2016 election.
This is the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. modern history.
Attacks on soft targets have become commonplace and will become even more so with the passage of time.
Our city is filled with world-class arts and culture.
Let\u2019s step beyond the vitriol and wade within the logic pool for a spell.
How civility and inclusion drive progress.
Back when he was running for U.S. Senate in 2014, Sen. Cory Gardner (R\u2014CO) dismissed his opponents\u2019 repeated accusations
Congress was expected to vote on the measure in the coming weeks.
We don't know much about Stephen Paddock at this point, which is exactly the problem.
Perhaps the controversy is more than \a little BS.\
Even if there had been minimal checks, Paddock still would likely have flown under the radar.
Why are so many people willing to die and to kill so many others?
Nevada's lax gun laws are pretty much the norm in the U.S.
The federal government likely wouldn't have charged Stephen Paddock with terrorism, even if he'd lived.
The pattern of praising Trump for reading from a teleprompter continues.
But will they do anything?
Both companies promoted blatantly false conspiracy theories that misidentified shooting suspects and victims.
Lectures at Harvard and Berkeley aim to help progressives fight the Trump administration.
ACT for America is dealing with white supremacists showing up at its rallies.
For years, the former Arizona congresswoman and her husband, former astronaut Mark Kelly, have been speaking out for gun control.
Congress needs to \u201cget off its ass and do something\u201d about mass shootings, says Sen. Chris Murphy.
A former Justice Department official says the new revelations \raise serious concerns.\
Gun violence kills tens of thousands of people in the U.S. every year.
\The myth that they\u2019ve been peddling to the American public has the possibility of being exposed.\
Sadly, gun violence is an evergreen topic.
Republican support for gun control plummeted during the Obama presidency.
Bombastic rhetoric aside, the president's self-expressed response to North Korea would defy the UN and spur a global crisis.
The president's obsession with anti-racist anthem protesters continues.
The California Unity Center is a regional response to national concerns about freedom and equality.
He thinks the president has reflected since Charlottesville -- a period in which Trump has  attacked NFL players and Puerto Rican officials.
The Tax Policy Center says the wealthiest Americans would get the highest tax cuts.
Top officials Steve Mnuchin and Mick Mulvaney are among those attacking Carmen Yul\u00edn Cruz.
Harris defended the action, saying that kneeling was to \call attention to injustice.\
Lawmakers are playing with fire.
\And all I did last week, or even this week, was ask for help. It has to happen in a sustained manner,\ Carmen Yul\u00edn Cruz said.
The figure hit 55%, more than a week after Hurricane Maria made landfall, the Defense Department reported.
Pretty useless to people without power and clean water.
This writer served Trump some ice cold tea.
The Ohio governor also noted that Americans seem enthusiastic about the idea of candidates outside the two main parties.
Brennan released a statement addressing freedom of expression and Trump's response to Puerto Rico in one fell swoop.
Here's a list of players and teams who demonstrated during Sunday\u2019s games.
Okay, now this is getting personal. I have spent my entire adult life maneuvering through political landmines and public
The most ignorant, cruelest, most narcissistic and inhumane man to ever sit in the Oval Office is in charge of the armed forces, FEMA and the nuclear codes.
Is Donald Trump going to hell for his callousness and incompetence toward Puerto Rico? Lin-Manuel Miranda, the creator of
Some say kneeling during the national anthem disrespects the military. One vet strongly disagrees.
Will Bob Mueller add the Flightgate investigation to his agenda? I mean, the Russians must be involved somehow. Since mid
The president attacked her \nasty\ criticism of the government's management, and said the people of Puerto Rico want \everything to be done for them.\
Trump may have promised to \u201cdrain the swamp,\u201d but several Cabinet secretaries appear to fit right in.
This isn't the first time the president dragged the news media during a national crisis.
The country has kept a low profile as Saudi Arabia, the leader of the coalition, faces loud accusations of war crimes. But it bears major responsibility for Yemen's unprecedented pain, a new report argues.
\This is just another example of fiscal irresponsibility run amok in Congress right now,\ he said in 2009.
\Price had too much baggage, overhead.\
The upcoming Supreme Court case will decide whether big corporations can use arbitration clauses to take away workers\u2019 rights to band together to challenge employer wrongdoing in court.
If the president wants to prevent the North from developing nuclear weapons, the starting point is to recognize Pyongyang\u2019s security conundrum.
\And the president has shown again, you don\u2019t give a damn about poor people.\
The bill would also keep abortions legal even if the U.S. Supreme Court were to strike down Roe v. Wade.
\Damn it, this is not a good news story. This is a people are dying story.\
\u201cMore than a week since Maria impacted Puerto Rico, there is still no power on the island, very few places have water.\
Most of the president's income comes from his \u201csmall\u201d businesses, whose rate the proposal slashes dramatically.
It's a lawsuit waiting to happen.
The horror master reveals what he thinks Trump's tax plan is really all about.
Mayor Michael Signer talks about how the city is faring just over a month after its deadly protests.
He cost taxpayers over $1 million by using private planes for official travel.
\Whoever keeps his mouth and his tongue keeps himself out of trouble.\
A rally supporting the center in Tennessee drew a strong crowd.
The effort began after it was reported that Jared Kushner and other senior White House officials had used private email accounts.
NFL players again stood in solidarity after President Donald Trump's call to fire players protesting racial injustice.
Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin spent a large portion of an official trip sightseeing.
In a strongly-worded letter\u00a0sent late Thursday to Purdue University president Mitch Daniels, Senators Dick Durbin (D-IL) and
The Biblical concept of prosperity is that no one among us would be poor, not that every one among us would be rich.
Somewhere deep in the heart of Alabama there are voices being raised in shock and agony, echoing that of the Chicago Tribune\u2019s
Donald Trump\u2019s Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price should have never been confirmed. Price has a long history of
Under Graham-Cassidy, the states would have lost $205 billion in federal health funding between 2020 and 2026, one analysis
Despite his many, many shortcomings, Trump is tuned in to the values, sentiment and mood of his political base.
\President Trump\u2019s newest travel ban is still a Muslim ban at its core,\ said the group's executive director.
It's still unclear whether embassy personnel are being targeted for injury.
\u201cOur decisions will be guided by our flag and not kneel to anyone,\u201d the Interior secretary forcefully told a protester Friday.
Loving your country means shedding light on its shortcomings.
\u201cWe\u2019re running out of potable water. Out of food.\
Donald Trump's tax agenda undercuts a major subsidy for homeowners.
Mayor Carmen Yul\u00edn Cruz blasts FEMA for focusing on paperwork rather than saving lives.
The shocking number of high profile departures call into question Trump's boasts of hiring only the \best people.\
Neo-Nazis are holding a conference this weekend, and we think we found out where.
City leaders are now pushing to make sure the revival reaches everybody.
Biden tweeted his support to the  actress after she revealed her breast cancer diagnosis.
Dear Senator McCain, One of my father\u2019s prized possessions was a picture that he had taken of him with your predecessor Senator
Our system weights some votes more than others, and these weighted votes almost always work to the Republicans\u2019 advantage.
That swamp is looking mighty cushy.
The new teacher education courses can be taken whenever teachers have time, not on scheduled dates, and from wherever they
The three former presidents attended the opening of the golfing event together.
It appears he's considering an industry's profits over aid to 3.5 million Americans facing a humanitarian crisis.
He can keep saying it, but that doesn't make it true.
The law would have slapped huge fees on ships transporting aid to the hurricane-ravaged territory.
FBI Director Christopher Wray, who replaced fired former Director James Comey, said the bureau must embrace change.
The Minnesota congressman dismissed criticism about the timing of the bill, given the subsequent GOP Graham-Cassidy Obamacare repeal effort.
It was only going to be a matter of time before we learned a Russian company with ties to the Kremlin bought political ads
WASHINGTON, Sept 27 (Reuters) - A U.S.\u00a0senator on Wednesday said Russian internet trolls, seeking to polarize Americans, helped
He's probably talking about the owners who have criticized him and backed protesting players.
The price is wrong.
Patriotism isn\u2019t about forcing people to stand and salute the flag, or shaming them for choosing not to.
Phrasing?
After federal courts struck down Donald Trump's first two Muslim bans, his functionaries crafted a third one. In an attempt
Gary Cohn also suggested that money could be used for a substantial home renovation.
Take a look at his legacy.
The president said he's \not happy\ with the HHS secretary's use of charter flights.
Millennials are not avocado-eating caricatures; They are real people with real Issues, and it\u2019s time to speak to them honestly.
Democrats could dispense with their \u201cstrategists\u201d and pollsters, whose chief achievement has been to lose power in the face
And they're focusing on oft-forgotten state legislatures.
He accidentally listed himself as a woman on his voter registration form.
Human survival depends on our ability to develop non-violent means of conflict resolution that do not involve war.
Lobbying in the age of negative partisanship.
The lawmaker thanks police heroes who saved him and others on a baseball field.
\Frankly I don\u2019t think they understand how serious this problem is,\ Sen. Mark Warner said.
If Republicans can pass a legislative fix for DACA, it may well benefit them politically in a number of ways.
And the Bannonites are loving it.
One change in particular would give wealthy people like the president a massive break.
Only 19 percent of Americans know anyone who was affected by Hurricane Maria.
A majority say he's not fit to serve as president.
DHS is standing by its initial assessment that 21 states were targeted.
Maybe the president's economic adviser hasn't read the plan yet. Eighty percent of the tax cuts go to the wealthy, according to one estimate.
New Yorker Peter Lopez, who takes office Oct. 10, has his work cut out for him. He earns high marks from an EPA predecessor.
Take a look at some of Roy Moore's most controversial moments.
The news is still grim. 1. Chuck Rosenberg, the interim head of the DEA and holdover from the Obama administration, will
Like many victims, the GOP establishment failed to perceive danger before their captor bound and gagged them.
The Health and Human Services secretary has reportedly spent $400,000 on private planes since May.
\u201cThe centerpiece of Roy Moore\u2019s political campaign is a commitment to Christian supremacy.\
\I don\u2019t agree that they should hold the United States of America or the world hostage.\
He's not even being subtle about it.
An outside group showed Republicans the ads they're running. Some Republicans didn't take it well.
The only details released so far slash taxes for business owners and the richest taxpayers. Everyone else gets the White House\u2019s word they\u2019ll get a cut, too.
The U.S. flag code says nothing about kneeling, Mr. President
Critically important decisions about who gets to live and who dies are being made \u2014 often along racial lines \u2014 by an almost uniformly white group of prosecutors.
After defeating Luther Strange on Tuesday, he is now the favorite to become the next U.S. senator from Alabama.
The flag, the Bible, the cross, the ring, the badge, the collar... we are a country rife with symbols, literally wrapped
\He accuses Muslims of trying to push Sharia law and yet he\u2019s the one trying to impose religion on other people.\
Is this really what unity looks like?
One of the first times I used the phrase \u201cinstitutional insanity\u201d was in 1973 to describe the behavior of scientist Dixy
It's all part of the president's strategy to distract his base.
As Congress takes up tax code reform, there is one thing we can be sure of. Most of us will not understand what the House
By Maria Behan I\u2019d originally thought about entitling this column \u201cHillary, Bernie and the Future of the Democratic Party
May said she was \disappointed\ with the U.S. decision to massively tax a key Northern Ireland job creator.
Stateline home page Sign up for exclusive state policy reporting and research Often the communities where most black immigrants
Mr. President, perhaps you should first read Obamacare\u2019s Section 1333 and related commentary to it.
\u201cIt\u2019s incredibly ironic that the attorney general wants to come here to talk about free speech but is excluding dissenting voices.\u201d
We can and should do better for the people of Puerto Rico.
The change to Super Tuesday could give the heavily Democratic state more political clout.
How are we to understand the true impediments of substance use recovery if we don\u2019t include the ones who hold the experiential knowledge?
\The NFL tweets are still there, of course. Racism is fine. Backing a loser isn't.\
More details emerged about the health secretary's costly trips one day after the White House distanced itself from the controversy.
The president wiped his messages in support of incumbent Luther Strange.
Roy Moore beat his preferred candidate in Alabama. Now the GOP must answer for Moore's controversial past.
He later tells CNN he regrets his \flippant remark.\
\Please leave The Boss out of your politricks.\
The move will affect tens of thousands of the world's most vulnerable people.
in the end, love will win and keep us undivided.
The flag is a symbolic representation of the nation as an entirety, which includes everyone who is a citizen of the United States of America. You do not have to be a member of the military to be represented by the flag.
This week, Republicans are going to try, once again, to repeal Obamacare. Thanks to Susan Collins, Rand Paul and John McCain
In spite of a rebounding and more robust economy, many in the lower middle and working classes remain anxious and concerned
No one should be cut out of the process come Election Day simply because he or she did not register to vote in time.
In the 1990s, Christians in the United States revived the phrase \u201cWhat would Jesus do?\u201d The question encourages people of
Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com At the U.N. recently, Donald Trump followed up on his bloodcurdling threat to unleash on
Allowing young Americans to pre-register to vote will encircle millions more Americans in our civic processes.
But Senate Republicans are changing their bill so much, the CBO can't tell exactly how many millions.
Kameen Thompson started his workday Sept. 15 thinking that his employer, ArcelorMittal in Conshohocken, Pa., the largest
The New Parent Leave Act is common sense reform that will better serve the children of our state.
The anti-choice movement is now targeting the repeal of Medicaid funds covering abortion services.
These Democrats aren't buying that the Justice Department is independent from the president's commission.
How it might actually be fought.
The powerful GOP senator from Tennessee has been an outspoken critic of President Donald Trump.
\He doesn't think that has any political relevance and it's certainly not personally important,\ she added.
Back in 2006, one of the country\u2019s stellar gun violence researchers, Kristin Goss of Duke University, wrote a book in which
If GOP voters reject the incumbent senator, it will be a significant embarrassment for Donald Trump and Mitch McConnell.
In politics, it is not unusual for the administration of a president to take a more nuanced position on an issue than the
Most people who said they were daunted by the law actually had an acceptable form of ID and could have voted, the study found.
\u201cThis is an island, sitting in the middle of an ocean, and it\u2019s a big ocean. It\u2019s a very big ocean,\u201d said the president.
Big Pharma went on a political spending spree the next day.
The Graham-Cassidy bill is one vote short.
\u201cThe president has free speech rights too,\ the attorney general said of Trump's condemnation of NFL players who protest.
As Mueller homes in on the White House, the need to protect his investigation grows.
A third of the Environmental Protection Agency\u2019s Science Advisory Board, an influential panel that reviews the science the
\It is insulting to the community, to the idea of freedom of expression, and therefore to the very point of a law school,\ one of the signers says.
Arizona became the first state to allow drugmakers to promote off-label uses of their drugs. Will other states follow, and
Campaigns need to get more creative if they want to persuade voters.
\What does it say about our moment that the closest comparison is McCarthyism?\u201d
The last person in the world who should be chastising African-American athletes for exercising their First Amendment rights
\I was ashamed of what was taking place,\u201d the president said during a press conference with the Spanish prime minister.
Students and professors protested Sessions' appearance at the Georgetown University law school, accusing him of hypocrisy on free speech.
\I still can\u2019t believe we pulled it off, but we did. It\u2019s amazing, isn\u2019t it?\
More people are watching top NFL games than ever watched \The Apprentice.\
The crackdown on entertainment copyrights shows what can be done when the political will exists.
There\u2019s been an ongoing discussion surrounding Bernie Sanders\u2019 highly-anticipated, newly unveiled \u201cMedicare for All\u201d bill
Her comments came just hours before reports that at least six Trump officials had used private emails.
President claims the island is \doing well\ with food, water and medical needs.
The first question is a political question that might be answered quite early in the week
The documents had no legal authority. They were a ruse, essentially, to coax reluctant witnesses to talk to prosecutors.
President Trump\u2019s inaugural United Nations speech was a study in inconsistency, a dueling flirtation with sovereignty-focused
Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com It drove me crazy throughout the 2016 presidential campaign. Hillary Clinton (with all
The NFL demonstrations this weekend were an encouraging signal.
Since mid-2017,\u00a0Republic Report's \u201cTrump Terrible 10\u201d has ranked the week\u2019s 10 most disgraceful figures in the Trump administration
Let\u2019s start the week of with a heavy dose of reality. 1. Jared Kushner has been using a private email account to conduct
I cannot stand \u2013 not until once again those words in the Constitution mean to me what they are supposed to.
It seems clear that Donald Trump will manufacture or grasp at anything he can to divide Americans from each other. Even use
The court also said that oral arguments in the case will no longer be held on Oct. 10.
They cited more than two decades of consistent enforcement of the rule in question \u2013 until Trump.
Dozens of NFL players took part in the protests.
This will take money.
Other senior Trump aides had also used private email accounts, including Reince Priebus and Steve Bannon.
But they appear to be losing support, with no easy way to get it back.
The court said the federal law in question \was intended as a shield to protect the right to vote, not as a sword to pierce it.\u201d
Most of the countries on the new list are still Muslim-majority, said Becca Heller, IRAP's director.
55 million women stand to lose contraception coverage.
Opposition from the senator from Maine leaves Republicans at least one vote short.
Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos, who has blatantly abandoned federal protections for students and taxpayers in swiftly
Yes, he is running America like one of his businesses.
We are becoming one of the most \u201cwoke\u201d cities in the country.
Republicans suddenly aren't so worried about budget deficits.
It \opens the door to very bare-bones coverage.\
The workers\u2019 complaints centered on low wages and a lack of training, among other issues.
Travis County Sheriff's Office abandons its \sanctuary\ policy hours after the ruling.
It is clear to me that those who criticize Kaepernick and his teammates for a lack of patriotism are actually guilty themselves of false or mistaken patriotism.
But, as polls show, opinions are more complicated than they might seem at first glance.
The new countries it includes are just a way to cover up the fact that the ban still primarily targets Muslims, experts said.
The religious leaders' open letter said the bill would force \America\u2019s most vulnerable people to face unnecessary and immoral obstacles.\
He pleaded guilty in May to sending obscene messages to a 15-year-old girl.
She's one of the nation's most progressive governors -- and she's taking aim at Donald Trump.
Remember the First Amendment?
Remember what the Dixie Chicks went through during the Bush administration?
Don't lose sight of what this is really about.
The Maine senator says it would take a \surprise\ from the CBO to get her support.
\u201cHealth care is too important to get wrong. Let\u2019s take the time to get it right.\u201d
The bill's political fortunes -- already dim -- just got dimmer.
I see someone who is exercising our democracy\u2019s prime directive.
The treasury secretary says NFL owners should fine or suspend the protesting players.
North Korea will test Trump\u2019s diplomatic approach, and time will tell if he can prevail.
Chris Wallace had him dead to rights.
I started posting blogs on the Ken Burns/Lynn Novick documentary, \Vietnam War\ last Sunday. These are just the ruminations
The ladies opted to stay in their locker room while the Minnesota Lynx stood on the court with locked arms.
Their opponents, the Tennessee Titans, also did not appear for the anthem, but for a different reason.
Milo Yiannopoulos' big alt-right rally at the University of California, Berkeley got canceled. Now he says he'll hold a rally anyway on Sunday.
The new restrictions, slated to go into effect on October 18, broadens the scope of the ban from Muslim-majority countries.
The alt-right media personality didn't get his \Free Speech Week\ \u2014 but he successfully trolled this campus.
One player broke with the team and stood on the sidelines.
\I have the highest level of personal regard for her.\
Shahid Khan, who donated $1 million to Trump\u2019s inauguration committee, joined dozens demonstrating.
\I\u2019ve never said anything about race.\
3.4 million Americans are enduring \apocalyptic\ conditions right now because of Hurricane Maria.
Under fire, the president characteristically digs in.
Ever used a disposable picnic plate with a U.S. flag on it? The Flag Code frowns on that.
Polarizing hostile discourse will only breed more division while, at the same time, making real debate over issues less likely.
Experts are concerned the pair are edging dangerously close to war.
Milo Yiannopoulos says the far-right rally is a go. Others say it's canceled. Either way, the California campus is bracing for big protests.
The shutdown, which raised protests from navigator groups, will occur from midnight Saturday to 12 p.m. Sunday on all but one weekend.
The newest attack was just the latest in a back and forth feud between the president and the North Korean leader.
Trump is holding Kap captive to the NFL\u2019s rigid, unbending and unyielding arrogance of power.
ABC says the Treasury secretary took one flight from New York to D.C. that cost taxpayers $25,000. And he's not the only high-flyer in the Cabinet.
Two Democrats who voted against the war authorization discuss it on this week's \Candidate Confessional.\
Trump's denunciation of protesting athletes contrasts with Obama's nuanced view.
\You can't be uninvited to something you weren't going to anyway.\
The Cleveland Cavaliers forward had some strong words for the president.
\Stephen Curry is hesitating, therefore invitation is withdrawn!\
\u201cFake news. They won\u2019t show this,\u201d the president says as CNN airs a split screen to include the audience.
State election officials didn't know whether their systems had been targeted until Friday.
\I can\u2019t take anything our Celebrity in Chief says seriously. He\u2019s a real life clown/troll.\
The president said he wanted NFL owners to \get that son of a bitch off the field,\ an implicit reference to Colin Kaepernick and others who have protested like him.
Boom.
This is a stark contrast.
We should take our own advice, embrace functionality and compromise, take some losses with the victories, and let Chuck and Nancy do the deals with Trump.
To the minds of conservatives, the United States can never have enough death and destruction.
Asheville will not accept hate in any form and will do anything to show that to the rest of America.
The tech giant is now self-regulating political ads.
Sens. Mark Warner and Amy Klobuchar plan to introduce the new bill soon, weeks after it came to light that Russian interests bought Facebook ads during the 2016 election.
When people talk about a wolf in sheep\u2019s clothing, they generally mean something that appears benign on the surface hiding
He's been hospitalized since last week due to low blood pressure, his spokeswoman said.
Officials will not yet say what countries will face restrictions or what the restrictions will be.
Who supports these harmful anti-child policies?
The lawsuit alleges police are unconstitutionally menacing protesters with riot tactics and chemical weapons.
UNITED NATIONS \u2013 If Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is correct, the agreement to curb Iran\u2019s nuclear ambitions has to be
Senator Bill Cassidy is trying to buy the key vote of his Alaska colleague, Senator Lisa Murkowski, for his Obamacare repeal
A suit in California says the state\u2019s Medicaid program pays doctors so poorly, the mostly Hispanic patients that use the
Senator Graham, be careful what you wish for.
The judge had removed the death penalty as an option because of law enforcement's misuse of a jailhouse informant.
The ban is about to expire.
The lieutenant is expected to graduate from the grueling Infantry Officer Course on Monday.
Over the past few months, there have been several indicators that the American economy may be humming on all cylinders again
Homeland Security declined to identify the 21 states, however.
But most Republicans still want to see the law dismantled.
They say politics is local; I say it\u2019s closer than that.
\The federal government is encouraging and subsidizing people to live in harm's way.\
\u201cThis is Secretary Price, getting outside of D.C., making sure he is connected with the real American people.\
They are exploiting a problem Republicans created, in order to take away coverage from millions.
I arrived in Mexico City the week that a total solar eclipse darkened the skies above my home country. Despite getting soaked
It's just math.
Twitter, Facebook and Snapchat today all operate more as mobile apps than websites, but Gab has been unable to do so because
Someone get this man a spellcheck.
Victimizing these families isn't helping.
It's the third swastika found on campus since the school year started.
\u201cHe doesn\u2019t know the difference between Medicare and Medicaid. He barely knows the difference between Melania and Ivanka.\u201d
The threat marks the latest attack in an escalating verbal war between the two leaders.
ACT for America's founder claims the \Islamic coalition\ is waging war on the U.S.
What will Sens. Susan Collins, Lisa Murkowski and John McCain do?
No wonder nearly 70 percent of all Americans disapprove of Congress.
It was never about fixing Obamacare, it was about deleting it.
We contribute to the local economy, we employ industry professionals and artists and we help drive sales at local service industry businesses.
Sometimes it\u2019s hard to believe that my own country might usher in the collapse of the very environment that nurtured humanity all these millennia.
Funding for children\u2019s medical needs would shrink over the next decade.
Sanders will give a major speech Thursday. Here's a sneak peek.
\u201cWe\u2019ve got politicians who are building their careers on demonizing immigrant groups and foreigners ... in the name of national security.\
The senator made more misleading claims about his Obamacare repeal bill after the comedian bashed him for a second night.
What will Susan Collins, John McCain and Lisa Murkowski do?
It's just as dangerous as the prior attempts to repeal the ACA, and we must do everything we can to stop it.
The peaceful march ends after riot police arrived in buses and armored trucks.
Price Swings Agricultural land is assessed differently than homes and business in all 50 states, based on a formula that
Our options are severely limited, none of them are particularly good, and no amount of bluster is going to change those basic facts.
Trump\u2019s harrying at the UN has impaired America\u2019s reputation.
In Oregon, voters are steadily being added to the rolls because of a pioneering process.
Graham is from an entirely different tradition altogether.
Graham-Cassidy is just as much a wolf as past Republican repeal bills, despite its sheep\u2019s clothing.
Whether you are a Republican, Democrat, Libertarian, or from any other political party or ideology, you probably feel strongly
The president, praising the \great bill,\ claimed it protects coverage of preexisting conditions. It doesn't.
He also defended gay conversion therapy.
Following disasters like Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, where would we be without the emergency relief and long-term rebuilding work provided by nonprofits?
\We are deeply committed to safeguarding user content, regardless of the user\u2019s nationality.\
He also gave a bizarre explanation for his much-maligned comments on the inauguration crowd size.
Urban farmers are breaking ground on the city of the future.
May our country learn a lesson from this tragic mistake of 2016.
Former judge Roy Moore says \God's law\ should trump man's.
The number of minors in the child welfare system rose to 7.2 million in 2015, up from 6.6 million in 2014. By Teresa Wiltz
\u201cIf all we\u2019re doing is filing lawsuits and fighting voter suppression, it\u2019s just going to keep continuing.\
According to the report, the special counsel has also asked for documents on how the White House responded to questions about a June 2016 meeting involving Trump\u2019s son and a Russian lawyer.
\u201cThe police department\u2019s outlook and view is vastly different than it used to be,\ Ferguson's police chief says.
Waste on a plane
Rescue workers are digging now for survivors.
While congressional Republicans take yet another, and apparently last, shot at health care with the new Graham-Cassidy bill
The news is predictably grim today. 1. Trump used re-election campaign funds and RNC money to pay his legal fees for the
To our allies, sorry, but this is our president, for now.
Since mid-2017, Republic Report\u2019s \u201cTrump Terrible 10\u201d has ranked the week\u2019s 10 most disgraceful figures in the Trump administration
During his first speech before the United Nations Tuesday, President Trump proudly offered the world a vision of hope and
There is nothing to prevent these countries from using nuclear weapons in future conflicts, and there is an excellent possibility that they will.
Former Republican Congressman Tom Tancredo is considering a run for governor because he\u2019s \u201cbored\u201d and mad at Republicans
The latest incarnation of Trumpcare, known as \u201cGraham-Cassidy,\u201d is even worse than the previous versions.
WASHINGTON \u2014\u00a0The White House is rejecting Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan\u2019s claim that President Trump said he was
It\u2019s time to heed John McCain\u2019s words and demand Congress set this partisan, destructive bill aside and commit to a bipartisan effort.
Social media content from her husband, President Donald Trump, would be a good place to start.
Lynne DiSanto is a Republican whip in the South Dakota House of Representatives.
Aluminum magnate Oleg Deripaska has close ties to the Kremlin.
Along with a Unitarian church across the street.
The former secretary of state then explained what Trump should have said.
The president's numbers are up since August, although still in the red.
States are helping workers, even as the Trump administration tries to roll back protections.
With a dangerous hurricane slamming into the island, it'll need help from the mainland to recover.
The Graham-Cassidy bill is causing problems for Virginia gubernatorial candidate Ed Gillespie.
A Health and Human Services Department report finds that ads drove 37 percent of new enrollees last year.
We personally care so much about this because we are the children and grandchildren of immigrants.
Speaking to a body created for multilateralism, Trump appeared to be in campaign mode.
At an event for first-year law students at Georgetown University, the Supreme Court justice also predicted that the upcoming term would be \momentous.\
The post-Charlottesville climate has left many Jewish organizations feeling on edge.
But will he?
Pi Pizzeria was targeted when owner Chris Sommers referred to some officers as \dimwits.\
\The only prescription Trump has for unrigging the economy is tax cuts\ that \almost exclusively benefit the people who are doing the rigging.\
Isn't it ironic?
\It is aggravating.\
When Srinivas Kuchibhotla was killed in a hate crime, his wife's immigration status was thrown into question.
A new study details huge spending cuts and likely coverage losses.
Nicaragua, which refused to sign in protest of a weak global climate agreement, says it\u2019s now joining.
As the first year of the Trump administration approaches its end, the need for good investigative research about the sprawling
He'll be campaigning for Doug Jones, the Democratic candidate in the special election.
\Legislation should receive consideration under regular order, including hearings in\nhealth committees and input from the appropriate health-related parties,\ reads the letter.
Trump would be the first U.S. president in the modern campaign finance era to use such funds to cover the costs of responding to a criminal probe.
Penney Gitonga and her 3-year-old daughter, Aria, are stranded in Tortola, a British Virgin Island. Penney and Aria are both
Without the Alaska senator, the clock may run out on their latest bill.
Sitting shiva with the former secretary of state as she begins her \What Happened\ book tour.
Democrat Ralph Northam is trying to brand Republican Ed Gillespie a \Washington, D.C., corporate lobbyist.\
Investigators gathered information about Russia and the campaign, according to CNN.
For some reason, I\u2019m not sure exactly why, progressive movements for social change in America seem to spark the writing and
They called for legislation granting legal status to young undocumented immigrants who came to the U.S. as children.
The push fits both Trump\u2019s support for the gun lobby espoused on the campaign trail and his \u201cBuy American\u201d agenda.
Streaming services triumphed.
Treasury Secretary Mnuchin has been meeting with GOP leaders to come up with a plan both the White House and congressional Republicans can get behind.
Trump\u2019s speech will mark his latest attempt to lay out his \u201cAmerica First\u201d vision for a U.S. foreign policy.
The Breitbart News headline Tuesday screams \u201cTrump Vindicated!\u201d It follows the news this week that the president\u2019s former
Yellen is likely to be good for the economy.
This column was originally published by Truthdig.com In a televised interview with the McClatchy News Service on June 25
We must keep examining the crucial question of why Trump ever even had a chance.
Nearly all presidents promise to address key issues. The problem is, the issues Trump promised to address aren\u2019t real.
It may have been immoral for teens to stand by and watch a Florida man drown. But it wasn\u2019t illegal, and not everyone thinks
Days ago, Scott Pruitt called it \insensitive\ to talk about climate change in the midst of a hurricane. A Category 5 storm in the Caribbean didn't stop him Tuesday.
Here's what they're not telling you, or their colleagues, about the bill.
The city is beginning to see a true renaissance for the first time in a generation.
The American Military's Repetition-Compulsion Complex
HuffPost spoke with demonstrators who took to the streets for the fourth night.
A Wisconsin law gives Foxconn preferential access to the state's business-friendly Supreme Court.
Academics should not be blind to the political context in which we operate.
California's governor doesn't mince words.
Some condemned Trump's remarks as \dangerous.\ Others praised the speech for being \strong.\
After Michael Cohen released that statement publicly, the Intelligence Committee canceled the Tuesday hearing.
The incumbent senator is finding it hard to dispense with controversial judge Roy Moore.
The Kansas secretary of state and vice chair of Trump's voter fraud commission said using his government account would be a \u201cwaste of state resources.\u201d
She said she's open to it if Russia's interference is deeper than is now known.
The FBI is investigating Trump's former campaign manager.
Two of President Trump\u2019s lawyers were overheard by a New York Times reporter \u201cloudly discussing\u201d the Russia investigation
By Thomas Kennedy In the midst of the tragedy that befell the people of Texas during Hurricane Harvey, I wrote an article
More than a month ago, Trump announced he was \drawing documents now\ to tackle \a serious problem, the likes of which we have never had.\
Legal experts have said court challenges to Trump\u2019s decision could face an uphill battle.
The decarbonization of the real U.S. economy \u2013 as opposed to the cardboard, fossil fuel-handicapped White House version \u2013 continues.
A U.K. media watchdog has ruled on the inaccuracy of a story published by the Daily Mail and promoted by the GOP congressman from Texas.
Clinton\u2019s thesis, reduced to its barest essence, seems to be that mistakes were made -- by everyone but candidate Clinton.
As international leaders gathered in New York for this week\u2019s meeting of the United Nations General Assembly, they got another
A new study offers clear proof that states must do more to protect women.
Democratic leaders in Congress have agreed to support border security measures in exchange for protections for young undocumented immigrants.
This sets the stage for a battle over government spending levels later this year.
Militarizing homeland security in the climate-change era.
I\u2019m sorry, but I have a big problem with the Emmys allowing Sean Spicer to use his role as chief peddler of chaos, discord
The Trump administration has made no secret of its disdain for strict prohibitions on sexual assault and harassment.
The U.N. Working Group on Arbitrary Detention called on Iran to release Siamak and Baquer Namazi.
To reach a meeting of the minds with them on DACA was to turn his back on the anti-immigrant essence of Trumpism.
The conventional wisdom in presidential campaigns is that you play to the base to win the nomination and pivot to the center
The U.S. economy is working better for average Americans than it has for quite some time. That healthier economy is chugging
Rep. Chris Collins (R-N.Y.) laughed off the president's latest use of Twitter, saying Trump supporters \enjoy\ it.
Let's be clear.
The Arizona senator voted against the last Obamacare repeal attempt, and he's being closely watched this time.
Last week, on the Senate floor, Senator Rand Paul [R-KY] called out U.S. participation in the Saudi war in Yemen. Senator
The controversial former judge is surging in the race for Alabama's Senate GOP nomination.
We've seen this movie before -- but it might end differently this time.
By Sophie Quinton \u00a0 BOULDER, Colo. \u2014 On a recent morning that was chilly with the first nip of fall, Brenda Lee went looking
Conservatives rage that ESPN should have suspended or fired Hill; its statement (\u201cWe have addressed this with Jemele and
He previously said he had \no regrets\ about his time working for Trump.
A scenario that becomes more likely by the day.
\u201cThere is a sense that something has gone amiss with American democracy, that there is this effort to rig the rules of the game.\
The demonstration has been peaceful, police say.
Most people around the world \u2015 including U.S. \u2015 are not zealous nationalists.
Ethics advocates were predictably aghast.
As a recent Southern transplant, the glut of patriotic Confederate memorabilia was off-putting.
\u201cThe president said he is open to finding those conditions where we can remain engaged with others on what we all agree is still a challenging issue.\u201d
Steve Bannon is supporting Strange's opponent, Roy Moore, in the Senate race.
Several other GOP senators have already come out against Trump's proposal.
A bill nobody took seriously suddenly sounds serious.
The Trump administration denied a European official's claims suggesting a potential change in U.S. policy.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) also affirmed that the Senate Judiciary Committee is prepared to subpoena former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort \if he refuses to come before the committee.\
Clinton also faced a significant number of misogynistic attacks from Trump supporters during the campaign.
The president faces a major test this week
New data obtained by HuffPost shows hate crimes rose nationally in 2016. The numbers for 2017 aren't looking great either.
Officers too often appear to engage in ultra-violent behavior, because they can.
Trump has found that people like \u201cthe art of the deal\u201d when it resolves political gridlock.
\u201cWe will not stand by and let the federal government use our state and local agencies to separate mothers from their children.\u201d
While the violent authoritarianism of Egypt's president has complicated relations with Western allies, President Trump has developed a close bond with him.
Deals made with this president don\u2019t last one tweet-cycle.
Creston, Iowa looks a lot like many small towns in the Midwest. With a population of 7800 it is a pretty average-sized Iowa
Make America Whoop Whoop Again!
A bipartisan group of governors fears that getting rid of the mandate now might convince even more young and healthy people
As wildfire costs have risen in the past decade, the wildfire budget eats up a growing share.
The House minority leader reportedly told the men at the table to zip it during her dinner with Trump.
The Vermont senator ripped the president shortly after Trump attacked him on Twitter.
Multiple people were injured.
It\u2019s a little early to be checking \u201cdone\u201d on the last big task of the Assembly\u2019s to do list, but we\u2019ve taken a major step
In the aftermath of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, Americans have an initial estimate of the damage. However, we have yet to
Because of course he did.
Texas schools can now create food pantries on campus where they can store donated food as well as surplus food from the cafeteria.
The tolerance of powerful white men only goes so far.
The call exposed a fissure within the American Jewish community on how to approach relations with the White House.
When Senator Franken is criticized for not returning a blue slip on Minnesota Supreme Court Justice David Stras, remember Justice Lisabeth Hughes.
They aim to make the constitutional right to vote a privilege.
Perhaps Mr. Vestal should have looked at the billboard itself before writing his piece, since it prominently contains the words \u201cPaid for by Fight for the Future.\u201d
\I now think that designating Chelsea Manning as a Visiting Fellow was a mistake.\
Former Trump campaign aide Corey Lewandowski is also on the schedule.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders has also attacked Jemele Hill.
The Post's union thinks so.
Ranking the week\u2019s 10 most disgraceful figures in the Trump administration.
\Floyd Mayweather remains a garbage fire.\
He's quickly issued strong statements on other violent incidents, but didn't want to make a \quick statement\ on Charlottesville.
New polling suggests the president's opinion could sway some, but not all, of his base on the issue.
Senator Bernie Sanders unveiled his single-payer \u201cMedicare For All\u201d plan today, and so far he\u2019s already got 15 Democratic
Trump scrapping key protections suggests those most in need are in the president's blindspot.
We do not need President Trump to tell us that he can make America great again. America is already great. The problem is
In an attempt to further justify his economic agenda (one of which is entirely centered around the wildly misguided idea
Bernie Sanders unveiled his Medicare for All bill this week, and 16 Democratic senators signed on as cosponsors. The last
Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com In 1985, at age 41, I visited Disney World for the first time. I remember the experience
The Trump administration's rescission of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) has been met with widespread resistance
Nothing like a Thursday morning tweetstorm.
A California progressive group is sending money to grassroots organizations rather than Democratic Party organs.
HuffPost interviewed the Vermont senator about his new single-payer health care legislation.
Let\u2019s talk about all the things that she\u2019s undeniably right about.
It's the first time the chamber has censured someone.
Regardless of how one might feel about the death penalty, no one should be more or less culpable because of the color of their skin.
Deal or no deal, many GOP lawmakers say they support the president.
As a physician, I know what Medicare For All would mean for my patients.
The GOP leader is making it known he doesn't like a Senate rule that lets the minority party stop judicial nominees.
On burning books but not ideas.
Franken has taken blistering heat from the right, which is howling that he has \u201cabused\u201d the blue slip tradition.
Shannon O'Brien discusses the sexism she faced in her run for governor of Massachusetts
An Air Force jet could have reportedly cost taxpayers $25,000 per hour to operate.
The chain apologizes after Phoenix motel staffers admitted they sent reports to immigration agents.
\u201cWe\u2019ve had bigger storms than this,\u201d the president told reporters Thursday, walking backing earlier assessments of Harvey and Irma.
We cannot continue to allow this to happen.
January. The outskirts of Philadelphia. 23 degrees. It\u2019s hard to imagine anyone buying Rita\u2019s Italian ice. But Argosy did
Last week, Democratic leaders in Congress negotiated with President Trump to ensure that our government stays fully funded
by Geoff West President Donald Trump nominated Trey Trainor, an Austin-based attorney with\u00a0close ties to the Trump administration
\u201cWe had a very productive meeting at the White House with the president,\ Schumer and Pelosi say.
Are we ready to do something different?
Billy Wilson was released without charges. But he says he's taking the Confederate flag off his Chevy.
\It\u2019s not going to happen. To those critics, shy of turning my father into a liberal, I\u2019d be a failure to them,\ she said.
Jemele Hill, the ESPN host of SportsCenter\u2019s \u201cThe Six,\u201d sparked controversy earlier this week when she called Donald Trump
\No deal was made last night,\ he said.
And unsurprisingly, it seems like a scam.
Amid a \Trump slump,\ the firearms industry seeks laxer rules on suppressor sales.
\Trump just screwed his base.\
Aware of the legal crisis Harvey has left in its wake, lawyers in Texas have joined the ranks of first responders.
Introducing \Berniecare.\
Arkansas, I am listening.
Things do not look good for former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn. His once-profitable consulting enterprise has
\u201cIt could be a part of a bigger picture. It could be meaningless,\u201d one GOP congressman says.
Priceless lessons learned while floating Little Rock's Fourche Creek.
Hoping to combat the high cost of incarceration and break the cycle of children following their parents to prison, some cities
He was also concerned the White House would pick \mainstream Republicans.\
Trump can thank his predecessor, his predecessor\u2019s pick to run the disaster agency, and the \deep state.\
We break down the major headlines on the multiple probes into whether President Donald Trump\u2019s campaign colluded with Russia.
Like the Senate even cares.
Mitch McConnell \unwittingly\ helped Democrats gain leverage and win over Trump, says the House minority leader.
\It\u2019s politics finally catching up to where culture has been,\u201d says NARAL's Ilyse Hogue.
Former Gov. Steve Beshear made it work, spectacularly, in Kentucky.
In August, a federal court struck down two GOP-drawn congressional districts saying they were discriminatory.
But we're often seen as inconsequential.
Jamie Dimon says the resignations after Charlottesville shouldn't alter the business community's core relationship with Trump.
This was the chamber's first vote in 15 years on the executive branch's war-making powers.
During the recent Democratic mayoral primary debate, Mayor de Blasio made light of questions around his personal marijuana
Demand that your government faces the facts.
\u201cThe difference is that now I\u2019ve already felt what contributing to America feels like.\u201d
\Preventing gun violence is an overwhelming, but attainable goal.\
\Was 'The Scaramucci Picayune' already taken?\
The former secretary of state says the president's daughter \should be judged and held accountable.\
The ruling affects as many as 24,000 refugees seeking to enter the U.S.
\u2033I think that\u2019s one of the more outrageous comments that anyone could make,\ press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said.
New signs a wave may be building.
A judge turned down a motion to bar photographers from the proceedings.
Have we learned that force must only be a last resort? That without wise leadership and planning, we cause more destruction
1. Call your representatives. You can find who you\u2019re representatives are at https://whoismyrepresentative.com/ If you want
The debate will move from abstract to concrete, if Bernie\u2019s bill provides the proper level of detail.
Sept. 11, 2001 will always stand out as a tremendously somber day to those who lived through it. I was in New York City that
Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com After 19 al-Qaeda militants armed only with box-cutters and knives hijacked four American
One response to a civil war is to try to be on both sides of it.
But despite the Senate majority leader's spin, the GOP hand appears weak.
\u201cCausality is something outside of my ability to analyze right now,\u201d Homeland Security advisor Tom Bossert said.
Trump firmly believes (it is difficult to complete a sentence that starts with these words) in the value of bluffing. He
So much for party unity in a time of peril.
Ed Murray maintained that the reports of abuse \are not true\ after the latest allegation from his cousin.
And more of the latest polling news.
Those wishing she'd disappear post-election are ignoring her popularity.
\u201cIt\u2019s not surprising. Police officers still continue to get a free pass to killing black people,\u201d said one activist.
By Suzannah Scanlon and Donald S. Shepard President Trump has threatened that if he doesn\u2019t receive funding for the \u201cbig
Donald Trump\u2019s Iranian policy is geopolitically illiterate. Though he decries Iranian aggression, he has no strategy to counteract
National security is a bipartisan issue of the utmost importance.
Pay attention to the proposal. Pay more attention to what he says about it.
\Now that he's been fired, no one is really going to care about anything else Steve Bannon has to say.\
She's been serving as interim director since Anthony Scaramucci was fired from the job in July.
\u201cJust as a lynching would rob you of your life, taking away your right to vote robs you of your citizenship slowly and methodically.\
Tom Frieden also hopes to increase global epidemic preparedness.
\ud83c\udf55\ud83c\udf55\ud83c\udf55
Reporters think most Americans believe in the \nation of immigrants\ ideal. But that's exactly what Trump & Co. want to change.
A dark moment in American history offers lessons for the present.
A Senator also pointed out Asians may not apply for DACA due to Japanese-American prison camp history.
\u201cWe think it\u2019s just another very small step, not a big deal.\
Out everywhere and winning nowhere.
\With the anti-marijuana rhetoric coming from the Trump administration\u2019s Department of Justice, you do have to wonder what the true motivation is here.\u201d
U.C. Berkeley is investigating the incident, in which an officer tickets the man for operating without a license.
The biggest winner in the Democrats' debt-ceiling deal could end up being the GOP speaker.
One that could \allow more aggressive U.S. responses.\
As the Trump administration signals closer scrutiny of marijuana in states that have legalized it, three Western states are
The White House legislative director said Trump will reveal his tax returns after an IRS audit is finished.
Organized labor is finding creative ways to protect immigrant members and families vulnerable in the Trump era.
Which has weakened to a Category 1 storm.
Did the president finally pivot last week?
When it comes to talking about undocumented immigrants, our two most recent presidents could not be more different.
There\u2019s been some speculation that the U.S. president is using DACA as a bargaining chip.
My Abuelito\u2019s citizenship papers document the extraordinary way he became an American.
If the president was ever serious about big infrastructure spending, now's the time.
Hurricanes have been dominating the news lately, and few events test the strength of denial as frontally as disasters.
And some conservatives are telling Republicans to back off.
If we are to maintain the way of life we enjoy while maintaining a safe and healthy environment, we need to require more careful management of toxic substances.
The Department of Justice appealed part of a federal court decision ruling against the ban, ahead of the Supreme Court taking up the broader issue next month.
\u201cA good pro-lifer understands that family is the cradle of life,\ the pope said when asked about Trump's DACA decision.
Hillary was seen as a tribune of the establishment and could not convince voters she would be a change agent.
Fionda said his last straw with Sputnik came on Oct. 19, 2015, after excerpts of private emails from then-CIA Director John
A spokesman for Hatch said \he plans to make a final decision by the end of the year.\u201d
Today we must also remember how our leaders exploited 911 for political ends.
Opponents say utility-built charging stations make all consumers pay for a service only a few relatively affluent people
Flight attendant Betty heroically notified the American Airlines ground crew of the hijacking situation on board.
If these would-be doctors lose their work permits and deportation protections, underserved communities could lose out, too.
NBC correspondent Kerry Sanders participated in two on-air dolphin rescues while in Florida to cover Hurricane Irma, recently
Brian Kilmeade offers a perfect example of false equivalency.
It\u2019s September 11th, take a moment to reflect. 1. Texas renters are being hit with rent for apartments they cannot reach
More than 200,000 Dreamers live in the state.
The company seemed to be using its massive security failure as a marketing opportunity.
\If James Comey had not been fired, we would not have a special counsel.\
FDR would be shocked that universal health care as a right hadn\u2019t become the law of the land decades ago!
Cross-posted from\u00a0TomDispatch.com In the early 1950s, my father ran a gas station on Governors Island, a military base in
\u201cHe\u2019s offered every resource there is of the federal government.\
\u201cI\u2019m facing a challenge, but I\u2019ve faced other challenges, and I\u2019m very confident about getting through this one as well.\
Her support of single-payer health care will serve her well with the more progressive wing of the party.
\I am done with being a candidate. But I am not done with politics because I literally believe that our country's future is at stake.\
If, through our votes, we elect people who will enact Social Security expansion, we will all have a more secure future.
Now is precisely the time for a national commitment, when the winds are blowing and fires are burning.
Clinton gave her first major TV interview since the 2016 presidential race, ahead of the release of her new book reflecting on her election defeat.
DACA recipients are seeing their humanity and status as Americans questioned in an effort to gain a political advantage.
People should not be reduced to pawns used by officials hoping to garner political concessions.
The undocumented victims killed in the September 11th attacks were some of our own and will not be forgotten.
Activists insist the party can drag out the process.
Being in a serene space put the noise of our society in perspective.
By Pedro Noguera, Distinguished Professor of Education at the Graduate School of Education and Information Studies at UCLA
Nothing about DeVos\u2019 decision interferes with the power of federal civil courts in this country from enforcing Title IX and the federal regulations implementing it.
\It\u2019s clear to me that there is an agenda to deprive people of the right to vote and that is wrong.\u201d
As Hurricane Irma forces millions to evacuate, Mayor Tom\u00e1s Regalado says
Donald Trump's Florida estate is among the flood-prone properties covered by the controversial program.
The former president drops by to tell D.C. students, \I do believe that most of the problems we have are going to be solved by you.\u201d
By Elaine S. Povich Part of an occasional series of stories on how states are overhauling tax codes to adapt to a new economy
Being \great\ means honoring our national promises.
Trump is expected to promptly sign the measure into law.
I don't deserve citizenship more than someone who's lived here for 20 years.
The storm has already killed 14 people.
Buckle up.
They said he risks \tarnishing\ his legacy.
Trusted officials and pundits cannot be allowed to misrepresent our nation's dark, discriminatory past.
The growing Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement is still taboo for Democrats.
It was a bad deal for Republicans. Most of them voted for it anyway.
History tells us presidents with maniacal intentions will plot to wield their power against domestic opponents.
\u201cConcealed Carry Reciprocity\u201d has long been the dream of NRA lobbyists.
\This one's scaring the hell out of me,\ Natalie Geisman, 92, said.
It\u2019s ironic that the verdict to end DACA resides in the hands of descendants of refugees who stole indigenous land.
Canada is demanding that the new NAFTA includes a ban on so-called \right-to-work\ laws.
The New Jersey governor's response to the lewd Access Hollywood tape leak precluded him from a cabinet position, the former chief strategist said.
The social media network can't help but spread political falsehoods.
The committee's vice chair declares there is \proof\ voter fraud could have swung election outcomes in New Hampshire.
Max Baucus' comments show how far the debate has shifted.
With the National Flood Insurance Program \u2014 now almost $25 billion in debt \u2014 set to expire on Sept. 30, lawmakers look to buy more time.
Mae Beavers is hoping to generate fervor by promoting divisive, oppressive falsehoods.
\When you have an entire class of 800,000 people who feel entitled to be here despite the law, you are creating the very trouble we are in now.\u201d
Her former campaign rival fires back at accusations in Clinton's book.
Planning a crime and failing to successfully pull it off can still be a crime.
The fine print in its \free\ service for hack victims indicates they'll have to pay later.
Bill Clinton, Barack Obama, George  H.W. Bush, George W. Bush and Jimmy Carter come together for the One America Appeal.
Congress has returned to Washington after a monthlong vacation, and they\u2019ve got their work cut out for them in September
The one thing you can trust about Trump\u2019s words is their propensity to change.
Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com In some closet, I still have toy soldiers from my 1950s childhood.\u00a0 They played a crucial
Killing at least 9.
For someone who\u2019s made a fortune off the labor of low-paid foreign-born workers, President Donald Trump should be the last
Unprecedented violent storms are attacking our shores. North Korea\u2019s got nukes. Russia hacked our election. And malevolent
Don\u2019t put your money on a stand-alone Dreamer bill.
For Democrats, including progressives, Israel is the one issue on which no deviation from a lobby\u2019s line is permitted.
He tweeted that they \have nothing to worry about\ for the next six months.
Sessions claimed that rescinding DACA was essential to forestall a looming legal challenge.
Why the time is now to finally make health care a right and not a privilege.
Democrats and Republicans agree to lift a restriction on who can sign on.
\Trump is doing exactly what he said he would do,\ said one conservative leader.
\u201cIf you\u2019re getting paid by somebody to write about your official duties, that seems to me a clear problem,\ an ethics expert says.
Alicia Powe wrote in a recent article at the right-wing fringe \u201cnews\u201d operation WorldNetDaily
Just over a quarter think Congress shouldn't act to protect undocumented immigrants brought to the U.S. as children.
The president's son first claimed the meeting was primarily focused on an adoption program.
Simpler to imagine than to pass, but the bipartisan Senate hearing is a start.
The company believes the election ads were bought by Russians.
Bannon, former chief strategist to President Donald Trump, gave his first major interview since being ousted from the White House.
Trump handed him a gift, but the Democrats' workaholic-in-chief had earned it.
They wanted to serve the country they call home, but the president might not let them.
All reasonable Americans agree that we need a rational, equitable, and enforceable immigration system. But in 1965 we replaced
Deals are Donald Trump's art form, unless it's a bad deal, in which case Paul Ryan is to blame.
This delicate legal situation is once again due almost entirely to unnecessary and unforced errors on the part of the Trump family.
Fans point and say he\u2019s a dealmaker. Critics
The decision is the latest setback for the president's controversial executive order.
\We should let the legal process play out.\
What exactly did the soldiers killed under my command die for?
Underage drinkers are going online to buy high-tech phony IDs, and some state alcohol enforcement agencies are using apps
This week on So That Happened:\u00a0President Trump struck a surprising deal with congressional Democrats to fund the government
The Justice Department said artists can\u2019t be compelled to create against their religious beliefs.
Red to Blue California PAC, which aims to flip seven GOP-held districts won by Hillary Clinton in 2016, has enlisted Democratic former Rep. Mike Honda to help.
\u201cWhat happens to a dream deferred?\u201d - Langston Hughes We are dismayed by the the proposed termination of the Deferred Action
The American dream will lose all credibility if we deny it to those who worked so hard to achieve it.
Obstructionism has become the new normal. Ordinary Americans disdain their own representatives, and elected officials distrust their own colleagues.
The Category 5 storm has already made landfall.
For years, New York City cops have dished out criminal summonses with such reckless abandon that local judges dismissed them
The Supreme Court must side with the American people, not partisan operatives.
We cannot allow Donald Trump\u2019s anti-immigrant, anti-family and pro-hate forces to destroy the moral fabric of this country.
Thirty-three states have laws that can be used to prosecute people living with HIV. Some states are looking to either repeal
Eric Dreiband has drawn fierce opposition from civil rights organizations.
Bernie Sanders says he isn\u2019t interested in discussing\u00a0Hillary Clinton blaming him\u00a0for her election loss to Donald Trump in
They don\u2019t deserve to have their health and safety endangered.
After two years of deliberation, the Episcopal hub has decided to take down representations of Gens. Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson.
Businesses and individuals in the U.S. have a lower tax burden than they would in other countries.
Yet again, Trump's own words could come back to haunt him in court.
Betsy DeVos, whose interest in education prior to the Trump administration seemed mostly focused on K-12 schools, has made
In America\u2019s wars, failure is the new success.
There's no evidence to suggest \safe storage\ is an effective gun violence prevention strategy.
The lawsuit argues that terminating the program violates due process and is discriminatory.
A lower court has ruled the law is intentionally discriminatory.
The president caved to Democrats. Republicans are going along with it anyway.
The economic adviser appears to have fallen out of favor with Trump since criticizing the president's Charlottesville responses.
Professor Amy Coney Barrett also wrote that judges should not have to abide by precedent.
Gentlemen, It\u2019s one of the oldest stories we know. Mankind receives warning of an unprecedented disaster that\u2019s about to
Top priorities are cutting the corporate tax rate, other business taxes and taxes that affect mainly the rich.
The news is here to stay. 1. An appeals court in Texas is allowing a controversial voter ID law to be enforced in November
The president will donate to the American Red Cross, the Salvation Army and other relief organizations.
Critics say the Texas law was tailored to make it harder for minorities and immigrants to vote.
In her soon-to-be-released 2016 election memoir, Hillary Clinton takes on her numerous enemies and opponents \u2014 and supporters
Iran and the five permanent members of the UN Security Council plus Germany signed the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action
North Dakota Sen. Heidi Heitkamp joined the president at an event in her home state.
This would be a tragedy of incalculable consequences -- economic, political and moral.
\u201cThere was no preparation and no warning,\u201d Annette Taddeo says on \Candidate Confessional.\
From Los Angeles to New York, thousands took to the streets on Tuesday to #DefendDACA.
The country\u2019s undocumented youth made a leap of faith when they trusted the federal government with personal information that could now be used against them.
The latest news out of the Trump Administration this week is that they will be canceling DACA, the program that keeps young
It is disturbingly clear that the president is appealing to his base of anti-immigrant supporters.
\u201cAlways remember, others may hate you, but those who hate you don\u2019t win unless you hate them, and then you destroy yourself
Today Sessions has announced that Trump has decided to end DACA, also knows as the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals
But Trump will make someone else face the cameras.
Regardless of one\u2019s political views, it is in everyone\u2019s interest for both the Republican and Democratic parties to work hand-in-hand.
Some are already calling it \u201cTrump\u2019s amnesty.\u201d
David Zatezalo sees no conflict in running the Mine Safety and Health Administration as an erstwhile coal executive.
By James M. Dorsey Pakistan, already furious and reeling from US President Donald J. Trump\u2019s threat to sanction it for supporting
Trump turns DACA dreams into nightmares.
Microsoft pledged to pay the legal fees of any Dreamer employee who faces deportation.
The president was the one who chose to end DACA protections for young undocumented immigrants.
\u201cDACA literally changed my life. I really don\u2019t know where I would be without it.\u201d
\u201cWe will fight for a new -- and maybe even better -- solution. We\u2019ve done it before.\u201d
\u201cIt is cruel and un-American to ruin the lives of young people who stepped forward in good faith to participate in a program that has proven to be successful.\
Abandoning these immigrants would fail a moral test
Sahar Speaks brings new voices to world that needs to hear them.
\President Trump's action today is an affront to who we are as Americans,\ says Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.).
Stateline home page Sign up for exclusive state policy reporting and research Officials and advocates in cities like Denver
Hope you had a nice long weekend, this is the news. 1. President Trump has announced he\u2019s ending DACA \u2013 a program that had
The program, by any measure, has been a success; getting rid of it is about revenge and regression.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions, a vocal opponent of the Obama-era program, will do the job instead on Tuesday. And he won't be taking questions.
Deep in the heart of the U.S. Capitol is a collection of portraits. The gold trimmed frames adorn a cream covered wall in
\It\u2019s clear that I was the one who was truly out of touch,\ the actress and wife of Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said of her Aug. 21 post.
Young people who have protections will soon be at risk of deportation. They need Republicans to step in.
DACA was just one battle in the website's fight for control of the Republican Party.
The Republican breaks with his main supporter, Mitch McConnell, on the rule.
\This is about whether we are a people who kick hopeful young strivers out of America, or whether we treat them the way we\u2019d want our own kids to be treated.\
The first daughter and her husband have previously indicated that they support extended DACA protections.
\u201cAmericans do not like gerrymandering. They see its mischief, and absent a legal remedy, their sense of powerlessness and discouragement has increased.\
It was almost too much to bear.
Since today is Labor Day, I thought it was time to point out something that seems incredibly obvious to me. If you listen
Unions have moved our country forward for generations.
I have been asked by many people over the last few days what I thought were the risks of nuclear war on the Korean Peninsula
Trump has caved, fulfilling a central campaign promise to his white-nationalist base.
Young immigrants reminded the president of their role in the nation's success.
Ending this program would be not just a seriously misguided decision, but an immoral one.
The move could imperil action on funding the government and raising the debt ceiling.
The GOP has spent the year waging war on working Americans.
Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen called on Congress to protect Dreamers.
America becomes 'Amerikkka.'
Trump had no intention of delivering for American workers, except at the level of rhetoric. His actual policies are viciously anti-labor.
Trump could still reverse his decision. Congress could step in. Either way, the futures of 800,000 are filled with uncertainty.
If executed, it would strike a huge blow to the global economy.
They're in a bind.
Meet the man who\u2019s leading the charge against DACA. No, I don\u2019t mean President Donald Trump. I mean Ken Paxton, the Texas
\u201cWithout raising the debt limit I\u2019m not comfortable that we\u2019d get the money we\u2019d need this month to Texas to rebuild.\
If this program lapses, lives for these young immigrants would end as they know it, and their futures would be extremely bleak.
And how he may have set it up for failure, according to the man who used to run the program.
Morgan makes the ridiculous false equivalent that terrorists using cars as a weapon are the same as this plague of gun violence.
The company the nominee used to run was cited for dangerous practices numerous times.
The problem is the always thorny matter of trying to prove intent.
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis warns of a \massive military response\ if North Korea attacks the U.S. or its allies.
\Congratulations on a remarkable run.\
The president said he saw \a lot of happiness\ in a Houston shelter.
Denying the reality of climate change is resulting in foreseeable, avoidable tragedy.
Recovery activists offer hope and a plan to end the drug epidemic. It\u2019s time for the White House to come to the table.
\u201cBoth FBI and NSD confirm that they have no records related to wiretaps as described by the March 4, 2017 tweets.\
The president is a fearful, deeply insecure person seeking to insulate himself through crude acts of power.
The virtually non-existent state environmental regulations have made the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey far worse than it would be otherwise.
Dozens are walking from Charlottesville, Virginia, to D.C. to fight for racial justice.
The president praised the Coast Guard for \u201cgoing into winds that the media would not go into...unless it\u2019s a really good story.\u201d
How Clinton administration secretary views dangers throughout the world.
Other fund requests are expected after damages are assessed.
In cities like Seattle and New York, workers have won wage increases and other gains that have given millions of Americans a pathway to a better life.
As the nation focuses on the plight of our fellow citizens in Texas devastated by Hurricane Harvey, now is also an important
As a child of the labor movement in New York City, Labor Day holds special meaning for me. I grew up walking picket lines
By Petra Falcon Last Tuesday, I stood in the crowd and watched Trump deliver a campaign speech full of finger-pointing, race
Keeping track of important policy developments with Donald J. Trump as president is difficult and yet vital. There is so
About 37 children die of heat stroke in cars every year. New laws ensure that bystanders who break car windows to rescue
And a look at the rising death toll.
Even though Donald Trump often appears to be out of control, he's executing a disciplined political strategy to tighten his grip on the Republican base.
The Afghanistan war now belongs to President Donald Trump. His \u201cpath forward\u201d with more troops and fighting will take America
Charlottesville, Houston, the Border Wall, Human Rights, Women\u2019s Clinics, Poverty, Wealth, Education, Illiteracy, Homelessness
This week's definitive listing of the worst from the White House.
The inability of supposed Republican standard-bearers to rein in Trump's bigoted rhetoric shows they are relinquishing power over the party.
For millions of Americans struggling to make ends meet, there is great urgency in reversing the trends that have left them
\To place him next to the brave men and women the department has honored in the past is the height of hypocrisy and an affront to this country\u2019s working people.\
We stand at levels of income and wealth disparity not seen since the 1920s.
Rivals say a Google-funded think tank's dismissal of Google critics sends an intimidating message.
Someday the 2016 election will be over.
Last week, Trump threatened to block government funding legislation if Congress didn't approve border wall funding.
He also called for Congress to pass a bill allowing young undocumented immigrants to gain legal status.
Trump shared the Amazon link during a weekend of Hurricane Harvey-related tweets.
The Arkema factory disaster shows what's at risk with President Donald Trump's industrial agenda.
August 31st marks International Overdose Awareness Day, a day to commemorate those whose lives were cut short by drug overdoses
This Labor Day, workers from across the country will be volunteering. And they\u2019ll continue donating their services for months.
Houston is currently dealing with the catastrophic effects from Hurricane Harvey. The statistics regarding the storm are
William C. Bradford quit days after CNN accused him of calling Obama \u201cthe son of a fourth-rate p&*n actress\ on social media.
The attorney general mischaracterized Obama-era restrictions while citing a study that actually says new computers reduce crime more than heavy weapons do.
by Robert Maguire Yesterday, NBC News reported that notes written by Trump\u2019s then-campaign manager Paul Manafort during a
A populist primary opponent put pressure on Ed Gillespie to shift further right.
And more of the latest polling news.
\Wouldn't be authentic Spicer without that typo.\
From hugging disaster victims to speaking out for human rights, Trump is outsourcing much of his job.
This week on So That Happened:\u00a0president Donald Trump read what he pretended was an excerpt of his own speech in order to
\People are sick and tired of it!\
This week on So That Happened:\u00a0in the wake of one of the worst storms in US history, Huffpost national reporter Roque Planas
It is time for the Trump administration to fulfill our national promise to Dreamers and guarantee their safety within our borders.
Desiree Fairooz's brief chuckle during the attorney general's confirmation hearing in January has turned into a nine-month ordeal, and it's not over yet.
Real freedom is about more than making a living.
Professors and students highlighting our differences do so to ensure we don't repeat the mistakes of the past.
Through the exposure of Trump and the GOP's amorality, liberals stand to attract far more allies than they will repel.
In the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey, we need to tell the truth
About 11,000 U.S. troops are already serving in Afghanistan.
The taxes are aimed at sugary sodas, but in some places they also cover sugarless diet sodas, iced coffee and even water
The move escalates a diplomatic tit-for-tat between the two countries.
We have been enslaved into the social trends our ancestors avoided.
Liberals must develop a more effective means of engaging their staunchest critics.
Allowing even seemingly benign acts of bigotry and ignorance to go unchecked is corrosive to the nation.
The FCC is preparing to destroy net neutrality and, in so doing, forever change the free flow of information.
Plus an aerial look at the devastation.
People have to \u201crealize how much the federal government actually provides to the state.\u201d
An injunction prevents a state law banning so-called sanctuary cities from taking effect.
Barry Lynn and his team of anti-monopoly researchers were fired by a think tank after criticizing the search giant.
Approximately 600, 000 people are covered by the Obama-era rule.
Press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders says the support comes from Trump's \personal money.\
Trump's former campaign chairman, a key figure in the Russia investigation, is being investigated for possible money laundering.
\Rawr!\
Two who were injured bide their time as they wait to return to their studies.
Advertising and promotional budget for HealthCare.gov has been slashed by 90 percent and programs to help people sign up also face a nearly 40 percent cut.
Flood conditions have overwhelmed local authorities in parts of east Texas.
The letter comes one week before a Senate committee starts hearings on the health care law.
\Facts matter,\ Sen. Ted Cruz said, while pushing falsehoods.
September 12th is very special day. Every year, reliably, something big happens on that day. This year is no different. The
Plus
Suddenly it\u2019s possible \u2014 indeed, all too easy \u2014 to imagine one man starting a nuclear war. What\u2019s a little harder to imagine
The revelation was a two-fold win for progressive activists.
\u201cWe\u2019re opening these offices as a direct response to efforts by politicians to make voting harder and their re-election campaigns easier.\
A majority believe the president is \u201ctearing the country apart.\u201d
Everyday people are risking their lives to help each other.
\You're gonna play climatologist tonight?\
Let\u2019s talk about presidential pardons. Even before this debacle with Arpaio, there was a supposed rumor coming out of the
On 9/11, as the World Trade Center collapsed and the Pentagon was in flames, Jo Moore, an adviser to one of British prime
The tragedy underway in Texas should not become a political issue \u2013 not yet, anyway. The focus right now must be on helping
The dismal spectacle we all have witnessed ever since Donald Trump became president has made perfectly clear that he\u2019s got
Some of the reforms carry the names of student-athletes who died while participating in school sports. That was true in North
The pardon sends a clear message to Paul Manafort, Michael Flynn and anyone else whom special counsel Robert Mueller subpoenas to testify in his Russia investigation.
Bay area residents respond to recent outbursts of hate by standing in solidarity with the oppressed.
AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka says the Wall Street wing in the White House has taken control.
Tropical Storm Harvey is revealing the deep chasm between the \haves\ and \have-nots\ in America.
A Justice Department lawyer also apologized to a federal judge for the commission's failure to disclose documents ahead of a meeting.
And a look at Trump's trip to Texas.
Another morning, another blast of Trump remarks via Twitter.
Welcome to the news-dome. 1. The body count from Hurricane Harvey has reached 22, but President Donald Trump has managed
And nobody should be all that concerned.
The president avoided specifics while promising to alleviate what he called the \crushing tax burden\ on American companies.
The BP oil spill was the last major disaster in the Gulf of Mexico. It proved difficult to contain.
President Donald Trump has threatened a government shutdown over funding for the wall, while proposing to cut federal funds for the disaster relief agency.
Brock Long is probably one of the \best prepared\ people in the country for this task, a former FEMA official says.
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has rejected a proposed settlement of the SEC\u2019s lawsuit against two former executives
Early reviews of the government's response to the disaster are generally positive.
The former secretary finally got to meet the pope, after he was denied a spot with the president earlier this year.
Medical professionals say the state\u2019s new lethal injection protocol \u201cdoesn\u2019t make much sense.\u201d
The composition of the Delaney commission would include a majority of members appointed by Republicans who want to cut and even dismantle Social Security.
The New Jersey governor says Cruz exploited the 2013 relief bill for his own political gain.
Google got me and my colleagues kicked out of a prominent Washington think tank. Here's why that matters.
Trump once said he would raise taxes on the rich. Not anymore.
Leadership isn\u2019t about verbally declaring a disaster area, or signing the paperwork and letting the locals sort it out.
The current conflict between the Left and the Right in America has gone from ideological debates over the meaning of a missing
Wow, with Santa Trump on his way to Texas, good news all around! \u00a0Just click on the video below to start the music and then
Ethnic enclaves provide social networks to new immigrants and tourism dollars to cities. But do they prevent residents from
Environmentally conscious policy and economic growth go hand-in-hand.
What happened? That is the question many in Phoenix and certainly those of us nationwide are grappling with in the wake of
Up to 50 inches of rain is expected in some areas.
\And here the commander-in-chief is essentially saying it\u2019s okay to discriminate against this group of people.\
Trump tells them that it\u2019s not the fault of the rich that they sit in the have-not cabin; it\u2019s those damned liberals.
It\u2019s time to stop talking about what we cannot do and start to dream big.
Publications have mixed facts with fear-inspiring language.
\Several of your tweets during the storm ... left us concerned that you're easily distracted from the task at hand.\
\u201cThis was surprising. Because I expect him to be partisan, but I also, in the past, have expected him to be smart,\ Kobach says.
The new strategy that President Trump plans to implement is very risky.
The recently pardoned Arpaio claims he was the victim of a \political witch hunt.\
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) was set up in the wake of the financial crisis to prevent against the sorts
The eclipse gave locals something I haven\u2019t seen in a long time \u2013 if ever \u2013 in my hometown.
It is time for the U.S. to put threats aside.
Trump did not invent this history. Rather, with amoral shrewdness, he perceived that racial animus could propel his rise.
The region continues to endure torrential rain and widespread flooding, complicating recovery and rescue efforts.
The special counsel is focusing on how much the president knew about his son's 2016 meeting, NBC reports.
The report said Jeff Sessions could unveil the plan on Monday.
The news is still Trump filled and dark. 1. Hurricane Harvey claimed five lives in Texas and caused catastrophic flooding
Trump's pardon sets a dangerous precedent.
On Friday, President Donald Trump attempted a trick many previous U.S. presidents have used to good effect, and so far at
Who\u2019s out there fighting for you? When you go to vote, and you have to choose between a Democrat and a Republican, ask yourself
Counting down the week\u2019s 10 most disgraceful figures in the Trump administration.
Susan Lontine did more than just delete the post. She owned the mistake.
Outside financiers are already beginning to wield their influence.
Do you ever find yourself wondering what the story is with those thrilled faces behind Donald Trump at his rallies?
It may be too late to prevent and prepare for Harvey, but we should smartly direct recovery efforts to help communities be much more resilient to future storms.
Discussions about the Moscow project reportedly began in earnest in September 2015.
A Quiet Disease Compounding the problem is a lack of perceived urgency. Hepatitis C doesn\u2019t kill children or adults in
Recent events in Charlottesville mandate the retelling of another, related story.\u00a0 In 1971 Ann Atwater, a black civil rights
Back on Aug. 17, CNN\u2019s Anderson Cooper interviewed Vice News\u2019 Elle Reeve regarding the events in Charlottesville that resulted
Trump, a destroyer of government, is going to Houston to sell government.
DACA has allowed DREAMers, who were brought to this country as children, to be spared from deportation while also allowing them to work and attend college.
Reversing the policy is yet another Trump administration decision based on alternative facts.
(The Knife Media) The ratings for this story were higher than most stories we\u2019ve analyzed on U.S. politics or policy since
Five people have died.
As to his past explanation to the Mexican president that he understood Mexico really wouldn\u2019t pay for it? Never mind.
In a piece for The Atlantic, Biden says Donald Trump's emboldening of white supremacists is a \special challenge.\
Much of the aid needed in the aftermath of a hurricane like Harvey would cost significantly less than the $1.6 billion proposed for wall construction.
Trump also claims it was a popular decision despite criticism from GOP leaders.
They opposed aid for victims of Hurricane Sandy. Now that it's their state in need...
Scientists have repeatedly warned that U.S. cities and states are ill-prepared for large-scale flooding.
And Trump's personal lawyer reportedly asked a top aide to Russian President Vladimir Putin for help.
The Mexican government provided crucial supplies, food and medical aid in previous U.S. disasters.
Brown should come out loud and proud for legislation that continues California\u2019s leadership of the nation.
His signature marks a major victory for voting rights advocates and for efforts to increase voter registration.
The monument was placed on private land and dedicated to \Unknown Alabama Confederate Soldiers.\
But the country has offered help to the U.S. as Tropical Storm Harvey batters Texas, saying that's what \good neighbors\ do.
The president\u2019s courting of disaffected white voters could be painting his party into a demographic corner.
\May have to terminate?\u201d the president wrote.
The White House is \u201ccoordinating logistics with state and local officials.\
Altogether now, will the far left play into Steve Bannon\u2019s hands?
As usual, he's vague on how that would happen.
A rally that had been called off got drowned out, anyway.
I wish the late Abbie Hoffman was around to answer that question; after all, it was the same Yiddish epithet he hurled at
The secretary of state doesn't give a direct answer when asked if he was distancing himself from the president.
Belonging to a union helps working people gain the freedom to prosper.
Shock and awe accompanies a flood.
Three recent reputable post presidential election surveys tell a horrible reality. That is that Bernie Sanders\u2019 backers helped
Trump's 2018 budget blueprint is penny wise and pound foolish.
\Law-enforcement officials have a special responsibility to respect the rights of everyone in the United States.\
Trump brags about the response to the storm, in between other missives and even as massive flooding threatens Texas.
Trump is showing them they have nothing to fear.
And people within his own administration are starting to notice.
This abuse of executive power must stop.
The ACLU documented the incident two weeks ago, and the man has now been arrested in connection with it.
President Trump dumped news of a presidential pardon of racial profiling king\u2014Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio\u2014on a Friday night
I remember traveling the former Soviet Union and Eastern Europe after the fall of Communism. I found it interesting to see
President Trump has sent out a subtle and implicit message to Flynn and Manafort
Americans of conscience must condemn this unpardonable act.
No, white supremacists did not march through the University of Alaska Anchorage (UAA). No, there was no violence on the streets
Walter Shaub called the president's action \vile\ and decried the former Arizona sheriff as a \racist.\
A slew of contentious moves were announced as millions of people were fleeing the Gulf Coast.
McCain said the pardon undermined the president's \claim for the respect of rule of law.\
\This guy is such an awful freaking human being.\
It was a day for MC Hammer, not white supremacists.
President Donald Trump promises to \Make America Great Again,\ but his words are nothing more than an advertising slogan
\u201cHistorically, when this kind of thing has happened, it\u2019s encouraged other people to take up the same tactics.\
\u201cThe pardon was a slap to those who worked through the judicial system to make Arpaio accountable.\
He has long faced questions about his ties to Nazi sympathizers and far-right Hungarian political groups.
Having his security clearance revoked would have made it impossible for Gorka to continue in his White House job.
The self-declared \law and order\ president backs a man who defied a court order.
The Phoenix New Times did not hold back after Trump pardoned the Arizona ex-sheriff.
It\u2019s been 16 years since we started fighting the war in Afghanistan; it has become one of the longest wars the United States
Trump is making things a whole lot easier for the Louise Lintons of the world.
We have all spent a lot of time and energy reacting to Donald Trump, for far too long. We have allowed this man and the \u201calt
Sen. Tammy Duckworth didn't care about the gender identity of the troops who risked their lives to save hers.
Ohio Gov. John Kasich is reportedly plotting a \moderate\ challenge to Trump's presidency. There's only one problem.
A new ruling could mean the minority group has more of a voice.
The move also stops the military from paying for gender reassignment surgeries.
Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) has been critical of the president.
This is the first indication that the special counsel is beginning to compel witness testimony before the grand jury, the report said.
Some states are requiring parents of teens to take a class before their children can get a driver\u2019s license, a move applauded
We're more than half way through season 1 of \Game of Trump\ and each week's episode brings new surprises. The aftermath
Summer is almost over but this dreary news is not. 1. Current and former CIA officials are keeping a close eye on CIA director
The storm could be the first Category 3 hurricane to make U.S. landfall since 2005.
But the disgraced sheriff says if offered, he won't say no.
A new law in Indiana gives officials power to cancel registrations without giving voters a chance to contest their removal.
Flynn resigned in February after revelations that he had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with the Russian ambassador.
Since the lapse of the much derided \u201cVietnam syndrome,\u201d Americans have come to simultaneously expect cost-free intervention
Unless we demolish the racist systems that continue to hold back black Americans, we cannot end the drug epidemic in America.
\u201cWe\u2019re not going to impede anybody getting out of here, but at the same time we\u2019re a law enforcement agency, so we still have to conduct our duties.\
The court said lawmakers intentionally discriminated against minorities.
\The only difference between prison in 2017 and a segregated 1950s is the fact that whites are often the minorities behind bars.\
Trump\u2019s outlandish performances are spectacles of entertainment.
Gary Cohn said he's felt pressure \both to resign and to remain in my current position.\
Her destruction was decades in the making.
For as long as millions of whites choose to let their voices remain muted, silence remains complicity.
But rank-and-file supporters are still more loyal to the president than the party.
Democrats have made curbing monopoly power a plank of their new \u201cBetter Deal\u201d platform. Will that stand in the way of confirming Makan Delrahim?
In the two weeks since white supremacists marched on Charlottesville, more than two dozen anti-Semitic incidents have occurred across the U.S.
Asked about the role of climate change, Sen. Steve Daines said \the climate has always been changing.\
Maybe we all just misheard him. Maybe it was his outer-borough accent. Maybe what candidate Donald Trump really said was
The woman's case spotlights concerns about the Trump administration's approach to the program protecting some undocumented immigrants from deportation.
The death-defying roller coaster that is the Trump presidency is both exhilarating and tiring. While each day seems to bring
Schools are reopening across the country. Are you a social studies or history teacher? Involve your students in a research
A federal judge could require the state to clear any election changes with the federal government.
The DOJ said it sought the records connected to the site because of concerns that it helped facilitate the planning of Inauguration Day protests.
If McCoy told you his story over a whiskey, you\u2019d be obliged to buy the next round.  It\u2019s that kind of tale.
By Naomi LaChance, TYT Politics The Missouri prosecutor in a death-penalty case that drew national attention Tuesday when
\Rather than speeding the process of infrastructure and energy development, the Trump administration has risked slowing it down.\u201d
Neither side looks ready to compromise.
He\u2019s scary. His supporters are scary. But he comes in a context.
What does Trump have to do for us to believe that his racist statements and his defense of bigots are accurate reflections of who he really is?
If Trump acts on his threat to end DACA, it would force hundreds of thousands of dreamers to retreat into the shadows.
He diminished the seriousness of Sheriff Arpaio\u2019s criminal offense at the Phoenix rally.
At a time when some Americans wish to glamorize the Nazi era, it\u2019s worth remembering where those roads can lead.
The challengers say the move was a partisan gerrymander in violation of the U.S. Constitution because it intentionally diluted the Republican vote.
The president has bounced from one crisis to another since taking office. This might be the first \real\ one.
There have always been white supremacists among us. In that sense what we witnessed in Charlottesville was part of a long
The trip landed the Treasury secretary and the actress in hot water after Linton touted designer brands on social media and admonished a critic.
When will this dreary news year end? 1. Christopher Cantwell surrendered himself to police in Lynchburg, Virginia, and was
The president is turning his back on the many changes he promised.
The men have been taken off official White House duties, NBC reports.
How I learned not to love Big Brother.
Stateline home page Sign up for exclusive state policy reporting and research By Sophie Quinton \u00a0 The sight of white supremacists
Rick Dearborn sent an email to campaign officials with information about a person trying to connect them with Putin, CNN said.
For the sake of this exercise, we are going to suspend disbelief, take a huge leap of faith and listen\u00a0to the friends and
The roller coaster of U.S.-North Korea tensions is at a relative low ebb after weeks of rhetorical nuclear brinksmanship
Looming fights over the budget and debt ceiling threaten the GOP's dream of a major tax-system revamp.
He can get big media, attract large audiences and raise large sums of money for the civic groups.
Will he attend?
A former spy has raised more than $21,000 so far as part of an effort to get the company to delete the president\u2019s account.
The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination released an unusually strong warning criticizing \the failure of the highest political level of the United States of America to unequivocally reject\ racism.
DOJ lawyers are still seeking a trove of information about visitors to the website.
The news is upon us once again. 1. The men involved in the terrorist attacks in Spain had planned further attacks on cherished
The president is advocating rosy memorials for former enemies of the state.
Earlier this month, Trump spoke fervently about major goals to rebuild our nation\u2019s crumbling infrastructure. It\u2019s clear
More than 60 signed a letter calling on Trump to follow the example a former attorney general set 41 years ago, when he told a KKK leader to \u201ckiss my ass.\u201d
By
\u201cWe were literally just standing there, just hanging out. Literally out of nowhere people started running.\
Irreversibly and irreparably, President Trump and his nominal party have spawned a maelstrom of dysfunction that will gut
The law was passed after President Donald Trump claimed thousands were bused into the state to voter illegally.
And suggests he'll pardon Joe Arpaio.
It's the city's way of honoring the woman killed during a white nationalist rally.
Trump and Arpaio were major players in the Obama birther movement.
\We have a president who was equivocal,\ he says in Detroit.
This morning, President Trump again hinted to reporters that he may issue a pardon for Joe Arpaio, the former sheriff of
In a statement, the groups accused Trump of emboldening \those who advocate anti-Semitism, racism, and xenophobia.\u201d
The latest \Candidate Confessional\ podcast looks at a key race in the 1990s.
White House senior adviser and President Donald Trump\u2019s son-in-law, Jared Kushner is leading a U.S. delegation on a Middle
\It's a s**tshow of the highest order.\
Over the last few years, our friends at Everytown and Moms Demand Action have worked with law enforcement agencies to promote
\u201cYou failed to denounce the intolerance and violence of hate groups,\u201d the resigning members wrote.
The tax code offers powerful tool for boosting wages, which Republicans and Democrats have expanded in the past. That may be changing.
Trump accused the media \u201cof trying to take away the history and our heritage.\u201d
The state joins Alaska and Washington in rejecting the attorney general's criticism of state pot regulations.
The state argued the new law fixed intentional discrimination that a judge found in a previous statute.
Slant is a sneaky way to distort the news.
The acrostic was included in a letter of resignation.
\I\u2019m not joking about it or being a smartass; this is a man who is not well.\
The state's Democratic gubernatorial nominee says he's OK with \u201cturning my back on white supremacy.\
Randall Woodfin has the endorsement of Our Revolution.
Did you have any idea what Trump was going to say about Afghanistan before he said it? I confess that I did not. This is
Late at night in the summer of 2007 a group of elders with white beards and traditional Afghan robes (referred to as a \u201cman
Trump claims that Obama's decision to withdraw from Iraq led to the rise of ISIS. That claim, however, is untrue.
The United States continues to spend $4 million per hour on a war in which Washington, D.C. has lost the plot.
When announcing the release of the 2016 International Religious Freedom Report, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson made
There\u2019s a reason why Afghanistan is known as the \u201cgraveyard of empires.\u201d Ask the Soviets... or Alexander the Great, for that
If the troop surge is to be considered the new Afghan strategy, it is most likely destined for failure. The Obama administration
Arpaio \personifies the same bigotry and intolerance we witnessed in Charlottesville,\ said one civil rights advocate.
Which suddenly seemed on point after the treasury secretary's wife went on a poor-shaming rant Monday.
\I think there's a real problem with that.\
\u201cBy historical standards, these are extraordinarily large figures, revealing an enormous Republican edge.\
He said the new American goal is to kill terrorists. This is not a strategy.
\He\u2019s a guy with a website.\
Vice President Mike Pence insisted Trump showed \American resolve,\ and U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley said the speech demonstrated \the signs of a president.\
Since mid-2017,\u00a0\u201cTrump Terrible 10\u201d has counted down the week\u2019s 10 most disgraceful figures in the Trump administration. Usually
Unlike people who accept the scientific explanation of a solar eclipse and also celebrate cultural mythology, Trump\u2019s staunchest defenders accept his myths without interest in reality.
The best way to generate wealth for future retirees is to minimize the money that is wasted in fees for the financial industry.
The Army aviators went missing after a Black Hawk helicopter crashed during a training mission.
\u201cThere will be no discussion of that today.\
The times they are a-changin' in North Korea.
Which likely involves an increase in troops.
Phoenix provides Trump with a home to hard-right racial, anti-immigrant and conspiratorial politics.
The New Jersey governor spurned climate action as he courted the Kochs. Now even the Republican running to succeed him -- his own deputy -- wants to reverse course.
Several recent studies have found that black men, even those without a criminal history, are less likely to get called back
By Michael Tracey, TYT Politics The multinational defense contracting behemoth from which Defense Secretary James Mattis
\We ought to be celebrating the men and women who have helped our nation move toward a more perfect union.\
Trump's voter fraud commission has said little about staffing and methodology.
\u201cYou all let this city down.\
\u201cAs Asian Americans, we call on Secretary Elaine Chao, an immigrant from Taiwan and woman of color, to be silent no more and stand by us as we fight to protect the DACA and Temporary Protected Status (TPS) programs.\u201d
Top administration officials are reportedly pushing for a deal that would help young undocumented immigrants -- by hurting their parents and community.
The president tweeted Monday that the \very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control.\
The president says he will no longer disclose how many troops will be deployed.
\u201cI\u2019m more excited about this than seeing the Beatles,\ said one fan about Trump's campaign rally in Arizona.
After an explosive week, the president is returning to the divisive issue he knows best.
Trump adds continuation of Afghanistan war to his growing list of broken promises.
The news is upon us once again. 1. Trump\u2019s plan for Afghanistan is \u201cWe are not nation-building again. We are killing terrorists
By Thursday the Trump Administration\u2019s project of dismantling the public domain will burst into full bloom when Interior
After a summer of debating healthcare, Senate Republicans have yet another Obamacare repeal bill to consider\u2014and this one
Current U.S. troop numbers are about 8,400.
How will Senator Bernie Sanders react? Which path will you take?
Gov. Andrew Cuomo\u2019s latest move will boost resources for inmates asking for commutations and pardons.
Which he is expected to announce tonight.
While detractors claim that \u201cAsian American\u201d divides, they fail to appreciate how it unites.
Community solar can drastically expand the base of people and business that can access solar power. But regulating the evolving
The intersection of the First and Second Amendments presents a complicated question, for which there is no simple answer.
The committee was integral in crafting how the U.S. responds to the greatest threat of our time.
1. Introduction \u2014 Democracy, Influence, and Protection of the State Arianna Huffington ran a session at the World Economic
By Marsha Levick, Deputy Director and Chief Counsel, Juvenile Law Center, and Sue Mangold, Executive Director, Juvenile Law
Where have you gone Stevie Bannon, a nation casts its lonely eyes to you. Don\u2019t get me wrong. I hardly mourn Steve Bannon\u2019s
Neither the GOP-led House nor the GOP-led Senate has developed legislation palatable to the American public.
Ryan said Trump's defense of white supremacists was \wrong,\ but still would not call out Trump directly.
The White House referred news shows to Trump supporters working outside of the administration.
The fallout over Charlottesville continues.
The money is running out.
Rep. Greg Gianforte had gone to court in an effort not to give up his prints and mug shot.
If Donald Trump carries out his threat to pardon Arizona\u2019s ex-Sheriff Joseph Arpaio, he will be granting the fantasy of every
Since around November of last year, I\u2019ve been trying to understand what it might mean to refer to a \u201cwhite culture.\u201d In the
Barack Obama and Donald Trump are, in moral terms, the exact opposite of one another. This is exemplified by the way the
Steve Bannon is out of the White House but his Breitbart style of white nationalism lives on.
That includes most Trump supporters.
Yes, he did sneak a peek without his protective glasses.
Todd Blodgett, who went from racist influencer to FBI informant, advises white supremacists to free themselves from \this putrid, so-called movement.\
Shihan Qu says his powerful magnet balls inspire a sense of \childhood wonder\ in adults. But the feds say they're too dangerous to be on the market.
Holy smokes, the last week has been rough. I keep wondering how we went from the first President of color to a Nazi-sympathizer
The White House said President Donald Trump will lay out the strategy for the war in Afghanistan in a television address on Monday night.
It's a real issue for some parts of the country. But it's not so hard to fix.
The protest follows LU President Jerry Falwell Jr. praising Trump's remarks on the Charlottesville violence.
If they think about resigning from the Trump administration, \I\u2019d say, \u2018absolutely not, you have to stay,\u2019\u201d said Jeh Johnson.
Three weeks into his tenure, John Kelly is ridding the White House of the likes of Steve Bannon. That might not change much.
You'd know why if you were in the Touro Synagogue in Rhode Island on Sunday.
A network of diaper banks now alleviates some of the suffering caused by the 1996 gutting of welfare.
The New Yorker probes the investor's possible conflict of interest involving an ethanol regulation.
With all due respect to President Obama and Nelson Mandela, is not that simple, and my response takes more than 140 characters.
Fewer resources are devoted to combating rising violence from white supremacists and far-right domestic terrorism.
Rep. Zoe Lofgren (D-Calif.) isn't a psychiatrist, but she wants the president to see one.
For many of us white people, highly charged terms such as \u201cwhite supremacy,\u201d \u201cwhite privilege,\u201d and \u201cinstitutionalized racism
It\u2019s a lot to digest but at the end of the day Democrats can realistically control Trump\u2019s future.
This struggle between the two Americas is not over and, in a real sense, never will be.
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott wants to keep boundaries intact for the 2018 election.
Soon after he was identified, accused domestic terrorist James Alex Fields Jr.\u2019s early Nazi sympathies were made public by
After Charlottesville, corporations proved more responsive to public uproar than many elected officials, even if they aren't totally cutting ties with the White House.
Other people we do admire did similarly shameful things, including Washington and Jefferson. But the monuments to Washington
The media should not let this question slide.
Students made clear they don't want the Confederate monument.
Sessions has rolled back decades of criminal justice reform.
How can this nation endure another 41 months of this man?
\u201cHis resilience & strength is incredible,\ his daughter tweeted.
Have Trump's recent nuclear threats and pro-neo-Nazi remarks marked the official start of his downfall?
Candidate Confessional revisits the 2008 fight over the collapsing economy.
\What better way to show them they are wrong?\
Many of the honorees were planning on boycotting the event.
Bannon has said he may be able to fight better for Trump at Breitbart than in the White House.
Historical statues and monuments are in the news, but sadly not because Americans have taken a new interest in understanding
Next spring, states will start voting in primaries for the regularly scheduled congressional midterm elections in every state
View full experience here
by Doug Weber Historically, men have made the vast majority of campaign contributions to candidates, but women\u2013whose campaign
At least it\u2019s the weekend soon. 1. Trump continues to fuck up, and his own party is turning on him. When do we get to fix
Trump should set aside his tweets for a few days and take over control of his administration\u2019s actions.
14 are reportedly dead and over 100 injured.
I am appalled, dismayed, and angered with President Trump\u2019s response to Charlottesville, especially his infamous press conference
We can choose to act against intolerance and bigotry.
Some U.S. industries have trade disagreements with the neighboring countries to the north and south. They want those addressed
But convincing the Republican-led state legislature to go along is proving difficult.
The reversal in an Ohio case could suppress low-income and minority votes, the commission says.
I was re-reading an article from May 2016 and thought that now\u2014following the events surrounding Charlottesville\u2014would be
So far, white supremacists have been a no-show.
\Mar-a-Lago ... has increasingly become a source of controversy and pain for many of our volunteers, employees and supporters,\ said the American Red Cross.
Icahn ended his role amid conflict of interest allegations, which he denied.
It's a rare move and leaves Scott Dekraai likely facing eight consecutive life sentences.
Vermont tried it and saw a big increase in registered voters -- and it's not even an election year.
As such important members of the Jewish community, I urge you to speak up and speak out.
Trump has officially, publicly, overtly aligned himself with white supremacists. And through their silence and willingness to arm bigots, the NRA stands with him.
As an adult, it is your responsibility to seek information to fill those egregious gaps in your knowledge.
Why are CEOs showing greater public courage than our politicians?
He was a conservative force in the West Wing credited with helping to shape Trump's populist appeal.
Since 2001 the US has been at War in Afghanistan \u2013 the longest war in US history. Headlines concisely tell the story of this
He will be able to operate openly and freely to inflict as much damage as he possibly can on the \u201cglobalists\u201d that remain in the Trump administration.
Seriously... what the f*** is wrong with you? Nazis? Really? Nazis? This was supposed to be a textbook slam dunk. A no-brainer
\Any tactic used now to silence neo-Nazis will soon be used against others.\
\Your values are not American values,\ the resigning advisory committee members said in a letter to Trump.
Treat her well, buddy.
The vice president also praised Trump's \energy\ and \can-do spirit.\
\This is a defining moment for President Trump. But much more than that, it is a moment that will define America in the hearts of our children.\
Research suggests that doula-assisted mothers are less likely to deliver babies with low birth weights or birth complications
Former Klu Klux Klan Grand Wizard David Duke felt \u201creally proud of him.\u201d Steven Bannon \u2014 founder of the far-right news site
Without the threat of uncapped damages, companies have proven over and over again that they will prioritize their bottom line above the well-being of everyone else.
His ill-advised public remarks are not presidential by any standard.
The sense of disgust will only snowball.
We must interrogate what it means to leave these symbols intact to embolden a new generation of hateful, bitter white people.
On Tuesday, in the span of less than 30 minutes, in a press conference in the lobby of Trump Tower, President Trump managed
Confederate monuments are a a daily reminder that treason, secession and slavery still shamefully stain the nation.
Without question, Trump is condoning the attack on Charlottesville.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions blasted Chicago and its local leaders Wednesday, tying \u201clocal policies on undocumented immigrants
High crimes and demeanors in the age of Trump.
Either Tom Garrett has a terribly incompetent staff, or he is a liar. My money is on the latter.
The former gubernatorial candidate came under fire last year for controversial statements about the Obamas.
There is such truth to the famous saying housed inside the Holocaust Memorial museum by Martin Niem\u00f6ller \u2013 First they came
Part of their goal is to give people recording equipment to \u201cdocument illegal voting.\u201d
Former Buccaneers coach Tony Dungy challenged them to chip in with his own contribution.
\u201cTo me, his time in the White House should be over.\
By Kica Matos \u201cThey don\u2019t want us here. That is why Charlottesville happened\u201d. On the same weekend that white supremacists
Racism in America is nothing new. American Nazis have existed since the end of World War II. The popularity of the KKK ebbs
Damore\u2019s legal options seem limited.
Profiles in courage.
And thousands gathered last night for a candlelit vigil at UVA.
Twitter users are sharing their favorites.
The Affordable Care Act gave some people the freedom to leave full-time jobs.
...or a white history month.
A Virginia statute passed in 1997 precludes Charlottesville from exercising any common sense in such situations.
The Fanta-hued Fascist who currently occupies the White House has offered his strongest support so far to white supremacy
I've seen horrible violence while serving abroad, but for the first time I felt what it's like to be the target.
\Whether we like it or not, this is what our history is,\ said the Trump-backing Republican.
He called white supremacists \clowns,\ despite having once run a website that caters to them.
The white nationalist/white supremacist violence that erupted in Charlottesville over the weekend has shaken me to the core
We\u2019re still here, and we\u2019ll be back tomorrow. 1. Horror struck Thursday morning in Barcelona when a van drove into pedestrians
The Cleveland Clinic and American Cancer Society are among the groups distancing themselves from Trump after his response to violence in Charlottesville.
\Who's next, Washington, Jefferson?\
\Our nation is still healing,\ the mayor said.
The senator was an early supporter of Trump.
191 schools around the country are named for leaders who fought to uphold slavery.
Donald Trump continued his crusade earlier this week to undo everything that President Obama accomplished. This time, he
The president attacked \Flake Jeff Flake\ on Twitter, calling the Arizona senator and frequent Trump critic \WEAK.\
The group was apparently led by notorious right-wing troll and conspiracy theorist Jack Posobiec.
\Americans will always stand with our Spanish friends,\ he said.
They cannot pretend their opponents didn\u2019t warn them.
He advises people to \study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught'' -- a story with no basis in fact.
Sigh.
People are so cemented in their racial biases that they are eager to defend them with violence.
He thinks it will save him. It explains his combative remarks about Charlottesville.
My fear is that after a day of mourning, we will return to business as usual in our country.
After I left for college, my family hosted a delightful exchange student from Rome.\u00a0 Her name was Chiara, and she lived with
This post first appeared at BillMoyers.com In the unceasing sequence of shocks that American life has become under the Trump
Donald Trump is turning the presidency into a day care center for his troubled inner child.
And his comments on the \alt-left.\
I grew up on the border between the United States and Mexico, near the boundary line that starts at the Pacific Ocean and weaves east toward the Gulf of Mexico. My parents, who are both from Tijuana, met in that city in the late 1970s while my father was home from California\u2019s Central Valley, where he was a field worker. They decided to build a family across the border in San Diego, and that\u2019s where I was born.
What does \u201cdiversity\u201d mean in the workplace as well as American society?\u00a0 Are women at a disadvantage in technical fields
Trump has always had a masculinity problem. It is why so much of his discourse is consumed with insisting on his maleness.
Yesterday I had a call from a reporter doing a story on Charlottesville who asked this question
Like many Americans, I was appalled by the events this weekend in Charlottesville. As the cameras turned to the president\u2019s
Because he fought Nazis, Sam Sachs has been a hero longer than I have been alive. Sam is 102 years old and lives in Lakewood
And it doesn't have to mean electoral disaster.
It is important to consider that the freedom of speech isn\u2019t an inherent good.
The federal government had already taken action against Pilgrim\u2019s Pride. The company paid a $4.5 million settlement in 2009
This should never have happened in America. Unfortunately, we must also recognize that it could happen ONLY in America.
There\u2019s no denying it anymore.
So, America, are we tired of all that \u201cwinning\u201d yet? Yes, that was a facetious question, intended to point out that America
By Sharisse Tracey On July 31, President Trump boasted about the state of the economy, specifically the stock market, and
Gov. Matt Bevin's comments come as white nationalist groups consider rallying in Lexington to protest the removal of Confederate statues.
So now we have Donald Trump equating Nazis with those who fight against them. Apparently Trump never got the memo that it\u2019s
This is the world we live in. Let\u2019s try to make it better. 1. The GOP is distancing itself from Trump. All it took was for
Also, try our big gulps!
Denver's director of elections expresses concern about people being \afraid to participate\ in \a fundamental right of all Americans.\
Everyone in Congress knew the 2008 bailout was politically toxic, but it was supposed to pass. When it didn't, there was no Plan B.
They said America must stand up to \hatred in all forms.\
A new state law makes it illegal to move Confederate monuments. But Mayor William Bell contends they don't have to be visible.
NAFTA talks start in Washington, D.C. today on an ambitious schedule to come up with a \u201cmodernized\u201d agreement by the end
By Billy Binion It\u2019s rare that people across the political aisle find common ground on much of anything these days. Health
When \u201cPresident\u201d Donald Trump approached the microphone far too many hours after white supremacists attempted to assert themselves
A Marine collision last year in the same area killed 12.
It\u2019s time to defeat the Confederacy, once and for all.
A renegotiated NAFTA that subordinates workers will meet the fate of the now-dead Trans-Pacific Partnership.
America\u2019s leading CEOs are no longer giving the president the benefit of the doubt.
Americans are now more likely to call it a symbol of \Southern pride\ than racism.
White supremacy is killing us. Literally. And white people need to wake the fuck up.
\Whatever party or wherever we come from, America will have to stand tall again for values and not this kind of disgusting discussion.\
The title of this post says it all, as if a springboard to events and ideaologies that must be pushed back into hell. The
What if this was the message that President Trump brought to the American people?
We must not be complicit in the white supremacist agenda of this current administration.
Friends and colleagues say Tyler Magill's stroke is the result of being struck with a Tiki torch.
The vice president's response was a dodge to three questions posed by a reporter.
The president has made his priorities pretty clear.
Menstruating behind bars can be a humiliating and stressful experience.
We owe every woman that President Trump has ever bullied and degraded a debt of gratitude.
Fascism is always waiting for its moment.
Progressives believe that we can \u2013 and must -- create a non-violent future. This is not a utopian view.
The National Park Service said it could take up to two weeks for the graffiti to be removed.
WASHINGTON \u2014\u00a0In the days leading up to the white nationalist \u201cUnite the Right\u201d rally in Charlottesville, Va., that left one
The online payment company is cracking down after a new report found hate groups used their services to raise money for the Charlottesville rally.
\u201cDoes anyone know that I own a house in Charlottesville?\u201d
After Charlottesville, Trump still employs an adviser who has described Islam as the key driver of violent extremism.
The War Powers Resolution of 1973 foresaw the dangers of presidential adventurism while Congress was on summer vacation.
It has been a dramatic summer for health care policy, and though Senate Republicans\u2019 effort to repeal and replace the Affordable
The city council voted unanimously to rid the city of the monuments.
Meet the \New Right.\ Same as the alt-right?
Actors Mark Ruffalo, Olivia Wilde and Fisher Stevens joined Moore in the Manhattan protest.
The Senate majority leader's statement condemning neo-Nazis did not even mention Trump by name.
The stone forms may be destroyed, but the belief system that acted as an invisible scaffolding supporting their weight will remain intact.
With U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner's (R-CO) first solo town halls in about 500 days taking place today, it's worth reviewing how
This game of nuclear chicken Trump is playing offers a teachable moment.
Donald Trump addressed the media today from his New York hotel. After reading a prepared speech about infrastructure, he
What happens when war and metaphor become one, when militarized fantasies invade and occupy everyday life?
There was still one word missing from Trump's statement today
When we declare war on crime, drugs or terror, we limit our means for understanding and dealing with them.
Protesters at U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner\u2019s (R-CO) town hall meeting at Colorado Christian University's (CCU) 900-person-capacity
Previously published in The Boston Globe. Today the American Society of Civil Engineers gives our airports, bridges, dams
Things Criticized Nordstrom Macy\u2019s T-Mobile AOL Verizon Univision Lithium ion batteries The Oscars The Emmys The Super Bowl
We must realize that our members\u2019 lives don\u2019t stop when they clock out at the end of their shift.
I want to go out as I lived
Shots fired in Fort Trumpter
And the latest on what the president said about hate groups.
This post originally appeared on fortheloveofwineandcoffee.com. Haunting images of white supremacists with rage in their
Stateline home page Sign up for exclusive state policy reporting and research \u00a0 California state Assemblyman Evan Low, a
The departure comes after business leaders left the group amid controversy over the president's response to a white supremacist rally.
Why would we seriously expect anything different now?
Federal judges have invalidated two of Texas\u2019 36 congressional districts, setting up a scramble to redraw them ahead of the 2018 elections.
Russia\u2019s most rabid critics are among the most enthusiastic supporters of American intervention overseas.
The media, however, are \truly bad people.\
When we allow racism to exist, we become racism.
Marches in D.C. this week took aim at the monument to Albert Pike, a pro-slavery Confederate general.
There's a difference between fighting for white culture and white dominance.
ESPN is under fire for airing a fantasy football \auction\ that evokes images of slavery. But it also reveals an uncomfortable truth.
\As a Jew, as an American, as a human, words cannot express my disgust and disappointment. This is not my President.\
\He\u2019s a good person,\ said the president about the White House chief strategist.
In the aftermath of the Charlottesville tragedy, Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe did what our president would not. He named
The news continues to be a depressing wasteland. 1. CEOs are stepping down from Trump\u2019s business advisory panels because
A coalition of conservative states led by Texas hopes to kill Obama\u2019s signature immigration achievement.
\u201cWhat the events in Charlottesville did was confirm that this was the right thing to do,\u201d said Lexington Mayor Jim Gray.
\u201cThis victory means thousands of Black registered voters will be able to go to their polling place and cast a ballot in this year\u2019s important mayoral election.\
The president defended attendees of the white nationalist rally in Virginia over the weekend.
Let\u2019s get something out of the way immediately. We know that President Trump made a statement Monday\u00a0condemning white supremacists
You have come out from under your white hoods, emboldened by unchecked populist rhetoric and demagoguery. You rally behind
\u201cAmericans deserve to know that white nationalists, white supremacists, and neo-Nazis are not in a position to influence U.S. policy.\u201d
\I just don\u2019t take him seriously ... it sounded so hollow and vapid,\u201d Richard Spencer says.
Arizona already has six Confederate monuments. It doesn\u2019t need another one.
When one looks at the state of our country where fascism and Nazism is on the rise, it is easy to forget that there are pockets of hope.
His threat to stiff insurers would lead to higher premiums and more federal spending.
By hating the haters, I become one of them. I create more of the very thing I wish to remove.
\u201cAs a Jew, as an American, as a human, words cannot express my disgust and disappointment.\
A Republican congressman from Florida has denounced the move as \irresponsible.\
Seven executives on his manufacturing advisory panel have left over Trump's lackluster response to neo-Nazis.
The Republican party owns this.
\They are ... doing something that meets current demagogic needs,\ he told Fox News.
The nation's largest private employer lamented Trump's \missed opportunity\ to unite country against white supremacy.
After spending a weekend not writing about politics, you just know what\u2019s bursting at the seams. After all, SO much has already
While Trump and these hate groups stand on different socioeconomic plains, there still remains a common denominator between them.
When I heard the news of the deadly violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, this past weekend, shock doesn't begin to communicate
It\u2019s not someone else\u2019s problem. It\u2019s our problem.
Evidently, President Trump just wants to hear positive news about himself. Recent news reports indicate that Trump is given
Make America Great Again\u2014we all knew what that meant.
And the latest from the White House.
On August 12th, 2017, an act of domestic terrorism propelled by racists and white nationalists occurred in Charlottesville
With a few more votes in Wisconsin, Michigan or Pennsylvania, Hillary Clinton would be President. Instead, Donald Trump won
A town in southwest Virginia has the highest per capita opioid prescribing level in the country. New state prescribing rules
My head is spinning over Charlottesville. I spend my early adulthood in Washington, DC, and frequented Charlottesville when
The silence is deafening.
The first time I sang \u201cWe Shall Overcome\u201d \u2014 and every time since \u2014 I have cried. I tend to hold things in \u2014 hold thoughts
We are not our grandparent\u2019s generation and we do not have to fight the same battles. We don\u2019t need a wall, we need a mirror
We are not better than this. This is America but it isn\u2019t who we have to be.
Trump avoided blaming the Nazis, because he needs their votes.
Silence is not an option. Silence is standing with the oppressor.
\When you have to use a Polynesian cultural product (tiki torches) to defend and assert white supremacy.\
We have the opportunity to reframe this situation, reclaim our country\u2019s moral compass and rewrite history.
By Sara Swann Nineteen candidates are contesting tomorrow\u2019s primary for Attorney General Jeff Sessions\u2019 old seat as U.S. Senator
Dear President Trump, I write to you as the CEO of a non-governmental organization, American Jewish Committee (AJC), which
Jerry Drake Varnell, who wanted the bombing to serve as a \wake up call,\ was arrested in an FBI sting.
\When you see the violence that we saw in Charlottesville, then you know that we must act,\ Lexington Mayor Jim Gray said.
Officers failed a primary duty of keeping the peace, say law enforcement experts and attendees.
Yet he said the president had issued \a very strong statement\ on Saturday -- even though it didn't specifically denounce violent white nationalists.
First I got angry. Then I wanted to help.
Bannon's alleged ties to white nationalists is sparking new calls for his removal.
After more than a half-dozen members announced their departures, the president said he would end the manufacturing panel.
Counting down the week\u2019s 10 most disgraceful figures in the Trump administration.
Former Rep. John Dingell had a message for white nationalist groups that incited violence on Saturday.
Maybe Tom Cruise of Jerry Maguire fame should play James Damore in the movie version \u2013 \u201cIt\u2019s not a memo, it\u2019s a mission statement
The ad was released during a weekend of alt-right violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
He called the former sheriff, who has been accused of racial profiling, \a great American patriot.\
North Korea\u2019s recent intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) tests, combined with the Defense Intelligence Agency\u2019s warning
\u201c\u2018Many sides\u2019 suggests that there is no right side or wrong side, that all are morally equal. But I reject that.\
The No. 1 creator of racist ideas in America isn\u2019t Steve Bannon. It\u2019s white parents.
Eighty-two years ago, President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed Social Security into law. The program has most emphatically
Most politicians are tightly scripted. A news reporter asks a question, and the politician has a preformulated response. If
This type of ambiguity is wholly inappropriate as well as dangerous.
It is hard to convince a young kid to be hopeful in a world where white supremacists are recognized as just \u201canother side\u201d of our national debate about equality.
President Trump, you reap what you sow, and boilerplate statements of sorrow ring hollow.
They must prove their moral integrity and distinguish themselves from the right.
He refused to respond to reporters who asked him whether he would call the white supremacists in Charlottesville terrorists.
The museum reminded that the Holocaust, the murder of millions of people, \began with hateful rhetoric.\u201d
When I was a freshman in a parochial school in Louisiana in the early 1960s, Father Elsner, my English teacher, assigned
Shouldn\u2019t it be easy to condemn these people and their racist viewpoints?
In following the ways of Jesus it should not be hard to speak out against racism.
If you have the means, you can also donate to progressive organizations and local GoFundMe pages to help the victims of the
Almost no one thinks of themselves as a bigot. But we all have at least some fear or hatred of others within us.
\u201cThe president\u2019s enemies don\u2019t want him to succeed,\ the ad's narrator says.
Three people, including one counter-protester and two state troopers, died in the Charlottesville area on Saturday.
By Sunday, White House officials clarified that he meant to do so, yet there was still no denouncement from Trump himself.
Police escorted him from the scene.
But H.R. McMaster still defended Trump's response.
\I think he made a choice\ in the 2016 campaign \to really go to people\u2019s prejudices,\ the mayor says.
\I want her death to be a rallying cry for justice,\ Susan Bro told HuffPost.
The White House issued a statement clarifying his response to Saturday's violence -- but it didn't come from him.
\The tragic events in Charlottesville today have accelerated the announcement I intended to make next week.\
\u201cYou have to call that stuff out,\u201d said the former White House communications director.
Her father, President Donald Trump, blamed \many sides\ for the Virginia unrest.
The president blamed \many sides\ for violence sparked by a white supremacist rally on Saturday.
I recently received an email from Spencer in response to an op-ed I wrote in April.
The former secretary of state said that \incitement of hatred\ had brought white supremacists to the streets.
The current resident of our White House is responsible for all of the slime slithering out from under the woodwork now.
President Donald Trump had mentioned Obama in a statement about the protests.
Once again a U.S. citizen has been killed in a terrorist attack on American soil. Like the perpetrators of the recent London
History keeps repeating itself and we're past due to take action.
You don\u2019t hire generals to rein in a civilian leader, or at least you shouldn\u2019t if you care to keep a semblance of democracy in America.
\Their cause is hate, it is un-American, they are domestic terrorists and we need more from our president,\ Graham said.
\u201cWhen asked to condemn, he just walked out of the room. Really, really good. God bless him,\u201d wrote the website's founder.
\It wouldn\u2019t surprise me if there was another missile test.\
As the \alt-right\ grows, simply knowing racism is bad is not enough.
One of James Alex Fields Jr.'s former teachers recalled him being \infatuated with Nazis.\
Anti-racist activists aren't letting white supremacists have the last word.
The college town is reeling from violence and death and experts say the next white nationalist rally could be worse.
Here's what happened when Spencer, the prominent white nationalist, agreed to talk with me, a former skinhead now dedicated to dismantling the movement I helped create.
The trending hashtag has prompted a war of words on social media, with some saying it denies a troubled history.
It's likely any military actions against the countries would turn out like other recent U.S. invasions.
North Korea threatened to fire missiles near Guam. Trump says the publicity will bring tourists.
Many blamed President Donald Trump's rhetoric.
The GOP would cut its throat if it denounced its racists and racism and really meant it.
I am sick a tired of people telling me that the racism that minorities feel in this country isn\u2019t real.
We must call white supremacy by its right name and destroy it.
As events around the world continue to spin out of control, the man who bragged \u201cI alone can fix it\u201d has once again revealed himself to the world as unqualified to be president.
The \Unite the Right\ rally in Charlottesville, Virginia has led to violent clashes.
We have a group of white supremacists and literal Nazis who are starting fights and throwing torches, and this is somehow still only being called a protest/rally/march.
The one place where millennials undoubtedly shine is politics.
In less than two weeks, a petition calling for Congress to censure President Donald Trump for misconduct and misdeeds has
State officials wanted to roll out a response plan before tensions escalated. Then the threats began.
Trump did not specifically criticize the white supremacist groups who had organized Saturday's rally.
Republicans did few things but fight this week.
\No good comes from violence,\ the first lady says.
Trump -- a multiple time draft-dodger -- has no idea what the U.S. military can, can't and should or shouldn't do in the world.
Please get on your golf cart and head east toward the sunset over Trump Tower. Everyone knows it\u2019s \u201cfake news\u201d that the sun sets in the west.
\Put THAT in your Tiki torches and light it, you sorry Nazi bitches.\
Senators must stop hiding behind hollow support of a \two-state solution\ that this bill would make impossible.
\u201cWe are determined to take our country back,\ Duke said. \We are going to fulfill the promises of Donald Trump.\
The Charlottesville rally is just another example of the deep-rooted, bone-chilling hatred in this country.
A state of emergency has been declared after violent clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Since 2003, lawmakers in 27 states have considered bills to recognize gold or silver coins issued by the federal government
Rep. Mike Coffman broke from conservative orthodox thinking last week when he stated that there's\u00a0\not taxpayer funding for
Seven times the Parliament of South Africa had voted on a motion of no-confidence in President Jacob Zuma. And seven times
And the latest on Trump's comments on North Korea.
See what people are saying about this week\u2019s biggest stories.
How did we get to this place?
Afghanistan is probably the most complicated issue on the presidential agenda.
Yesterday, New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman joined the chorus of voices urging the Left to try to bring Trump voters
The catastrophe that the Republican Party has brought down on itself with this president is of such a magnitude that it may never recover.
The hotel took home around $2 million in profit this year.
\u201cThe people are suffering and they are dying. We have many options for Venezuela including a possible military option if necessary.\u201d
Many voters don't know who to believe; they can't discern \fake news.\
\We must overcome today\u2019s debased and lonely 'porn culture' and return to a sexuality that is fruitful and erotic in the truest sense of the word.\
Good luck, Jared!
Meanwhile, Congress is considering a bill that would make it harder to write regulations.
Tough talk and credible military options are only half of the necessary policy.
\u201cThere\u2019s no veto once the president has ordered a strike.\
An inmate advocacy group publicized Ajit Pai's prior work this week.
It's the first time Korean-American elected officials have spoken in one voice on the issue.
McConnell told reporters that Trump has \excessive expectations.\
Two Democrats have authored a bill that would require a declaration of war by Congress before a president could launch a first strike.
Last year, he finally got to celebrate his bar mitzvah.
Trump recently tweeted that transgender people would no longer be allowed to serve.
\u201cHe is sick of mind, impetuous, arrogant, belligerent and dangerous.\
This is the world we live in. 1. Most Americans want efforts to repeal Obamacare to end, a nonpartisan group found. Probably
He said Kim Jong Un would \truly regret\ taking any action against the United States.
Rental car drivers will likely have to navigate more electronic tolls as states convert traditional cash tolls to electronic
by Pri They used to say, growing up in the United States was a luxury, and life would be better off here than overseas. I
(That\u2019s American decline in Pentagonese.)
We have no reason to believe that one of these days he won\u2019t just try to do it.
And the key State Department positions going unfilled during this diplomatic crisis.
Before President Trump called for a punitive response to the opioid epidemic, he should have considered the way that Oklahoma
By Nadia Rubaii and Max Pensky, Binghamton University, State University of New York There are many indications that human
The choice between New Yorkers paying their fair share for a world-class transit system and selling sponsorships to multinational corporations is clear.
What kind of civilization have we developed when two mentally unstable national leaders, in an escalating confrontation with
Erik Prince, immensely wealthy mercenary, has recently made a grab at the business opportunity still represented by these wars.
The timing of two letters sent from the department and the commission raised eyebrows.
Lt. Gov. Ralph Northam, a physician, has a narrow lead in a new poll.
But the Pentagon had no idea he was going to do this. Now it's a big mess.
Truly, Donald Trump is a Republican now.
Meanwhile, a Republican-friendly county has had no problem doing it.
The perpetrators seek to intimidate the tens of thousands of Somali Muslims who attend mosques in the Minneapolis area.
In the past six months, congressional Republicans have illustrated just how little they consider the needs of the women and
Wayne Barnes allegedly required employees at an Oklahoma jail to get his permission before calling for medical help for inmates.
\North Korea better get their act together.\
The public is split on Trump's overall handling of North Korea, but few think he's improving the situation.
Consume. Obey. Submit. 1. Trump is being sued by active transgender military personnel. They\u2019re fighting back after Trump\u2019s
Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com Winning! It\u2019s the White House watchword when it comes to the U.S. armed forces. \u201cWe will
The former White House communications director also called a journalist a \lowlife\ for recording their conversation.
Engaging the president on potential new wars is Congress's job, not an elective activity.
The state attorney general hoped to head off challenges from cities that oppose the law.
\u201cMitch, let\u2019s get to work and let\u2019s get it done.\
A top priority of the immigration advocacy community was left behind, and lawmakers still haven't passed it.
In many cases, defendants who cannot afford to pay bail will be pressured into taking plea deals.
\u201cThese statements are irresponsible and dangerous, and also senselessly provide a boon to domestic North Korean propaganda.\
During Trump's 17-day vacation this month alone, more than 2,400 Americans will die from a drug overdose.
Just don\u2019t bomb them. Getting them to give up their nukes will be a lot harder.
\u201cThe opioid crisis is an emergency and I\u2019m saying officially right now it is an emergency. It\u2019s a national emergency.\
\u201cNazi salutes are indefensible.\
This week, we turn the reins of So That Happened\u00a0over to the New York office, and HuffPost reporters Jeff Young and Sam Levine
\I greatly appreciate the fact that we\u2019ve been able to cut our payroll.\
What to do about North Korea? The escalating apocalyptic rhetoric between North Korea and the United States echoes around
It feels like this president is hell bent on destroying American democracy.
Which some experts called \reckless.\
My parents were immigrants. They spoke no English; they had no special skills. And they had a child born two days after they
This week\u2019s circulation of an authoritative government report on global climate change is putting some heat on America\u2019s
Things have gone from comically and disturbingly absurd to legitimately terrifying. It\u2019s one thing when he\u2019s twitter fighting
Trump immediately backtracked on his promise to crack down on lobbyists, choosing to staff his administration with them.
It\u2019s been four days since a bombing at a Minnesota mosque was declared an act of terrorism by both the FBI and the governor
At least those coal jobs are coming back...
He wasn't eager to talk to reporters either.
The former congressman says the former president has been unfairly maligned.
The U.S. has no permanent ambassador to South Korea and no undersecretary for arms control and international security, among many unfilled jobs.
Promises, promises.
Rock, meet hard place.
The president's foreign policy exemplifies the parody of an American abroad \u2014 proud, ignorant, and rude.
As the Trump wrecking crew ramps up its destructive campaign against federal health and safety protections and social services
The president is disappointed in Congress' failure to repeal Obamacare.
It's a positive sign for Democrats.
A spokesperson for McCain called Sen. Ron Johnson\u2019s comments \u201cbizarre and deeply unfortunate.\u201d
Officials are urging motorists to plan ahead and find a safe spot to view the eclipse. They say pulling onto the shoulder
Donald J. Trump isn\u2019t acting on his own. Following his \u2018fire and fury\u2019 threats to North Korea, press secretary Sarah Huckabee
\u201cI want you to know that these are life and death decisions that you are making,\ one audience member said.
The Dallas Mavericks owner wades into a growing debate over rights to taxpayer-funded pharmaceutical research.
It seemed like the Treasury Secretary doth protest a bit too much as a Shakespearean drama unfolded at a July 27th meeting
HuffPost Reporter Nick Visser on Seoul's apparent calm as Trump gets into war of words with Pyongyang.
Just 35% want the level of legal immigration to decrease.
A half-dozen states plus Washington, D.C., have extended Medicaid benefits to children in the country illegally. By Michael
By Yeo-Ri Kim, Research Intern, East-West Center in Washington. She is a Master\u2019s candidate in Global Policy Studies at the
Some of the most important struggles of the \u201960s and \u201970s, like civil rights, are still underway today.
These policies will only serve to alienate potential immigrants and send them elsewhere.
The post-Cold War consensus collapses.
The cable also said diplomats should make clear the U.S. wants to help other countries use fossil fuels.
So it leaked early.
The criticism of Kamala Harris obscures larger issues.
Counter-Conference for Safety & Liberation. Video by Christen Hill. By Erik Shelley Rep. Keith Ellison sees white supremacy
New sanctions may give the Russian president more reason than ever to test NATO's unity.
The president's United Nations ambassador would not comment on the story and called its publication \a shame.\
\u201cWe need people who are going to support the America First agenda, and I will be that person,\u201d Danny Tarkanian said.
President Trump
Sen. Tammy Duckworth (D-Ill.), who was shot down over Iraq, said Steven Bradbury's approval of torture methods put soldiers in danger.
The changes \u201cwill no doubt fast-track the greater sage-grouse\u2019s listing as an endangered species,\ one conservationist said.
A president unable to separate the world from self can do America untold damage.
It\u2019s finally here. The gun industry has produced a gun which is the size of a credit card and will fit into your pocket just
Some mothers and kids have been stuck in family centers for months awaiting deportation or relief.
Those of us who believe in real news and journalistic integrity have been familiar with the alternative facts (the term \u201cfake
After the pope's friends published a blistering critique of conservative evangelicals, some leaders are hoping to talk it out.
And more of the latest polling news.
The Obama DOJ supported a challenge to one of the ways Ohio purged voters from its rolls. The Trump DOJ now says the process is fine.
Here's why the story of the Zika vaccine is so important.
Also, you have a dirty mind.
Instead, the president said we should arrest more people and lock them up for longer.
Some in the GOP are suggesting Ryan's job could be on the line.
It\u2019s the at least second time this year the federal government has proposed giving exclusive rights for taxpayer-funded research to a foreign pharmaceutical giant.
If there were doubts about the intention of the current administration with regard to their intent in limiting military connected
Dear Christians, I\u2019m writing to you today to discuss a very serious matter. Your brand \u2015 and especially the realm of Evangelicalism
In a sharply critical report, the Department of Justice (DOJ) Inspector General Michael Horowitz takes issue with how the
The lawsuit is the first to challenge the Justice Department over the Byrne program.
We're sure the president is also checking Slack.
Taking stock of the Trump presidency so far.
\Republicans may not be the answer, but far-left liberalism certainly has been the cause of the problems,\ Dan Bongino argued.
The bait and switch
Former Florida governor joins America's doctor and addiction recovery advocates to urge the president to declare a state of emergency immediately.
At a 2011 conference, Harvard Law School Professor Laurence Tribe listed many of the questions about a convention that Article
\u201cChuck Norris is exactly the kind of guy you want on your side,\u201d Moore said of the actor\u2019s endorsement.
Trump's most adept spin doctor admitted that the president's numbers need \to go up.\
\There is a 50% chance this whole thing ends in disaster,\ Thiel reportedly said.
Six teenage girls from Afghanistan, part of a robotics team, were initially banned from the United States and an international
Kayleigh McEnany has been an outspoken supporter of Donald Trump since campaign season.
And made a direct threat to the U.S. mainland.
He once vowed he'd work so hard for America that he wouldn't have time to hit the links.
We in the party can't miss you if you won't leave
\Never in U.S. history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal.\
How does a political party that claims to recognize the separation of church and state do this?
It is impossible to believe that Trump will not escalate his campaign of vilification of Mueller and his associates.
The vice president pushed back on a report that he's taking steps to run if Trump doesn't.
\u201cWe don\u2019t prosecute journalists for doing their jobs.\u201d
\u201cChicago will not let our police officers become political pawns in a debate,\u201d Mayor Rahm Emanuel said.
A statement that would have gotten you punched in the face by the average Tea-Party \u201cpatriot\u201d a few years ago is now a rallying cry to keep out brown people.
Miller, a senior policy adviser with hardline views on immigration, recently sparred with reporters in a televised briefing.
Bipartisan bills have been introduced to discourage him from dismissing the man investigating his campaign.
Australian Defence Minister Marise Payne said the Australian government would assist the U.S.-led recovery effort.
Forty years after stumbling into sports law, the prominent antitrust attorney is fighting to reshape college sports -- and get players paid.
The senator has been criticizing his party and the president, while still mostly voting with them.
Randy Bryce tells the House speaker
The ability to discern patriotism from nationalism is vital in our current landscape.
Retired Marine Amy McGrath is running for office to take out \Mitch McConnell's hand-picked congressman.\
Immigration is a personal matter for me, as it is for many Americans. Unless you are a Native American descendant of the
Robert Rosenthal knows groundbreaking journalism. The award-winning reporter, now the executive director of The Center for
Investigators have also reportedly questioned witnesses about whether Flynn was secretly paid by the Turkish government.
Stakes in the hard-fought contest were much higher than a few thousand new union members.
You know, just in case Donald Trump isn't.
His actions illustrate a fundamental misunderstanding of, and brazen disregard for, the rule of law.
As time goes by, more and more elephants in Washington seem to be going rogue. By this, we mean that resistance to Donald
\I think he loves dictators, loves the way they behave, compliments them all the time.\
Grand jurors investigate in secret, while their targets try to spin what's happening.
Robert Powelson, the newly-confirmed member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, wasn\u2019t clear who he was referring
Some Bedminster residents expressed frustration at security protocols, road closures and daily disruption that Trump's 17-day stay is due to bring.
Weed like to visit.
The Trump administration is taking the reins off low-wage employers. It's a stark reversal from the Obama years.
The gun group's spokeswoman, Dana Loesch, lashed out at people who didn't get it.
Five years after a neo-Nazi killed six people at a Sikh temple, America can learn from how this small Wisconsin town came together.
What happened to respecting Native American sovereignty?
Eric Bolling, a co-host of \The Specialists,\ said through an attorney that he \does not believe he sent any such communications.\
The accusations came just hours after the network announced it had suspended Bolling.
Expanding the pension program to include Iasi survivors will do more than just ensure a small financial compensation.
A much anticipated \town hall\ meeting with U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner and three other lawmakers, scheduled to take place in
Coauthored with Sara R. Collins The Affordable Care Act (ACA) has always needed fixing. Now that the Congress has tried and
In this case, Trump is rightly more skeptical of the war than NBC News and its team of \experts.\
And other headlines for Friday, August 4, 2017.
Offshoring has padded corporate profits while suppressing wages both in the U.S. and abroad.
Here\u2019s some depressing news as you head into the weekend. 1. Trump\u2019s private phone calls with Mexico\u2019s President Nieto and
'Grampa, where were you during American Dream Week?' asked no child ever
\u201cWhat the prosecutors should be looking at are Hillary Clinton\u2019s 33,000 deleted emails.\u201d
Fourteen unarmed Iraqi civilians were killed at a Baghdad traffic circle in 2007.
Conservative activist Dinesh D'Souza tweeted an image of the board which appeared to show internal White House strategy.
This article was originally published on\u00a0Just Security The scene of last week\u2019s San Antonio smuggling tragedy is painful
States confronting budget woes and a long list of spending priorities are questioning whether the hyped-up shopping events
See what people are saying about this week's biggest stories.
\u201cWinners never quit\u201d is, in this case, going to prove false.
I asked comedians
Education provides people concrete opportunities to overcome real circumstances of poverty or oppression.
The agency says the move has had no impact on security.
The Mooch keeps on talking.
Party leaders have ambitious goals for 2018, but some worry they come at too high a cost.
\Every American should be concerned.\
\u201cThey are attempting to legislate hate and discrimination and frankly keep America majority white.\u201d
The full-throated denials appear to be getting a bit quieter.
\ud83c\udf82 \ud83c\udf89 \ud83c\udf88
The Florida representative kept a staffer accused of bank fraud on the House payroll.
Article 2 of the Constitution, the article regarding the executive branch of the government, consists of a little over a
The former president turns 56 on Friday.
The President of the United States of America is a pathological liar. The White House was forced to essentially admit that
Under pressure from the president, U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions and the U.S. Department of Justice are amping up a
\We will not allow rogue anonymous sources with security clearances to sell out our country,\ the attorney general said Friday.
Unsung heroes and small victories make up civil rights lore.
Counting down the week\u2019s 10 most disgraceful figures in the Trump administration.
The attorney general personally opposes marijuana, and seems willing to ignore evidence. Bummer.
Joined on stage by billionaire coal baron and Gov. Jim Justice, Donald Trump returned to West Virginia last night with another
I recently read the heartbreaking story of Pedro Hernandez \u2015 a Bronx teen jailed at Rikers Island for a year, although witnesses
I like Jeff Flake a lot. He\u2019s the Republican senator from Arizona who just published \u201cConscience of a Conservative,\u201d a slashing
And other top news for Thursday, August 3, 2017.
Golf is the perfect metaphor for the Trump presidency.
Such a grand jury. The best. Like you wouldn't believe.
If the Trump administration seriously cares about minorities in this country, they can start by leaving affirmative action policies in place so that minorities can access higher education.
There\u2019s only one way to dry up its support
You may recall Anthony Scaramucci as the Trump Administration\u2019s short-lived Communications Director. He was recently ousted
Trump continues to rule with ignorance and incoherence, seemingly oblivious to the havoc he causes.
He\u2019s squandering our global leadership and dragging us toward war.
Immigrants want nothing but to start a new chapter in their lives, live in peace, and provide for their families.
For the first six months of his presidency, Donald Trump has always been able to count on a \floor\ of public support of
The president called the White House a \dump\ in front of at least eight people, the reporter says.
This one goes out to myself and my fellow individuals working for a better world. Sometimes, along the way of fighting for
Trump claims the legislation limits his ability to \make far better deals.\
He also was wrong about key details of the deal he was disparaging.
Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Think of Donald Trump as the plutocratic id loosed in the White House.\u00a0 And who hasn\u2019t
The GOP's failure to pass any major legislative priorities has imperiled the Trump administration's agenda.
Rural veterans are far older and far more likely to be disabled than other rural residents. New programs across the country
Not only can you wander around anywhere in the Sunflower State with a gun in your pants, you don\u2019t even need any kind of
The president's commission dropped its effort to get data that included partial Social Security numbers.
Some say it'll perturb allies and make the president even more secretive. But the striking content leads other commentators to support the revelations.
The great Italian revolutionary, Antonio Gramsci, when struggling to understand the rise to power of Benito Mussolini, once
Fox 5 in New York used Facebook to post a live video of a man threatening to jump from a bridge. Experts say this kind of coverage is irresponsible.
The press secretary praised Trump's adviser on Sean Hannity's Fox News show.
The calls were at times contentious and at other moments bizarre.
Many are Haitians displaced by the 2010 earthquake, fearing the Trump administration will deport them.
The news keeps getting crazier but let\u2019s all remember
Who are we? We are the thousands of people who attended town halls, marched on the streets, and occupied offices until we got arrested.
Since news of Trump\u2019s election, progressives have shifted gears to confront his regressive policies that threaten to drag
Before recommending a practical way to reverse the devastating impact of Congressional Republicans\u2019 attempts to strip tens
After first being undecided and then voting for three GOP proposals to kill Obamacare, U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner says he has
An announcement could come as early as this week, the official told Reuters.
Amidst tumult emanating from the White House, one thing\u2019s clear throughout the political spectrum. Our selected president
In a recent episode of the HBO series \u201cSilicon Valley,\u201d Richard Hendricks is getting his tech startup off the ground when
It's wrongheaded and laden with hypocrisy.
The defeat in the Senate of the \u201cskinny repeal\u201d of the Affordable Care Act was a major victory \u2014 one brought about through
It's an attempt to steal the high ground from the trade hawk in chief.
We have reached the point where the Republican majority in Congress must act to protect the integrity of its own party.
Are these folks stealing jobs, or are they doing the jobs that others won't do? It can't be both.
This column was first published by Truthdig.com. The Trump presidency has been a boon for at least three groups of people
Could be better, probably couldn't be worse.
The Nevada senator's shifting stance has angered both liberals and conservatives.
Here's his take on his brief tenure at the White House.
Along with taking other steps, like opening the office an hour earlier.
How complicated can these things really be?
\It shouldn\u2019t be this difficult to get the commission to operate in the sunlight.\u201d
No American can possibly believe that he or she now is living in that exceptional land of patriotic possibility.
Terrence McNeil pleaded guilty to five counts of solicitation to commit a crime of violence and five counts of making interstate threats.
\u201cIt\u2019s an indication that the investigation is going to extend well into 2018.\
The news is here to stay. 1. Senator Lindsey Graham spoke of a military response to North Korea\u2019s missile tests that Trump
Last week, flanked by police officers in Long Island, President Trump told a crowd of supporters his administration was getting
Possible culprits
\u201cIf he's willing to lie about the Boy Scouts, what won\u2019t he lie about?\u201d asks one GOP consultant.
I need you to hear me out even though you may not like what I\u2019m going to say. The thing is, I really care about you. I know
The administration lied about who crafted their own lies.
There is absolutely no justification for abolishing the Election Assistance Commission.
A new offshore wind farm could bring jobs to New England\u2019s struggling fishermen.
\Today the environmental field is suffering from the temporary triumph of myth over truth,\ said Elizabeth Southerland.
Critics slammed the president after he reportedly called the residence a \dump.\
Donald Trump is apparently never to blame for actions that draw deserved criticism and protest.
Ezra Cohen-Watnick's ouster continues National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster's purge of nationalistic viewpoints from the NSC.
In some Southern counties, Hispanic populations are declining. Laws intended to crack down on illegal immigration may be
U.S. Rep. Ken Buck (R-CO) grabbed headlines yesterday by declaring the Republican Party \u201cdead.\u201d \u2018After eight years of assuring
States may be about to take the challenge of providing universal health coverage into their own hands.
John F. Kelly\u2019s front-stabbing Donald Trump\u2019s new White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci only hours after
Sen. Lamar Alexander urged Trump to allow payments through September.
The GOP lawmaker and vocal Trump critic has been accused of not personally doing enough to keep the president in check.
GOP lawmakers have one month to redraw legislative boundaries that weaken the impact of black voters.
And more of the latest polling news.
Warning
This post first appeared at BillMoyers.com Don\u2019t let it be said that Donald Trump is clueless. Mendacious, chaotic, vicious
We all rely on our nation\u2019s transit systems, highways, bridges, ports and railroads to connect us every day to our jobs and
In response to a fake Reince Priebus, Anthony Scaramucci told him to read Othello.
Legalization did not turn teenagers into marijuana addicts
Anthony Scaramucci out. Washington Post reveals Trump dictated his son\u2019s account of meeting with Russian lawyer. \A great day at the White House!\u201d
Here's the latest development.
When we nudge more uncertain respondents to offer an opinion, the results we get appear to reflect real attitudes and not random responses.
\u201cIgnoring women\u2019s fundamental freedoms and equality to win elections is both an ethically and politically bankrupt strategy,\ NARAL's president said.
What these polls don\u2019t always differentiate is voters who actually have to buy their insurance.
What the European Union\u2019s 2014 Crimean sanctions can teach us today.
One area of agreement
Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Over the years, Ann Jones has confronted some of the most daunting and depressing issues
This article also appears on Republic Report.
Democrats most offer a vision of a better future.
The world has always had a complicated view of America. They see Disney, Nobel Prize winners and serial killers. They know
There is a stream of thinking running through my Twitter feed today emanating from the die-hard Democrats I follow. The gist
The president's name has a polarizing effect in polls.
She claimed \any father would.\
The Democrats have set a very low bar for themselves.
Left-leaning groups want the issue to be a litmus test for Democrats.
Edwin Lyman, a physicist at the Union of Concerned Scientists, was one of 30 U.S.-based scientists scheduled to speak at
Greg Andres is the 16th lawyer on the team.
Chuck Rosenberg, an ally of James Comey, offered \a strong reaffirmation of the operating principles to which we, as law enforcement professionals, adhere.\
Apples and trees and what not.
The president's politically charged speech drew intense criticism.
\My father has the voice of this country.\
Prominent Mormon Republicans like Flake and Mitt Romney could have paved the way for Trump's defeat. But they didn't.
Gov. Kate Brown and state lawmakers are too busy expanding health care coverage for children, women and undocumented immigrants.
During the Cold War, U.S. foreign service officers cleaned embassy bathrooms and unloaded trucks.
Islam is the best thing to ever happen to us Muslim women.
\Tax reform cannot be a cover story for delivering tax cuts to the wealthiest.\
When representatives of the Putin regime, or of the Trump administration or campaign, bring up \u201cRussian adoptions,\u201d its thinly disguised code language for removing American sanctions on Russia.
The governor got into a very public argument with a Cubs fan this weekend.
Mark Inch had served as a military policeman and head of Army Corrections.
Scaramucci's tenure as White House communications director was short-lived, but he's still very much with us.
Joseph Otting signed legal papers admitting the bank he ran forged documents to push Americans out of their homes. He also bought a mansion.
Donald J. Trump has failed and he clearly hates it. His business failures, and there were many, could be swept under the
The new chief of staff has his work cut out for him.
He said he\u2019d drain it. Instead he brought it into the White House.
\u201cGotta add \u2018Scaramucci\u2019 to the dictionary as a measure of time.\u201d
He'll land on his feet.
The president's only consistent foreign policy position has been promoting the consumption of fossil fuels.
He could do it in a tweet.
Happy Monday, fam. 1. The majority of Americans would describe the Trump presidency as\u00a0\u201cchaos\u201d. The majority of Americans
Michigan\u2019s volunteer cybersecurity team can be deployed only in massive cyber emergencies. A bill in the Legislature would
If, as Republicans claim, the private health insurance system really works, then it\u2019s time for our fine private insurance
Californians aren\u2019t just talking about clean energy, they are aggressively pursuing it.
Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com When you think about it, isn\u2019t it strange that Donald Trump doesn\u2019t represent the historical
The party's new economic plan is a thinly-veiled return to the party's early 20th century progressive roots.
Trump over the weekend urged Republican senators to stick with trying to pass an overhaul of the Affordable Care Act.
This completed a week and a half of musical chairs at the White House.
The president looks to be on the verge of repeating Richard Nixon\u2019s fatal miscalculations.
Thanks to three Republican heroes\u2014and 48 Democratic ones\u2014the health of the American people is a lot more secure than it looked
Even with wins in the courts, the ban has had horrific consequences.
Last week he urged officers not to be \u201ctoo nice.\u201d
10 highlights from the Mooch's 10 days as White House communications director.
The for-profit bail bonds industry takes another jab at bail reform efforts, which have largely been hailed as a success.
Lordy. If Republic Report hadn\u2019t launched this feature nine weeks ago, we\u2019d have to start it now. With North Korea threatening
The travel ban may prevent visa lottery winners from being able to apply for green cards.
\u201cI called him a hypocrite because I thought it needed to be said.\
\u201cAmerica really should stand for more than that,\u201d Walter Shaub said.
There's a formal process for presidential pardons, but Trump has no obligation to use it.
The bill is the latest move in the Vermont senator's fight with Big Pharma over the patent for a Zika vaccine.
\u201cDon\u2019t give up Republican Senators, the World is watching
\u201cI think journalism is our number one priority right now, in terms of the rehabilitation of our nation,\u201d Hamilton Fish tells
It was 52 years ago this Sunday \u2014 July 30, 1965.
John McCain is still sleeping on the couch to me. But after Friday, I may give him a pillow and a blanket.
On July 30, 1965, President Lyndon Johnson signed Medicare and Medicaid into law. Fifty-two years later, both programs stand
Before the Heritage Foundation health care plan, first passed into law as \u201cRomneycare\u201d in Massachusetts, and then as the
\This week was the most tumultuous week we\u2019ve seen in a tumultuous presidency.\
As the United Auto Workers seek a foothold in the region, the automaker is telling its Mississippi employees that a \yes\ vote could jeopardize everything they have.
Let\u2019s examine the logic of this assertion.
\u201cLet\u2019s frame an argument beginning with an agreement that God put Donald Trump in the White House. Why would He do that?\u201d The
Deidre Ball gave birth to a son on Monday.
The Maine Republican remains defiant.
\Keep pushing this crap & I\u2019ll start dropping oppo on you.\u201d
Medicaid is the nation's single largest insurance provider, yet millions of Americans are seemingly unaware of what it does and who it serves.
\I will speak with Gen. Kelly and the president about that.\
Remember Michael Flynn?
Putin and Exxon have aimed relentlessly at ending U.S. sanctions, but scandal and Congress have now tied Trump's hands.
Christine McGinn, herself transgender, won't let her patients go without care.
The two GOP senators consistently opposed party leaders' efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, often in the face of sexist attacks.
The department said suggestions for using another standard for use of force \sends the wrong message.\
The move by the Health and Human Services secretary would hobble the Obamacare exchanges.
These narratives that Senator Sanders is working to benefit Russia, perhaps because of resentment for his loss to Clinton, are nothing short of absurd.
The bill was in part a response to conclusions by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia meddled in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Kris Kobach said making the documents public would undermine his work on the panel.
Confirming what we already knew -- our voting systems are awfully vulnerable.
Scaramucci humiliated Priebus in a series of interviews.
It was just another week in Trumpland, folks. By that we mean more scandalous behavior and bumbling incompetence packed into
I am a little bit insulted by the emails I\u2019ve gotten this week from various progressive groups, saluting me as \u201ca healthcare
Will Trump's antics continue to poison the political well, firing the passions of his supporters while wearing down the rest of us?
Obamacare was imperfect progress, but that is almost always how progress is made. And the inertia of imperfect progress is difficult to overcome.
Trump doesn't want Republicans to give up yet.
In the past week alone, Senator John McCain was diagnosed with brain cancer, several very close votes were held in the Senate
Voting advocates say a recent change in state law is likely to cause confusion.
The ousted White House chief of staff also called news media \dishonest\ and called the Russia investigation \a joke.\
The health care battle continues.
Prospects for World War III got a boost this week on Capitol Hill, where conformity reached new lockstep depths. A bill that
Randall Woodfin is hoping to unseat the Alabama city\u2019s two-term mayor.
McCain has the same kind of brain cancer that Biden's son Beau died of in 2015.
The International Association of Police Chiefs sends out a timely lesson on use of force.
The bill, called the Health Care Freedom Act, could strip health care from millions of Americans.
Younger Americans are among the most supportive.
Yes, that Boy Scouts thing wasn't that long ago.
Many laws may have been broken.
\If you want to know what failure looks like, just take a look at the last 36 hours of the Trump presidency,\ she said.
We aren\u2019t interested in making money for big businesses. We aren\u2019t interested in a political agenda.
Rep. John Delaney, a Democrat from Maryland, is years ahead of the pack.
\u201cIt was a generation ago that Harry Truman said, and I quote him
It\u2019s bound to be an interesting weekend. 1. The U.S. military spends five times as much on Viagra as it would on transition
The real stars of this process are the two Senators who withstood threats from their own party to vote \no.\
And here are the three Republican senators who made that possible.
We all know about desegregation in the U.S. military, how Jackie Robinson broke the color barrier, and how African-Americans
Close to the 52nd birthday of Medicare and Medicaid, in the wee hours of the morning on Friday, July 28, something astounding
Don't leave us, Priebus!
International trade law must be enforced now.
Trump is calling for an end to \u201cpolitical correctness\u201d and indeed, for an end to everyday decency.
At this point, I would not be surprised if the GOP loses both Houses in 2018.
The president keeps inflaming the diplomatic crisis between Qatar and four Arab states. But it's not hurting the oil and gas giant.
OK, so you don\u2019t really want to send John McCain a thank you teddy bear. But especially today, the morning after the cliffhanger
Why on earth did Republican leaders try to push such an unpopular bill through the House?
I want to move to Hawaii solely to be able to vote for Sen. Hirono. If every elected official had to take the lowest form
\There's actually REAL BREAKING NEWS affecting millions of Americans happening right now.\
The Senate voted against a \skinny\ repeal of Obamacare early Friday morning.
When presented with an unexpected up-or-down vote on single-payer health insurance, not a single Democrat supported it.
A training board rejected Minnesota Gov. Mark Dayton\u2019s proposal to name the fund for the 32-year-old police shooting victim.
On African-American Women\u2019s Equal Pay Day, and pay day for many of us, we are reminded to continue our fight for equal pay
Something happened in America... something sinister, something morbid, something so depraved as to lie far beyond any reasonable
Co-authored by Sammy Rangel, Executive Director of Life After Hate Yesterday, the House Subcommittee on National Security
Trump has surrendered the nation\u2019s economic policy to the Goldman agenda.
God sides with the powerful.
He hemmed and hawed on health care. He also may have sealed his re-election fate.
An emphasis is being made on healthy aging.
If he survives his cancer, it will be solely due to affordable, quality healthcare that he is fortunate enough to receive.
Along with Susan Collins of Maine, and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, he voted against the Republican bill.
How can Cuba reform its stagnant economy without losing what\u2019s working?
\Where is your compassion? Where is the care that you showed me when I was diagnosed with my illness?\
The party was never able to unify behind an idea for a new plan.
He acted on his words when it truly mattered.
We must start with a vision of the America we aspire to bring about.
The strategy didn't work.
The Senate backed the measure by a margin of 98-2.
He mentions White House chief of staff Reince Priebus as he tweets about an investigation.
Silicon Valley must contend with something deeper if it truly wants to meet its goal of \u201cchanging the world.\u201d
When I was a kid growing up in Washington, D.C. during the 1950s, my two favorite places to visit were the NRA\u00a0Museum and
\We sincerely regret that politics were inserted into the Scouting program,\ he wrote.
\The president also told me, if you\u2019re nice to me in this segment, he\u2019ll let me come back on the show. Is that cool?\
As the Senate\u2019s \u201cvote-a-rama\u201d continues, it\u2019s looking more and more likely that the only bill that has any chance of passing
Let the great experiment \u2026 begin!!!
The new numbers indicate it may take awhile for Jeff Sessions to reverse trends that began in the Obama administration.
Well played, Senator. Well played.
Some House GOP members would rather have the scaled-down Obamacare repeal bill than nothing.
Americans aren't thrilled with Republicans' latest efforts to write health care legislation.
Key proposals would need 60 votes, according to the Senate parliamentarian.
Denying dignity to transgender servicepeople and others hoping to aid the country is impractical and inhumane.
One key Republican senator may be paying close attention.
The U.S. war against civilians in Syria
The panel had asked states to hold off on submitting data amid a lawsuit.
\u201cSeriously, this is weapons grade bonkers.\
In 2015, Brownback issued an executive order protecting the religious freedom of clergy and organizations that opposed same-sex marriage.
Senate leaders finally unveil their legislation, and plan to vote on it within hours.
My organization received twice as many endorsement applications from millennial candidates this year than we have at any time in the past.
These kids need people with conviction and principles leading them forward.
This is a shame and a tragedy for our nation.
\u201cIn the meantime, we will continue to treat all of our personnel with respect,\ General Joseph Dunford wrote.
The South Carolina senator also vowed \holy hell\ if the president axes Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
\u201cIf Reince wants to explain that he\u2019s not a leaker, let him do that.\u201d
We\u2019ll let the news speak for itself today. 1. Apparently Russia used Facebook to spy on Emmanuel Macron\u2019s campaign during
The Senate is supposedly set to vote on what the press is reporting as a \u201cskinny\u201d repeal of the Affordable Care Act, colloquially
by Sara Swann It\u2019s no surprise money can play an important role in winning elections, but where that money comes from is
On the same day Trump banned transgender people from serving in the military.
Researchers at Reinvestment Fund in Philadelphia report that 48 percent of city residents in the United States live in \u201cmiddle
GOP lawmakers want to give Trump the power to scrap a rule safeguarding 1 in 3 Americans' water.
Like the experts, they think this latest scheme would destabilize markets.
The death of my neighbor, Justine Damond, forced me to re-examine my privilege.
The ex-lawmaker claims he wants to \help those in need help themselves.\
In Washington, the current administration has proposed eliminating PSLF. Recently, Representative Todd Rokita (R-IN4), with
There's now a pile of evidence of Trump-Russia contacts and four ongoing investigations.
Either they are getting played by their leaders -- or they simply don't care
This week, I am excited to join a group of advocates and chefs from Food Policy Action, the National Resource Defense Council
The rules have been piloted in 10 U.S. airports and will soon expand to all airports.
Although the next presidential election is still several years away, Democrats\u2019 excitement over the possibility of winning
It\u2019s a little ironic that the Democratic Party that in 2016 nominated a losing presidential candidate who was heavily identified
\Hey look \u2015 great schools, smart guy \u2015 it\u2019s so easy to act presidential.\
\To be perfectly honest, I was pissed,\ one affected voter said.
Democratic legislators have been busy lately fighting efforts by President Trump and Republican legislators to bulldoze millions
I love this country, but I don\u2019t like it in its 2017 iteration.
The president has said that the attorney general needs to be \u201cmuch tougher on the leaks from the intelligence agencies.\u201d
The president discovers a sure cure for economic anxiety
\Shame! Shame! Shame!\ protesters chanted.
By the end of this week, it could be too late.
Though costs can be high per treated person, they are low as a percentage of total health spending.
The new policy comes after an officer fatally shot Justine Damond while responding to a 911 call she made.
The senator demanded a better process, but he doesn't vote like it.
After traveling the country, these are the group's recommendations.
The Arizona senator returned to Washington to vote with his party.
Taiwanese electronics giant Foxconn said in the past it would build a plant in the U.S. It didn't.
He lost it by nearly 3 million votes.
Did Justine Damond's skin color lead to swift action in Minneapolis? Civil rights and policing experts say it's complicated.
The Louisiana representative was among a group of GOP lawmakers attacked during a baseball practice last month.
Crafting the Right Package South Carolina\u2019s Simrill says he also used to think that the state transportation agency didn\u2019t
And what's next.
Employer-based health insurance has been a mainstay of the American economic scene since World War II, when it provided an
I call on Donald Trump not only to confess this betrayal, but also to change course and support fully equal rights for transgender people.
The President of the United States, who is obsessed with calling any investigation of his administration or campaign organization
It was a vote of appalling hypocrisy.
If the GOP is successful in its Affordable Care Act repeal, several of those dear to us will suffer greatly.
Repeating the aggressive approach that he took during last year\u2019s campaign, Donald Trump has stepped up his tyrannical assault
The medical costs excuse is preposterous.
Who else has the news blues? 1. Trump announced today via Twitter that transgender people will no longer be able to serve
John McCain and Lisa Murkowski agreed to disagree.
Trump\u2019s hostility towards our transgender brothers and sisters will bleed into all of our lives.
The disarray mirrored the administration\u2019s disastrous rollout of its ban on travel and immigration from seven-majority Muslim countries.
Since George Washington, presidential elections have permitted voters to chose individuals, based on both character and policies
The president seemed to characterize some leaks as \just stupid people\ vying for his attention.
\Sounds like cowardice.\
Trump\u2019s reasoning for banning Trans military members is not only outdated, but it also makes zero financial sense.
President Donald Trump has not yet indicated if he will sign the bill.
His vote could prove decisive.
The presidency of Donald J. Trump is under siege. It is being held captive by the megalomaniac, pathologically-lying, self
Buckle your seat belt; you\u2019re in for a bumpy, trillion-dollar ride into American financial hell.
A leading organization of pediatricians warned in June that the continued use of chlorpyrifos \puts all children at risk.\
It's still totally unclear just what bill the Senate is about to debate.
The president has rebuked his attorney general for positions Trump once held.
So much for McCain\u2019s claim to be \u201cmaverick.\u201d
Under certain proposals, lifetime and annual limits could also affect those covered by employer-provided insurance to lose
\Trying to pull it back is really not going to work,\ he said.
Another lawmaker assured Sen. Susan Collins that she could \beat the s**t\ out of the guy.
The roundup of Iraqis in the Detroit area followed Iraq\u2019s agreement to accept deportees as part of a deal that removed the country from Trump\u2019s revised temporary travel ban.
The leaders praised Kushner as a \great gift\ to U.S. Christians.
It's unclear whether Republicans in the state House of Representatives will kill the measure or pass a different version.
\Trump is the antithesis of Scout values.\
This year, Vermont came close to becoming the first state to legalize recreational marijuana through the Legislature. Other
There\u2019s no good reason for progressives who loathe the agenda not to unite in support of Mueller\u2019s investigation.
Soon enough, President Trump will confront an economic, military, or constitutional crisis \u2014 or provoke one. Already we see
Manafort was one of the people at a June 2016 meeting that Donald Trump Jr. attended after being promised damaging information on Hillary Clinton.
It\u2019s clear that a large portion of this massive investment of taxpayer dollars isn\u2019t making anyone any safer.
As Donald Trump put it, they are going to \u201clet Obamacare fail.\u201d
Consider today\u2019s Democratic Party agenda rollout to be a good start.
And what we don't know.
Is bipartisanship dead? A quick look at the Texas Legislature and you might think so. On the last day of the most recent
John McCain's political history boasts peaks and valleys, but he has remained fairly consistent on one particular matter.
The widely revered senator's record is less \maverick,\ and more \party loyalist.\
\u201cNothing is more serious ... than extinction,\u201d said Gov. Jerry Brown as he signed new legislation.
And more of the latest polling news.
\u201cWe will see what happens. Time will tell. Time will tell.\
If Sen. McConnell succeeds in jamming through repeal legislation, it will be a serious blow to our democratic process.
We all need access to health care. Cancer does not discriminate.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is moving ahead with the issue.
The 2-1 ruling struck down the local government\u2019s third major attempt in 40 years to limit handgun rights.
The president says his attorney general should have protected him from the Russia investigation.
But don't you feel more free?
It involves a \skinny bill\ that would mean 15 million people lose insurance.
\We were taught never to make our service about politics.\
The president even disparaged the efforts of the U.S. military.
The return of ailing Sen. John McCain suggests the Senate leader may have a plan for reviving Obamacare repeal.
In a recent poll, he barely mustered a majority in 17 states.
Many health care advocates were arrested at a Senate building, including several disabled activists.
Last week, the president sharply criticized Sessions' decision to recuse himself from the FBI's Russia investigation.
This is America in 2017.
The time has come to think outside the box.
Raymond Tensing, who shot the unarmed black man, remains under investigation by federal authorities.
Trump said every Obamacare promise made was \a big, fat, ugly lie.\
He will testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Monday and the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee on Tuesday.
Only half a year into the Trump administration and the narcissism, prevarication and corruption have our democracy in crisis.
Female senators who oppose the bill are (phew!) saved from Rep. Blake Farenthold's challenge.
Poor Jeff Sessions...
Congressional committees are questioning the president's son-in-law this week about his meetings with Russians.
The president also claims he carried GOP lawmakers \over the line on my back.\
It\u2019s Monday and Donald Trump\u2019s presidency is still on fire. 1. Another victim of human trafficking found in a truck in San
They're still at it.
The president lurches from \u201crepeal it now\u201d to \u201cwho cares, it\u2019s failing.\u201d
By Susan Blumenthal, M.D. and Alexis Boaz Today, the Senate is scheduled to vote on health care reform legislation but at
I bet you didn\u2019t know you were contributing to Donald Trump. If you are a teacher in Texas, a police officer in New York
As Washington moved to reduce federal funding for women\u2019s health, the battle over affordable birth control and other women\u2019s
\u201cI did not collude,\ he tells congressional committees.
By Thomas Kennedy When my parents came to the United States almost two decades ago, they did not think that they would spend
Trump promised to help workers, but it\u2019s new state and local laws that are actually making a difference.
One staffer for House Majority Whip Steve Scalise said the ad made his \stomach turn.\
\u201cPresident Trump\u2019s accomplishments are nothing short of historic.\
He is trying to destroy the credibility of everybody who can hold him accountable.
Counting down the week\u2019s 10 most disgraceful figures in the Trump administration Republic Report,\u00a0which\u00a0focuses\u00a0on how money
Oh oh. Just seconds in, and Stelter\u2019s losing already. How do we know? Let\u2019s count the ways. 1. Kelly is being shot straight
Washington must deal with Russia despite the latter\u2019s misbehavior.
The US Department of Education website needs updating \u2013 comically so. If one clicks on the link, \u201cAn Overview of the US Department
The fate of any legislation to rewrite Obamacare is uncertain.
With some caveats, of course.
The party is putting antitrust reform at the core of its new agenda, \A Better Deal.\
\I have an 11-day-old baby girl. ... What kind of life would she have if we returned to the old insurance set-up?\
Democratic senators called on him to face public questioning.
The sisters say they are \united in opposition to the current Republican health care proposals.\u201d
He said he wouldn't talk about politics at the Boy Scout event. (Then he did.)
\u201cIf you\u2019re going to keep leaking, I\u2019m going to fire everybody,\ he threatens.
In the past couple of weeks, Polish Prime Minister Jaros\u0142aw Kaczy\u0144ski has moved to take over Poland\u2019s independent courts
Mueller's team is looking at Manafort's real estate records and his involvement in Ukrainian politics.
Republicans have increasingly become the party of sabotage.
Sergei Kislyak's name has emerged in several probes into Russian meddling and possible ties between Moscow and the Trump campaign.
Israelis and Palestinians are headed for another round of tragedy and destruction but seem helpless to avoid it,\u201d according
He also says the investigations into the interference are \overblown.\
As usual, they're neglecting to mention a few key facts.
Co-authored by Dr. Diana Taylor, professor emerita, University of California, San Francisco; Dr. Ellen F. Olshansky, women\u2019s
By Anja Parish Despite the efforts of U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson, the Trump administration is continuing to pursue
Republicans and Democrats reached an agreement allowing new sanctions targeting Russia, Iran and North Korea earlier this week.
\The president is talking about pardoning nobody,\ said new White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci.
The president asked his audience, including military members, for \a little hand\ in getting his budget passed.
The Democratic party was \too cautious\ in the past, he said.
House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi expressed concern that by including North Korea, the legislation could face delays in the Senate.
Seriously?
In March of 2016, President Barack Obama granted Carol Denise Richardson a commutation of the life sentence she received
\u201cThe Judiciary Committee will talk to Trump Jr. & Manafort before they testify in public, but we will get answers.\
Difference works. The name of my business (and mission) challenge me at times when I deal with people think differently than
Conservatives have sought to end Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid from the moment the programs were signed into law
We awoke to the breaking news that spinmeister Sean Spicer is out, and Sarah Huckabee Sanders is in as White House press
The news about solving the earth\u2019s climate issues is not heartening. It\u2019s not just that Trump has pulled us out of the Paris
By James M. Dorsey US President Donald J. Trump. in a step that could embolden Saudi Arabia to move ahead with plans to destabilize
\You can't make this s**t up.\
It's not clear if he can pardon himself.
The upcoming case could dramatically reshape how electoral districts are drawn.
About midway through a boiling hot Sunday bike ride from downtown Brooklyn to the beach at Jacob Riis Park, talk among three
The real American dream at work.
A nine-state coalition could aggressively cut carbon emissions, but they're split on whether to do so.
The news of the day for Friday, July 21, 2017.
The president's legal team is investigating the investigators.
\u201cIf you catch people sooner in the infection and get them in care, they\u2019re likely to live a very long life and less likely
In just six months, his White House briefings became must-see TV.
By Maria Behan The popular imagination tends to glamorize evil
The claim contradicts what the attorney general has said about their conversations.
Justice Department alums from both sides of the aisle were alarmed by the president's comments this week.
U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner (R-CO) is now undecided on whether he\u2019d support GOP legislation to repeal Obamacare without replacing
Trump can feel like the victim, but he has brought it all upon himself.
It\u2019s a time of trial and tribulation for America\u2019s allies and adversaries alike. Just what is U.S. policy these days? More
By Jeffrey Solomon \u201cLife, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.\u201d The famous phrase confirms to all here and around the world
If you think that homelessness has always been with us, you\u2019re not alone. But in fact, homelessness first became a national
Anthony Scaramucci also rebuked the president's treatment of women, including Megyn Kelly.
They don't call out Republicans by name, but the letter's target is obvious.
Last month, I wrote here about how California\u2019s cutting edge policies were working. Although conservative critics say we\u2019re
It comes after a morning of drama in the White House press office.
The raids are set to begin on Sunday and continue through Wednesday.
Exxon sued the government over the $2 million fine, despite making $7.84 billion in profit last year.
The president is spiting his most dedicated supporters in ways that may impact his party for years to come.
After solving the Mideast, this should be cakewalk.
\Sen. Kolkhorst might as well argue that black people be banned from the bathroom because rapists might wear blackface,\ one speaker said.
The public is split on whether or not they think a repeal is still in the picture.
If you are counting on Special Counsel Robert Mueller completing an investigation that gets to the bottom of Donald Trump\u2019s
Chaplain Hernandez
We\u2019re sailing in uncharted presidential waters. \u00a0Donald Trump has moved beyond incompetency to the designation
The new White House communications director is now a vocal defender of the president, but he once called Trump \another hack politician.\
Voters are worthy of the consideration and deference granted to their elected officials.
Mike Dubke, the previous director, resigned in May after only three months on the job.
The news comes just hours after Pyongyang blew off diplomatic talks with South Korea.
Anthony Scaramucci is pro-gun control and a \concerning\ pick, Dana Loesch said in a now-deleted tweet.
\u201cMaybe they went to the toilet together.\
\We urge you to\naffirm America\u2019s values and tradition as a nation of immigrants,\ reads a letter to the president.
Blatantly lying for the president was fine. Working for Anthony Scaramucci is not.
She'll replace Sean Spicer, who resigned on Friday.
And other news of the day.
As soon as they figure out which health care bill they're actually voting on, that is.
David French weighed a presidential bid. Before he even made a decision, he got a heavy dose of racist vitriol from internet trolls.
She attacked Trump for saying that he would not have appointed Attorney General Jeff Sessions because he recused himself from the Russia probes.
Lawmakers from both parties offered well-wishes and honored his years of public service.
\It\u2019s extremely unfair \u2014 and that\u2019s a mild word \u2014 to the president.\
Rex Tillerson was chief executive at the time of the dealings.
Our politics are an embarrassment. It\u2019s a cornucopia of purist, entangled with anarchist, blended with overall apathy. The
The ACLU says the program is unconstitutional.
The former president paid tribute to his 2008 election opponent, following McCain's announcement that he was diagnosed with brain cancer.
The threat of a Mueller firing is all too real. It demands an urgent, determined response.
But it still might not change anything.
Comity has virtually disappeared from the White House.
Even as he constantly discredits the newspaper, he seems to seek its approval.
The unraveling of a society\u2019s institutions, stability and reasonable order does not sound alarms to forewarn the citizenry
Being Trump, he\u2019ll try to threaten, blame and divide his way out of failure.
McCain is the best argument that all should receive the same quality of care.
One thing seems undeniably true about the health care bill\u2019s demise
Asset forfeiture is nothing short of unconstitutional \u201clegalized\u201d highway robbery. There\u2019s simply no other way to describe it.
The latest attempt by Congressional Republicans to dismantle Medicaid and other medical care protections for millions of
Speculation is mounting that President Donald Trump could issue a pardon to members of his family and close associates who
There is already bipartisan movement on a policy issue that affects millions of Americans.
News is for suckers, so suck it up. 1. Senator John McCain has been diagnosed with brain cancer. More here. 2. Trump says
In today\u2019s world, killing civilians \u2014 or publicly acknowledging these deaths, at any rate \u2014 is somehow morally iffy.
Only stupid people say torture works \u2014 and one of them is sitting in the White House.
Across the United States, people are posting on Facebook, emailing, or tweeting their support for Arizona Senator John McCain
Conservatives have a deep affinity for authoritarianism.
Precision warfare? Don't make me laugh.
Stateline home page Sign up for exclusive state policy reporting and research For decades, police have kept silent about
Donald Trump is the child of Marshall McLuhan and proves him right every day.
Australians know about America\u2019s police violence problem. But this week, America\u2019s problem became Australia\u2019s problem, too.
Trump told The New York Times it was \extremely unfair\ Sessions had recused himself from the Russia probe.
The new Pew survey on gun owners contains a very interesting section on how gun owners and nonowners agree and disagree about
All 20 members of the committee voted to advance the nomination.
Today\u2019s topics include
Apparently they hope wavering Republican senators can't do basic math.
If federal funding has strings attached that incentivize privatization, we\u2019re in big trouble.
He said information the committee was seeking would be \useless.\
Middle East carriers have blamed Trump\u2019s travel restrictions for a downturn in demand on U.S routes.
Often, the few truths of Trump\u2019s public statements are the ones that come out as asides, when he speaks off the cuff and off-script.
He\u2019s obnoxious, even to them. His administration is a mess. But they ignore all that to get what they want.
The president called such a line of inquiry a \violation.\
But he sends \well wishes\ to the senator newly diagnosed with brain cancer.
He said the backlash was due in part to \poor\ and \lazy\ reporting.
The new rule bars financial companies from blocking consumers who wish to file class-action lawsuits.
Russia and voter disenfranchisement got little mention.
\u201cDid she accurately disclose her own foreign contacts in her initial filing, which reports suggest may be numerous?\u201d
The brief order said its decision is temporary.
State law bars many from turning over data.
Bullies gonna bully.
Kobach is leading Trump's voter fraud investigation, created after the president claimed illegal voting cost him the popular vote.
\Sorry you have to put up with this,\ Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) said.
The layoffs come as the White House celebrates \Made in America\ week.
Walter Shaub continues to warn that Trump has created, at minimum, \the appearance of profiting from the presidency.\
Word is that Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin held a second, undisclosed, private conversation on July 7, during the final
\u201cNo harm\u201d is not enough for the administration that promised to cure the injury that international trade inflicted on workers.
Short of a single-payer system, here are three ways we could greatly improve both the availability and the affordability of health insurance.
They're waging a legislative battle on two fronts with no compromise in sight.
And nearly everyone hates Mitch McConnell.
There\u2019s just so much going on all the time. Ugh. 1. A new, huge abuse allegation has been made against the Catholic church
Trump's rise has created an ideological vacuum in modern conservatism.
In 2012, the bin Ali Jaber family gathered in Khashamir, Yemen, for a wedding celebration. Ahmed Salem bin Ali Jaber\u00a0(Salem
Manafort and Trump Jr. will testify in public, while Kushner will testify in a closed-door session.
Counting down the week\u2019s 10 most disgraceful figures in the Trump administration Republic Report,\u00a0which\u00a0focuses\u00a0on how money
Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Charillon, Universit\u00e9 Clermont Auvergne The Franco-American alliance needs no introduction, but oblige me for a
NARAL is pressuring five GOP senators to help sink John Bush\u2019s nomination.
An uncertain road ahead for the GOP
The case for bipartisan action just got stronger.
It\u2019s part of a \u201clifelong crusade against racism,\u201d Tom Horne testified Tuesday.
By Deepak Pateriya and Dorian Warren There has already been a lot of talk among pundits this year about the potential for
\u201cLook, he wants to remain a senator, doesn\u2019t he?\u201d the president said of Sen. Dean Heller (R-Nev.), who is up for re-election next year.
Has he delivered?
What can we take from this victory?
And insurance premiums would double over the next decade.
If you can't drain the swamp ... join it?
The Weekly Standard editor wanted a #NeverTrump candidate. And he nearly got one.
The former vice president blamed the \u201cmorass\u201d surrounding Obamacare passage in 2009 for tanking a cap-and-trade bill that would have curbed pollution.
91 Americans died of opioid overdoses the same day.
The blueprint would also set the stage for a Republican-only repeal of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law.
He's famed climatologist James Hansen, whose new research strengthens the case for climate action.
Sabotage or bipartisanship? The choice is apparently difficult.
There are a few reasons that party leaders already threw out \repeal-and-delay\ plans.
Mitch McConnell is not pleased.
The president does not seem to understand the health care system he says he wants to overhaul.
DOJ says \there is insufficient evidence to prove that the officers\u2019 uses of deadly force were objectively unreasonable\ in the shooting death of James Boyd.
\To destroy a healthcare system that works is the height of irresponsibility.\
And more of the latest polling news.
\We picked up 45,000 mining jobs,\u201d the president claimed.
From the president who loves to win.
Ike Kaveladze, who was implicated in a money laundering scheme in 2000, attended the meeting as a representative of the Agalarov family.
\u201cMr. Kobach has repeatedly claimed, falsely, that widespread voter fraud exists.\
\u201cThey\u2019re going to have to go home and explain why they used to be for [repeal] and now they\u2019re no longer for it,\ one senator said.
Republicans have been vowing for seven years to gut the Affordable Care Act. They still don't have the votes to do it.
\A lot of people will \ud83d\udc80 because of your \ud83d\udc8a\ud83d\udc89 plan \ud83d\udc7b\
The encounter was previously undisclosed.
People tend to fall in love with their characters and not their values.
The first signs of slippage among the President's most crucial voters suggest even they've got Trump fatigue. We're not there
It is now six months since Donald Trump took office, and it has been an almost endless car wreck of a presidency. We breathlessly
China\u2019s global aspirations should be no surprise. For centuries, it has seen itself as a civilization apart. Inevitably, Western
The Fake News Pledge has now been signed by seven state lawmakers, all Democrats
Bye-bye Trumpcare! 1. Trumpcare is dead! The GOP are still working to repeal Obamacare, but with a two-year buffer to come
According to health policy expert Daniel E. Dawes, \u201cThe Senate bill is an even meaner bill than the House bill.\u201d Dawes (who
In Washington DC, the country is at a state of unease due to the fact that a higher percentage of Americans think President
The House Budget Committee has just rolled out a first pass at a new federal budget titled Building a Better America. People
Yes they are. They\u2019re well on their way to global domination. They\u2019re not even aware that it is the endgame of their ideology
The president is reneging on campaign promises while undercutting his voters' livelihoods.
We now have a list of 29 lawmakers who are on the record as supporters of banning grandmas from America.
But it could come back in another form. Like a zombie.
The latest GOP health care plan will lead to substantial cost increases for women.
If confirmed, Huntsman will head to Moscow as Congress and a special counsel investigate Russian meddling in the election.
By all means, bring true conservatives to campus, but not these attention-seeking agitators.
The former Oklahoma attorney general is under investigation for misleading Congress about his emails.
After weeks of wooing colleagues, the Senate majority leader has abandoned his bill.
The GOP dream is still alive...if barely.
The president\u2019s \u201cAmerica First\u201d vision is colliding with employers' interests \u2014 and lots of lobbying.
Multiple demonstrators were arrested.
John Bush and Damien Schiff \would cause grave harm\ to LGBTQ people and women, reads a new letter to senators.
Donald Trump gets low marks from the public for his temperament.
Details are flying thick and fast \u2014 almost as fast as Donald Trump Jr. changes his story. But most of the coverage misses an essential point.
Does any Republican want to just kill this thing?
\u201cThe past is never dead. It\u2019s not even past.\u201d \u00a0William Faulkner In March 1865, as the Civil War approached its fiery end
The latest polls have President Trump\u2019s approval rating at a dismal 36 percent. That is the lowest rating any president has
As we approach six months into Donald Trump's administration, I'm increasingly disgusted how political leaders and media
Plugging batteries into the electrical grid may be the solution states are looking for to meet their renewable energy goals
It\u2019s the news, whether you like it or not. 1.\u00a0\u201cDoctor Who\u201d finally got on the diversity train, casting Jodie Whittaker as
Donald Trump\u2019s road to debacle in the greater Middle East.
Forty years after the torrid summer of 1977 brought a massive blackout, New Yorkers confront a different kind of powerlessness.
This must be what\u2019s called an \u201cirony of history.\u201d Donald J. Trump, leading offender of Western civilization, just tried to
In the most recent Washington Post public opinion poll, only a little over a third of the respondents (36 percent) approve
We need to acknowledge that incarceration is very much a women\u2019s issue.
The president and his family have relied heavily on foreign manufacturing.
Our students are not able to realize their full potential because we are not giving them the tools to get there.
Go figure.
Six months of near daily falsehoods are making it tough for the White House to get people to believe what it says.
Even if Trump is impeached, the battle is won but not the war.
The Emmy Award-winning series premiered its seventh season on Sunday.
We should be \u201ccolluding\u201d more, not less.
U.S. election laws never contemplated a foreign power inventing fake news and spreading it on the internet to influence an election.
Who was at the meeting?
Only two GOP senators publicly oppose the bill. A third would table it -- but no one has come forth yet.
\This isn\u2019t for me. I\u2019m going to be dead. It\u2019s for you,\ Gov. Jerry Brown urged ahead of the vote.
The Trump administration reportedly took issue with a Politico reporter's article.
Some day, we will get universal health care with no income tests in America. But first, the Democrats will have to resolve to lead.
Should insurance providers be regulated?
Worked before, right?
Sekulow\u2019s non-denial denial sounds more like an admission.
McCain\u2019s absence cast doubt on whether the Senate would be able to pass the legislation to replace Obamacare.
According to two sources familiar with Secret Service protocols, the lawyer's characterization of the agency is misleading.
The Senate and House bills would set back the quality of care for us all.
It\u2019s more important to call out hate groups that operate in the mainstream than those that operate at the fringes.
The president's campaign committee paid his son's defense attorney before The New York Times published its big story.
Jay Sekulow largely stuck to familiar talking points in defending the president, including lashing out at James Comey.
Around 200 of the letters were reportedly distributed in error.
Many Americans subscribe to the annoying belief that our nation\u2019s military-industrial complex is the surest way to remain
The Justice Department asked the Supreme Court to block a ruling that prevented the travel ban from being applied to grandparents and refugees already being processed.
The law office was paid more than a week before revelations that Trump Jr. had met with a Russian lawyer during the campaign.
\Surreal. It is real, exactly what happened.\
A surprise in the fine print of the new Senate bill.
Flint and its water crisis offer a case study in the program's value to children.
Days after Donald Trump Jr. reportedly received documents aiding his father's campaign, hackers linked to Russian intelligence released similar material.
The group has yet to talk to Obama's former drug czar.
When our group of pipeline opponents goes to Washington this week to call on senators to reject Donald Trump\u2019s nominees to
Ten days before Donald Trump was inaugurated, Republic Report wrote about Jamie Gorelick, the Democratic power lawyer and
In normal political crises, everyone waits for \the other shoe to drop.\ The Russia/Trump scandal was upgraded earlier this
A week ago, a pro-Israel media monitoring group accused me of making \u201can unsubstantiated charge that Israel supporters are
Donald Trump Jr.\u2019s email communication and subsequent meeting with a lawyer connected to the Russian government constitute
In addition, the executive vice president and CEO of the NRA identified the academic, political, and media elite to be America\u2019s
The industry sounds just as angry as the patient advocates.
Sens. Susan Collins and Rand Paul keep rejecting Obamacare repeal bills -- for very different reasons.
Democrats Ruben Gallego and Ted Lieu also read Trump Jr.'s emails into the congressional record.
Ty Cobb will serve as special counsel at the White House.
\That's what we call #fakenews,\ Gov. John Kasich's spokesman said.
According to the disclosure forms, Trump\u2019s presidential campaign gave the payment to Futerfas\u2019 law firm more than a week before the story ran.
Kris Kobach sought to make it acceptable to impose a proof-of-citizenship requirement, according to newly public emails.
Newly released documents related to its Rover pipeline give weight to critics who call Energy Transfer Partners a \u201cwolf in sheep\u2019s clothing.\u201d
The former president collapsed while working at the Winnipeg construction site for Habitat for Humanity
Adding guns to an already violent situation creates the potential for disaster.
The GOP still doesn't appear to have the votes.
Ready for a challenge?
C'mon, dude,
U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson granted Hawaii\u2019s request to exempt grandparents and other relatives from the ban.
He even once invented a friend, Jim, to hammer his point home.
Peter Smith killed himself in May.
Revisions won't spare low-income Americans from serious losses of coverage.
\u201cThere\u2019s not really a general right to be free from being told to f**k off, particularly in electronic communications,\u201d says one expert.
It's the latest development in a contentious legal battle over government-sponsored religion and prayer.
The Russian-American was accused of orchestrating a cyberattack against a Russian mining company a few years ago.
\u201cI wish that he would get them out of the way so that we could have a professional staff at the White House on policy issues,\ said Rep. Bill Flores.
\u201cIf you want to be president, realize it\u2019s about the people, not about you,\ Clinton says.
\This was not a 'potential' conflict of interest but an actual one \u2014 a conflict on which Kushner acted.\
The same commission that published the information has promised to protect sensitive voter information.
With two years of successful implementation in the books, Washington should be celebrating the anniversary of a historic
\You really should have thought about wording a little more on this one \ud83d\ude02\
Kris Kobach said it could just be a \political stunt.\
We must reject the politics of meanness and contempt that increasingly dominate our airwaves.
It\u2019s Pandemonium Day, an annual celebration of chaos and disorder. Seems about right. Here\u2019s the news... 1. Continuing to
Today, the U.S. House of Representatives overwhelmingly approved two amendments to the National Defense Authorization Act
Monger was featured in a Healthier Colorado advertisement opposing the U.S. Senate\u2019s bill to replace Obamacare.
\u201cThe most important human endeavor is the striving for morality in our actions. Our inner balance and even our very existence
Access to health care is a fundamental human right
Long-shot candidates running for office is something that should be celebrated, not scorned.
Expanding Social Security would help everyone.
It is time for real change.
By Tim Henderson In 44 states, jobs paying roughly $30,000 were among those that got the largest salary bumps since 2010
By Dorian Warren When Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and his Republican buddies in the Senate released the latest
Donald Trump told Christian Broadcasting Network Founder, Pat Robertson, in an interview, that \u201cHe thinks Putin would actually
The Trump administration has quietly axed $213.6 million in teen pregnancy prevention programs and research at more than
Trump Jr.'s attorney told NBC News that his client hadn't been aware of the lobbyist's background at the time of the meeting.
President Donald Trump scolds the duo in Barry Blitt's illustration.
They did not hold back.
\u201cI feel like I have very good aim,\u201d said one House Republican.
But still plan on voting next week.
Christopher Wray indicated that support from FBI agents and federal prosecutors led him to accept the nomination to replace James Comey.
The new requirements are the latest in a series of steps the Trump administration says it is taking to better protect the U.S. from terrorist attack.
Death comes for us all
Meme alert.
But it appears to have done little to change minds about the administration's Russia ties.
\People start to take these conspiracy theories and turn them into reality,\u201d a Democratic spokesman said.
It's not.
\It is time to stop cloaking your greed in religious language.\
GOP leaders are working to convince reluctant senators just to open debate on the bill.
President Donald Trump said he would be \very angry\ if Republicans fail to pass a health care bill.
\I've often wondered what it felt like to live through Watergate.\
Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-R.I.) said the \temperature is climbing\ among Republicans in Congress.
The McDonnell v. U.S. decision limited what prosecutors can charge as public corruption.
Big Medicaid cuts and weakened protections for people with pre-existing conditions remain at its heart.
If you have medical problems, this proposal probably won't be good for you.
The House bill would require at least two on-camera briefings a week.
What happens in the Senate in the next month could be pivotal for Republicans. They\u2019ll either chalk up some legislative victories
America\u2019s quadrennial ordeal to pick a president is like a very long job interview. The political parties sort through the
Unions have been declining for decades, largely as a result of onerous requirements legislated by Republicans.
He sees nothing wrong with his meeting with the Russian lawyer.
States advertise, tweak lotteries to keep the money pouring in. By Elaine S. Povich With lottery proceeds flat or declining
On June 16, 2017, President Donald Trump announced his new Cuba policy in a speech in Miami, declaring that he was \u201ccanceling
The temptation for Democrats to jump into Russiagate is as strong as it is dangerous.
The nation that is most capable of inflicting a genuine doomsday scenario on the world is also the one best prepared to ride out such an event.
What might Trump have agreed to do for Putin? What might Putin have agreed to do for Trump in return?
Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com My childhood was a nuclear one and I\u2019m not talking about the nuclear family. I\u2019m thinking
This latest defense is as disgraceful as the Trump team itself.
Many or most poor people can work and should contribute to pay for insurance.
On a recent radio show, New York City Mayor Bill DeBlasio said he wished panhandling didn\u2019t exist. I agree. But I also wish
President Trump arrived in Paris this morning to a \u201creception extraordinaire\u201d from newly elected French President Emmanuel
When New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie lounged on a closed public beach it was symbolic of his governing style. If you have
We know the Trump administration is not below lying to the public.
The Trump administration has a history of twisting the facts on immigration policies.
Last month, Mexico co-convened the Conference on Prosperity and Security in Central America with the U.S. Department of State
If Medicaid is cut, as proposed in the bills, between 305,000 and 713,000 home care workers will lose their jobs.
Guess which countries boycotted negotiations to ban nuclear weapons.
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke will recommend no changes be made to Idaho\u2019s Craters of the Moon and Washington\u2019s Hanford Reach National Monuments.
And what the president has to say about it.
Judge Mark Goldsmith said the individuals could be targeted for attacks in Iraq.
Jay Sekulow said this Tuesday was the first time Trump saw the emails arranging the meeting.
\u201cYou can\u2019t shrug this off even though you know he\u2019s very likely going to be okay.\
\Bit of a Freudian slip over at Fox today.\
They say state law bars officials from releasing even limited public information.
About 50,000 refugees have been resettled. Not many more are likely to make it in.
Mallinckrodt was accused of supplying distributors with increasingly excessive amounts of oxycodone without notifying the DEA of suspicious orders.
The president is violating their First Amendment rights, they argue.
You wouldn't want Paul Ryan to rush to judgment!
The report comes one day after Donald Trump Jr. released emails detailing plans for his meeting with a Kremlin-linked lawyer.
\We could not be prouder of this delegation of young women who are also scientists,\ a U.S. official said.
One Democratic senator says he should resign from his White House post, another suggests he should lose his security clearance.
The president's son has been accused of colluding with Russia.
But her emails...
The White House needs a copyeditor -- and a better argument.
Excessive water and heat account for 40 percent of fluctuations in yearly wheat supplies, and other crops are at risk, too.
At this time in history it may serve us well to reflect on the tortuous past, the harrowing present and the unpredictable
The bad news
The first day of the confab was marred by sparring between U.S. partner nations reacting to mixed messages from the Trump administration.
Why is the nation that used to pride itself on its \u201ccan-do\u201d spirit, being told, \u201cNo, we can\u2019t\u201d?
The U.S. military is beginning to embrace yoga as a means of treating Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, Stephanie Lopez, a
It would unfairly discriminate against poorer communities who can\u2019t necessarily pay more for faster internet access.
If you believe in a free and open internet, join us in this protest.
Coastal states, counties and cities, including several with Trump properties, are already grappling with the threat of rising ocean levels.
For more than a decade now, much has been written about the increasing polarization and the tremendous philosophical and
The threat of more frequent and more intense natural disasters linked to climate change is forcing cities and states to change
The fight over protecting the Internet has only gotten more intense after the Inauguration of Donald Trump and appointment
Not factoring climate into infrastructure improvements is a waste of taxpayer dollars, plain and simple.
It is time for an urgent clarion call. Given the retrograde pits inhabited by our ruling politicians and the avaricious over
But his emails. 1. The saga of the health care bill continues. Mitch McConnell is set to offer a new draft of the Republican
The email Trump ally Rob Goldstone sent to Donald Trump, Jr.
President Donald Trump's attacks on the free press continue.
Warning
The president believes otherwise.
Counting down the week's 10 most disgraceful figures in the Trump administration.
For a start, stop lying.
Another map won't help if you don't know where you're headed.
\u201cI think many people would have held that meeting,\u201d the president said.
Here's how it involved the Miss Universe pageant.
Looks like lawmakers will be in D.C. a while longer.
After days of silence, the president mustered only a few words of tepid praise for Donald Trump Jr.
A new website tells the stories of constituents from 12 districts whose representatives voted for the House health care bill.
\That's overblown,\ said Sen. Orrin Hatch.
Does he have a plan here?
Climate change could make the problem much worse.
Natalia Veselnitskaya says she never promised or had damaging intel on Clinton, but it's possible Trump Jr. heard what he wanted to.
The president's son tweeted out an email exchange showing him arranging a meeting with a Russian lawyer during the 2016 campaign.
\Nothing is proven yet, but we\u2019re now beyond obstruction of justice in terms of what\u2019s being investigated.\u201d
Customs and Border Protection officials said they booted the researcher and his family for reasons unrelated to President Donald Trump's travel ban.
A journalist turned publicist, an Azerbaijani pop singer, a Kremlin-linked lawyer and a GOP presidential candidate's son. The connections of campaign 2016.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said the Senate will soon vote on a bill to roll back Obamacare.
In polling this year, opinions have remained staunchly partisan.
The Russia probe is a boon to the legal profession.
Love it!
\This starts to look like open, knowing collusion with the Russian government.\
The advice of Deep Throat -- or \u0413\u043b\u0443\u0431\u043e\u043a\u0430\u044f \u0433\u043b\u043e\u0442\u043a\u0430 -- still applies, and the special counsel knows it.
A new analysis breaks down the benefits in the Senate's health care bill.
The American people have the impression that the Muslim ban has been defeated, but in reality, visa officials have been carrying it out \u2013 administratively \u2013 for over a month.
The silence is deafening.
Cross-posted from\u00a0TomDispatch.com Dystopian, yes. Unimaginable, no. In fact, a version of our present moment was imagined
Donny boy, Donny boy. Ya blew it. 1. The cop who killed Philando Castile is getting $48,500 to leave the force. How much
Here's my list of key questions for Gardner. Please add yours in the comment section. What\u2019s the highest number of people
I found it odd when our former and current intelligence chiefs were pressed at congressional hearings to answer whether they
Talking about this epidemic is not saving lives.
The key to reducing physical pain is not just providing essential health benefits but also reducing economic inequality and uncertainty.
There may well be lessons to be learned from watching progressive politics in the UK.
So-called conservatism has been reduced to a yawp of protest without principle, catering to an oppressive foreign power which attacked our democracy.
The Human Rights Campaign is investing $26 million in supporting pro-equality candidates and \resisting the politics of hate.\
He reportedly sparked the committee's interest after reports he met with a Kremlin-linked lawyer after being promised damaging information on Hillary Clinton.
\I miss all of you,\ he said during the World Petroleum Congress.
The president's ratings for his policy provisions and implementation are only modestly better.
Sure, DJ, sure.
The group says the president's commission to investigate voter fraud is violating a federal transparency law.
\I fear that it\u2019s going to fail.\u201d
Never mind?
Trump hired Alan Futerfas to represent him in connection with Russia-related investigations.
An official wants states to wait until a judge making a ruling in a lawsuit against the committee.
Trump\u2019s allies have defended Trump Jr. since news of the meeting broke Sunday.
School newspaper reporter Teddy Fischer interviewed the defense secretary for 45 minutes.
Politically, it could be their least-bad option.
\Campaigns of all stripes collect dirt on opponents,\ said CNN commentator Jeffrey Lord.
When Donald Trump shoots spitballs at CNN and other \u201cenemy\u201d media, it\u2019s both a bonding ritual and an intimidation gambit
Campaign finance laws forbid the solicitation of anything of value from a foreign national.
Over the next few years, GSS added questions about pornography and sexual activity with someone other than one\u2019s spouse. NORC
Tuberculosis finally got some high-level political attention in this year's G-20 Leaders' Declaration.
Facing his own controversy, Trump couldn't resist a dig at the Clintons.
Trump's trade policy is a menace, but not for the reasons many people think.
The Trump presidency has brought into focus just how ugly American politics has become. Of course, our politics have had
Dear Congresswoman Lee
Trump\u2019s Sunday morning tweet is more consistent with Lavrov\u2019s readout than it is with the story that he \u201cconfronted\u201d Putin.
In Poland, Trump was speaking words of ethnic nationalism. They are words that could describe many countries. But not America.
Disclaimer
How they blind us to our troubles.
\u201cThe news is real. The president is fake.\u201d 1. Donald Trump Jr. met with a Russian lawyer during the 2016 presidential campaign
Congress\u2019 latest effort to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act has a clear message for the American people
And why the trial judge should dismiss the complaint
Not long after midnight on Wednesday morning, Miosotis Familia was murdered for being a cop. Alexander Bonds walked up to
The government argues that the jury that convicted a Code Pink protester may have believed her laugh \was a deliberate disruption\u201d and \u201cintentional.\u201d
\u201cSenior presidential campaign officials don\u2019t take meetings with nameless people.\
\u201cI am sure that Vladimir Putin could be of enormous assistance in that effort \u2015 since he\u2019s doing the hacking,\u201d Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) said on CBS\u2019 \u201cFace the Nation.\u201d
The meeting just came to light on Saturday.
In a Sunday morning tweetstorm, Trump pledged to \move forward\ with Russia, yet continued to re-litigate past issues and assail \fake news.\
The White House chief of staff appears to be doing early damage control.
Hats off to him.
GOP statehouses around the country are blocking local progressive policies through \preemption\ laws. Missouri may be the most glaring case yet.
The group was guarded by scores of police and outnumbered by hundreds of counter-protesters who waved signs denouncing racism.
Both Axios and Fox News reported that the White House strategist is pushing to increase top tax rates to 40 percent.
States are rebelling, a commissioner resigned and the panel is facing legal scrutiny.
The younger Trump initially claimed the meeting with Kremlin-linked lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya was simply to discuss an adoption program.
She was reportedly concerned her first ballot would be changed to a vote for Hillary Clinton.
Donald Trump Jr. said the meeting was to discuss an adoption program.
The mayor also said someone is \leaking top secret information.\
Melvin Goodman has more than four decades of experience working in American intelligence, including 24 years at the CIA, where
This was an act of unwarranted aggression by police. There was no need to drag people out of the building.
More than 150 people died of heroin- or fentanyl-related overdoses in Butler County last year.
I first learned about Sadie Butler in the early 2000\u2019s when I sent away for the Catholic Diocesan records of my paternal
The House Appropriations Committee unexpectedly passed an amendment to the Department of Defense Appropriations bill last
We progressives are facing difficult days as we watch the dismal failings of the Trump administration and the hateful machinations
Sometimes, even when reading professional journalism, you have to connect the dots on your own. This week both the president
While, as president, Donald Trump has worked to cultivate a relationship with Arab leaders, the antipathy towards Arabs and
William Morva\u00a0was executed by the state of Virginia last Thursday. He became the 14th\u00a0person to be executed this year\u00a0and
\I never expected to see more withdrawals in a day than new registrations,\ one election official said.
\Everybody knows Russia meddled in our elections,\ the U.N. ambassador said.
\Wrong on so many levels.\
Businesses in two states are giving vouchers for AR-15s when you buy a roof.
\Oh my God, it is Obama,\ she thought.
Maryland Democrat Donna Edwards revealed that she has multiple sclerosis.
Back in 2013, as a newspaper columnist for the Los Angeles Times here in Huntington Beach California, I took up a cause. For
A year and a half before the general election, a primary is raising tough questions for progressive activists.
Years after the military used Drowning Pool music in interrogations, the band was invited to play a 4th of July show.
The Pennsylvania senator said many of his Republican colleagues felt the same way.
During the monument's 1911 dedication, a speaker called the black race \ignorant and inferior.\
Imagine a world where the public gets to enjoy the same beaches as Gov. Chris Christie!
\u201cDude, get your head in the game. You\u2019re representing the US at the G20.\u201d
\Every day that passes is a day when our government is turning away human beings \u2014 from newborn children to elderly grandparents.\
A judge rejected Hawaii\u2019s bid to exempt grandparents from President Trump\u2019s temporary travel ban.
\They keep changing their story about what they\u2019re collecting, what they\u2019re releasing and how they\u2019re storing it.\u201d
The agency says it\u2019s important to prepare for extreme heat. Meanwhile, administrator Scott Pruitt doesn\u2019t believe carbon dioxide is driving climate change.
The FBI and DHS have said there is \no indication of a threat to public safety.\
Then he said he was looking forward to meeting Russian President Vladimir Putin.
\ud83c\udfa4 No one knows what it's like to be the bad man to be the sad man \ud83c\udfa4
\It was OK to touch the surface,\ NASA said Friday. \We were going to clean it anyway.\
Can you beat last week's score?
There is considerable overlap between states that expanded Medicaid through the ACA and states that have been hit hardest by the opioid crisis.
Get it?
Hey, what could go wrong?
To say that actions of the current president of the United States are troubling is an understatement. His thin skin and inability
by Sarah Bryner \u00a0 267 former aides who worked for four congressional committees pivotal in approving new health care legislation
As we recently marked President John F. Kennedy\u2019s 100th birthday, we must remember the late president\u2019s vision for our nation
Earlier this year, economist Dean Baker penned a column in HuffPost arguing that the Affordable Care Act \u2013 a.k.a., \u201cObamacare
BOSTON \u2014 The Trump administration Thursday assured American voters once again of its outright desire to disassemble democracy
It appears that Trump did indeed raise the subject but fell far short of \u201cconfronting\u201d Putin with it.
By Paul Waldman This article originally appeared at The American Prospect. Subscribe here. Beware Democrats
It is unfathomable to me that week after week I must continue to defend the Medicaid program that for more than 50 years
In an attempt to disrupt the power grid.
Police said 15 people were arrested after they allegedly blocked medics from responding to a call in the building.
The proposal has been met with opposition from police groups in the state.
There is no need to engage in too much geopolitical strategizing, intelligence analysis, or weapons capability calculations.
\Now that's a President!\
Certainly not Donald Trump.
They have plenty of company elsewhere in the world.
A lawyer for the plaintiffs accused the department of siding with \racists.\
\u201cTo be honest with you, I\u2019m not hopeful,\ William Perry said.
Sen. Pat Toomey (R-Pa.) continues to take heat from his constituents for his support for the bill.
The state needs \a senator they can trust to be an independent voice standing up to President Trump, not his enabler,\ she says.
The GOP whip had been previously upgraded to \fair condition\ and moved out of the ICU.
Since the fall of communism in 1989, every American president visiting Warsaw has stopped at the site.
He'd make up the budget shortfall with such salary donations in about ... 3,750 years.
\u201cOur options are this or a financial meltdown.\
It's still all about cutting taxes, slashing Medicaid and returning junk insurance to the market.
She said the scandal comes down to a misunderstanding of a legal term.
It's the latest move in the Trump administration's push for \energy dominance.\
\u201cAmerica should have the right to know what the motivations of its leaders are,\ Walter Shaub Jr. told CBS News.
DeVos froze a rule that would help forgive the student debt of people defrauded by for-profit institutions.
Here are the options he's considering.
The White House is facing a series of bad options.
The president meets with Vladimir Putin, the guy U.S. intelligence agencies agree wanted him, not Hillary Clinton, in the White House.
The Kansan says he awaits the rewrite that's underway.
\u201cI know President Trump is trying to get out of the Paris agreement, but he doesn\u2019t speak for the rest of America,\ said California Gov. Jerry Brown.
\Nobody really knows for sure,\u201d he said, despite the conclusion of U.S. intelligence agencies.
Many also took aim at lawmakers for not holding town halls to face constituents' questions on the health care bill.
\Your complete lack of care, concern and compassion for anyone but yourself fits perfectly with your obnoxious and bullying personality.\
\ud83d\ude2c\ud83d\ude2c\ud83d\ude2c
The president will meet with Russian leader Vladimir Putin during his trip.
Maryland is one of only 15 states and Washington, D.C., that fund a unified statewide medical examiner system to ensure that
America is ready to move forward with the ACA. Why is Congress holding us back?
They also don\u2019t like his policies.
The good news is that the American people aren\u2019t buying the gun lobby\u2019s lies.
During the last election, Donald Trump claimed that he would have won the popular vote had millions of illegals not voted
Every real problem this country \u2014 and this planet \u2014 faces is replaced by a fantasy problem, which all the powers of government
The Saudi-American-Iranian-Russian-Qatari-Syrian conundrum.
Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com Every now and then something lodges in your memory and seems to haunt you forever.\u00a0 In
A tune was running through my head all this past Fourth of July weekend, and it wasn\u2019t \u201cI\u2019m a Yankee Doodle Dandy.\u201d No, the
By Thomas Kennedy Driving without a license can be a daily nerve wracking experience for a lot of undocumented immigrants
His praise of their increasingly authoritarian president was a shocking display of cluelessness.
I have a friend named Dave LaGuercia who happens at the moment to be in a Boston hospital for a second round of surgery \u2013 let\u2019s
I reject this dichotomy -- this false idea that Democrats are all good and Republicans are all bad.
The federal income tax has had several consequences, some intended and some not. It has achieved the primary goal of those
Party leaders have positioned themselves to portray just about any concession from Trump in bilateral talks as a corrupt payoff.
Here are President Trump's options going forward.
Kansas' secretary of state blames \media distortions\ for how his commission has been received.
A Pentagon spokesman said the Pyongyang had fired a new type of missile.
\u201cI said, you want to be careful how you go at this because election officials are very sensitive guardians of this information.\
Impeachment
An Indiana Republican Party\u2019s Facebook post requesting \u201chorror stories\u201d surrounding the Affordable Care Act (ACA) has provided
One of President Donald Trump\u2019s less admirable qualities is his warm regard for foreign dictators. They don\u2019t have to be
Imagine that tomorrow morning, a couple of million people from every nation on Earth woke up on a giant island and were told
During his campaign for the presidency, Donald Trump touted his nationalist \u201cAmerica First\u201d foreign policy, which implied
Getting to 50 votes should be a means not an end. The end should be an improved health care bill that benefits all Americans.
Small towns in some Western and Southern states are booming, as fast-growing metro areas start to swallow up outlying towns
President Trump\u2019s Travel Ban has now made it to the docket of the U.S. Supreme Court. And fifty-eight Members of Congress
It would be unwise to militarize this tragedy.
Much as Fidel Castro did throughout the 20th century, the FAR is now well positioned to capitalise on being under US attack
The news is back with a vengeance after the long weekend. Read at your own risk. 1. NPR tweeted out the Declaration of Independence
Supporting the United Nations is both a moral imperative and aligned with our own national security interests.
It\u2019s the most important deal Trump will ever make, and he\u2019d better make it fast.
I am tired of hearing people say the drug war is not about race. Every day, we admit this war is about race without saying
On July 4, the day in which Americans celebrate its independence from England, a celebration of freedom for most, I decided
The Western Conservative Summit bills itself as the \u201clargest gathering of conservatives outside of Washington, D.C.,\u201d \u00a0drawing
Labour\u2019s massive support among younger voters also meant they depended far more than the Conservatives on infrequent voters
There's not a lot America can do to halt North Korean missile technology progress. This would be true no matter who is in the White House.
So much for that 3-day week...
He has, however, named an ambassador to the Bahamas.
There\u2019s something pretty big missing from her argument.
This post first appeared at BillMoyers.com By Gail Ablow In this \u201cMaking Change\u201d video, we profile 35-year-old Nick Tilsen
Thousands of people replied with how the ACA has helped them.
Rep. Clay Higgins called for \invincible\ military while in death chamber.
That didn't go the way she probably thought it would.
People aren't happy with how this story unfolded.
\u201cI find this request repugnant,\u201d Maryland's attorney general said.
The Kansas secretary of state violated the Hatch Act, they say.
Independence Day is all about freedom, including freedom of the press.
Goodbye, hope and change. Hello, God help us all.
North Korea said on Tuesday it had successfully test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile for the first time.
Lawmakers said a new budget was a \win for everyone.\
Bipartisan furor has stalled a controversial election initiative.
\This is something quite different.\
It would seem that no one is angrier at the white working class than the Republicans in Congress.
For a moment, I thought I had read it incorrectly. Our president tweeted, \u201cIf we can help little #CharlieGard, as per our
What are we to make of our nation as we celebrate 241 years of Independence?
Health care is not a privilege based on age, gender, ability, or income. Health care is a basic human right.
Commit to building relationships with \u201cthem.\u201d
Those in power want to curtail our freedom and independence, by cutting back on our health care and our basic economic security.
Happy Independence Day! 1. Forty-one states have refused Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach\u2019s request for voter information
The split among partisans, though, is dramatic.
By Shawn Parry-Giles, University of Maryland & David Kaufer, Carnegie Mellon University During the 2016 Republican presidential
\This environment is the creation of the man in the White House,\ says Jared Yates Sexton.
\u201cWin The Future\u201d is drawing criticism as a tone-deaf attempt to reshape the Democratic Party.
As Gettysburg re-enacted the Civil War this July 4th weekend, veterans of today's wars sought help.
At one ceremony, a Democratic senator aims a not-so-veiled jab at Donald Trump.
They plan to meet at the at the G20 summit this week.
Can't argue with that poll finding.
\I am sure they will get a Pulitzer for this one,\ the New Jersey governor said Monday.
Ouch.
The Supreme Court justice apparently has told some people he's considering stepping down from the bench.
Charlie Gard is set to be taken off life support after a lengthy court battle.
The former federal prosector and met with Trump about a week ago, the source says.
The court ruled against a new version of the law that makes it even easier for shooters to claim self-defense.
Outrage was swift.
Any truthful way to say it will sound worse than ghastly
This column was first published by Truthdig.com. The biggest story coming from the Supreme Court these days doesn\u2019t concern
\u201cI don\u2019t know if it\u2019s fair.\
Some of the fireworks we can expect to see in Washington, D.C. soon will have nothing to do with the Fourth of July. They
Video produced by Cristina Rayas, Center for Community Change Action By Dorian Warren Who wants to place a bet? How many
I live in a fairly posh area of America. \u00a0A place where people have vacation \u201ccottages\u201d with pools, a \u201cdestination\u201d place
\We love you, Hillary!\ the crowd called to the former presidential candidate.
The New Jersey governor gave the same message to beachgoers as Hurricane Irene approached in 2011.
\Trying to hold companies to standards that our current administration is not living up to was creating a cognitive dissonance that I could not overcome.\
That\u2019s the open-ended question a Quinnipiac poll asked Americans in May. The No. 1 answer
Twitter refuses to say if Trump's tweet violates its policies on harassment or incitement of violence because the account is \private.\
Previously published on Boston Globe. On the evidence of a lifetime, America\u2019s vice president is not a complex man. Instead
The New Jersey governor was photographed Sunday lounging on a beach that he closed to the public.
The president's not going to like these latest trending hashtags.
Is it that time of year already?
Take that, local decision-making.
The nations that have a culture and tradition of welcoming immigrants will be able to maintain a sense of dynamism, while those that shut off immigration will decline.
\u201cWe\u2019re at an impasse,\ according to one of the bill's leading conservative critics.
\u201cThe fake media tried to stop us from going to the White House. But I\u2019m president, and they\u2019re not.\u201d
States aren't just saying no to Trump's voter fraud commission, they're blasting it.
\ud83d\udc4a
\u201cThe White House judges nominees on the merits of their character and not on the clients they once represented as counsel
By Patrick Rooney, Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis The 30 percent of American taxpayers who itemize their
Since the political smear campaign of 2004, the term has come into common use.
Trump\u2019s treatment of the media has prompted press freedom groups to lower America\u2019s ranking in their global assessments of press freedom.
The \character and capability of this president are called into grave question,\ notes Watergate journalist.
We can\u2019t give into an \u201cus vs. them\u201d mentality.
Donald Trump\u2019s supporters are shaking like little schoolgirls afraid of the monster in the closet. Even while they point
The massive gathering was one of many impeachment marches across the country Sunday.
Reporters regularly receive threats of violence for doing their jobs.
\This is infinity here. It could be infinity. We don\u2019t really don\u2019t know. But it could be. It has to be something \u2014 but it could be infinity, right?\
Former staffers say the office's science division now has no employees.
\I get so frustrated when we get focused on tweets,\ says Sen. Bill Cassidy (R-La.).
His legacy now rests on repealing Obamacare.
The anti-fascists never came, but pro-Confederate protesters at the Civil War battlefield were still angry, and heavily armed.
During his raucous campaign rallies, Trump often incited protests and violence against reporters.
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis accepted a recommendation to defer transgender applicants until Jan. 1.
\u201cThe state is responsible for correcting the confusion that has wrongly disenfranchised voters for decades.\
\Trump ain't even Ernest Goes To Camp!!!\
Rhode Island could be the ninth state to enact the measure, which advocates say expands the right to vote.
Names, addresses and partial Social Security numbers are to be sent through a system lacking basic encryption protections, says Gizmodo.
Trump's idea comes flying back like a boomerang.
Journalists jostling for photos of Trump and South Korean President Moon Jae-In plowed into a table and lamp.
The Gulf crisis that pits Saudi Arabia and the UAE against Qatar is set to escalate with Doha certain to ignore Monday\u2019s
The message has been heard loudly round the world and already solidified by the highest court in our country.
The GOP is having a nasty family feud over the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program.
That\u2019s a doozy of a subheading, but we felt it was completely appropriate this week. It is a direct quote, from conservative
President Donald Trump\u2019s latest vicious personal attacks on Twitter are abusive, demeaning and shameful. \u00a0Yet the president
The president has insulted Mika Brzezinski's intelligence, again.
Thanks for the memories.
The White House insisted it was a neutral effort. Trump cast doubt on that.
The show of support appears to challenge Trump's claim of an unpopular former director.
Kris Kobach faces a fine and ACLU questioning over a brief he filed arguing why he shouldn't have to turn over documents from a Trump meeting.
The state is the fifth in the nation to reject prohibition in favor of legalizing, regulating and taxing marijuana for adult use.
The State Dept. concluded \u201cupon further review, fianc\u00e9s would now be included as close family members.\u201d
CREW says the Hatch Act prohibits the ambassador from using her office to sway an election.
Not even Kris Kobach, head of a presidential voter fraud commission, can vouch for Trump's baseless claim.
And Brzezinski's response.
Officials insist the goal is to better protect the undocumented children.
It's a presidential tweet, so take it seriously at your own risk.
State officials are refusing to disclose data the commission wants, sometimes pointing to their own laws.
The host was discussing Jared Kushner -- obviously without thinking.
The Trump administration has already rolled back government protections against discrimination.
Scientists, former agency officials and House Democrats fear the new program opens the door to more industry pseudoscience.
\u201cWhen our democracy is sick, we must be the healers,\u201d
And more of the latest polling news.
\Impossible is not a fact, it's an attitude.\
Ahead of the G20 summit, the German leader leaves no doubt about her commitment to the Paris pact.
Peter W. Smith reportedly sought to obtain hacked Clinton emails and pass them to Michael Flynn.
Ready for a challenge?
Trump's latest Tweets signify a departure from even superficial decorum and sympathy.
Insult is not argument.
We let you down. Bigly.
Few things in Washington are as sacrosanct as the unspoken rule to not disparage an opponent\u2019s character or family or to
By Christy Ford Chapin, University of Maryland, Baltimore County The Senate\u2019s health care proposal made it clear that Republicans
I have long thought there were two ways to interpret our national anthem, the Star Spangled Banner.\u00a0On the cusp of our Independence
Writing in\u00a0Politico,\u00a0Bruce Bartlett complains the Republican Party has lost its way because it has ceased to champion ideas
It\u2019s not unusual for firefighters and police officers to start their careers as apprentices. Some state agencies are also
Given the party's history, their latest objections to the Affordable Care Act are about politics, not principle.
We all know that the proposed GOP healthcare bill guts coverage to poor people by slashing Medicaid enormously by nearly
Protecting true American values and the rights of individuals will always be more important to me than the temporary success of my party.
ExxonMobil executives repeatedly claim their company supports a federal carbon tax and the Paris climate agreement. The company\u2019s
Let\u2019s take a moment and appreciate the news shall we? 1. In some rather gay (and we mean happy) news, Germany has legalized
It provides a loophole for the reprehensible to sneak by without being termed as such.
If you have a beating heart, the images of families floating across the Mediterranean, hoping to survive, is sure to make
Sean Spicer is reportedly looking for a replacement to take over the White House press briefings, which makes sense given
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain
By Adele M. Stan This article originally appeared at The American Prospect. Subscribe here. If there were ever a doubt that
The Congressional Budget Office threw Mitch McConnell a life preserver this week, though many people may not have seen it
by Sara Swann The list of GOP senators unhappy with the initial draft of the Republican health care bill continues to grow
Like father like son
\We should not be taking a gamble with the grizzly\u2019s future,\u201d an attorney for Earthjustice said.
It\u2019s clear that the toxic political rhetoric has poisoned our nation\u2019s schools.
Today's winner
The two leaders will meet on the sidelines of the G20 summit in Germany.
The move is sure to anger China.
This comes a day after the FBI interviewed several of its U.S. employees as part of a probe into its operations.
According to Senator Rand Paul.
The poor, elderly and disabled would feel the effects.
Is it enough for Sens. Capito and Portman, even though their states need more?
Just like President Trump wants.
It's the same song and dance every time.
Six months in, the president has yet to take care of some of the basics.
Death threats target Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon after he pulled the bill over funding and other concerns.
Environmentalists say he's exploiting the blaze to \mislead the public.\u201d
Does Trump's \America First\ agenda include letting Americans die?
\A group of losers,\ according to Trump, appear to have retaken the Iraqi city.
Five people in rural America, from a midwife to an executive, talk about the damage they fear from the Senate bill.
We're talking addresses, birth dates and parts of Social Security numbers.
We get it, Sean Hannity, you love Donald Trump.
PREACH.
Lawmakers encouraged the crowd to stay vigilant in their fight against the bill.
A slew of polls bring little good news for the party's beleaguered repeal efforts.
Senator Rand Paul and Representative Tulsi Gabbard are currently the two leading cheerleaders of their parties.
Up until now, congressional Democrats have been smart to merely stand on the sidelines and watch Republicans flail on their
Let\u2019s assume that winning Congressional votes is something that peace advocates care a lot about, enough that they would
The folly of the next Afghan \surge.\
What do you suppose Donald Trump\u2019s generals have in mind when it comes to the future?
This week, the nation\u2019s attention turned to the GOP Senate\u2019s shameful efforts to take away health insurance from millions
If there was any doubt about Donald Trump\u2019s vision for America\u2019s energy future, it has been eliminated this week during the
America serves up its news in a caldron from hell, or so it sometimes seems. The fragments are all simmering in the same
It hurts so bad, and you wish you could quit it. But you\u2019re driving down the highway and it comes on the radio, or you\u2019re
It was 106 degrees yesterday in Vegas for our rally outside Sen. Dean Heller\u2019s office. Good thing Republicans have assured
Why would the Supreme Court give this ruling?
Just when we thought the man-child commander-in-chief couldn\u2019t stoop any lower, Donald Trump has insulted \u201cMorning Joe\u201d co
As elected representatives know better than most of us, many local communities are suffering.\u00a0They are in the throes of an
President Trump continues to ruin the news. 1. Trump announced his visit to France for Bastille Day. Looking to gain some
The administration's travel ban takes effect Thursday night at 8 p.m. ET.
The president tweeted sexist comments about the MSNBC host on Thursday morning.
Here's why Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell delayed the vote.
Critics of President Nicolas Maduro suspect Tuesday's raid may have been manipulated to justify repression.
The case centered around the use of the drug Midazolam during executions.
The rapidly spreading computer worm appeared to borrow key features from last month\u2019s ransomware attack.
There's also a gap in attitudes toward voter access along racial lines.
Contradicting overwhelming scientific consensus, the energy secretary claims that carbon dioxide is not the \primary control knob\ for climate change.
Another state moves to reform money bail practices that have been challenged as unconstitutional.
The delay puts the future of a longtime top Republican priority in doubt.
Meanwhile, Donald Trump reportedly doesn't fully understand his plan.
Nearly two-thirds of Americans surveyed are unhappy with Republican efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare.
The nation's oldest civil rights organization is gearing up for a bigger battle with education reformers.
A Times editorial the former governor described as \sickening\ initially suggested her political rhetoric helped incite a mass shooting.
Airlines that fail to comply with the new rules, however, may not be able to admit electronics onto U.S.-bound planes.
Their professed concern over the uninsured rings untrue.
Who knew health care could be this complicated?
The American Academy of Pediatrics says the agency \has no basis\ to continue allowing brain-damaging chlorpyrifos on crops.
The White House continues to say his tweeting is a terrific benefit to him. Polls say otherwise.
They'd all quit drinking for good if it meant Trump would be impeached tomorrow.
\This is shameful.\
\There is something enduring about a commitment to the public\u2019s right to know and the obligation of the White House to tell.\
The hype and unsubstantiated hope behind the self-driving car movement continues unabated, distracting from addressing necessities
The operatives who turned a septuagenarian independent socialist into a money-raising juggernaut explain for the first time how they did it.
It is middle America\u2019s faith that puts them solidly in Donald Trump\u2019s camp, and nothing other than a faith argument will bring about change.
Today\u2019s topics include
A \u201cvote here\u201d sign translated into Korean, Spanish and Vietnamese hangs near the entrance to a polling place set up in the
Nearly two-thirds of Americans disapprove of the job Donald Trump is doing as president. It\u2019s a remarkably dismal number
Gorsuch\u2019s joinder with Thomas and Alito in allowing Trump to fully implement his Muslim ban portends the new justice\u2019s strong deference to the executive.
The Republican bill would make an already broken system even worse.
These days, the little guy is always left with the short end of the stick. Nowhere is that more evident than in Congress
Every day there\u2019s more news. When will it end? 1. Three Chicago police have been indicted in Laquan McDonald\u2019s shooting death
Fourth in a series, Annals of Resistance Since the Democrats lost the special Congressional election in Georgia last week
A new analysis released by the nonprofit Sentencing Project is a classic case of good news and bad news. On one hand, it
With new U.S. intelligence suggesting Syria\u2019s Assad may be preparing to launch another chemical weapons attack on his beleaguered
A new Pew report on guns simply tells advocates what they want to hear.
The principal author of three detailed memos authorizing the use of torture by the CIA during the Bush administration had
By Austin Sarat, Amherst College Ending the death penalty in the United States won\u2019t be easy. After death penalty abolitionists
Physicians across the nation are deeply concerned over the proposed Senate health care bill, and this is why.
It is said that compromise is the cornerstone of democracy. If that is indeed the case, American democracy is seriously faltering
The GOP is feigning ignorance about the dangers in their health care bill.
The donation raises serious ethical questions.
Trump was put on hold for at least 90 seconds, then he pulled a reporter into the chat.
This year marks the 100th anniversary of the U.S. entry into World War I. It's also the one-year anniversary of the Nice attack.
U.S. Democrats have been soft on Big Tech.
Pence would also be called on to cast a tie-breaking vote for the bill.
The ACLU argued those being deported could face persecution, torture or death.
\u201cEven if the government ultimately decides that we \u2018may\u2019 discriminate against a person, the question for me is, \u2018Should we?\u2019\u201d
But the Energy secretary calls for an \intellectual conversation\ on global warming.
It's real pretty, they say.
Monday's SCOTUS ruling has led to confusion and anxiety among some immigrant groups.
And more of the latest polling news.
In case Mitch McConnell didn't have enough problems at the moment.
What started as a Facebook live stream involving two lawmakers grew into an impromptu rally.
A delay might actually work in Mitch McConnell's favor.
Following the CBO score.
\I don\u2019t want a tax cut. I want everybody to have what we had. Because we are humans. I love you kid.\
Obamacare was based on ''a conservative model,'' the Massachusetts Democrat says.
\I believe libraries and democracy go hand-in-hand.\
Republican senators have been invited to discuss the bill at the White House.
Mayors of more than 1,400 cities passed resolutions this week supporting a transition to 100 percent renewable energy and other climate initiatives.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell can only lose two Republican votes and still advance the bill.
Still, construction will begin \later this summer,\ an official said.
cla Europe, led by Germany and France, is also stepping into the fray. \u201cMake our planet great again,\u201d French President Emmanuel
Faced with Special Counsel Robert Mueller\u2019s probe, President Trump\u2019s enablers strive to place him beyond the rule of law
Skimping on preventative care and family planning would cost taxpayers a lot more for unplanned births.
Repealing Obamacare, the Congressional Budget Office tells us, will leave millions of people without health insurance. What
Issuing an \u201corder\u201d enjoining jurors from speaking about the case seems grossly inconsistent with First Amendment values.
By Maria Behan I came this close to taking the month of June off. I covered FBI Director James Comey\u2019s shocking dismissal
We are at the intersection of politics and horror flicks. We all like to laugh at the heroes and heroines of horror films
As if I had only been more careful, then I would have been able to avoid this seven-year battle with cancer.
The services industry grew from half of the U.S. GDP in 1966 to more than two-thirds in 2016. Part of an occasional series
Over in New York\u2019s Central Park, just a short distance from our offices, the curtain came down last week on The Public Theater\u2019s
I beg our leaders in Washington
The news isn\u2019t quite on fire but it may as well be. 1. Immigrant soldiers who fought for the United States may be deported
Legislators have largely been let off the hook as long as it appeared that the courts would clean up the president's mess.
Reality or reality TV?
I recently responded to this question on Quora
Laws in several other states that were similar to HB 2 \u2014 and based on no evidence \u2014 have been struck down.
The Trump-friendly lawmaker\u2019s move threatens planned sales to Saudi Arabia and shows bipartisan anger with the administration's Mideast mismanagement.
Supporters say they plan to donate and volunteer -- but just one-third expect the party to win back the House.
\I wouldn't know an alternative fact if it hit me in the face.\
The ruling potentially lessens America\u2019s separation of church and state by allowing governments more leeway to fund religious entities directly.
Liberal Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor said they would have granted the appeal to hear the case.
He is down, but he is not out.
The question of whether the family of a 15-year-old Mexican national killed near the border can sue the agent who shot him will return to the 5th Circuit.
And here are your holdouts.
The high court reinstated most of the ban while it waits to hear the case in October.
The billionaire GOP megadonor embraces climate science just enough to not sound like an extremist.
\It's coming at us faster than we thought.\
Grover Norquist gets schooled about taxes on Twitter.
The justices ruled in favor of lesbian couples by throwing out a December ruling by the Arkansas Supreme Court.
Senate Republicans want to pass this legislation this week.
The case hinges on the SEC\u2019s whistleblower protection rules required by the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law.
Trump \believes that Russia probably was involved, potentially some other countries as well.\u201d
Sen. Chris Murphy called the bill a \humanitarian crisis waiting to happen.\
\This bill would improve our understanding of New York\u2019s Asian-American and Pacific Islander community,\u201d one lawmaker says.
On Monday, Spicer will again answer questions from reporters in a restricted setting.
They declined to rule in a California case on whether a person\u2019s constitutional right to keep firearms for self-defense extends outside the home.
\u201cAmericans believe that on issues of great importance, one party shouldn\u2019t be allowed to force its will on everyone else,\u201d he wrote.
The ban is one of the president's most controversial campaign promises.
Progressives should be encouraged by recent special election results, not looking for a scapegoat.
Globe-trotting U.S. special ops forces already deployed to 137 nations in 2017.
Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com If you want a number, try 194. That\u2019s how many countries there are on planet Earth (give
As mayors of many of the world\u2019s great cities, and on behalf of the hundreds of millions of citizens that we represent, we
The plan for Democrats to run against Russia may be falling apart. After squandering much of the last six months on faulting
In an era of hucksters and lies, the truth is hard to identify. So are political strategies. But its worth trying. The Senate
1. The Executive Order (EO) is invalid because the United States cannot discriminate based on national origin. False. 8 U.S.C
We\u2019re waiting to see if Republicans will muster the moral courage to take a hard stance against the AHCA.
This new crisis in the Persian Gulf is complex and requires a thoughtful and nuanced approach.
If a nation expects to be ignorant and free\u2026it expects what never was and never will be. \u2014 Thomas Jefferson Here is a question
By Allegra Baider House and Senate Republicans are working on overdrive to accomplish a goal they share with President Trump
Phasing down of Medicaid means one thing
They're pushing hard to repeal and replace Obamacare.
\u201cI don\u2019t have a hidden agenda. I make it very clear where I stand on an issue,\u201d Ivanka Trump says.
Mike Pompeo is \baffled\ the public prefers those who reveal crimes to those who commit them, Snowden says.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has expressed hesitation to appoint a new envoy to head the office.
Either the bill fails because at least five or six Republicans declare their opposition, or the entire thing will pass with blinding speed.
But Donald Trump \is in no position\ to whine about it.
The bill was the same one he celebrated at the White House Rose Garden.
The comments come after a bruising loss in a closely watched congressional special election.
Trump's lawyer said she should be allowed to opt out because she is a \high-ranking government official.\
\A great nation is not judged by its billionaires, but by its compassion,\ says senator in first stop of health care campaign.
The bill is just a \u201cslight nip and tuck,\u201d said Tim Phillips, president of the Koch-funded Americans for Prosperity.
Making universal health care a reality for all is not pie-in-the-sky, it\u2019s completely feasible.
The principles of Republican health care are straight out of 16th century England where being poor was a sure sign of moral
The US is the leading country that unilaterally brands entities around the world as terrorist.
We all needed this.
\u201cWe don\u2019t have the courage in Washington, the honesty, to talk about this issue with real facts.\
Yet another slap in the face to Muslims everywhere.
The idea of diagnosing public figures \u2014 especially public figures you hate \u2014 can be appealing, but doing so is akin to diagnosing someone with a cough with pneumonia, sight unseen.
Reality check
Justice Anthony Kennedy, 80, was appointed by President Ronald Reagan and has served for nearly three decades.
The senator and his wife have hired a pair of high-profile defense attorneys in light of the federal probe.
They push the worst parts into the future.
Legal experts say the jurors' \witch hunt\ finding demonstrates the need for an independent probe in Orange County.
\u201cWhile there is always room to debate the most effective approach to criminal justice, that debate should be based on facts, not fear.\u201d
Commissioners say they have no idea what the commission will look at or when it will meet.
The party removed volunteer Phil Montag from his co-chair position after his expletive-filled comments surfaced.
U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner (R-CO) built his political career in Colorado, and rallied grassroots Republican support, by opposing
This post is not so much why the current senate (draft?) bill, \u201cBetter Care Reconciliation Act of 2017\u201d (\u201cBetter Care Act
Trump's broken promises on Medicaid and Social Security are plain to see. But the GOP health care bill also sets up the destruction of Medicare.
Under the GOP plan, Medicaid will cover less and less of the costs of health care for the poor and elderly.
A friend of mine expressed his despair over the current state of our political climate in an email this week
Every so often, we have a certain reaction to a bit of political news. We then fully expect at least a few other political
By Christopher Zoukis The Alabama Senate gave final passage on May 18th to the \u201cFair Justice Act\u201d (Senate bill 187), a measure
Within the last two weeks, much of the African American community has been thrown into abject pain yet again. The police
In 1942, as other students were in caps and gowns, he was imprisoned for being Japanese-American.
Of course, legalization may not help you if you're black or Hispanic.
Privacy laws don't apply to Congressional requests to release information, they say in a letter to the bank.
Iran has loomed as the primary bogeyman of the Trump crowd.
It's time for the Democratic leader to step aside.
Matt Mika, a Tyson Foods lobbyist, was shot multiple times.
A Dallas imam and his organization are taking on the world\u2019s largest search engine to stop it from spreading hate.
Under Matt Bevin, the state has continued to funnel money into alternative investments at public employees' expense.
Restrictions now target eight states that have passed anti-LGBTQ laws.
The ACLU said the move \u201cmay very well have saved numerous people from abuse and possible death.\
Five Republican senators have announced they will not support the bill in its current form.
The GOP whip remains in \fair\ condition after being shot in the hip last week.
Critics say the measure is unconstitutional and \basically gags and bags the First Amendment.\
The U.S. withdrawal from the Paris Agreement is prompting more than 1,400 mayors to make their own pledges.
Poor Paul Ryan.
Hang on -- what?
Rising hate crimes mean cameras and armed guards at what should be a time of joyous celebration.
And your deductible.
BART joins two other transit systems pledging that public transit is safe for all riders, regardless of immigration status.
We are stuck in a loop of violence and injustice.
It offers even fewer incentives for healthy people to buy insurance coverage than Obamacare does.
He looks good, though.
All that talk about lowering out-of-pocket costs? Yeah, they didn't mean it.
A tiny trade group threatens to kneecap the biggest attempt yet to get cities to reject President Trump's Paris accord withdrawal.
We do not need you to explain how awful Trump is; we need you to govern.
And the purpose is to give tax breaks to billionaires, he says.
You may have read a piece I wrote for the Huffington Post just before the election called, \u201cWhat will we tell our daughters
Nobody puts Hillary in the corner -- nor Kamala, Maxine, or Elizabeth.
The Democrats came close in two special elections in Georgia and South Carolina this week. While they didn\u2019t win either race
Today, Saudi Arabia and its sycophant allies (Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt) have resorted to extortion in
Five months into the Trump regime, we\u2019ve reached the tipping point. \u00a0It may take more than a year to play out, but the presidency
Donald Trump held one of his patented campaign-style love fests in Iowa Wednesday night, complete with blatant lies, belittling
The National Rifle Association is still silent about the death of Philando Castile, and this is yet more proof that the NRA
A real protection does not have simple, advertised loopholes woven within its language.
by Kennett Werner It\u2019s been a remarkably tough year for the retail sector. So far in 2017, retailers have set\u00a0a record pace
Well, at least it\u2019s the weekend tomorrow. 1. Four senators say they cannot vote for Trumpcare as it is currently written
Tesla employees have complained about a raft of work-related injuries and illnesses throughout the CEO's tenure.
As a former substance user, I can tell you \u2014 having access to treatment saved my life.
The passengers of the MS St. Louis were turned away in part because of a toxic, xenophobic \u2018America First\u2019 ideology that pervaded mainstream American life at the time.
Ending the death penalty in the United States won\u2019t be easy. After death penalty abolitionists slowly pushed toward its elimination
Obviously, Republic Report is super-busy and\u00a0doesn't have time to do its regular job and still publish Trump Team Disgracefulness
Aviation isn\u2019t spared, either.
He cited cuts to Medicaid in his opposition.
The merger continues.
Environmental activists and unionized workers should be allies against Trumpism, but they're being pitted against one another.
Ready for a challenge?
The bill, named the Better Care Reconciliation Act, contains several provisions that would hit especially hard in rural areas, Morgan said.
And more of the latest polling news.
Police arrested 43 people with disabilities at McConnell's office yesterday. Here are some of their stories.
Democrats are outperforming in special elections -- and that could \gravely imperil the Republican majority.\
The bill has been largely a secret until now.
\u201cMy decision about how long I stay is not up to them.\
After the most recent special election losses.
As new polling shows, the nation remains deeply divided on gun issues.
New York Jets Owner Woody Johnson will require Senate confirmation to take up the post.
\u201cWe know the president\u2019s approval rating will drag down Republicans,\ said DCCC chairman Ben Ray Lujan.
Texas lawmakers haven't been that friendly to refugees. Advocates are trying to change their minds.
Friends, family and community members lined up in Wyoming, Ohio.
Mitch McConnell faces a balancing act, but the opposition within GOP ranks may be soft.
When The Man Who Abuses You Is Also A Cop
The rest of the public is less sold on a repeal.
The president keeps making things worse for himself.
Surprise, surprise.
It's the latest dubious source pushed by an increasingly political committee.
This is not a drill.
Democrats on the House Oversight Committee say Trump's son-in-law failed to disclose contacts with Russian officials on his clearance application.
Desiree Fairooz\u2019s \brief reflective burst of noise, be it laughter or an audible gasp, clearly cannot sustain a conviction,\ her lawyer writes.
Trump could face \huge backlash from across the political spectrum\ if he fails to respect state policies, advocates say.
They will unveil a draft bill they aim to put to a vote, possibly as early as next week.
\u201cI\u2019m just a very small old country boy from Arkansas in this bigger commission with Vice President Pence, and I\u2019m just going to do the best I can, to be honest.\u201d
Obama's homeland security secretary had just testified on the issue the day before.
Trump conceded he knows of no tapes of his conversations with the then-FBI director, but  stirred up the controversy anyway to raise \u201cthe question of doubt.\u201d
The president's proposal sounds exactly like a law President Clinton signed in 1996.
\If you insist, I'll do it, but I like it better this way.\
\This wanton disregard for human life must be stopped.\
\u201cI have to be a little careful, because they\u2019ll say, \u2018He lied!\u2019\u201d Trump told Iowa supporters in a speech that was full of misstatements.
Some people sort of dig him. He even ran for President in 2016. No, really. 2016. Remember?
Fourteen years ago, the nonprofit monthly magazine Prison Legal News filed a Freedom of Information Act request asking the
Did history begin anew last November 8th?
American politicians are supposed to pander. The whole point of our legislative branch is to select officials who will represent
By Thomas Kennedy Growing up undocumented, one of my biggest fears was being separated from my family. I remember the anxiety
Health policies of the Republican Party are blatantly racist, misogynistic, and oppressive.
Remember that Sikhs are just like you and me. Their values are just as American as baseball and apple pie.
If Donald Trump really wants to take an \u201cAmerica First\u201d approach, why is he slashing our domestic budget?
Trump\u2019s \u201cdisapproval\u201d rating is now politically meaningless.
The same ISPs currently promising to honor the principle have already demonstrated beyond any doubt their hostility toward net neutrality.
The president's policies would \devastate the communities we represent,\ the group said.
Always send a boy to do a qualified adult's job.
\Skepticism that fails to account for evidence is no virtue,\ the American Meteorological Society wrote in a letter Wednesday.
It remains unclear what approach the White House is taking to revive the peace process between Israelis and Palestinians.
Acting Solicitor General Jeff Wall said the lower courts had wrongly second-guessed the president.
Including tipping in the app.
The family planning provider is calling for a \day of action\ against Trumpcare.
Jeh Johnson defended the Obama administration's reluctance to go public with its findings amid \a very heated campaign.\
The special election was overshadowed by a similar race in Georgia.
Republican officials and voters said Trump is a divisive figure in this educated, affluent and increasingly diverse district.
CREDO Action placed billboards near airports that the senators use.
The agency said the shooting may have been spontaneous.
\u201cAs it stands, we do not have the funding to do what we want to do.\
A tough loss for Democrats.
\u201cAll the Fake News, all the money spent = 0,\u201d Trump tweeted.
Welcome to season two of Candidate Confessional, a podcast dedicated to those who came up short in the world of governance.
Lloyd\u2019s entry level tweet decrying the U.S. withdrawal from the climate accords was an expression of mild displeasure with
Some Democrats are calling for fresh ideas as special election losses pile up.
\u201cEvery time a newspaper prints a negative story about Muslims, ISIS leaders will be rubbing their hands in glee,\u201d says academic Dr. Paul Baker.
\u201cI\u2019m not going to spend state resources\ on that effort, Alabama's secretary of state says.
Arizona and Illinois last year confirmed that hackers had targeted their voter registration systems.
So much for covering everyone with \u201cgreat health care at much less money.\u201d
Most politicians are hypocrites\u2014finger-wagging, head-shaking, arm-waiving, hyperbolic hypocrites of one ilk or another. \u00a0But
I\u2019ve lived in the Georgia Congressional 6th district for a long time and I\u2019ve never seen anything like the Jon Ossoff campaign
Part Two of\u00a0Storm Surge
If New York were to pass the CCCA right now, we would protect one of the most important gains we made through Obamacare.
The senator from Maine has the power to actually do something about her party's destructive health care bill. But she probably won't.
I recently traveled to New Zealand to present my work and knowledge about the medical uses of the cannabis plant. Before
With the proposed changes to the Affordable Care Act (ACA), 20 million Americans are at risk of losing their health care
There were special elections held on Tuesday in South Carolina and Georgia. \u00a0The race in South Carolina went to the Republican
We need a political environment where debates are intense but where the love of country and respect for each other is sacrosanct.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is about to make a big legislative throw of the dice Thursday, when he (finally) unveils
Pundits will be debating this question for a long while, but there\u2019s one factor that made a huge difference.
Of course, she didn\u2019t stop there. The response from Ossoff is peculiar considering the popularity of Medicare-for-all health
Democrat Jon Ossoff lost in a special congressional election in Georgia. It should have meant nothing but instead it meant
Amid the ever-growing Russia scandal, Donald Trump has hired a new lawyer, Jay Sekulow, and things are not going well for
They called for open committee hearings and more time to consider the bill before a Senate vote.
Reporters sitting in rooms with blacked-out windows. Legislators voting on a bill they haven't seen. Welcome to 2017.
Two words
It's the latest evidence the U.S. is expanding its use of force in Syria's war.
Life itself?
\u201cWe are going to get this done in 2017. We need to get this done in 2017. We cannot let this once-in-a-generation moment slip.\
Do not ask the belt-tighteners to tighten their belts.
But they might care about health care enough to vote this bill down. Or not.
But Republicans say they're OK with the Pentagon calling the shots.
Total spending in the Georgia race for all candidates has topped $56 million.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump plans to address  the existence of any tapes of conversations between him and Comey.
\u201cIf Erdogan is investing in the Trump administration, I can say that he will be disappointed,\ Turkish opposition leader Hi\u015fyar \u00d6zsoy said.
And more of the latest polling news.
Cuts would start later than House bill envisions, but eventually go deeper.
\Paul Ryan, you can come work the iron and I\u2019ll go to D.C.\
Politicians love to talk about bringing back America's manufacturing jobs. But even the good ones can have long, bad hours.
Committee hearings would have been nice, Bob Corker concedes, but he'll go ahead and consider the bill anyway.
\u201cI\u2019m concerned about whether you are clear about the magnitude of warming that is occurring,\ the senator told Secretary Ryan Zinke.
\u201cThere is no Trump doctrine,\u201d one expert says.
A new report urges the Trump administration not to return to failed drug policies of the past.
It\u2019s Tuesday, newsday. 1. Sean Spicer is searching for his replacement as press secretary. People don\u2019t seem to be interested
The Saudi regime is playing Donald Trump with potentially disastrous consequences.
Co-authored by Marguerite Rose Jim\u00e9nez There is a poison pill hidden in President Donald Trump\u2019s National Security Presidential
Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com Not that anyone in a position of power seems to notice, but there\u2019s a simple rule for American
By Justin Tosi, University of Michigan and Brandon Warmke, Bowling Green State University Many Americans are morally outraged
Health care debates and bills need to be transparent.
Around 2 a.m. on November 2, 2004, Kathryn Workman heard someone trying to get into her house and woke up her husband, James
Paul Ryan, Mitch McConnell, and Donald Trump are about giving money to the rich. Nothing else matters to this crew.
HAVANA \u2015 Making good on his deal with Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Florida) and Rep. Mario D\u00edaz-Balart (R-Florida), President Donald
Special counsel Robert Mueller\u2019s mission is remarkable
In just a few short months, the Trump wrecking ball has pounded away at rules and regulations in virtually every government
The White House calls it \u201cself-defense,\u201d and Russia has responded by threatening to shoot down American planes.
He's reportedly leading the search for his own replacement.
\u201cI think if you\u2019re going to be a wise, intellectually engaged person, being a skeptic about some of these issues is quite all right,\ he said.
More than half of the gun-related deaths were homicides.
The case forced the justices to weigh free speech rights against a state\u2019s interest in protecting its citizens, specifically from sexual abuse of minors.
Democratic hopes ride on 30-year-old Jon Ossoff.
\Vote now for Karen H,\ Trump tweeted, ahead of Tuesday's highly anticipated runoff between Handel and Democrat Jon Ossoff.
Talk is cheap when you\u2019re funding and insuring the dirtiest fossil fuel.
Frontman Simon Tam chose to call the band \The Slants\ to reclaim a derogatory reference to Asian people\u2019s eyes, and wear it as a \u201cbadge of pride.\u201d
Information on 198 million American voters was freely available -- if you knew where to look.
And a suspect has been arrested in the death of a Muslim teen, who was killed after leaving a Virginia mosque.
The talks follow Trump\u2019s discussions last month with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas.
The plaintiffs said they were subjected to abuses that include 23-hours-a-day solitary confinement, strip searches, sleep deprivation, and beatings.
An El Salvadoran national is accused of beating 17-year-old Nabra Hassanen with a baseball bat.
The Center for American Progress says preventing guns from flooding vulnerable communities and encouraging police accountability will help.
The details matter. But at its core, it's still a massive tax cut paid for by depriving millions of health care.
If Americans want a government that represents their views and speaks to their lives, they cannot sit on the sidelines any longer.
John Thune is the most handsome man in the U.S. Senate. Square jawed, gleaming smile, cowboy tan, the 6\u20194\u201d South Dakota Republican\u2019s
For some people engaged in the world of higher education politics, watching Arthur Keiser ascend the dais at a Washington
You don\u2019t always have to be a wonk to appreciate statistics. The nonpartisan Legislative Analyst\u2019s Office tweeted good news
Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com If you want to know just what kind of mental space Washington\u2019s still-growing cult of \u201cnational
This post first appeared at BillMoyers.com I\u2019m the last guy to refuse glimpses of, and speculations about, the sub-Shakespearian
Trump is creating a recipe for war.
Many innocents have been caught in the middle of polarization that they had nothing to do with.
No matter which side wins, the danger for them politically can be summed up in one word
Must-miss TV
It\u2019s routine for right-wing outlets like Fox to smear progressive activists under the guise of \u201cnews\u201d coverage. But why the
Whenever a major political party fails to hold the White House, the political pundocracy bemoans that the party is freezing
Fossil fuels have long been subsidized by tax policies, such as the oil depletion allowance, and by infrastructure construction
During Washington\u2019s ongoing Trump investigation circus, little attention is being paid to one the president\u2019s most daring
When finally pinned down, Sekulow was forced to admit that he doesn\u2019t know one way or the other.
States generally qualify for the Federal Emergency Management Agency\u2019s public assistance program \u2014 money to replace and repair
In an appearance on conservative radio Thursday, Colorado Sen. Cory Gardner pointed to props and costumed-protesters at his
by Sara Swann On Tuesday, voters in Georgia\u2019s 6th Congressional District\u00a0will vote in the most expensive House election ever
by Alex Baumgart The Trump presidency\u00a0is less than five months old, but has been a quick study at\u00a0one longstanding D.C. tradition
When we allow partisanship to be prioritized over the needs of American citizens, tragedy can be the result.
Donald Trump has made clear that there\u2019s little room in his \u201cAmerica First\u201d foreign policy for pressure on authoritarian
But Trump should also \be welcoming this investigation,\ the Florida senator said.
Jay Sekulow seems to stray from his \not under investigation\ script on Fox News.
And he also didn\u2019t think Trump would fire former FBI Director James Comey.
\Take the time to be close with the ones you love.\u201d
Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Karen Handel face off on Tuesday in Georgia's 6th District, a major test for both parties.
It would take just three to make their leadership listen.
Trickle down economics didn\u2019t work in Kansas. It never has. Not anywhere.
Jimmy Romans (served 7 years on life sentence for pot)
A concept that you learn quickly in the military is that you can delegate authority but not responsibility. \u00a0The buck stops
By all rights Georgia Democratic congressional candidate, Jon Ossoff, shouldn\u2019t even be in the Georgia special election congressional
Jones has suggested the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in Newtown was a hoax.
College Republican crowd goes wild in response.
The footage obtained by HuffPost shows a nervous Kelly who failed to press Putin on obvious issues.
Clarke notified Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly on Friday of his decision, according to reports.
\Of all that I've done in my life, I'm most proud to be Sasha and Malia's dad.\
The private, California-based outdoor retailer is preparing to sue the White House to protect public lands.
\It's. Not. Funny.\
The congressman underwent surgery Saturday and showed signs of improvement, according to his spokesperson.
A new report says people waited  in line to vote for up to three hours at one polling place.
He can't tell White House aides not to get their own attorneys, say letters to disciplinary panels.
The other day I was cleaning chicken and stopped cold when I realized there were still feathers on the piece I was handling
There are several paths if he wants to take them. The key is maintaining deniability.
Sexual violence in our nation\u2019s college and university campus communities is a significant challenge. This is no myth or
The play came to a temporary stop as security removed the two demonstrators.
Here's what cutting Medicaid could mean for people with disabilities.
*This piece was originally published on Medium If you think white supremacy just rode into America on the Trump Train, chances
Will it change their views on guns and civil rights?
Trump has thus far refused to release his tax returns.
Sen. Todd Young of Indiana is a rare mainstream GOP voice in the growing chorus criticizing the U.S.-supported Saudi campaign in Yemen.
\u201cWe are not winning in Afghanistan right now,\u201d Defense Secretary Jim Mattis had said.
As well as the transition team.
Special counsel Robert Mueller and several congressional panels are investigating the Russia issue, which has cast a shadow over the early months of Trump\u2019s presidency.
Documents examined by Kaiser Health News shed light on the workings of the Trump administration's \u201cDrug Pricing and Innovation Working Group.\
The news comes two weeks after Ohio's attorney general sued five drug manufacturers for misrepresenting the risks of opioids.
But the shift may not happen quickly enough to avert the worst effects of climate change.
LGBTQ groups are worried about new rules for the Office for Civil Rights.
Get it?
Seven governors express concern about Medicaid cuts, ask for help stabilizing insurance markets.
\u201cIf they are not going to protect me, why would I bring them with me to America?\u201d the president said.
The president\u2019s recent attacks against Special Counsel Robert Mueller and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, preceded
After the Trump White House careened through another terrible week, Washington insiders wonder how long Trump can survive
Doctors are \u201cencouraged\u201d by his progress.
A combination of the right amount of youth within the overall population suffering from corruption is necessary.
The smell of gun smoke had net yet lifted from an Alexandria baseball field when the calls for unity began. \u201cAn attack on
Had Alex Jones\u2019 interview with Megyn Kelly taken place yesterday, I can only imagine what he would have said about the shootings
During a conference call in February, Colorado Sen. Cory Gardner assured worried constituents that they would have plenty
With the Trump Administration waging an all-out assault on environmental protection and exiting from the Paris Climate Agreement
In his appearance before the Senate Select Intelligence Community, Attorney General Jeffrey Sessions refused to answer any
A chorus of right-wing opportunists want the country to believe that somehow the Bernie Sanders campaign and \u201cthe Left\u201d are responsible.
Everybody who cares about children needs to mobilize as you have never mobilized before.
For decades now, the gun industry has held the U.S. Congress hostage to its radical agenda.
With rare exception, the question of whether the atomic bombs were necessary to end World War Two is debated only deep within
\u201cIt\u2019s morning again -- for auto manufacturing in America,\u201d a new ad says.
Rejoice! The work week is over. 1. Trump plans to roll back Obama\u2019s reforms on U.S.-Cuba relations. Say goodbye to any progress
In a well-orchestrated and highly coordinated media coup, Monsanto Co. and friends this week dropped a bombshell on opponents
Before Fox News, there was Pat Robertson's '700 Club,' where I was an executive producer.
This is the point where I have to note that she was an imperfect candidate who made mistakes, just like every candidate who ever ran for anything.
A Miami speech is set for Friday to announce changes to the relaxation of tourism and trade rules.
It was the first message from @TheBriefing2016 since Nov. 7.
You seldom see legislators tear up as they argue for a piece of legislation. But that\u2019s what happened recently when Connecticut
Prosecutors have charged Turkish security and police officers after an attack on protesters during Erdogan's visit to the U.S. capital last month.
Could united teams help unite America?
Rand Paul and Bernie Sanders were the only two \no\ votes.
The president and first lady bring flowers to the wounded congressman and officer.
\They can't be stupid enough to do that,\ one email recipient said.
Rep. Roger Williams (R-Texas) and his legislative aide Zach Barth spoke out after Wednesday's shooting.
\And we must acknowledge that a deadly problem like this brings a responsibility to find solutions,\ she said.
Rep. Chris Collins added that safety would improve if more people carried guns.
Par for the course, really.
Ralph Norman is seeking to fill a House seat vacated by White House budget director Mick Mulvaney.
Karen Handel's neighbors also received suspicious packages, her campaign said.
And it featured testimony from witnesses pushing anti-Muslim conspiracy theories.
\We would be ready to offer political asylum to Comey if he\u2019s persecuted in the U.S.\
Despite previous compliments, the president and his supporters are now saying Robert Mueller is unfit for the job.
His father said he was \u201cbrutalized and terrorized\u201d by the North Korean regime.
\u201cOur immigration policy shouldn\u2019t amount to a death sentence for anyone,\ the ACLU says.
The annual bipartisan event raised over $1 million for charities.
The president is accused of interfering in the FBI's Russia investigation.
Federal investigators uncovered Citibank\u2019s Mexican affiliate, Banamex USA, laundering drug money and illegally shipping it
Cross-posted from TomDispatch.com In her first interview since President Obama commuted her 35-year sentence and she was
A Miami speech is set for Friday to announce changes to the relaxation of tourism and trade rules.
The lawyer is known for defending government officials in high-profile investigations and has ties to James Comey.
\u201cWe also have to be real careful from the standpoint that we have a president that\u2019s not from the political class.\u201d
It\u2019s always a bad sign when a judicial nominee has to begin his hearing with an apology.
It removes his cover for firing Mueller.
Wide Variations Commitment laws in seven states (Alabama, Arizona, Idaho, Illinois, Nevada, New Hampshire and Wyoming) specifically
As America reels from the news of the Congressional Republican baseball team shooting, some are loudly resisting attempts
Disagreement is part of our political system, but shooting at people is not.
On Monday, June 12, 2017, President Trump\u2019s Muslim ban faced another major defeat as the 9th Circuit ruled that the executive
The news is weird today. 1. Robert Mueller is reportedly investigating Trump for obstruction of justice. #45 is not pleased
The United States has shown remarkably little concern for the children of the war-torn and violence-ridden areas of the Greater Middle East.
We, the people, are being severely tested. While former FBI Director James Comey testifies before the Senate Intelligence
We must stand up to hate and support common sense gun reform.
The Chamber was publicly critical of the accord and funded a study that inflated its costs, which President Trump used to justify his decision to quit the pact.
The Kansas Statehouse is one of the most ornate in the country. For a while, wherever my family traveled \u2013 New Hampshire
Wednesday morning, there was a terrorist attack at a Virginia baseball field. That\u2019s a pretty simple sentence, but so far
It\u2019s a familiar bleeding-heart refrain sung in support of liberal initiatives, or to push back on conservatives
Who or what do we blame? (This is a rhetorical question, by the way). Because honestly? Blaming is a moot point. On June
The shooting happened as lawmakers practiced for a charity baseball game.
The attorney general struggled to articulate a legal basis for dodging questions.
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise is reportedly in stable condition after being shot in the hip.
At least 30 U.S. senators and 166 representatives are plaintiffs in the lawsuit, representing the largest number of legislators ever to sue a U.S. president.
Nick Lyon, head of the state health department, was among those charged.
James Hodgkinson regularly weighed in on political issues on social media.
The email's subject line
A top House Republican, an aide, a lobbyist and two Capitol Police officers were hospitalized after the morning gunfire.
For violating the U.S. Constitution.
A day after a gunman opened fire on a practice, lawmakers will play ball.
Rep. Ryan Costello has played in the Congressional Baseball Game for the past two years.
The bill was introduced amid an intense focus in the U.S. capital on relations with Russia.
It's poor timing, Donald.
A gunman shot five people at a practice for the Congressional Baseball Game, an annual bipartisan event.
Hard-liners are now in control of a scorched-earth White House war against the Russia probes.
\Gabby Giffords is a fighter. Let's keep in our prayers the hope that she once again joins us back here on the floor of this, the people's House,\ he said.
Donald Trump announced that Hodgkinson has died.
The suspect reportedly supported Sanders' presidential campaign last year.
Time to face our reality so we can fix it.
All universities need money for research and student support, but they do not have to advertise and glorify the name of donors
Back in March, Colorado Sen. Cory Gardner joined fellow Republican Senators Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia, Lisa Murkowski
While cable news has been transfixed by James Comey and Jeff Sessions, Mitch McConnell has been busy. He is preparing to
By James Goldgeier, American University School of International Service George H.W. Bush, who recently turned 93, was the
A federal warrant unsealed in May reveals how immigration authorities are using an invasive cell phone snooping tool, known
In the dust storm kicked up last week over former FBI Director James Comey\u2019s testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee
Attorney General Jeff Sessions may have misspoken when questioned by Republican Senator John McCain yesterday during the
Could the president's low approval ratings be driving a more cautious response?
It is my hope Congressman Scalise (R-La) and the others who were wounded in the shooting in Alexandria fully recover from
Calling poverty a \u201cstate of mind\u201d insults the millions of people who experience its harsh reality.
Trump would do well to study what happened when another president, Richard Nixon, hunkered down in 1973 and fired Archibald Cox, the special prosecutor appointed to investigate the Watergate scandal.
It takes genuine chutzpah for Republicans to complain Obamacare doesn't cover enough people.
Trump's decision constitutes a serious offense against our planet and against humanity.
Not a great day.
Scientists predict rising seas will soon swamp Virginia's Tangier Island. The president doesn't seem to believe it.
\That is not to say we can\u2019t get there as we look for common ground.\
The attorney general disputed the testimony of former FBI Director James Comey on concerns over Trump conduct.
\Nobody's hiding the ball here. You're free to ask anybody anything,\ Sen. Mitch McConnell said after reporters were barred from asking questions in the halls.
\u201cThese additional sanctions will ... send a powerful and bipartisan statement to Russia and any other country who might try to interfere in our elections that they will be punished.\
\u201cI am protecting the right of the president to assert [executive privilege] if he chooses,\u201d he said.
A website on climate resilience for Native American tribes is the latest victim of anti-science cleansing.
Anderson Cooper's reaction was one for the ages.
Tom Perriello is hoping to upset Lt. Gov. Ralph Northam in the race for governor.
The president's eldest son called the hearing a \witch hunt train wreck\ on Twitter.
The attorney general challenged the former FBI director's version of events.
Cuba \u201cmust begin to address human rights challenges,\ he said.
And the president, as he's wont to do, complained on Twitter about the latest ruling against him.
The move opens the door for future troop increases.
This fiscal year's deaths of ICE detainees are the most since 2011.
This is fine
The president is said to have admonished senators to be \more generous\ with their version of the bill.
In a sharp reversal, the U.S. has started prioritizing battlefield gains over civilian safety.
The move from Sen. Todd Young (R-Ind.) suggests more Republicans could vote against the deal.
He insists that he \wasn't trying to make a comparison.\
And more of the latest polling.
At the time of Bharara\u2019s firing, his office was conducting an investigation into Trump\u2019s secretary of health and human services, Tom Price.
Corey Ladd's harsh sentence for a half-ounce of weed shed light on the draconian penalties for drug possession.
Wait, is this what the Ryan standing up to Trump would look like?
A stiff sentence for Edward Welch for his Comet Ping Pong assault would deter other \would-be vigilantes,\ prosecutors argue.
Twitter is incredulous as the daughter of the man who called Mexican immigrants \rapists\ is shocked by ugly politics.
Judge Michael Cicconetti is known for his unusual sentencing methods -- and he says they work.
History has taught us that firing Mueller would be a terrible idea. And Trump can\u2019t resist a terrible idea.
The Summer of Trump continues. 1. J.P. Morgan Chase have pulled their ads from NBC to protest Megyn Kelly\u2019s upcoming interview
Tomorrow, the Senate Judiciary Committee will hold a hearing on two circuit court nominees
I came home on Sunday from my granddaughter\u2019s bridal shower and was shocked to find an inbox full of emails sent to my non
Google defines Scorched Earth Policy as \u201ca military strategy of burning or destroying buildings, crops, or other resources
Contrary to the stories in the media, most of the people that Mayor de Blasio wants to cut from our program are not undocumented or dangerous.
Repressive regimes think if they shut human right defenders in jail they will put and end to their work. They are wrong. A
I recently wrote a critique of the Marxists (and key Democratic Party strategists) who dismiss national liberation and gender
I wanted to wait a bit after former FBI Director James Comey\u2019s Senate testimony to let it all settle. In the next few days
In the 1980s and \u201990s the U.S. relied on tougher laws which mandated mandatory minimum sentencing that did nothing to reduce
While Sessions jumped in when he should have stayed out, he also got out when he should have stayed in.
Don\u2019t you love it when you can say \u201cI told you so\u201d? That\u2019s what many legal experts are saying today. Last week, many speculated
The Ninth Circuit just struck down Trump\u2019s travel ban (again.)
The EPA administrator had time to eat prosciutto and make pasta though.
Critics of Saudi Arabia's ongoing and bloody U.S.-backed campaign in Yemen might just get a win this week.
Gianforte's sentence includes community service, anger management training and fines -- but no jail time.
\u201cPeople continue to mistake us [Asian-Americans] for foreigners no matter how hard we assimilate and show our loyalty.\u201d
The president kicked off his \workforce development week\u201d amid the ongoing Russia probe.
Ah do declare...
The House version would drive 23 million people from health care, and the Senate's version may be no better.
Officials \must answer for what they do and say,\ including tweets, lawmaker says.
A federal appeals court refused to revive the president's executive order imposing travel restrictions on people from six Muslim-majority countries.
The White House is looking to repeal a rule issued by the Obama administration that would have brought more transparency to anti-union campaigns.
\We aren\u2019t required to display signs of respect -- our respect is earned, not demanded,\ the mayor said.
The lawsuit alleges that the president's continued ownership of his real estate business violates the Constitution.
\u201cAppreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism,\ he tweeted soon after the massacre at Pulse nightclub.
Why do we bother learning anything?
\Beautiful bride,\ he says.
But some activists are losing patience with the party.
Trump is telling the world \America doesn\u2019t want to lead,\ McCain said.
The number of times I would\u2019ve been expected to be called by the president of the United States would be zero.
The president's daughter left out several major faiths, including Hinduism, Buddhism and Sikhism.
Whoops.
The Environmental Protection Network is already mobilizing against the draconian budget cuts.
There are four important lessons to be gleaned here for Americans coping with the world of Donald Trump.
The Trump administration is on the brink of making decision on another \u2018surge\u201d in Afghanistan. A significant increase in
Even if you attended the 4,000-strong Peoples Summit in Chicago on June 9-11 organized by folks from the Bernie Sanders campaign
If we depend on corporate goodwill or right-wing generosity, we are all screwed.
My adopted hometown of South Orange, New Jersey, has a median household income that tops $116,700 \u2013 more than two times the
Neeeews. 1. Puerto Rico voted in favor of US statehood. However, the historically low turnout rate points to a disinterest
Meanwhile, the White House is doing all it can to change the subject, but with little success.
They're happily turning the other cheek.
Lately I have been thinking that the whole \u201cobstruction of justice\u201d issue that we are all focusing on has allowed President
\u201cLook at the rest of the developed world!\u201d That\u2019s perhaps the strongest argument in favor of adopting some form of universal
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in a letter that he will appear before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Tuesday.
\u201cI don\u2019t understand why the president just doesn\u2019t clear up the matter once and for all.\
Fears of large-scale protests greeting the U.S. president is cited as reason.
While defending his father, Donald Trump Jr. seemed to lend credence to Comey's version of events.
The president offered to testify under oath. The Senate's Democratic leader says bring it on.
Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello campaigned last year on holding a referendum.
You would be much better off if you got Trump out in the next few months, and then regrouped under President Pence.
This is not a condemnation of your vote or your anger toward a government system in need of fixing.
Comey provided an explosive account of an attempted cover-up by the president.
There is little reason for optimism, even in the short term.
For as long as they have existed, nations have clung to the illusion that their military strength guarantees their security
When is a tax dollar not a tax dollar? When it\u2019s used to pay for a school voucher. That\u2019s the slight of hand behind much
Two Americans \u201ctestified\u201d this week
In my last post, I talked about confirmation bias where people look for and believe information that supports their pre-conceived
\His enthusiasm was authentic and humble, in a way that made things feel less heavy for a moment.\
The Census Bureau fuels a huge number of U.S. businesses, but the White House is underfunding it just as it prepares for its greatest task.
He agrees that more help from his national party would have been welcomed.
House Financial Services Committee members seek possible money links.
\There has to be some kind of arms-length relationship\ between the president and law enforcement, Preet Bharara says.
Republican Michael Williams spoke at the \March Against Sharia\ rally in Atlanta.
The president is allying himself with those blockading the tiny country, but he's made attempts to secure Qatari investments in the past.
The U.S.S. Gabrielle Giffords is only the third Navy ship named after a living woman.
And all because the Supreme Court could soon determine the legality of Trump's executive order.
Funny what happens when officials actually believe in the program.
A Forbes probe finds large sums were paid to a Trump golf club that hosted fundraisers.
I read the news in perfect silence, my heart winding down in my chest as though practicing for the death that would come
President Donald Trump and former F.B.I. chief James Comey engaged this week in an extended game of \Liar, liar!\ Or, more
The announcement of the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris Climate Accords was a defining moment with implications far greater
By Christopher Zoukis At a recent graduation in Arkansas, there were no mortarboards and gowns allowed \u2014 those could hide
By David Campbell, Binghamton University, State University of New York and Kristina Lambright, Binghamton University, State
By David Stebenne, The Ohio State University Puerto Ricans who turned out to vote in a referendum June 11 overwhelmingly
Yesterday, as the news cycles were dying down, the Trump Justice Department (DOJ) dropped a bombshell brief which Bloomberg
The Apple CEO trolled the president during his commencement speech at MIT.
While most of Washington was eagerly awaiting former FBI Director James Comey's Thursday appearance before the Senate Intelligence
The base wants it. Now a big-name funder does too.
Republic Report, which focuses on how money corrupts democracy, has met its perfect mate with the administration of President
Hate groups rallied in 28 cities across 21 states.
Almost a year after the primary ended, the British election is giving activists new hope.
And they\u2019re attracting neo-Nazis, white supremacists and armed anti-government groups.
Few think Trump was right to fire Comey.
An Afghan commando opened fire on the American soldiers in eastern Afghanistan, a local official said.
Yet Fox News seems to have no problem with Trump putting ketchup on his well-done steaks.
This is the same alliance Trump used to call \obsolete.\
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! President Donald
And for Brexit.
The 25-year-old pleaded not guilty to mailing classified intelligence reports to a news organization.
The gloating goes off the rails after Comey hearing.
Without action, climatic risks could \u201cintersect, amplify and ripple across countries,\u201d warns a new report.
\It is beyond unacceptable that the state of Missouri has launched a photo ID requirement while not sufficiently preparing, educating voters, or funding it.\
One of these men is lying. Which one is more credible?
Lordy, that's a lot of people.
\There is a real similarity between what he has done and what I did,\ Sanders said.
\u201cDo not throw large kegs off of tall buildings.\u201d
And that may further diminish the attorney general's standing in the eyes of Donald Trump.
Democrats must choose between being the party of the Good Aristocrats and the party that fights Authoritarians.
He was charged with second-degree murder, but his case ended in a mistrial.
Romney said Clinton encouraged him to take the job if it was offered.
Charles Grassley's letter is another sign of Republicans' growing frustration with Trump.
Troubling inconsistencies have emerged in testimony from the department\u2019s command staff and rank-and-file.
The Republican bill hurts those who need the most help, a new report finds.
And more of the latest polling news.
\u201cMy family members were picked up in the streets of Paris in the very same way.\
Progressive and anti-authoritarian policies seem to have worked.
\u201cIt\u2019s a judicial do-over.\u201d
The New York congressman's stock pitch to colleagues \just reeks of insider trading,\ a watchdog says.
Michael Dreeben knows the federal criminal code inside and out.
Trump long history of falsehoods against Comey\u2019s boy scout reputation.
The former FBI director called Trump a liar.
City Hall is confident it struck the best deal, but police reformers say it won't go far enough.
After the \pharma bro\ and EpiPen, this could be the next big battle in drug pricing.
The president has a long history of threatening legal action against his perceived enemies.
Trump The Wary Tycoon rather than Trump The Emerging Statesman came through in the Rose Garden speech.
By Thomas Kennedy For a big chunk of my childhood, teenage years and early adulthood, my parents and I were undocumented
Previously published on Boston Globe.\u00a0 Faced with James Comey\u2019s testimony, President Trump and his defenders beckon us down
Deep cuts to Medicaid will imperil key programs necessary to treat vulnerable American students.
The president is eager to push a health bill through Congress that nonpartisan sources say will devastate millions of American families.
In two recent United States Supreme Court cases, Justices across the ideological spectrum cast a critical eye towards the
But there's only so much we can do without serious government help.
As the years tick by, while American politicians hem and haw, and American people look away, these stranded prisoners age.
There are real consequences for people amidst the political showmanship in Washington, D.C.
Trump is a liability and there\u2019s a tremendous risk to Republicans in thinking he is immune from political gravity.
As Wynn begins to raise millions for Trump and his GOP puppets in Congress, all Americans should question his and Trump\u2019s motivation for their alliance.
The issue regarding intent is, was Trump trying to stop an investigation for a corrupt purpose? And the answer to that is yes.
There were no outright bombshells, but plenty of significant moments.
The rain has been pouring down on the White House all week, and Fox News can\u2019t make it stop. In what has arguably been President
Which begins at 10 a.m. ET.
The former FBI director said that possible perjury is part of \the criminal inquiry.\
The president might see zeroed-out funding for foreign food aid as \putting America first,\ but members of Congress clearly disagree.
Special counsel Robert Mueller is looking into it, the former FBI director believes.
\Fact check
She connected the horrific attack to the White House\u2019s \u201cMuslim ban\u201d and its \attack on civil rights.\
The former FBI director may have broken the law, Marc Kasowitz said in a statement.
Based on James Comey\u2019s show-stopping opener, this summer theater production is in for a long run.
He said it was President Donald Trump's \hope\ to obstruct an investigation, not that he achieved it.
Some are saying he should have refused to listen to the president in a private setting.
Senators will vote early next week on a small part of the president\u2019s $110 billion agreement. The deal's critics are cautiously optimistic.
Whadda guy
The time has come.
From taking sides in the Qatar dispute to leaning on an FBI director to drop an investigation, Trump\u2019s blunders should be excused, the argument goes.
Donald Trump Jr. called Comey's comments \BS\ in one of the dozens of tweets he sent during the hearing.
Democracy can be doggone wonderful!
Chase Rogers became the latest prominent judge to tell immigration authorities to consider the courts a \u201csensitive location.\u201d
Nevada just enacted a slew of women's rights laws under a GOP governor.
Did you expect anything less?
The president does, despite spokespeople refusing to comment on the matter for days.
The GOP quickly hailed the fired FBI director's opening statement as \vindication\ for Trump, yet smeared Comey as untrustworthy. \ud83e\udd14
\u201cAs the Bible tells us, we know that the truth will prevail.\
\I'll try to look under the couches,\ Sarah Huckabee Sanders said.
If any such tapes exist, it won't just be Comey's word versus Trump's.
The president is good at one thing political
He's served as an adviser to Donald Trump on voter fraud and immigration issues.
The president could eliminate as many as 27 national monuments.
HuffPost's graphic guide to the main investigations taking place.
Andres Maga\u00f1a Ortiz has called the U.S. home for the last 28 years.
Senate Republicans are closer than ever to passing their own health care bill.
\I wish I'd been there that night,\ the former FBI director said of the planned date with his wife.
Allegedly trying to lean on James Comey to end the Michael Flynn investigation has put Trump in a bad place.
Apparently taking Medicaid away from millions is fine as long as it happens slowly.
Comey\u2019s not \showboating\... this time.
Leaving the Paris Agreement is like Brexit
While everyone else is glued to Comey TV, the discredited for-profit college trade association CECU is meeting this week
A Georgia highway would create its own clean, renewable energy and generate income by selling power to utility companies
When President Donald Trump withdrew the United States from the Paris climate agreement, he acted in concert with 22 Republican
By\u00a0Douglas M. Charles, Pennsylvania State University How are U.S. presidents and FBI directors supposed to communicate? A
Women make 80 percent of all health care decisions in the U.S.
This time it\u2019s not U.S. subprime mortgages at the heart of a budding banking crisis.
News Comeys and news goeys. 1. James Comey\u2019s opening statement began with the explosive testimony that the White House is
Having yesterday\u2019s corporate lobbyists oversee policy contradicts the president's campaign promise.
\u201cTell them, I want everybody to know, I want everybody on the train to know, I love them...\u201d These words are also part of
Which would be the first time the Islamic State has struck within Iran's borders.
Privacy advocates have criticized the law for allowing the incidental collection of data belonging to millions of Americans without a search warrant.
It\u2019s not working.
It's full of interesting tidbits.
At the center of the legal battle is an Obama-era rule that vastly expanded overtime pay to salaried workers.
Winner is the Trump administration's first leaks-related arrest.
The race to replace Gov. Chris Christie had gotten off to a slow start.
\States that sponsor terrorism risk falling victim to the evil that they promote,\u201d he warned.
In a rare meeting between a state official and a national leader, Gov. Jerry Brown discussed climate change cooperation this week with China's President Xi Jinping.
\This seems a tad tone deaf.\
Most say it was inappropriate for the president to bash London's mayor after the London Bridge attack.
Believe it or not, we've heard this defense before from Team Trump.
Pressure is mounting for Republicans to stand up to Trump.
\I'm not prepared to answer your question today,\ Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats told Sen. Marco Rubio.
\u201cI lived through Watergate,\u201d he said. \u201cIt was a scary time.\
Tax credits for private companies to build public works help corporate profits, not ordinary Americans.
But they're still kind of far away.
Unlike with Obama, the former FBI director says he \felt compelled to document\ his one-on-one talks with the president.
The voters both candidates need might not care.
Trump told the former FBI director \I expect loyalty\ and asked him to drop the investigation into Michael Flynn, according to the testimony.
Trump has claimed the former FBI director told him three times he wasn't being investigated.
The 86-year-old is lobbying Congress on the anniversary of a landmark Supreme Court case on contraception.
Feel the Bern, budget office nominee Russell Vought!
And that\u2019s without even factoring in President Trump\u2019s withdrawal from the Paris climate accord.
...right?
Cringeworthy.
A decision this week could be another sign that justices are prepared to restrict the controversial use of asset forfeiture.
The president this week inflamed already-mounting tensions in the Gulf.
Karen Handel faces Democrat Jon Ossoff in a June 20 runoff.
Together again.
And they say finding out would jeopardize national security.
Comey, the FBI director who was fired last month, was once close with Christopher Wray, the man nominated to replace him.
Wray served as assistant attorney general under President George W. Bush and represented New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie during the Bridgegate scandal.
Then he decried the increase in name-calling and lack of manners in society today. \u00af\\_(\u30c4)_/\u00af
Donald Trump ran for the highest office with a very clear message
SurveyMonkey\u2019s election-eve poll conducted for The Sun gives the Conservative Party a tenuous 4-percentage-point lead.
President Trump ran on his business experience and ability to get things done. So why are so many important positions in his government still vacant?
The goal needs to be making insurance \u2013 and health care services \u2013 more affordable, not less.
Let\u2019s begin by setting our stage. On Tuesday, Trump tweeted
The American Health Care Act (AHCA) that is now before the Senate after passing the House of Representatives would allow
An estimated 31 million young adults are living with a pre-existing condition.
June 7 marked the 75th anniversary of the end of the Battle of Midway. The books and movies about this battle have been legion
It was 49 years ago today that RFK died from that killer\u2019s gunshot.
The party's modest aid for Archie Parnell pales in comparison to its efforts in Georgia.
He's trying to \change the story.\
The Knight First Amendment Institute wants the president to unblock certain Twitter users.
Steven G. Bradbury wrote the Bush administration's legal justification for interrogation techniques now widely regarded as torture.
The hosts of MSNBC's \Morning Joe\ asked the EPA head nine times before he gave an answer.
And more of the latest polling news.
Asian-Americans are three times less likely than whites to seek mental health services.
Gov. Greg Abbott called for a special legislative session with a socially conservative agenda.
Republicans have tried nothing, and they're all out of ideas.
Yesterday, they were downplaying his Twitter feed as a media \obsession.\
Apparently corporate courage only goes so far.
His statements come amid sensitive negotiations, and after Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson tried to calm tensions.
Good luck, guy!
Experts say seismic testing to find drill sites could harm thousands of animals and affect coastal communities.
This could get interesting.
And here's what Theresa May had to say.
Let the hurt go, beloved.
Snowden said Reality Winner's treatment is bad news for the First Amendment.
The education secretary faced intense questioning in a Senate hearing about whether she would stand up for the civil rights of students.
by Ashley Balcerzak There isn\u2019t much Turkey wouldn\u2019t do to go after Fethullah Gulen, the controversial cleric Turkish leader
Five things you should care about
Sean Spicer refused to say whether Trump still has confidence in Sessions.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has suggested that the U.K. should cancel President Trump\u2019s scheduled state visit because of tweets
Michael D\u2019Andrea, the man Donald Trump has put in charge of intelligence operations in Iran, invented the so-called signature strike.
Is Trump trying to make enemies of our greatest allies?
Barely more than 100 days into his presidency, Donald Trump has already cemented his legacy as little more than an obedient
By Gilion Dumas, Andrew Willis and Melanie Blow The Boy Scouts of America has reportedly joined the Catholic Church in fighting
Dr. Michael Mann, the Distinguished Professor of Atmospheric Science at Penn State University and one of the nation\u2019s top
Progressives should stop re-litigating the campaign and start pushing clearly pro-worker policies.
Trump\u2019s approach runs counter to everything we know about creating a more peaceful and prosperous world.
This is hardly Nixonian Watergate stuff.
The issue has long perplexed lower courts and alarmed privacy advocates.
If they're successful, SB 4 would not go into effect on Sept. 1 as planned.
And what London's mayor had to say to President Donald Trump.
Samira Hakimi and her two children were freed. But her sister and newborn are still locked up at the Karnes detention center.
Trump announced last Thursday that he would withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord.
The president stomped on the White House's message.
The president's response to the London attack leaves terrorism experts perplexed and worried.
Trump needs to do his job by naming ambassador nominees, a Democratic Senate aide responds.
\They do not know God because they have rejected Jesus Christ,\ Russell Vought wrote of Muslims.
Taking the express train to Jerk Town
Ryan Zinke's address to American Petroleum Institute  directors financially benefitted the president.
\It would be hard to find a statement more antithetical to Christianity.\
The congressman responded by dismissing Kim Weaver's claims as \a fabrication.\
His administration has been arguing it's not a \u201ctravel ban,\u201d merely a pause \u2013 but Trump is proudly calling it a \u201cTRAVEL BAN.\u201d
\All of Christendom... is at war with Islamic horror,\ says Rep. Clay Higgins (R-La.).
\On what planet can trump be a president??\ Yousef Al Otaiba wrote in an email on election night.
Guess it's definitely a \ban.\
He's scheduled to testify this week.
Views on the subject are increasingly polarized.
Given the U.S.\u2019 unique struggle with homegrown extremism, the president should consider looking inward.
The Trump administration has already done enormous harm to the United States and the planet. Along the way, Trump has also
The costs of inaction are higher than the costs of action, and everyone can see it.
\Hate crime\ has become America's safety phrase.
President Trump has a knack for bad optics. The day after he fired FBI Director James Comey in hopes of taking the pressure
Last week I anticipated President Trump\u2019s shortsighted decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord and predicted that
The focus on reducing our public lands sent me looking to see what former presidents have done.
Leaders of the DPRK reject the proposition that U.S. approval is required for them to build nuclear weapons.
The fate of the Earth now rests in the hands of two unnervingly narcissistic men.
It\u2019s going to be an interesting week\u2026. 1. Arrests were made in Portland at pro and anti-Trump protests. It\u2019s a weird world
Former Goldman Sachs executive Phil Murphy leads the state's Democratic gubernatorial primary ahead of Tuesday's election.
An opportunity to provide some counter-programming to the drumbeat of Russia news.
Top Democrat on the Senate's Intelligence Committee says that while definitive proof of collusion is lacking, there is \u201ca lot of smoke.\u201d
Scott Pruitt faces tough grilling on \Fox News Sunday\ over Trump\u2019s decision to withdraw from Paris climate deal.
The grudges now dividing the United States have taken the schism of He versus Her, in reference to President Donald Trump
Politically ignorant citizens care a lot about what government does to hurt or help them, but apathy creeps in when we feel powerless.
The UAE ambassador called U.S. partner nation Qatar \corrupt\ and Trump-linked GOP commentator Elliott Abrams joked about a military takeover there.
This city has been preparing for war for a week.
Karen Fleshman is a Racial Equity Trainer and Government Accountability Activist. Her mission is to build and support a community
\u201cWe need to be smart, vigilant and tough,\u201d Donald Trump tweeted soon after the horrible terror attack in London on and close
The Trump administration this week appeared to take a potential step closer to backing efforts plotted by Saudi Arabia and
Mayor Sadiq Khan \has more important things to do than respond to Donald Trump's ill-informed tweet.\
At this rate, we may never know.
The president doesn't seem interested in exerting executive privilege.
\u201cAmericans will honor and fulfill the Paris Agreement by leading from the bottom up \u2014 and there isn\u2019t anything Washington can do to stop us.\u201d
Archie Parnell has an uphill battle in a district that went heavily for Donald Trump.
The \blue card\ proposal would give undocumented farmworkers a path to a legal status. Republicans aren't jumping on board.
Trump is still looking for a new FBI director more than three weeks after he fired James Comey
HuffPost confirmed eight inflammatory D.C. insider email exchanges, including between Yousef Al Otaiba and former Defense Secretary Robert Gates.
The chairman recused himself in April, but doesn\u2019t want to give up the reins.
\u201cAnd he believes pollutants are part of that equation,\ she says.
Its central purpose is to demonize Islam.
The Potemkin Presidency is now becoming obvious to many.
Greg Gianforte was elected to office last week by the people of Montana after a violent altercation with a Guardian reporter
Another Memorial Day has marched past. I am a Vietnam-era veteran who served stateside as a conscientious objector. For six
In his climate abdication message, President Trump made clear his love of self over love of country and globe
France's newly elected President Emmanuel Macron has taken his place on the world stage and pulls no punches \u2013 or hand-shakes
The president reacted before authorities had released any information about the suspects.
The far-right website is known for hawking conspiracy theories.
The Never Trumpers aren't in a great place right now.
She crossed the taste line\u2014that\u2019s all.
It adds further shade after the French president's message to \u201cmake our planet great again.\u201d
Crowds demanded a fair investigation from coast to coast.
In the future, we should name major disasters after the person most responsible for causing them.
A declassified executive summary of the report was made public in December 2014.
The tweets speak for themselves.
When Obama delivered job numbers, he was \u201caggressively sustaining mediocrity.\u201d When Trump delivers the exact same numbers, he\u2019s a hero.
Critics say legitimate voters may not have the necessary proof of a \domicile\ in the state.
\I'm deeply troubled.\
He also cites it wrong because that's our president.
And what happens next.
New York City's mayor says he's prioritizing. Immigrant rights groups say this looks more like discrimination.
The fund for Democratic women backs Katie Porter in California's 45th District.
\Donald Trump doesn't know what he's talking about.\
\I can just feel the order of the world shifting a bit east,\ one leading environmentalist says.
\u00af\\_(\u30c4)_/\u00af
And more of the latest polling news.
His disingenuous comments ignore the GOP politicians who have spoken out on climate issues.
The senior correspondent says Scott Pruitt has his \head in the sand\ on climate change.
Facing global criticism, the president seeks solace on Twitter.
In an exclusive interview, Taliesin Myrddin Namkai-Meche's girlfriend remembers her last moments with a young man excited about life.
The president never even mentioned, you know, global warming.
\We as Muslim Americans are here to stay,\ activist Linda Sarsour told the crowd.
White House officials keep refusing to say whether President Trump believes in global warming.
\Climate change is real! Duh!\
A federal judge ruled earlier this year that the state's current law was passed with the intent to discriminate.
Proposed cuts to a number of federal programs would make efforts to fight toxic algal blooms more difficult.
\We can\u2019t sit back and just do nothing while people are getting sick and dying.\
There are hardly any, but there is one major loser -- our planet.
His remarks came in an interview with NBC News' Megyn Kelly.
The camps are gone, but \it doesn't mean that we're not doing work somewhere.\
\Donald Trump doesn\u2019t know anything about anything.\
Even before his Paris decision, the president's actions had already derailed efforts in the U.S. to fight climate change.
James Comey will testify before a Senate intelligence panel next week.
Ready for a challenge?
But to resonate with voters, Democrats can't just \talk about the winter and seals.\
The Justice Department seeks stays of two orders that have blocked the U.S. from shutting the door on citizens of six Muslim-majority nations and refugees.
The Senate is drafting a health care bill that could erase hundreds of billions in Medicaid funding.
Fighting for the Paris accords is my duty.
If we insist on making this incident only about her epic failure in judgment, then we are overlooking the larger problem that our society is facing.
Society\u2019s most vulnerable deserve treatment and care, not less public investment and certainly not a jail cell.
The political genius of President Trump\u2019s speaking style is that there are so many falsehoods per minute that people\u2019s eyes
Inside-the-beltway pundits and journalists have been making the same mistake for decades
The administration continues to impose unreasonable administrative hurdles on visa applicants from Muslim-majority countries.
By Thomas Kennedy In 2011, the Florida legislature attempted to pass an Arizona-style \u201cshow me your papers\u201d law at the behest
The Democrats also missed the economic stress and social problems in the cities themselves and in working-class suburbs.
This private, militarized contractor turned indigenous people's homes into war zones.
\u201cThis is not about whether climate change is occurring or not.\
Reports say he is preparing to pull out of the Paris accord.
Scott Pruitt claims he's going to fix the agency's struggling toxic cleanup program not with more money but with a change in attitude.
Less than a third of white evangelicals believe that climate change is a problem.
The president declared June an honorary month for environmental causes, but his administration has only worked to undermine such efforts.
The president is backing down from a controversial campaign promise \u2014 at least for now.
Angry constituents have held creative protests to draw attention to absent lawmakers.
\I saw our planet change in one decade. This is nuts.\
Striking a bad note.
\Our withdrawal from this agreement will do so much harm that hundreds of thousands of people will die,\ said Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy.
Exiting the Paris Agreement is a major blow to the fight against climate change.
Trump suggested leaving the global climate deal would be good for Pittsburgh.
They say Democrats have been talking up a flawed study.
U.S. Catholic leaders also condemned the president's decision.
And if you don't care about it, they'll convince you otherwise.
\u201cThe nations that remain in the Paris Agreement will be the nations that reap the benefits in jobs and industries created.\
Comey has not spoken publicly since the president fired him on May 9.
The Office of Personnel Management insisted that a congresswoman get a Republican to co-sign her standard request.
The bogus posters bear the seal of the Department of Homeland Security.
The president's first trip abroad also appears to have sparked crackdowns in Bahrain and Egypt.
In a statement, Micah Fletcher also told the city's Muslim community they \are loved.\
\It\u2019s a disappointing and embarrassing day for the United States.\
\This will have repercussions for how other countries respond to the U.S., not just on the climate playing field.\
The memo was sent to all EPA employees on Thursday afternoon.
Immigration cases already occupy about half of the federal criminal docket.
Cities and states are ready to tackle the climate crisis without Trump.
So, comedienne Kathy Griffin\u2019s head appears to be on the chopping block. That\u2019s a metaphor, of course, and as of now it is
America can\u2019t afford to move backward.
Remember when we had to deal with a story like President Obama wearing a tan suit for like a week? What about when something
Trump keeps paving the way for the death of the Republican Party.
I\u2019m sitting in one of the most beautiful spots in the world, under a tower of war. Back in the United States it\u2019s Memorial
We demand that Congress and the Department of Justice do their jobs.
Mr. President, on October 15, 2016, twenty-five days before you were elected the 45 President of the United States of America
*If* Putin had made a deal with Trump, what would it look like?
Even before the ascension of Trump, the Pentagon\u2019s effort to pivot eastward had come up short.
American schools are divided by the haves and the have-nots. Many Americans want this to change.
The NYC mayor said it's \unconscionable\ for the president to \step away\ from the pact.
And more of the latest polling news.
Immigrants who face sexual assault and domestic violence are avoiding police and dropping court cases, a new survey shows.
Reports say influence-peddlers Corey Lewandowski and David Urban could join the White House staff.
The Bernie Sanders supporter has strong ties in the progressive community.
Congressional investigators are seeking documents and testimony from Michael Cohen and Michael Flynn.
Many Americans view their political opponents as enemies, not just rivals.
But a majority remained silent.
Russia is moving ahead with drilling plans in the region.
New Jersey primaries Tuesday will pick candidates to replace term-limited Gov. Chris Christie.
Chris Cillizza edition.
\u201cFree speech or die, Portland!\u201d
And when to expect it to go into effect.
A Hawaii case shows that not even \good hombres\ are safe, Judge Stephen Reinhardt said.
\I can't stop seeing Darell Issa as Michael Scott.\
How did we get here?
John Kelly just keeps carrying out some of the president's most controversial policies.
Meet our commander-in-chief, President horse_ebooks
The 10-point deficit is faint hope, though, in the deep-red House district.
European diplomats in Washington look for workarounds. They have more faith than many of us do that the U.S. can survive Trump.
Bryan Moles, 43, was arrested and charged with carrying illegal firearms and ammunition.
Trump has yet to make his decision official but is required by law to act by Friday.
The U.S. would join Syria and Nicaragua in rejecting the historic pact to address global warming.
Musk previously said he had \no choice\ in the matter.
On Wednesday, May 31, the White House reported that it has pulled out of the climate deal struck by 195 countries in Paris
House minority leader jokes she'd \rather have President Bush.\
How did we get to be here in a span of four months?
The president has immense power and, despite the Russia saga, he is using it.
Donald Trump may not care about human rights in Vietnam, but the U.S. Congress does.
Zbigniew Brzezinski\u2019s Finnish model continues to raise several concerns. It is based on the assumption that in return for
The company wants its drivers to be able to work unlimited hours, and now plans to sell them insurance against the accidents that are sure to occur.
The fact that so few voters seemed to be deterred by a candidate violently assaulting a reporter gives reason for pause.
Several states that prosecute 16-year-old offenders as adults are reconsidering that approach. By Teresa Wiltz You have to
by Elizabeth Van Brocklin A federal fund that helps crime victims pay for medical care, mental health counseling, and funeral
He should best refrain from bashing bilateral trade deficits unless there is evidence of unfair trade practices.
Originally published here. Donald Trump made a key promise during his presidential campaign to revise the nation\u2019s tax code
It is time to push Congress for a humane budget that shows the world that the U.S. cares about women and girls.
Some news to go with your morning covfefe. 1. The United States has successfully tested their anti-missile interception system
He previously declined to cooperate with the investigation.
Ohio officials are illegally targeting people for not voting, plaintiffs say.
The president went to the Middle East during his first official trip out of the country.
Most think the executive order is intended to target Muslims.
And its financial nature.
The so-called \provocation rule\ can't be used against police officers in excessive force cases.
\u201cHonestly, I haven\u2019t asked him that,\ the White House press secretary said Tuesday.
A modest proposal.
\u201cIf we allow the government to shut down speech for some, we all will pay the price down the line.\
The proposed changes would lead to little actual change, though.
\I\u2019m not going to get into confirming stuff,\ he said.
After the president's first trip abroad, allies say they can no longer depend on America.
Some of the militias under consideration are recognized as \extreme antigovernment groups.\
Press secretary Sean Spicer also complained about the use of \unnamed sources.\
\u201cI\u2019m going to presume he did this at the behest of [Trump],\ the former agency member says.
History probably won't be kind to this generation of Republicans.
Archie Parnell is running in the fictional Underwood's congressional district.
The Vermont senator spent his freshman year at the school.
A new interactive map shows what the American Health Care Act will do in every county.
Donald Trump, then-host of NBC\u2019s \u201cThe Celebrity Apprentice\u201d and now-President of the United States, began using his infamous
But they never made their case publicly.
Also
Members of Congress should demand that this FBI director process stop right now.
Cutting the program signals to our young people, and the world, how we view public service.
Donald Trump\u2019s 2018 health care budget proposal is loaded with all kinds of campaign talking points
It\u2019s time for philanthropic giants to join America\u2019s fight to end the addiction crisis.
We should care what foreign people and politicians think of us.
He\u2019s playing dishonest word games to defend the indefensible.
South Korea long ago surpassed its northern antagonist economically and technologically.
Labor advocates say highlighting abuses is a crucial tool to deter bad employers.
The administration has so far ignored the serious challenges facing the AAPI community \u2013 and the federal role in addressing these challenges.
Since 1999, secretaries of state from both parties have hosted Ramadan break fasts or receptions.
\He is my boss and my elder,\ says the president's counselor.
Kushner's reported actions suggest \u201cwe are in a really dark place as a society,\ Michael Hayden said.
The Secret Service today provides the not-too-dramatic answer.
State Rep. Matt Rinaldi's call sparked an altercation with colleagues in the Mexican American Legislative Caucus.
Instead, the president tweeted about \fake news,\ attacked the media and congratulated Republicans on the congressional win in Montana.
Every Memorial Day, we honor those who sacrificed their lives in while serving in the United States\u2019 armed forces. Those
\Elites\ represent a number of interests, and some throughout history advocated for the common good.
The world distilled down to five short headlines. 1. In Texas, your college ID is no longer a valid form of voter identification
Has he even read the health care bill he\u2019s pushing?
By Roya Ijadi-Maghsoodi, University of California, Los Angeles In 2010, the Obama administration announced the ambitious
The Impact on Public Health & Mass Incarceration Attorney General Jeff Sessions has emerged as the most malignant figure
I am a Journalism professor.\u00a0 I don\u2019t teach fake news. I don\u2019t teach \u201cFabrication 101\u201d, \u201cAlternative Facts Seminar\u201d, or \u201cUniversity
His tweet comes more than two days after the act of anti-Muslim violence that claimed two lives.
The White House proposed massive cuts just days ago.
So much for that moderating force.
\We will take a closer look at how we go about following in the footsteps of New Orleans.\
Nearly five years ago, Ecuador granted WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange political asylum at its London embassy. The original
\u201cThe Russians tried to destroy the very fundamental of democracy, and that is to change the outcome of an American election.\u201d
\Qiaowai has touted its relationship with the current administration as a guarantee\ of a green card, Sen. Chuck Grassley wrote.
The emblem's original bearer \would be rolling over in his grave,\ a grandson tells The New York Times.
\It\u2019s normal, in my opinion, and acceptable,\ Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said amid the growing scandal.
\u201cIt took us a long time to get this low. It ain't going to happen in 2018.\
On Saturday, Trump said in a Twitter post he would make a decision on whether to support the Paris climate deal next week.
Defense secretary throws water on report that White House already decided to withdraw, as leading senator urges Trump to stay in the Paris Agreement.
\u201cIt\u2019s not just a picture,\u201d one boy said. \u201cIt\u2019s being associated with a person who puts his party before his country.\u201d
\#FakeNews is the enemy,\ the president declared.
\u201cWe need to get to the bottom of these allegations.\
Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly said on Sunday that the U.S. plans to \u201craise the bar\u201d on airline security.
\This has to be about an objective assessment about the facts that are going on right now,\ the potential 2020 contender said.
Places like Portland have much to learn from this tragedy.
Memorial Day is a federal holiday that honors and remembers the people who died while serving in the country\u2019s armed forces
Corbyn is similar to Bernie Sanders, and not just ideologically.
We celebrate this week the 100th anniversary of the birth of John F. Kennedy, a remarkable US President whose leadership
Two men are dead and one severely injured after coming to the aid of 2 young girls police say were being harassed by an alleged white supremacist.
Friends often exclaim to me about Donald Trump voters (some of whom are near and dear to them), \u201cWhy don\u2019t they see what
Federal initiatives that have been a lifeline for farmers and rural communities are on the chopping block.
The definitive breakdown of the most insane greeting in all of politics.
Trump either chose to hold himself apart from the other leaders or was exhausted.
The committee investigating Russian meddling in the U.S. election asked for all documents, emails and telephone records.
Police need any information the public might have about Salman Abedi movements from May 18 when he returned to Britain.
The White House could make the U.S. one of only three countries to reject the historic climate deal.
Top aides McMaster and Cohn refuse to comment on a report that Trump\u2019s son-in-law wanted to set up a secret back channel to speak with Russia.
Despite a Democratic majority in the state senate, Republicans control the upper chamber.
Is this the fashion version of  \let them eat cake?\
The president\u2019s first overseas trip was a tremendous success on all fronts, according to the president and his top advisers.
\Will a lawyer take up residence in the White House?\ wonders CNN correspondent.
This draconian budget erodes the security of our nation\u2019s future.
World War III did not erupt. So things could have been worse.
The president returns home facing even more crises than those he left behind.
We're getting ready for Memorial Day at our house. Like patriotic Americans all around the nation, we are looking forward
The Washington Post reported Friday that Jared Kushner proposed setting up a back-door channel to the Russians using their facilities during the transition.
He was the \most inspiring, loving and devoted father any girl could have,\ says daughter Mika Brzezinski of MSNBC.
Rep. Adrian Smith (R-Neb.) was asked about proposed food stamp cuts.
Leaders with integrity are hard to find in 2017. It's not just Donald Trump's fault.
The state\u2019s lieutenant governor thinks this is a huge priority.
Somebody should have told the president.
The contacts with the Russian ambassador included two phone calls between April and November.
Oleg Deripaska, who had Trump's former campaign manager on a $10 million annual contract, is apparently ready to sing.
The Back the Blue Act would also make it a federal crime to assault or kill a police officer.
The president still has long coattails in Big Sky Country.
It's his most aggressive effort yet to push back against allegations involving Russia and his campaign.
Democrats had hoped Montanans would send a signal of discontent with President Trump
Based on meetings he had in December.
Ready for a challenge?
His appointee Neil Gorsuch could help settle the matter.
Supporters say it's a vital service as Trump ramps up deportation efforts.
And more of the latest polling news.
Some senators have this radical idea that Congress should vote on bombing raids and foreign invasions. Here's why they're likely to lose that argument. Again.
Trump has yet to say anything about the assault believed ordered by the Turkish president on U.S. soil.
The development comes a day after an appeals court said the president's executive order \drips with religious intolerance.\
But who will honor Trump's ultimate sacrifice?
Sure, she's bad at her job. But that's not the same as complicity.
The twisted tale of a dubious document leaves more questions than answers.
The president made no reference to refugees.
During the first week of new hearings, two deputies caught in the middle refused to testify.
A decades-old experiment in open borders and trade is still in danger as a comedian-turned-politician pushes for Italy to leave the EU, too.
The move breaks with a bipartisan tradition in place with few exceptions for nearly 20 years.
A federal ruling says they should\u2019ve been freed months ago.
Their choices are severely limited.
Trump\u2019s long-promised $1 trillion investment in America\u2019s infrastructure turned out to be stealth privatization after all
The GOP is running a con job.
Your daily dose so you can seem more woke than your friends. 1. Jared Kushner is a person of interest in the Russia probe
By Christopher Zoukis It's a slow shift, but the criminal justice system moving its focus more toward rehabilitation and
Democrats should know better than to rely on GOP candidates shooting themselves in the foot.
Almost exactly two years after California\u2019s earned income tax credit was signed into law, we can say we\u2019ve got something
I am part of the 87 percent of the working class that has benefited from basic safety net policies.
This is how democracy works in the post Citizens United era.
Republican Congressman Greg Gianforte's half-hearted apology dripped with cowardice.
Additional flexibility is good for their clients as well.
Despite his promises, he would sacrifice the needs of ordinary people to reward millionaires, billionaires, and big corporations.
I\u2019m increasingly convinced that the real reason Ringling Bros. has gone out of business is that when it comes to circuses
After four enervating months of Donald Trump\u2019s presidency, Americans have seen four different sides of Trump. Trump the politician
The latest budget proposal from \u201cPresident\u201d Trump was released earlier this week, and if one thing wasn\u2019t already clear, it
A variety of local officials, from conservative sheriffs in Texas to a liberal county executive in New Jersey, are embracing
Let Trumpdom ring.
It may give the president bragging rights, but it is unlikely to bring any relief to working families.
Even the dictionary got in on the act.
\u201cThis is not fair to the people and taxpayers of the United States,\ Trump said in Brussels.
They say the president just wants to make it more difficult for people to vote.
Some GOP senators are so appalled by the House Obamacare repeal bill that they have little choice but starting fresh.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi compared Gianforte to a \wannabe Trump.\
\u201cThis is how we take our country back. This is how we do job creation.\
Please don't body slam us
But many say they're at least somewhat scared about the state of the world.
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee heeded warnings from former officials and modified the legislation.
Multiple GOP lawmakers said they've thought about attacking reporters themselves from time to time.
An FBI official helping the AG fill it out told him he didn't need to make the disclosure, a Justice Department spokeswoman says.
The agents were \u201cconducting a targeted enforcement action,\u201d an immigration official said.
Ahmed Hassan, locked up since December, says he just wants to finish his studies.
The ads are running as voters head to the polls Thursday.
How do they control themselves?
The CBO says it would result in 23 million fewer people with health insurance. What's not to love?
The investigation is gaining some steam.
The often-ignored issue finds a fragrant angel in Lush as it hopes to add mainstream support to every shopping bag.
The court said that the president's executive order \drips with religious intolerance, animus, and discrimination.\
\u201cSee the millions of cars they are selling in the U.S. Terrible.\
Yup, those promises to protect people with pre-existing conditions were lies.
Trump's budget director makes a tricky claim to argue proposed Social Security budget cuts don't break campaign promises.
Inside that 23 million number.
We won\u2019t transcend the culture of violence with a weapons deal.
Last week, Fox News commentator Tammy Bruce made headlines for calling a 10-year-old child a \u201csnowflake.\u201d The derogatory
There are problems when you either can\u2019t or won\u2019t read. You are completely dependent on others, weaseling advisors and media
Richard Maher, European University Institute President Donald Trump meets in Brussels today with leaders from the European
The tendency raises serious questions about his state of mind.
And 20 of the injured remain in critical condition.
The two have been at odds since the campaign.
Rep. John Conyers' single-payer bill has never been this popular.
Trump promised to read the pope's 184-page letter on climate change. But will he really?
Rep. Blake Farenthold's evidence? \Stuff circulating around on the internet.\
Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) says the committee will use \whatever compulsory process we need\ to get information from the former national security adviser.
Liliana Cruz Mendez isn't safe from removal yet.
The president has held a variety of conflicting views about the decades-old alliance in just a few months.
The seniors group is spending over $1 million.
Note to states that want to dilute the votes of minorities
\u201cI was a pleaser. I kind of remember wanting these celebrities to like me, so that I could keep going in this job.\
Rising temperatures have prompted \unprecedented\ ecological change across the Antarctic Peninsula.
\Where do I start?\ one senator said when asked what the holdup was on health care negotiations.
\The amount of pain and anguish this has caused us is unbearable,\ the Riches write in an op-ed.
It would \diminish the guest experience of our brand,\ a Trump Organization pamphlet says.
But he's suggesting some changes that could give the measure a path forward this summer.
And the CBO reports sick people are having the worst week in Washington
The father of four was written up for \creating a disturbance\u201d when he sought medical attention for breathing problems.
South Carolina's Mark Sanford said debate has to be based on \real numbers,\ not the Trump budget's \Goldilocks\ projections.
GOP candidates lose special elections in New York and New Hampshire.
Trump's budget cuts are baffling drug policy advocates and former government officials.
This budget\u2019s severe cuts single out our clean air and water and our attempts to fight climate disruption.
Welfare fraud costs states billions each year. But as states attempt to fish out fraud by conducting stricter and more frequent
Growing up in New York City with my Roy Rogers wallpaper and Hopalong Cassidy bedspread, I dreamed one day I would see Montana
Cuts in aid the United States provides to many Latin American countries will harm our nation\u2019s relationship with the region.
The bill would worsen the crisis while creating a host of new problems as well.
He posed as the common sense candidate, but now he has revealed himself as just an ignorant advocate of the conventional wisdom.
Last week, Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke announced his plans to accept a senior post in the Department of Homeland
The president suggests carving out $200 billion in federal funding, and relying on private tax incentives for the rest of the $1 trillion.
Sorry, Paul Ryan.
The president's proposal would cut the agency's budget by nearly one-third.
Senate leaders advised White House \minions\ to stay away and leave spending to them.
\He's a special guy,\ the Minnesota senator added.
Internal surveys show that voters still aren't comfortable with the idea.
They liked the idea when Hillary Clinton was their target. Now they say Donald Trump's carelessness doesn't count.
And more of the latest polling news.
We're still talking about Donald Trump's hands
Senate Intelligence Committee heads say the former Trump adviser's documents and businesses are not covered by the Fifth Amendment.
The public doesn\u2019t know if all staffers are abiding by Trump\u2019s own ethics pledge for appointees.
Cities and states receiving federal law enforcement grants would be required to work with immigration officials under the proposal.
A suspected suicide bomber killed at least 22 people and injured dozens more at an Ariana Grande concert on Monday.
A contemplation.
They said no, according to the report.
The ability to freely elect democratic leaders is the foundation of America, a former CIA chief said.
John Brennan left the CIA with \unresolved questions\ about whether Russian officials successfully got Americans to work on their behalf.
The president left an \odd\ note in the guest book at Israel's Yad Vashem.
The aim is to fight the model minority myth and spotlight invisible Asian-American communities.
In April, Ryan Zinke listened to Charles Johnson and Palmer Luckey's ideas for using technology along the U.S.-Mexico border.
The billionaire business magnate has said the U.S. should remain in the agreement.
Over 5,000 voters will be able to vote in a runoff election after a federal judge forced the state to extend its voter registration deadline.
No president has ever tried to do this.
\This is a budget for the billionaire class, for Wall Street, for corporate CEOs and for the wealthiest people in this country.\
22 are dead and more than 50 are injured.
Whoops!
The Fox News commentator won't let go of the conspiracy theory about the killing of a DNC staffer.
\u201cAny Trump campaign promises left unbroken? Well, let\u2019s see how many we can break in a single week!\u201d
The first time I saw the painting of Andrew Jackson beside your desk in the White House, it felt like getting a punch in
Democrats should do everything in their power to save Obamacare, even if that means changing it.
Mayor de Blasio's universal school lunch promise would be a sweeping pro-health, pro-child and pro-equity measure.
The Trump administration is releasing its 2018 budget today, and it is proposing cuts in international humanitarian aid of
Rural areas and distressed urban neighborhoods have long relied on the H-1B visa program to make up for a shortage of native
I thought Trump was for the working class?
Many advocate for education as a major, and alternative, solution.
Critics compare it to segregation. Some Republicans wanted something even harsher.
And other safety net programs.
A shiny, shiny sphere
It looks like Gorsuch sides with Justice Clarence Thomas, a noted opponent of restrictions on big donors.
\u201cI cannot see where the upside is,\u201d Royal Dutch Shell CEO says.
You may not have heard of the Democratic Socialists of America, but the group is attracting a lot of young political talent.
According to a document obtained by Democrats on the House oversight committee, Flynn misled Pentagon investigators.
Exchange on Minneapolis train goes viral.
That the president Is-raeli confused about geography doesn't help.
A lawsuit to cut off billions owed to insurance companies will continue.
Nobody said he said the thing he says \they were all saying\ he said.
Saudi Arabia severely punishes dissent, including with lashes and lengthy prison sentences, according to the U.S. State Department.
Turkish security guards kicked and beat up protesters last week.
Trump isn't shaping up to be the president some on the Israeli right expected.
The Senate intelligence committee subpoenaed documents from President Donald Trump's former national security adviser.
Trump\u2019s budget proposal is set to be unveiled on Tuesday.
When Fox News architect Roger Ailes\u00a0died\u00a0last Thursday, one of the common threads through the coverage of his career was
For progressives who think impeachment would ultimately be a win for Republicans
The most shocking aspect of President Trump\u2019s speech \u2013 perhaps except for the singling out of Iran \u2015 was the lack of shocking language.
On May 29, the United States and the world will celebrate the 100th anniversary of John F. Kennedy\u2019s birth. Tragically, President
While brick-and-mortar stores are closing, online retailing is flourishing \u2014 and states are trying to collect taxes on remote
After falling dramatically last Wednesday in reaction to concerns about political setbacks and controversies in the nascent
Six months ago today at Northwestern Medicine in Chicago, I donated my kidney to a stranger, and kicked off a chain of at
I benefit from an inheritance that has provided me with a level of comfort, access and power directly tied to our whiteness.
I\u2019m not a big fan of walking out on anybody about whom I may have had a negative preconception to begin with. Either I show
Under a capped program, states will have no choice in a recession but to further restrict Medicaid eligibility and benefits.
On May 12th, Attorney General Sessions took the first step toward following through on President Trump\u2019s campaign promise
Six decades ago, the U.S. Supreme Court took a bold stand in declaring that separate was inherently unequal.
There's a moral imperative to address America's addiction crisis, but there's also a practical, financial case.
To fight fake news in a bipartisan way, Republicans and Democrats\u00a0need to find it in themselves to trust professional journalism
In the bunkers of paranoid regimes, it\u2019s a rule of thumb that the enemy always lurks.
One thing inadvertently equips Trump to reconcile the professions of unique truthfulness by incompatible religions
By Adele M. Stan This article originally appeared at The American Prospect. Subscribe here. If Donald J. Trump loses his
But Jeff Sessions says the Justice Department may \tailor grants to promote a lawful system of immigration.\
Rep. Elijah Cummings has prepared a draft subpoena he wants the House Oversight Committee to send to the administration.
The president is being \hamstrung\ by constant leaks, he said.
Some graduates wore rainbow flags as they walked out.
Rubio said he's asked the White House to hand over notes on Donald Trump's meeting with Russian officials and with James Comey.
Don\u2019t fly across the world to build bridges. The work must start at home.
What will become of a party so insular that it cannot see the widespread contempt for many of its policies?
By Raymond Hogler, Colorado State University On April 24, graduate students at Yale University announced a hunger strike
Who are you serving?
The lesson from Watergate is that a damaged goods President is the ultimate liability for his party.
Inspired by his oath of honesty when enlisting in the Navy, 21-year-old recruit Shaun Dougherty decided to be truthful about
Ideas should be challenged, but people should not be demonized.
When you were calling for a \u201cregime change\u201d in Iran, the Iranians were changing their regime just a little more.
It is we, the people, who must serve that function to protect democracy \u2014 at town halls, rallies and, ultimately, at the ballot box.
First, why go to Saudi Arabia to \u201cunify\u201d Muslims?
Alfredo\u2019s story has a happy ending, for now. Most undocumented students, however, are not as fortunate.
Failing to question America\u2019s militant and aggressive foreign policy is not supportive.
\u201cYou\u2019ll be hanging from a tree,\u201d one anonymous caller said in a message for Rep. Al Green (D-Texas).
\It didn't leave, relatively speaking, very much room for the issues.\
But back home, he's still defending his travel ban on people from Muslim-majority countries.
The threat comes after Ailes' public downfall in the wake of sexual harassment allegations.
Last year, Donald Trump attacked the Clinton Foundation, which both countries have donated to.
It\u2019s not just a reason to barbecue.\u00a0 For those who have sworn the oath, this can be one of the toughest days of the year
But that hasn't stopped his Orange County prosecutors from using them to secure convictions for decades.
\Russia = not ally.\
\He certainly has the vision and, we believe, the strength and the decisiveness.\
Enes Kanter is an outspoken critic of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdo\u011fan.
Making America the butt of mocking jokes again.
He also urged Trump to stop tweeting.
We'd like to begin today by apologizing for not including whatever scandal broke while we were writing this column. It takes
Though he may have been less bizarrely erratic, George W. Bush's shameless politics gave rise to Donald Trump.
As the Trump White House desperately seeks solid footing amid a flood of controversy, its head finds himself amid a pall of his own making.
President Trump's arms sale to Saudi Arabia risks exacerbating tensions in a deeply strained region.
Russophobia has been the basic assumption underlying our dealings with that country ever since the Bolshevik Revolution a century ago.
On May 12, Attorney General Jeff Sessions formally withdrew a signature part of former Attorney General Eric Holder\u2019s \u201cSmart
The Fox News boss created a climate where we create our own truth, and where bullies win.
\u201cWho will guard the guards themselves?\u201d
We all thought the consequences of Trump\u2019s careless description of Mexican immigrants as rapists would end his quest for
Newt Gingrich's wife is tapped for the prized post just days before Trump is scheduled to meet Pope Francis.
The standoff between the US and North Korea appears as pressing and as intractable as any problem the world now faces in
\u201cPresident Trump is on track to spend more during his first year of office than all eight years of the Obama administration combined,\u201d the bill says.
The Interior Department denied a report Friday that Zinke will recommend abolishing the national monument.
\u201cWho\u2019s not to say he could be president someday? I think he\u2019s going to emerge out of this and be whatever he wants to be.\u201d
He once criticized Barack Obama for bowing to the country's leader.
Ready for a challenge?
And Michael Flynn has yet to cooperate with the Senate Intelligence Committee.
Trump boasted of his role in the release of another U.S. prisoner in Egypt. He'll meet the Egyptian president again on Sunday.
The diplomatic arm of the Trump administration is all of a sudden playing nice with Syrian refugees.
Trump leaves for Saudi Arabia on Friday afternoon and will make stops next week in Israel, Belgium and Italy.
Caterers are making sure the president gets one of his favorite dishes during his first big trip abroad.
The Trump administration is exploring whether it can use an obscure ethics rule to undermine Russia probe.
The Muslim teenager was arrested in 2015 after bringing a homemade clock to school.
The White House has delayed a regulation meant to save consumers billions of dollars on their retirement plans, putting it in limbo.
The latest bombshell out of the White House in a week of epic leaks.
Comey was fired by President Trump last week amid an agency probe into alleged Russian meddling in the U.S. election.
Earl Blumenauer tries to pass the peace pipe between Washington and the cannabis industry
Greg Gianforte has waffled on the law.
The former FBI director saw it as his job to protect the bureau from \interferences from a group of people he did not regard as honorable.\
The government owes money to insurance companies. Trump reportedly doesn't want to pay.
...and Anthony Weiner's new divorce lawyer!
\u201cI wrote it. I believe it. I stand by it.\u201d
\u201cThis is like something straight out of George Orwell.\u201d
In a state whose politics is ruled by evangelical conservatives can Michael Hansen win their votes?
\u201cI thought I was the correct candidate.\u201d
On May 9, 2017, the Orange County Board of Supervisors voted to increase its contract with U.S. Immigration & Customs Enforcement
Special counsels are not fully protected from meddling and pressure from the White House.
While the recent global cyberattack has spared federal government agencies, some state and local governments have been affected
By
Well, at least the news isn\u2019t all terrible today. 1. Jared Kushner participated in the Saudi arms deal. Which is just one
The focus on Social Security and other disability benefits is a misdirection from the real issues impacting today\u2019s workers.
Trump is about to receive an unprecedented \u201cmagic carpet\u201d welcome from King Salman.
Don't expect President Trump to go down without a fight. And he may take our Constitution with him.
M-J Milloy, University of British Columbia and M. Eugenia Socias, University of British Columbia North America is in the
By Jessica Scholes and Sarah Rosenthal, Staff Attorneys, New York Legal Assistance Group John remembers all too clearly the
President Trump will make America complicit in Saudi Arabia\u2019s spread of jihadi terrorism.
All the warning lights are blinking red.
This was never about the job -- it was about fame.
Appointing a career politician to the post would seriously undermine the credibility of the Bureau.
Maybe I\u2019m the chupacabra? Beyond the fact that Donald Trump\u2019s Muslim ban perpetuates the stereotype that all Muslims are
Trump partnering with the nation's foremost voter fraud conspiracy theorist should worry all Americans.
by Viveca Novak We\u2019ll stipulate that President Trump\u2019s problems with the Federal Election Commission don\u2019t rise to the highest
And the Dow took its deepest dive since September amid the turmoil.
Former Director Robert Mueller draws broad support as \impeccable\ and \no-nonsense.\
But the president still insists Rod Rosenstein wrote the recommendation all on his own.
He so far hasn't complied with a subpoena for documents related to his contacts with Russia.
\u201cThe White House stays out of criminal investigations, full stop,\ said Neil Eggleston, former President Barack Obama's White House counsel.
Without the politics of hate and resentment that Ailes fostered at Fox News, Trump couldn\u2019t have won.
\This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!\ he said.
As CO2 in the atmosphere continues to rise, this hot trend isn't showing any signs of abating.
The president must give a 90-day notice before opening talks on the mammoth trade deal.
A speculative look at Donald Trump\u2019s psychological prison.
It's not every day a 30-year-old Democrat is poised to win a congressional seat once held by Newt Gingrich and Tom Price.
Fox News reporter Malia Zimmerman says she spent 10 months working on her story.
People are asking the wrong questions about what the president did.
The former national security adviser sided with the Turkish president in delaying an attack on ISIS. But before Turkey paid him, Flynn had wanted Erdogan out.
Six of the previously undisclosed contacts were phone calls between advisers of Russian diplomat Sergey Kislyak and Trump.
The president is \very close\ to making a final decision, he told reporters on Thursday.
New footage released Thursday evening appears to show Erdogan watching the violence.
Sen. Al Franken grilled nominee David Bernhardt during his confirmation hearing.
Same, guys, same.
\u201cIt also happens to be a pure excuse for the Democrats having lost an election.\
Not that it's a contest.
He stopped being a problem for society with this one weird trick
The president has dismissed his ties to Paul Manafort and Carter Page. So why is he supporting the national security adviser he fired?
New bill would require nominees to disclose \dark money\ they've donated or solicited.
Contributions averaged $25 to Rob Quist, who is running against a multimillionaire with dark-money ties.
Some 15,000 patients now have to find a new health care provider.
As one Twitter user asked, \Is it legal to be this stupid?\
Even Republicans who previously didn't see the need for an independent probe responded positively.
Security restrictions are ruining business for two Pennsylvanians who offer sightseeing rides in antique airplanes.
The old adage that the cover-up is worse than the crime may once again prove true.
So Democrats got what they wanted
For all of his manifest flaws, Nixon at least had an idea of what he was doing in the White House.
While McMaster\u2019s words masquerade as information, the background and the likely fallout of Trump\u2019s Saudi visit tell a very different story.
In tallying the costs of war, what\u2019s the price of a quick death versus a slow one?
The Trump National Golf Club in New Jersey and the Trump International Hotel in D.C. have the same vulnerabilities.
The ex-FBI director was asking for it, basically.
John Kelly was caught on a hot mic joking about how the president could deal with the media.
\It seems to me that there\u2019s only one truth and we ought to get to that.\u201d
But is this just more theater?
Democrats plan to seek an independent counsel to investigate Trump's interaction with the FBI director.
\u201cThis is not good for the country.\
Comey's memo was \weird and vindictive,\ a former Trump campaign spokesman says.
Did the attorney general violate his recusal promise?
\u201cIf the president is unpopular, it makes their agenda unpopular.\
\I\u2019m not there at this point.\u201d
History says nah.
Talk about a paper trail.
Krasner's primary victory is part of a trend embracing reform-minded district attorneys.
The bill would allow businesses to exploit new layers of red tape in the government rule-making process.
Bipartisan requests seek public testimony from the fired FBI director and his notes on contacts with the president.
GOP lawmakers and White House officials won't defend Trump on TV.
The bill's sponsor calls weed \the gift that keeps on giving.\ She projects it will make the state $768 million this year.
Removal numbers were down in the same period.
Trump\u2019s defenders now argue  he shouldn\u2019t be blamed for his mistakes because he doesn\u2019t know any better.
Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue espoused a sunny view of the program amid calls for cuts.
\Sure! No reason not to.\u201d \u00af\\_(\u30c4)_/\u00af
President Donald Trump attacked Hillary Clinton last year for accepting a donation to her foundation from the scandal-struck European firm.
We're all going to die
Most of those who voted for him still aren't.
\u201cDiscussion of Trump\u2019s presidency ending before his four-year term is up is no longer an oppositional fantasy.\
Donald Trump has motivated them in ways their old boss simply couldn't.
The invitation rankled some scholars at the Brookings Institution.
Because they don't want to screw it up -- and take the country down with President Trump.
\Trump kept HIS notes from the Comey meeting as well.\
Trump attacks the media in his remarks.\ud83e\udd14
Many states have set up high-risk pools before, but it's hard to predict how they'll do.
Middle fingers, time with grandkids, concerns about fake news \u2014 House Republicans have all the excuses.
\u201cWhy do you think Director Comey wrote a memo to the file about it? Because he was so appalled that a President of the United States would behave in this way.\u201d
On May 15th I was invited to speak on Democracy now along with Dr. Carl Hart about Attorney Jeff Sessions controversial new
The GOP may be a lot of things; political naivet\u00e9 isn\u2019t among them.
Holder directed federal prosecutors to use less strict charging and sentencing procedures for some drug offenses.
History tells us it does...
With President Trump pledging to introduce a $1 trillion infrastructure plan and Senate Democrats releasing their own blueprint
A sitting president is almost certainly immune from criminal prosecution, and the only mechanisms to remove him from office
Four months in, yet it\u2019s not unfair to ask Americans, especially political leaders, Republicans and Democrats, when is enough
The embattled former FBI Director might have cost Hillary Clinton the election, but his parting shot for Donald Trump may bring down an American president.
Jianghong Li, WZB Berlin Social Science Center. and Wen-Jui Han, NYU Shanghai This article is the third in our new series
Worry and frustration in the Oval Office is at massive levels daily, and it is uncertain how Trump will handle it in the long term.
The following is a chapter I wrote in \u201cThe Assault on Journalism
Trump's inability to abide by process and decorum won him the White House, but they may also be his undoing.
It won't be easy under an administration that wants to slash environmental and health regulations.
Trump often went after Hillary Clinton for being \extremely careless\ with classified information.
Just 1 in 10 Americans surveyed say they trust both.
And why critics are piling on across the aisle.
\u201cThere is too much at stake at home and abroad to not take this step,\ said Rep. Steve Knight of California.
The vandalism brought to mind similar incidents this year in which hundreds of tombstones were toppled at Jewish cemeteries.
Well then.
Yale spokesman says school \does not disclose or comment\ on investments.
And the other polling news you need to know about this week.
Opponents say the Republican-backed law is unconstitutional.
The father of a slain Iraq War veteran gave a stirring speech against Trump at last year's Democratic convention.
H.R. McMaster said that \u201cwhat the president shared was wholly appropriate.\u201d
\u201cIf the memo exists, I need to see it and I need to see it right away.\
Only 9 percent of Americans lacked coverage last year, but Trump and the GOP are set to pump that number up.
White House aides seem resigned to their boss ruining their lives.
The information, officials told CNN, could get people killed if leaked.
Mitch McConnell personally recommended him to Donald Trump.
It \undermine\ America's credibility in working with key intelligence agencies, Michael McFaul says.
Trump \jeopardized the security of the American people,\ the House minority leader said.
The Judiciary Committee this week is working on legislation that \would turbocharge Trump's mass deportation agenda,\ an advocate said.
Most of the bad things you thought would happen have basically happened
\ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14
This may get awkward.
The politicization of agencies, the undermining of aides and the general disorder have dissuaded professionals from joining a White House that needs them.
\u201cI hope you can see your way clear to letting this go,\ the president reportedly told the FBI director in February.
Jean Jim\u00e9nez-Joseph is the seventh person to die in ICE custody since October.
\The best way I can serve is continuing to fight for a conservative agenda in the U.S. Senate.\u201d
Gov. Roy Cooper (D) promises to \keep working every day\ for LGBTQ rights.
\I was arrested for doing something journalists do every day,\ writes Dan Heyman in a Washington Post op-ed.
The president's volatile behavior created an environment ripe for leaks from within his White House.
Rep. Mo Brooks is cut from the same anti-immigrant cloth.
The 9th Circuit has previously ruled against the president's blocked executive orders.
He\u2019s the second prosecutor in a week to be accused of misconduct linked to the misuse of jail informants.
But will all these members of Congress actually do anything to check Trump?
Wrong, friend-o.
\The Trump-haters were right ... it's a nightmare,\ she tells The Daily Caller.
This is the Republican Party at its most callous\u2014ready to consign people to sickness, or even death.
\See, I picked someone from the other party\ is how we ended up in this mess.
We\u2019re witnessing a version of strategizing that will leave another set of officials in Washington wondering what to do next.
A political movement should do more than just react to the day\u2019s events with outrage, although that\u2019s important. It should
Yemen is already in a state of turmoil.
it\u2019s not just educators who owe a debt of gratitude to immigrants.
Trump disclosing classified information to Russia is \the most serious charge ever made against a sitting president.\
It is becoming the rite du jour here in Washington\u2014and perhaps around America, if not the world\u2015to attempt to unpack or parse
Governments of the world face a difficult choice when engaging the new U.S. president.
The case may well be settled by the Supreme Court.
The attorney general was also reportedly involved in coming up with the reasons to fire James Comey.
GOP Senate candidates may be at odds with the positions of the GOP senators from their states.
\u201cIt would be foolish for us not to tap into that outlet.\u201d
\u201cThere is no case like this, is there?\u201d 9th Circuit Judge Richard Paez asked.
Almost two-thirds of Americans think it should be legal.
\It's got to do with the way one individual conducts himself, and it's embarrassing.\
Russian media were allowed at last week's meeting, but the American press was not.
\u201cHe assured us we would have plenty of access to workers,\u201d said the president of the American Farm Bureau Federation.
\u201cIf there are any tapes of this conversation they need to be turned over.\
An appeals court found that the restrictions harked back to the Jim Crow era.
Some Twitter users found the platitudes more than a little bit ironic.
Rob Quist has already raised over $550,000 off Republican Greg Gianforte's flub.
No tip jar?
The Sednaya prison is a \human slaughterhouse,\ Amnesty International said earlier this year.
\ud83e\udd14
The president can only dream of an approval rating as high as Nixon's in the early months of Watergate.
It's Monday, and the FBI director is still fired.
\ud83e\udd14
And your Monday.
\u201cYou can\u2019t be cute about tapes. If there are any tapes of this conversation, they need to be turned over.\u201d
Anti-tax politicians have slowed reform down by denying stable funding.
Congressional Republicans stand silently by as Democrats feel increased optimism about their chances in the 2018 midterm elections.
Last week Gun-nut Nation once again celebrated the mistaken belief that gun sales have not slowed down under Trump. Here\u2019s
There are some who say the Democratic Party should stop talking so much about issues affecting women and people of color
Donald Trump and his administration are on a roll \u2013 threatening historical allies, undermining major international accords
The GOP\u2019s devastating \u201chealth care\u201d bill that passed the House will have one certain outcome; if signed into law, it will
By Greg Wright, University of California, Merced The Trump administration recently notched two wins for its international
A corrupt Chinese company that is under investigation by three U.S. agencies is trying to buy an American aluminum firm.
British Columbians
The Trump administration\u2019s relentless march to repeal federal regulations is not limited to environmental rules, but the
What it really means to be on a \flattening\ planet.
For the homeless, not having ID makes it much harder to get a job, find a place to live, open a bank account, get food stamps
The truth is your state can often make or break the insurance marketplace, which impacts whether you can afford health insurance
The U.S. is involved in a slow motion Cuban-like missile crisis in dealing with North Korea, according to Harvard\u2019s Graham
When it came to politics, my grandfather was the one who got me excited about the subject. I used to sit at his feet and
Environmentalists say the project would severely damage the Mojave Desert ecosystem.
He also called on Republicans to \speak up\ about the president's actions.
North Korea fired on Sunday a ballistic missile from a region near its west coast.
But the president just fired FBI Director James Comey for pursuing it.
\By the time the Trump people figured out what we were doing, we were gone,\ said member Peter Warren.
The \authoritarian\ president  \interfered with an investigation involving national security,\ writes Laurence Tribe.
\I try to be more analytical than polemical ... but I also have to be honest.\
\You need a really good prosecutor here, somebody who knows how to do it.\
Healthy futures start with healthy beginnings.
Have you ever wondered about the \u201cfifth\u201d dentist?\u00a0Maybe she works for Coca Cola. Maybe he works for Kraft, maker of Kool
This year, women across the U.S. are facing unprecedented challenges to do the thing we celebrate each Mother\u2019s Day \u2014 to
Trump\u2019s acts of intimidation and innuendo are no joking matter.
In choosing the Co-Chair of his new Commission on \u201cElection Integrity,\u201d Donald Trump just did the equivalent of appointing
General McMaster should realize that he is now the National Security Adviser and not a General in some distant theater of
We have our very own Lex Luthor in the White House.
The state of American-Canadian relations is at a critical point. U.S. President Donald Trump campaigned on an \u201cAmerica first
They chanted \All white lives matter\u201d and \u201cRussia is our friend.\u201d
\u201cHe had a very profound impact on my life.\
Trump's fate seems to hinge on the 2018 midterm elections. But there's another possibility.
\It\u2019s a great tragedy all over the world if we lose that leadership.\
He also urged graduates not to become critics and spoke a little bit about football.
Adam Szubin, who served as Trump's acting treasury secretary, said the bill could violate the nuclear deal and upset U.S. allies.
Restoring stronger economic growth by encouraging more innovation would help reduce anger among many people who feel left behind, he said.
Thomas Hartless killed three people on Friday, including his ex-girlfriend, a police chief and a nursing home worker, authorities say.
Private negotiations, a quick floor vote -- yeah, you've seen this before.
The organization calls the president's election commission a \fake news boondoggle.\
\If the health care is destroyed, do the rich get a tax cut? Yes or no?\
\Public service is a public trust...\
\u201cI think the process is going to go quickly.\u201d
Valerie Jarrett is a close confidante of former President Barack Obama.
It could be innocent -- or the shadiest shade ever thrown.
It's fine to pay for sick kids, Mulvaney says, but diabetics are another story.
It's been another whirlwind of a week in politics, so let's run through it as quickly as possible.
More than 41 million private-sector workers in the U.S. cannot earn a single paid sick day.
Eavesdropping and wiretapping are pursuits that have titillated the public for time immemorial. Who can deny the downright
Does loyalty to the United States exceed loyalty to the Republican Party?
Angry? Worried? Disillusioned? Heather Booth wants you.
Shortly after taking office as the 36th President, Lyndon Baines Johnson briefly considered firing then-FBI Director J. Edgar
Apparently, the outcry over Trump's firing of the FBI director changes nothing.
A meat facility lauded for its humane practices keeps getting slammed for USDA violations, revealing the limits of feel-good food.
Ana Gomez Ramirez is a cashier in a Senate cafeteria. She wonders if her work permit will be taken away by the very people she serves.
\Trump is spending his weekends golfing in Bedminster, N.J., while Ahmed will spend his 18th birthday in jail,\ one lawyer said.
The Montana Democrat is locked in a close special election race for an open House seat.
ESPN is emphasizing its commitment to journalism by rebooting two popular shows. Covering political and social issues will be a part of those efforts.
He, again, said a Trump tweet speaks for itself.
Steve Barnes lost by 2 points in a district that went heavily for Donald Trump.
Party operatives say officeholders may start to bail when their own elections are on the line next year
The president admits the combativeness of his White House 'could be my fault.'
Two find opinions split, while a third shows majority opposition.
Sure, all the best democracies cut off press access.
But he made no reference to America's future in the Paris climate agreement.
Happy Mother's Day!
\Full of tension and sadness\
They cited \deep concerns\ about EPA leadership.
Several GOP senators have criticized the president's dismissal of the FBI director, but they embrace taking no new actions in response.
The ousted FBI director has reportedly agreed in principle to testify at a later date behind closed doors.
\Why don't you want our kids to have good food at school?\
Asian immigrants have long been treated as economic and national security threats. Experts are calling for a stop to it.
The fallout from firing the FBI director continues.
Can you beat last week's score?
The snitch scandal has already upended more than a dozen Southern California murder cases.
And how the interim FBI director defended Comey's reputation.
Edward Mullins, a controversial police sergeant whom former NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton once called \Crazy Eddie,\ declared Sessions an honorary member of his organization on Friday.
The public isn't totally convinced by the Trump administration's rationale for its decision.
Opponents are concerned a mine would harm the largest sockeye salmon fishery in the world.
Trump tweeted about secret recordings, but it's not clear if they really exist.
Anything except releasing the documents falls short.
Matthew Dunlap says it's important to have a seat at the table, even though he doesn't believe the president's claims.
A number of states are considering bills that would raise the age to get married, with sponsors hoping to protect girls from
Some of America\u2019s most powerful corporate plutocrats want to take over the Los Angeles school system but Steve Zimmer, a
Attorney General Jeff Sessions released a memo yesterday that \u201cordered federal prosecutors ... to pursue the toughest possible
I recently read Congressman Morgan Griffith\u2019s letter to the editor in the Martinsville Bulletin \u2013 his substitute for a town
Tough Guy Attorney General Jeff Sessions has announced that federal prosecutors will charge low-level drug offenders and
Another day of Donald Trump insanity. 1. Trump\u2019s lawyers have \u201coutlined\u201d the President\u2019s Russian income but provide no documents
Donald Trump\u2019s biography as of November 7, 2016 would\u2019ve included the following
Allowing states to decide whether or not they\u2019d waive protections allows for discrimination.
There\u2019s no reason to sugarcoat any of this anymore.
Let us now praise a class act. Amidst the turmoil of another chaotic week in Trump world, the Comey firing and a pandemic
The GOP health care bill threatens to undermine Americans' democratic right to health.
Americans with pre-existing conditions, like Grace, will suffer greatly under the GOP health care plan.
So now the Nixon circle is complete. President Trump tweeted on the morning of May 12 the following
\I will be fine, although I will miss you and the mission deeply.\
There's a chance Maine's controversial Republican governor could just appoint himself to a temporary Senate seat.
\u201cPrivatization will not solve our infrastructure problems,\ said Sen. Ron Wyden.
Ralph Northam now calls it a \right.\
\u270a
Sure, why not.
\Trump didn\u2019t do anything he said he would do. The massacres continue.\u201d
\Identify them and then turn them over to ICE.\
Including what's next for the interim director.
He also tried to pretend his tax plan wouldn't benefit the wealthiest Americans.
\u201cYou refused to be conformed to this world,\u201d he said.
Swap Obama's lost Supreme Court nominee for the fired James Comey, eh? Hmm.
The Trump administration has denied Comey's firing was related to the FBI\u2019s Russia investigation.
We're still waiting.
Is this real life?
The measure \would have been a travesty\ for consumers, an advocate said.
We were all assured it was a real thing!
\u201cI was going to fire him regardless of recommendation,\ he said.
Samantha Schwab's grandfather, Charles Schwab, gave $1 million to Trump's inaugural committee. Now she's working for the president.
\u201cThis is my life. Without health care coverage, I\u2019m dead,\ a constituent tells him.
\The dismissal of Director Comey demands a clear and compelling explanation.\
Some Republicans opposed and some Democrats favored Robert Lighthizer for the post.
Chuck Grassley, onetime fierce watchdog, is toeing the president's line on James Comey's ouster.
The new commission's chairman has pushed one of the most restrictive voting laws in the country.
Rod Rosenstein may have chafed at the White House narrative that he was the driving force behind the firing.
In his first act on the Supreme Court, Justice Gorsuch cast the deciding vote to kill a man in Arkansas.
Donald Trump is a crook. He had freshly-confirmed Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein write a little essay about Hillary
Bethune-Cookman graduates deserve praise for resisting attempts to make them props for the Devos agenda.
Sometimes, a nation has to look in the mirror. Sometimes it has to come to a reckoning.
By Musa al-Gharbi, Columbia University Most Americans don\u2019t like Trump. Trump will most likely be reelected in 2020. How
Expect sweeping changes in procedural operations, enforcement and overall philosophy at the Securities and Exchange Commission
...for developing the nation\u2019s most precious resource
Horrifying, disgusting and shameful. Those are the words that come to mind for President Donald Trump\u2019s transparent attempt
On the day of the corruption operation, together with Berat Albayrak, Erdogan\u2019s son-in-law and current Turkish Minister of
It is the members of Congress who have no skin in the game.
A quick tour of the right-wing media this week will show they\u2019re wearing the blinders that it is their business to wear.
There is no such thing as \under investigation\ in federal criminal investigations.
Much of the breach he has wrought might be with us to stay. Trump himself, however, might not.
For a journalist \u2014 especially one covering government and politics \u2014 the most suspicious, least trustworthy word in the language
During my time as a special agent, it was clear to me that our job was to protect the American people, not the president.
The firing of Jim Comey is going to escalate the demands of party loyalty to new heights.
Federal authorities could reportedly announce a decision within weeks.
\President Nixon has fired FBI Director James Comey.\
Agency staff scheduled an emergency high-level meeting for Tuesday night amid speculation about who would replace Comey.
The Democrat's anti-abortion record sparked a national controversy.
Trump's firing of FBI director Comey has renewed calls for an independent probe into Russia's influence on the 2016 U.S. election.
But the Interior Department says it will scrap the regulation anyway.
\It\u2019s not entertaining to me and it\u2019s not funny. It\u2019s very serious and it\u2019s a crisis.\u201d
The Senate Intelligence Committee is investigating the Trump campaign's ties to Russia.
Remember when Paul Ryan was the Republican who was going to stand up to Trump?
The Obama-era regulation is one the agency plans to \u201csuspend, revise or rescind.\
Travelers could encounter \widespread racial profiling\ in the Lone Star State, the alert says.
You will be tested.
No, the nation's 37th president never fired his FBI director.
One senator said he can't find an \acceptable rationale\ for the dismissal.
\We appreciate the viewership,\u201d CNN's Chris Cuomo responded on air.
Trump voters don't think his administration's relationship with the Kremlin is a problem. Clinton voters do.
If the deputy attorney general is concerned with the Justice Department's reputation, he may be inclined to put someone else in charge of the Russia probe.
The lawsuit is one of many targeting Trump\u2019s alleged failure to distance himself from his business empire while in office.
The ban already applies to many flights from the Middle East and North Africa.
The DOJ is looking into Andrew McCabe's role in the investigation of Hillary Clinton's email server.
Nobody is kidding.
Mark Warner (D) says it's time for a special counsel. Richard Burr (R) says his committee's investigation is enough.
President Donald Trump met with Sergey Lavrov and the Russian ambassador just a day after firing James Comey.
Comey is the third Russia-related target in three days, following attacks on Barack Obama and Sally Yates.
He weighed in on James Comey's ouster while meeting with Henry Kissinger.
\Tears just started rolling down my face,\ he said.
The DOJ denies the claim.
Glad he finally has something to do
They also demanded a special prosecutor to look into Donald Trump's Russian ties after the president fired the man probing them.
Some fear the president went too far.
The millionaire Republican told wealthy donors he backed the bill, but he told the public something different.
\It's not too late,\ Trump said in April of his ability to fire Comey.
And what comes next.
Four men have accused Murray of sexually abusing them as teenagers.
Echoes of Nixon's Saturday Night Massacre are real.
It's appropriate.
It\u2019s difficult to express the deep irony of Donald Trump sitting down with Henry Kissinger for a photo-op the day after he
The dangers presented by the Trump administration are rapidly testing America's capacity for an inclusive opposition movement.
Rather than dousing the smoking ashes of the Russia scandal, Trump has fanned the flames by firing Comey.
When it has come to race, America has always struggled. From its inception, racism, or perhaps more accurately white supremacy
His firing of James Comey aside, Donald Trump is linked to a slew of  deeply unpopular policies. Here's how Democrats should capitalize.
Galvanizing voters by appealing to their rage rather than logic has granted Trump unprecedented leeway.
Amid a crackdown on illegal immigration, officials in some cities and states are trying to bar federal agents from making
Trump and Clinton voters alike think reforming the criminal justice system is a national priority, according to a new poll
James Comey is the first fallen warrior in a Civil Cold War that just entered its open combat phase.
The administration is circling the wagons to insulate itself from the storm ahead. This must not be allowed.
It could lead to Trump's impeachment and resignation.
The initiative aims to reduce chronic homelessness by 50 percent within five years.
The FBI hasn\u2019t decided how to correct the director\u2019s false claim that she forwarded thousands of Clinton emails to the laptop computer of her husband, former Congressman Anthony Weiner.
\Burying your head in the sand doesn\u2019t erase the problem.\
There's one easy way to cut down on government spending.
Americans are more than four times likelier to strongly oppose the bill than to strongly support it.
Many of us are starved for strong (and realistic) female role models.
Police seized more than $100,000 thanks to a tool known as civil asset forfeiture.
Rohit Chopra is one of the toughest consumer advocates in Washington.
Tough love for people who need insurance, big tax breaks for millionaires.
The move comes amid fierce opposition from Turkey.
\u201cThe government released little information about the circumstances surrounding the raid,\ the lawsuit states.
Looks like other free countries want to stay that way.
\We're not looking to re-litigate this,\ Spicer said, as multiple congressional investigations attempt to litigate this.
The fired acting attorney general, who testified about Mike Flynn and the travel ban, is the \kind of woman America needs to lead us,\ gushed George Takei.
Rep. John Faso (R-N.Y.) voted for the GOP health care bill. Some of his constituents are pretty mad about it.
\This cannot wait.\
Progressive groups have already raised over $2 million for future campaigns.
\She said nothing but old news!\ the president tweeted.
Protesters greet the House speaker as he arrives at a controversial charter school.
CAIR says it recorded a 44 percent rise in anti-Muslim hate crimes last year, and a nearly 600 percent rise since 2014.
Facing a major budget crunch, the man who was counting the U.S. population for Trump is resigning.
The president's campaign promises are proving to be a key issue in the travel ban litigation.
Including her exchange with Ted Cruz.
That must mean they work 347 times as hard, right?
Voting access isn't just a red state issue.
Now, certain people aren\u2019t allowed to partake in the consensus.
Republican lawmakers used their time to ask the former Justice Department official unrelated questions.
\u201cYou need to write about what\u2019s actually happening,\u201d Sen. Mitch McConnell admonished reporters.
Yates\u2019 warning about Trump's former national security adviser couldn\u2019t be trusted, so Flynn kept his job another three weeks.
California Democrat draws cheers for her blunt talk.
She accused Democrats of trying to \deceive\ an election.
\Why would you do this?\
After all, the world's largest infectious killer is airborne.
\u201cIt is a very nice prison.\
The trip is likely to rile Beijing which regards him as a dangerous splittist.
Merriam-Webster Dictionary describes a town hall as \u201can event at which a public official or political candidate addresses
The story goes that the economy boomed after Bill Clinton balanced the budget, and it collapsed as a result of the Bush tax cuts.
To end the North Korean nuclear threat, President Trump needs the ultimate grand bargain
With the news from two major studies released last month that one in five homeless youth has been trafficked, it is now clear
\u201cWhen Jimmy Met Bernie\u201d sounds like it could be the title of a buddy comedy in which two men experience hilarious pitfalls
They may be replaced with members from industries the agency is meant to police.
But Trump voters are considerably more supportive of this bill than the last version.
Mike Flynn is not having a great day
\It takes great courage to champion the vulnerable and the sick and the infirm.\
That's about $680,000 less Buffett will have to pay.
With Flynn\u2019s Russia contacts under scrutiny, Trump blames Obama for not taking action during his term.
Anthony Sabato Jr. plans to tout his Trump connection to help his campaign.
Une \u00e9l\u00e9gie pour l'abnormalit\u00e9.
\u201cI made a determination that I believed that it was unlawful. I also thought it was inconsistent with the principles of the Department of Justice. And I said no.\
Trump fired Yates in January, after she refused to enforce his ban on travel and immigration from seven majority-Muslim countries.
Fact check
A key question an appeals court must answer is whether the president's anti-Muslim statements can be held against him.
Watch Yates out-lawyer Cruz.
And take a look at how the country voted.
Advocates fear it could get worse under President Donald Trump.
A new ad campaign takes aim at 24 GOP representatives, asking
\u201cThis is not about politics. This is about bringing people closer together,\ he said.
Senate Republicans are already working with the leader of the House Freedom Caucus.
In 1971, the Supreme Court decided that courts shouldn't investigate the motivations of officials who closed public pools rather than integrate them.
To allow Trump's shenanigans to divert attention from matters sure to persist when he finally departs the stage is to make a grievous error.
Neither option serves the interests of the majority of the working and middle classes.
Just as Donald Trump mortgages the White House to Goldman Sachs, Barack Obama does a Hillary
By Steven Fesmire, Green Mountain College Protests turned violent on the Berkeley and Middlebury campuses; students shouted
If you\u2019re a right-leaning reader or a fan of the current presidential administration, you probably won\u2019t make it past the
Candidate Donald Trump got Syria right. Nothing in the conflict warrants Washington\u2019s involvement.
what the GOP really did was shoot Americans in the foot. Then slap each other on the back in the Rose Garden.
Like a crocus in February, Andrew Cuomo has begun to peek through the wintry landscape. Whether he blossoms into a gift bouquet
Since the late eighteenth century, the United States has been involved in an almost ceaseless string of wars, interventions
To quote Nikki Haley, \u201cThere\u2019s a new sheriff in town.\u201d
It was only the second time she\u2019s ever \u201cliked\u201d a tweet, the first being her own when she opened her account May 23, 2012.
Wishful thinking? Consider this.
Fifty times stronger than heroin, fentanyl is showing up in more places, leaving state and local health and law enforcement
by Niv Sultan The Recording Academy\u2019s high-wattage GRAMMYs on the Hill event in early April honored Sens. Tom Udall (D-N.M
Remember when President Barack Obama was sworn into office in 2009 and the Beltway press quickly established guidelines for
There is a great deal we can all do, together, to protect our friends, our co-workers and our country.
Two out five ain\u2019t bad! 1. France didn\u2019t blow it in their presidential election on Sunday, voting in centrist Emmanuel Macron
Ads in the country show images of Trump's face with Le Pen's hairdo.
It has been a rough week for Republican Greg Gianforte.
John Kasich wouldn't pretend that the proposed funding for \high-risk pools\ is adequate.
Does this plan cut Medicaid? Of course not. Does it protect people with pre-existing conditions? You betcha.
There\u2019s more at stake than just some other country\u2019s political contest.
A couple of weeks ago I was on a group telephone call with People Power (peoplepower.org). They are an offshoot of the ACLU
Donald Trump\u2019s election inspired a great deal of shock, horror, and disgust among liberal voters and even Washington, D.C
My experience at a D.C. cannabis rally exposed me to an ideological shift in real time.
It\u2019s been a few weeks since President Trump announced Elinore McCance-Katz as his nominee for the Assistant Secretary for
For America\u2019s women, our rural communities, and low-income families, we have to do better.
The shirt took a swipe at House Republicans' bill to repeal Obamacare.
The United States House of Representatives, by approving Trump Care legislation on Thursday, May 4, has initiated a major
The AHCA leaves us at the mercy of our state legislatures and the profit-motivated insurance companies.
Wealthy Chinese investors can buy their way into the U.S. with a little help from the Kushners.
Dems are ignoring the fact that the majority of Americans, including many GOP voters, want single-payer health care.
\I look very much forward to working with him!\
Critics of the bill say it legitimizes discrimination with taxpayer money.
The plan is to remove all regulations and consumer protections so that corporations can optimize profits.
Congress needs to \make sure that he is actually working on behalf of the American people and not his own pocketbook,\u201d a city legislator says.
Freedom From Religion Foundation claimed the order was unconstitutional government support for religions.
All the options are to die for.
\The Chinese Exclusion Act gave way to America as the 'gate-keeping nation.'\
By Jessica Trisko Darden, American University School of International Service President Donald J. Trump has called the North
Republicans are doing everything in their power to make my son's life harder.
It is critical that \we the people\ continue to resist.
Because of the protections of Obamacare, insurers were no longer allowed to put my health at risk.
After looking for about ten minutes, Laura whispers my name. \u201cBert, over here.\u201d She is standing next to a bronze parapet
Friends, family, mayor, members of the city council, the church community, all of you from impossibly gerrymandered voting
After the passage of the Affordable Health Care Act in the House of Representatives, the Republicans will have to face massively
I don\u2019t know what makes human beings capable of cruelty toward any living creature other than a warped need to exercise dominion
The new GOP health bill guarantees unaffordable care for the next generation of sick Americans.
Update
The sexual assault charges have just been dropped by prosecutors.
Can a global fund for women\u2019s entrepreneurship without more move women towards gender parity?
The ongoing narrative about making life in America more manageable for the \u201cmiddle class\u201d is deceptive. More Americans live
He also revealed something new about the French presidential hopeful.
As part of its review, the Interior Department will begin accepting public comment later this month.
Trump officials allegedly copied and removed sensitive documents from a secure facility.
Factcheck
\This isn't the America that I love,\ she said.
It's President Donald Trump's second nominee to back out of consideration for the job.
But if history serves as a lesson, you might have to move.
Here's what they say the public should know before the next election.
A new report examines where polling went wrong in the presidential election.
Sorry Trump, New York did just fine without you.
Then it\u2019s hi! Hi! Hey! Another Army secretary's on his way
The extremist group encourages militants to take advantage of unregulated gun sales.
Progressive lawmakers want to show that it's possible to be anti-intervention without buying conspiracy theories and ignoring the war's brutality.
Republicans followed through on their promises -- or one of them, anyway.
The comment came hours after Republicans in the House advanced legislation to get rid of the Affordable Care Act.
Ready for a challenge?
Gains were driven by a surge in hiring in the leisure and hospitality sector as well as business and professional services.
The shutdown would have begun at midnight.
And they're using what could be a revolutionary technique.
Voters who made up their minds in the final week helped to throw off swing state polls.
In 2009, the House Republican leader railed against Democrats for not reading the Affordable Care Act.
In a recent survey of 42 jurisdictions in 12 states, researchers found about 30 instances where non-citizens may have voted -- out of 23 million ballots cast.
The wildly unpopular Republican plan would leave 24 million people without insurance by 2026. Do you have something to say about that?
The Obamacare repeal bill kicks lottery winners off Medicaid, but some may need treatment for gambling addiction.
There's no evidence a voter ID requirement was needed.
High-risk pools have a sorry history.
He admitted he didn't actually read the bill.
Which of these changes will affect you? Probably more than you'd think.
The president's victory celebration aside, there's still a long way to go.
In testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee, FBI Director James Comey defended going public with his letter on the
Happy Cinco De Mayo, friends. 1. GOP congressmen passed \u201cTrumpcare\u201d through the House yesterday. Millions are at risk for
Ready your tractors and plows\u2014the farm bill is upon us. This omnibus package of legislation, reauthorized every 5 to 7 years
On May 1st, I stood on trial for having \u201cgreeted\u201d Jeff Sessions in Congress before the start of his confirmation hearing
Democracy is the only way we\u2019ll truly fix the country\u2019s crumbling infrastructure.
Taking away one\u2019s health care is never an improvement over flawed health care.
Ten. That\u2019s how many people would die every year to give a tax break to each of the 400 richest people in America under the
This just in
Mark R Thompson, City University of Hong Kong US President Donald Trump\u2019s recent friendly phone conversation with Rodrigo
\Life is winning in America,\ the vice president says.
Come on.
\Be an elevating force, not a degrading force,\ he said.
\I\u2019m president \u2015 hey, I\u2019m president!\
It chose tax cuts for millionaires over insurance for millions.
The Secret Service and local police departments get more taxpayer dollars to keep up with the Trumps.
Now may be the time to send the Senate Parliamentarian some flowers
His support of centrist Emmanuel Macron is his first endorsement since leaving office.
Doctors, hospitals, nurses, the March of Dimes -- they're all opposed to the American Health Care Act.
Opponents of \Trumpcare\ are urging their lawmakers to vote against the bill.
The president said he is \u201cconfident\u201d the legislation will pass the Senate.
An \enormous package of gifts for Wall Street and the worst actors in finance\u201d passed in a House committee Thursday.
The president's education plans may be a boon for private Islamic schools.
\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25
GOP leaders are choosing to stay ignorant of the effects of their legislation \u2015 and Republican members are letting it happen.
GOP leaders believe they have the votes.
Democrats and Republicans are locked in battle over values, not numbers.
Republicans are offering \a half-baked promise\ to maintain veterans' tax credits, Sen. Tammy Duckworth (D-Ill.) said.
The candid admission came just hours before the House GOP passed the controversial bill.
\We will not allow people of faith to be targeted, bullied or silenced anymore.\
Democrats believe the vote will haunt Republicans.
The organization changed its mind after seeing that the directive was basically toothless.
And he's not the only one slamming the legislation.
The GOP may have just cost itself control of the House.
House Republicans will \have this vote tattooed on them,\ she warned.
C'mon, folks. Not pushing the Trumps' private business is not that hard.
He said voters would suffer \u201csubstantial and irreparable harm\u201d if they couldn't cast a ballot.
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, to House Republicans.
Senate GOP leaders will try to write their own bill, but aren't even sure they can.
But what seems like a GOP victory may ultimately be their downfall.
This would be highly amusing if it wasn't a life-or-death subject for millions.
For the first time, the federal government has allowed military drones to utilize a commercial airport.
Charles Hurt attacks Jimmy Kimmel\u2019s recent monologue opposing Donald Trump\u2019s attempts to cut off funding for health care
Who is FBI Director James Comey kidding when he agonizes over what he wrought after sending to congressional leaders an almost
Its happened again\u2014another Black boy has been snuffed out by an overzealous, self-righteous police officer. And again, the
Do you think it\u2019s occurred to the authors of the ACHA that they\u2019re the ones responsible for the problems they\u2019re purportedly trying to solve?
The agency had warrants from the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance court to spy on only 42 terrorism suspects in 2016.
She's the first member of the Armed Services Committee to do so.
Maybe it should've made better choices
Tens of thousands of people might have no coverage option next year.
People are still drinking bottled water over fears of lead contamination.
If they get too comfy in assisted housing, he says, they won't ever want to leave.
The American Health Care Act doesn't do what the GOP says it does. They're counting on you not to notice.
Alaska Native and environmental advocacy groups want to block the president's freeze on an Obama-era drilling ban.
The state's attorney general called the bill \constitutionally suspect.\
Signs in polling places about the state\u2019s controversial voter ID law contained outdated rules. Poll workers gave voters incorrect information. Lines were long.
And where the whip count stands.
The bill would provide $10 million in humanitarian aid to the struggling country.
Ethan Nadelmann is moving on after decades of helping change U.S. drug laws. He's confident the Trump administration can't destroy his legacy.
Customs and Border Protection said its policies haven't changed and it's adhering to the law.
The debate about ex-presidential buckraking didn\u2019t begin with Obama.
The president's daughter has already sunk one discriminatory religious liberty executive order. Another one may be on tap.
\It\u2019s one step away from God, and it\u2019s one step closer to Saddam Hussein.\
Democratic senators specifically asked him about the president's rhetoric and policies.
\u201cI\u2019m going to confiscate your camera,\ state Sen. Scott Wagner said.
The divide isn't new, but it may be growing.
They're getting close to the number of votes they need in the House.
The special election is another test of the backlash against Donald Trump.
Is this constant activity is a carefully conceived strategy to distract the public and the press?
If you live a life without meaning or substance, appearance is the only thing that matters.
We can't tackle Islamophobia without Muslims.
The conversation will cover topics like international trade agreements, cyber-security and the impact of rising military tensions.
Women's \fears have already become reality,\ they wrote.
In the tug-of-war over the historic climate agreement, EPA chief Scott Pruitt and chief strategist Steve Bannon appear to be winning.
CNN host points out that the president lashes the U.S. media as \the enemy\ as he praises dictators.
The president said the program was \unconstitutional,\ but he hasn't stopped it.
Weird. Trump doesn't like it when people spike the football.
Clarke is reportedly being considered for a DHS post under President Donald Trump.
Rep. Mo Brooks is saying openly what many Republicans probably think.
Take a look at the winners and losers.
Suits seek to protect civil servants who provide a \bulwark against autocracy.\
The Portland Police Bureau arrested 25 demonstrators suspected of throwing rocks, bottles and, yes, cans of Pepsi during a May Day march.
A Wall Street bailout lawyer will be running the SEC.
The budget deal is a rebuke to the White House proposal for draconian cuts.
Boris thought he was invincible, too
The president's base remains solidly behind him, although their fervency may be slightly cooled.
He said the United States \needs a good 'shutdown.'\
Trump doesn't know the impact of his own bill. The center cannot hold.
But will it be enough to get them over the finish line?
\u270a
One conservative group says Republicans in Congress may need to look in the mirror and ask, \What are we doing here?\
House Republicans have also fought to keep the documents secret.
Just because something is the law doesn't mean it's morally right.
Republicans are blocking funds for the long-shuttered ACORN again.
Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) said many of his comments on Muslims and LGBTQ people are \very concerning.\
\That will not happen,\ the Republican leader said after Trump got mad Congress didn't pass everything he wanted.
Advocates are growing anxious while key federal agencies shun them, meeting with industry groups instead.
The plan, which passed the House Tuesday, would let companies pay workers with time instead of money.
The New York Times spoke to people who were reportedly in Donald Trump\u2019s office when the tape went public.
The House Speaker wants moderate Republicans \u2014 and you \u2014 to believe his health care bill is just as good as Obamacare on pre-existing conditions. It isn't.
Rep. Ro Khanna (D-Calif.) faced online criticism after meeting with the award-winning White Helmets.
Two nonprofit groups point to donor reports with false and missing information.
Ivanka Trump was just awarded several trademarks for her clothing brand in China.
By John J. Martin Americans now have a greater ability to access information than at any other time in history. Never before
Trump's supporters have nobody to blame but themselves.
We knew.
President Trump\u2019s pending budget proposal is a social and fiscal nightmare, a m\u00e9lange of fraudulent precepts and broken promises
Sick people aren\u2019t going to pay higher premiums, they'll just have the privilege of \contributing\ more to the insurance pool.
Worried that the law sometimes imposes too big a penalty on teens who engage in consensual sexual activity, some legislators
The White House is likely to become just another moneymaking vehicle for the Trump line.
All the towers, elite golf courses, clubs, hotels, condos, and residences.
The House of Representatives and Senate must approve the deal before the end of Friday.
Trump's hero Andrew Jackson could have prevented it, he suggested.
The agreement gives Lahren rights to her Facebook page minus the videos she made for The Blaze.
On Sunday, the terror group's chief claimed it is cooperating with a U.S.-backed coalition. Experts agree.
The visas would revive a stalled State Department program for Afghan interpreters who risked their lives to help American troops.
Former vice president says he's going to work to elect Democrats.
What about nuclear weapons?
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross made the remark at a conference some people paid at least $12,500 to attend.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Today is May Day
But proving that banks' misconduct harmed the cities directly will be an uphill battle.
Immigration experts fear Erik Javier Flores Hernandez's detainment heralds a new wave of \cruel\ and \baseless\ deportation policy under Trump.
It's just not what Bret Stephens, The New York Times' new columnist, says.
They vow to stay unless Gov. Greg Abbott agrees to veto a measure punishing \sanctuary\ cities.
The New Jersey governor called legalization efforts  \beyond stupidity.\
But the FCC's new Republican chairman has already started the process of undoing the rules.
Yes, and unfortunately it\u2019s a pivot to \u201cWhat have I gotten myself into?\u201d
NIH funding will surpass Obama administration levels -- a rebuke of Trump's spending priorities.
The struggle for the eight-hour day was real.
\He deserves respect. That doesn't mean he shouldn't be called out on his lies.\
It's not the first time the president has praised a vicious dictator.
Officials continually ignore repeated warnings from advocates and activists This article was written by imprisoned human
What twisted logic do conservatives use? Not long ago they were whining that bigots going to college campuses should be protected
A new book about Hillary Clinton\u2019s last campaign for president \u2015 \u201cShattered,\u201d by journalists Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes
Donald Trump is good for consumers. And not necessarily in the way you\u2019d think. The new president is busy deregulating vast
I can\u2019t tell if the Democrats are drooling in anticipation at the prospects of defeating an enfeebled Donald Trump infested
This Turkish attack represents a clear failure of Donald Trump\u2019s foreign policy.
Donald Trump was elected president on a promise, central to his campaign, to protect Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security
Accepting criticism is a lesson that Trump should learn from Xi Jinping and Vladimir Putin.
The more a client pays for something, the more they value what they\u2019re buying.
This weekend Donald Trump continued his war on the media. While Trump\u2019s statements should cause concern, a president loathing
Let's take a look.
No, Donald, Andrew Jackson wouldn\u2019t have done a deal to prevent\u00a0Civil War\u00a0given that he owned slaves.\u00b9 Why would he ever
The faster he swears he'll release the text of his speech, the better for him politically.
It's based on the same voodoo economics we've heard many times before.
The Republicans are at it again. The Freedom Caucus said they would come on board if they made the ACA repeal bill even crueler
The talking point is the latest attempt by hawks in Washington to undermine diplomacy.
Despite the flurry of analysis of President Donald Trump\u2019s first 100 days, history will judge him far more on what he does
As Jet\u00f1il-Kijiner told students, \u201cEvery reef has a story, a chant, a song.\u201d We are nothing without our islands. The writer
Rodrigo Zeidan, NYU Shanghai Late April saw an odd couple of days for the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), the
Ouch.
\ud83e\udd14
He still thinks the GOP proposal would cover people \beautifully.\
Rob Quist and Greg Gianforte, running in a special election for Montana's lone House seat, clashed during their only televised debate on Saturday.
Songs about bitter times, disappointing people and lies highlight senator's Spotify picks marking Trump's reign so far.
The president can't really do that because of something called freedom of the press.
The two leaders also reportedly addressed concerns over North Korea.
Obama's national security adviser reiterated her point.
The show celebrated journalism and roasted the president \u2014 much like the actual dinner.
The House minority leader made the declaration after mistakenly referring to President Trump as President Bush.
Gubernatorial candidates Tom Perriello and Ralph Northam both staked out strong positions on abortion rights.
\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02
Bee spoke to HuffPost before taping \Not The White House Correspondents\u2019 Dinner.\
Yet, for some reason, despite low taxes \u2015 and decades of subsidies from the high tax states \u2015 the future never comes. Federal
Today, I saw another article on why America is losing its wars in places like Iraq, Afghanistan, and elsewhere. The gist
When the Trump administration says that the tax cuts our President proposed this week would be historic, they\u2019re right in one sense.
Reflecting on President Trump\u2019s first 100 days in office, Judith Viorst\u2019s wonderful children\u2019s book Alexander and the Terrible
Instead of attending the pro-forma White House Correspondents\u2019 Association dinner as every president has done in the last
As dissatisfaction grows among Democratic voters, the establishment wing of the party continues to resist the increasingly
\A large group of Hollywood actors and Washington media are consoling each other in a hotel ballroom in our nation\u2019s capitol right now.\
David Gergen says Trump's message to Americans who didn't vote for him was
The \Daily Show\ correspondent also joked about Bill O\u2019Reilly and Jeff Sessions.
Really?
The Philippine leader started a \drug war\ that has led to thousands of deaths.
Stars at comedian Samantha Bee\u2019s \u201cNot The White House Correspondents\u2019 Dinner\u201d gave us their responses.
The song tells the story of a woman who finds a snake and takes it into her home, only to later be bitten.
Like a good number of folks who\u2019ve worked in journalism over the years, for me, Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein continue
\I think it\u2019s a very unfair thing because I have been under audit almost, like, since I became famous, OK?\u201d
The group was big, loud and excited. But the president seemed to want more.
While thousands of protestors swarmed the White House, Trump tweeted.
But Bernie Sanders is welcome.
The 25-year-old Muslim-Jewish Democrat is running for office to protect her Virginia district from Donald Trump.
No matter what, millions of Americans could lose coverage.
Hundreds marched through four public housing projects in Queens and past one of the city's dirtiest power plants.
The agency says it's making the changes to reflect the new leadership.
Oh, give me a home where the buffalo roam in pink tutus.
\I wanted it burned into my eyes.\
This is populism?
\All this information was cunningly concealed by being put in books,\ David Frum tweets.
\If the environment were a bank, it would have been saved by now.\
Most don't think that wall with Mexico is likely -- but relatively few really care.
Barely over a tenth of Trump voters think his policies have changed for the worse.
He hits the milestone on April 29.
We\u2019re holding onto our optimism, but there are no jokes about the oncoming train.
And, it probably never will be.
Trump's threat to toss away NAFTA is troubling American farmers.
My worries are worsened in this political climate, as patients face the threat of losing health insurance.
Trump has been completely silent in the face of attacks on Social Security and Medicare from GOP leaders. Not one comment.
The President has issued a proclamation that May 1 be celebrated as \u201cLoyalty Day.\u201d Although in doing so he may be revealing
Tomorrow, in case you hadn\u2019t heard, will be Donald Trump\u2019s 100th day as president. Grading his performance has been a weeklong
\The Handmaid\u2019s Tale\ resonates, but there\u2019s reason for hope.
The gag order from his child custody trial has been lifted. Lucky us.
The president's \brand is the hottest it has ever been.\
Black America has a fast-food problem, and the U.S. government helped create it.
Do you really want to read another think piece about Donald Trump's first 100 days? This is better.
An investigation by these student journalists led to their principal's resignation.
The dinner was largely a rebuke of the president's attacks on the press.
The city will serve as a bellwether for how -- or if -- the Justice Department will fight police abuse under the new attorney general.
The polls say he's right.
Lawmakers are demanding \a serious debate\ about Congress' role in allowing Donald Trump to bomb places.
A Saudi-led coalition is preparing an offensive against one of the last entry-points for humanitarian aid in Yemen.
Murphy is an outspoken critic of gun violence.
The president's move could be \disastrous\ to California's coast, state lawmakers say.
The practice is suspended for at least six months while the Coast Guard explores other options.
The master negotiator hasn\u2019t had much success, you know, negotiating.
Even the author of \The Case For Impeachment\ hopes it doesn't come to that.
A federal crackdown on pot doesn't appear to be looming, Hickenlooper says.
\We want this date to be remembered not just as Trump\u2019s 100th day in office but also as the day we filled the streets.\
Ready for a challenge?
\u201cI loved my previous life. I had so many things going.\u201d
\I take no joy in our popularity when it comes at the expense of women's health.\
A slew of new polling finds largely negative assessments.
The \100 by '50 Act,\ co-sponsored by Bernie Sanders, is a long-shot rallying cry.
Mind you, this was supposed to be done by last October.
And here we were getting excited for Christmas
They say his \history of homophobia and transphobia\ make him unfit to lead the Army.
The senator says money in politics is \a snake that slithers through Washington.\
The Wisconsin state GOP is pushing a bill that could see students expelled for disrupting speeches.
And it could cause a government shutdown in the process.
After the state Supreme Court said he couldn't issue a blanket order, the governor pledged to restore the rights individually.
The public affairs network is gearing up for what may be its biggest courtroom audience yet.
Charmaine Yoest, a Trump campaign surrogate, once bragged about \hollowing out\ Roe v. Wade.
Democrats want more than 9 staffers; Republicans say it's fine the way it is.
A sign of the resurgent left.
If there is an upside to the Trump presidency, that is it.
\u201cI loved my previous life. I had so many things going.\
The American will to wage war \u2014 endless war, pointless war, total war \u2014 is, I fear, impervious to public opinion and even
Washington should act on behalf of people facing death and destruction at the hands determined killers.
As photos from the now infamous Flint water town hall meeting hit the internet last week, I immediately recognized 3 familiar
On the face of it, the Trump plan is silly. By some estimates, the proposed cuts would cost upwards of $6 trillion over the
Last Friday the highest court in New England told the always-amorous Boston U.S. Attorney\u2019s office that it needs some space
Remember, some of the Bible\u2019s most esteemed figures were arrested and thrown in jail.
Trump\u2019s plan heavily favors the rich, will expand the deficit, and drive up interest rates.
By\u00a0Maty Konte, United Nations University; Joice Ferreira, Federal University of Par\u00e1; Sandrine Maljean-Dubois, Aix-Marseille
The weight of the blame belongs with those groups that seriously and credibly threatened violence if Coulter spoke.
What these Alt-right groups have in common is their mysterious funding.
The bill kills pre-existing condition protections and essential health benefits.
Was it really a scandal, or just an over-hyped mess?
Especially when it comes to Republicans.
Saturday marks the first 100 days since Donald Trump became President, and the anti-immigrant, sexist, and racist rhetoric
Day 99 of President Trump... 1. Michelle Obama won\u2019t run for office but will keep making the world a better place. No word
Thankfully, Trump even seems to do bad things badly.
Tax reform was going to be an important issue in the Trump administration.
The art of the deal?
Dank to America!
The Turkish president is cracking down on dissent and has vastly expanded his powers.
\u201cWe are suing because none of us and none of you have time to wait,\u201d plaintiff Kelsey Juliana said.
The EU \u201cwishes to make an urgent humanitarian appeal,\ the ambassador to the U.S. wrote to Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson.
Talk about a comeback.
Alexander Acosta will lead a far more employer-friendly Labor Department than existed under Obama.
He said the president's scorn is galvanizing people to fight global warming.
That didn't take long.
\u201cI recognize that not all of my colleagues agree with me. I\u2019ll do everything I can to persuade them, but they are my colleagues, and that\u2019s just how it is with the Democrats.\
Democrats in Congress urged the EPA chief not to close the agency's Region 5 office.
If they spent one thousandth of the time going after Trump as they did pursuing Hillary Clinton, Trump would \be in big trouble,\ Rep. Elijah Cummings said.
Insulting Asian-Americans and homeless people is fine, but making a joke about Ivanka Trump is too much.
Like Trump's tax plan itself, Steve Mnuchin's explanation was short on details.
Kenneth Williams' lawyers argued he was intellectually disabled, making his execution unconstitutional.
The one-page outline is really just a plan for the president to lower his own taxes, Chuck Schumer said.
The bill bans \sanctuary city\ policies and punishes officials who enact them.
Apparently, more debt isn't so bad when it comes with a tax cut.
OK, this isn't actually one of those lists
And here are the House members who look apt to vote against it.
\What\u2019s going on in the 9th Circuit is a shame.\
\u201cThis woman is 67 years old and has never run afoul of the law for anything more serious than a speeding ticket.\
This post first appeared at BillMoyers.com \u201cDon\u2019t you want God to show up and say He\u2019s kidding?\u201d Louis C.K. asked Stephen
Like smokers trying to quit a pack-a-day habit, some journalists are finally trying to drop the long-running practice of
Today, in Trump\u2019s America... 1. Trump has once again changed his mind and won\u2019t pull the US out of NAFTA. To quote Katy Perry
Donald Trump\u2019s inaugural committee did well by almost any standard
Let\u2019s look at some of the lowlights, in chronological order.
It\u2019s safe to presume congressional subpoenas are imminent.
The president doesn\u2019t seem to care if his proposed tax cuts would drive us in a direction toward financial ruin.
Government agencies, and their enforcement of safety regulations, play a crucial role in protecting workers in dangerous
Decades ago, a group of American Nazis wanted to hold a march, complete with swastikas and all the rest of the Nazi regalia
There appears to be a lack of innovation in Trump\u2019s environment plans.
The former first lady is teaming up with MTV to host a \College Signing Day\ celebration, a tradition she began in 2014.
Trump previously accused Mexico of destroying U.S. jobs, and set 20 percent tariffs on Canadian lumber.
One phone call, two reactions.
It would prohibit airlines from dragging you off a flight. Hopefully.
The president continues an alarming pattern of lashing out against judges who rule against him.
The first thing Dr. Amy Goldberg told me is that this article would be pointless.
The New York mayor plans to roll out free preschool for 3-year-olds.
But there's still a catch.
Congrats?
A plan to reverse the rules is expected to set off a fight over the future of the internet regulation.
The battle over softwood lumber is threatening to spill over into other sectors.
\It doesn't matter to us,\ Judge Amul Thapar tells senators.
Congrats, heirs and heiresses!
The administration had suggested $18 billion of cuts to popular domestic programs.
He wants the seat once held by Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
\ud83e\udd14
The first thing Dr. Amy Goldberg told me is that this article would be pointless.
Clock's ticking on Trump's promise to change the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Chief Justice John Roberts led the charge against a government position that could cast doubt on the citizenship status of countless Americans.
And losers.
Trump was poised to withhold money insurers need to stay afloat. Then he blinked.
\I think the American population has plenty of information on his taxes.\
But so far, it's more talk than action.
Wow, What A Slow News Day
\u201cSome Republicans have declared, \u2018If you can\u2019t beat \u2018em, change the rules,'\ Holder said.
Something, something Clinton Foundation.
The state claims the Trump administration is preventing it from carrying out lethal injections with the substance.
The man who ran seven fake news sites is tired of trolling the American electorate.
Perhaps it's not surprising GOP senators who want to protect expanded Medicaid also want to cover basic benefits and pre-existing conditions.
Coulter had been scheduled to give a speech critical of pro-immigration policies on Thursday. She said she may nonetheless still visit the campus that day.
Their solution is always the same, even though the problem keeps changing.
The U.S. has been very fortunate not to have nuked itself with multiple hydrogen bombs over the last 70 years.
It may not be illegal to interfere with the delicate balance of nature \u2013 but is it ethical?
In recent months, the BOP has been fairly active in soliciting information for its analytic tools.
By all indications, the North Koreans plan to keep their nuclear weapons.
I have been thinking about the fact that most of the people I see in Congress and in the state legislature seem to be fringe
It's called automatic voter registration, and it won't destroy democracy.
Daniel Delomez says he regrets using the word.
\This is a major problem,\ said Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.).
The family of U.S. citizens Siamak and Baquer Namazi is ramping up the pressure on the Trump administration.
He attacked the Obama administration for waging a \war on coal\ and favoring renewables.
Trump signed another executive order Tuesday asking for future policy proposals.
TOP STORIES (And want to get The Morning Email each weekday? Sign up here.) THE GUIDE TO BECOMING JARED KUSHNER\u00a0\u201cA 36-year
\u201cI will always stand with the Jewish people,\ he said.
It's arbitrary, and presidents often get more done in the next 100 days.
Detention centers aren't supposed to be like prisons.
The concession suggests lawmakers may actually be close to a deal to avert a government shutdown.
The White House had floated a tentative schedule that had critics buzzing.
The Senate minority leader says the president has blown opportunities to work with Democrats. Now, the chance for bipartisan cooperation is dimming.
A new poll shows increased support for bigger government and increased federal spending.
The group also went after German Chancellor Angela Merkel's party.
The move escalates a long-running trade dispute between the two countries.
The passenger, David Dao, suffered concussion, a broken nose and lost two front teeth
Turns out the first 100 days were in our hearts, all along.
When he was presiding over a case at the Supreme Court.
Her testimony is set for May 8.
The order threatened to pull federal funding from cities with pro-immigrant policies.
He has promised a \big tax reform and tax reduction\ announcement on Wednesday.
The president wants a big win to brag about, but he might just be setting himself up for failure.
None of these have anything to do with abortion.
By\u00a0David Campbell and Kristina Lambright, Binghamton University, State University of New York To justify President Donald
Why do rational actors assume that intervention will work despite its many recent failures?
Kraig Moss gave Trump his heart, and the 45th president of the United States broke it.
Why isn\u2019t President Trump even doing the obvious to stop job offshoring?
If history is any guide, there are plenty of reasons for consumers to worry.
Federal tax cuts would make low-income housing tax credits, the key to financing almost every affordable housing project
He made terrible political judgments that helped Trump win.
Bad policies that harm working Americans continue to chip away at our aspirations to strive.
He\u2019s the least politically equipped winning presidential candidate to ever sit behind the desk in the Oval Office.
Thanks to social media, murder has become a vehicle for insane notoriety.
The 100th day of Donald Trump\u2019s presidency falls this Saturday (an occasion we\u2019ll be marking with a giant march of resistance
The Wyoming senator was speaking to a group of high school and middle school students.
The statement came after two big missteps in his administration's approach to anti-Semitism.
The Democratic former congressman also has the backing of Sen. Bernie Sanders.
With one miscalculation, by one startled pilot, at 400 miles an hour. And now that Russia is determined to destabilize the
A look at Le Pen's rise.
Sonny Perdue is the former governor of Georgia.
The president continues to weaken his image as a gutsy, straight-talking outsider.
The federal government\u2019s funding is set to expire at 12:01 a.m. on Saturday.
Get ready to slap your knees, folks.
How many working people are able to sit through a three-hour call on a Monday morning?
The suit claims Berkeley \restrict[ed] and stifle[d] the speech of conservative students whose voices fall beyond the campus political orthodoxy.\
Heather Nauert was most recently an anchor for Fox News\u2019 morning news show \u201cFox and Friends,\u201d and previously was a correspondent at ABC News.
Geraldo Rivera said the wall would \u201ckeep out gardeners, baby sitters, pizza delivery boys, dishwashers and fruit pickers.\u201d
Mike Allen takes his best shot, comes up with Gorsuch and \normal.\
And \often, the far-right strategies in Texas are exported to other states,\ one activist says.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! U.S. embassies
[This column was first published by Truthdig.com] \u00a0 Don\u2019t let his languid southern drawl or physical resemblance to the kindly
This might look like the truth -- if you\u2019ve been living in a self-constructed Trump Bubble.
The Affordable Care Act (ACA) commonly known as Obamacare expanded healthcare coverage to approximately 4.6 million Californians
In this week\u2019s episode of Scheer Intelligence, Robert Scheer interviews Cullen Hoback, an American filmmaker who has made
We decided to test the mainstream Democratic Party phobias.
More than 116 years after Eugene Debs founded the Socialist Party of America, the future of socialism in the US may be reemerging.
Every 12 days, a member of my union, the United Steelworkers (USW), or one of their non-union co-workers, is killed on the job. Every 12 days.
These days there is one nation which seems to go out of its way to create terrorism.
Instead, we should commit ourselves to justice. That would feel a lot better than having an embarrassing holiday.
by Doug Weber Business PAC donors tend to be practical. Historically they favor incumbents and try to be friendly with members
Many African-American legislators see the persistence as a consequence of segregation.
When failed military actions are spun as alt-fact \u201cvictories,\u201d the violence isn\u2019t done simply to facts, it\u2019s done to innocent people around the world.
A program designed to address the shortage of doctors in rural and poor urban areas could be in peril unless Congress acts
There\u2019s no reason to believe that further military action will, a decade and a half later, produce more positive results.
It\u2019s designed to create the illusion that Trump is keeping a campaign promise, But it's really helping him break it.
Looks like it\u2019s going to be a busy week of terrible news... 1. The French election will see Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le
\ud83d\ude02
\Our job right now is to build the progressive movement. And we are making some pretty good success.\
\Nobody has a sense of humor anymore,\ he complained.
\There are so many aspects to this terrorist thing,\ John Kelly said.
They want taxpayers to foot the bill instead.
Clinton praised Saturday's demonstrations during a surprise appearance at the Tribeca Film Festival.
The court could soon weigh in on the president's travel ban.
I was one of hundreds shuffled in and out of the county mental health center.
Democrats need to elect people to local office who can, down the road, run for and win federal office.
The once-reliable Democratic voting bloc is no more. Here's why.
\As long as they are prepared to back the law, Roe vs. Wade \u2026 then I think they can be part of the party.\
Former NASA astronaut Leland Melvin, famous for his dog-themed official portrait, joined the March for Science.
An estimated 600 marches are taking place across the world.
Vice Adm. Vivek Murthy will be replaced by Rear Adm. Sylvia Trent-Adams.
They worry the newspaper's coverage will embolden politicians who want to slash aid.
In a week, Attorney General Jeff Sessions angers Hawaiians and New Yorkers.
\We right now have the perfect milieu for more Flints.\
Because, of course.
The March for Science on Saturday drew droves of graduate students worried about funding for jobs drying up.
Climate change hurts canines too.
Homeland Security's inspector general is looking into a possible abuse of authority.
We'd like to boldly add a new disease's definition to the political lexicon. We feel this is necessary since Donald Trump
There are now 1.4 million children at risk of dying from famine.
One thousand five hundred Palestinian prisoners have been on a hunger strike for almost a week now. They are refusing sustenance
Cows aside, there is much more at stake this time for both Canada and the U.S.
Preserving our environment and natural heritage has been a defining aspect of my career.
Bernie Sanders\u2019 crew supports progressive candidate Jean-Luc M\u00e9lenchon Former US president Obama \u201cwade[d] into the French
If the attorney general wishes to cite examples of rampant gun violence, he should look no further than his home state.
Racism and sexism are everyday practice at Fox.
A cache of newly unsealed documents point to a thriving informant system. Only the sheriff's office seems unconvinced.
Rep. Warren Davidson also compared health insurance to a cell phone.
The study findings come amid the seventh anniversary of the largest maritime oil spill.
These would be hilarious if they weren't so real.
\u201cTo me, it\u2019s a sign of intellectual weakness.\u201d
The president has moved swiftly to dismantle a wide range of protections for the environment.
The conservative pundit threatens to sue if she can't speak on April 27.
A new report shows insurers were getting better results in 2016, the third full year of the program.
\u201cFull capacity crowd, no Russian agents.\u201d
Art Cullen's Pulitzer-winning work showed how agribusiness infiltrated an Iowa battle over pollution from farms.
Mnuchin said the decision had been made in consultation with Trump.
The U.S., meanwhile, is attempting to bring back the dirtiest fossil fuel.
United continues to embarrass itself.
Michael Ron David Kadar, 18, was slapped with federal charges, the Justice Department announced.
Trickle-down is back!
Ready for a challenge?
One idea
Montana just became a battleground.
One party loves the president; one party hates him. It wasn't always like this.
He's back.
North Carolina's audit of last year's election found just two cases of voter impersonation -- the kind of fraud voter-ID laws are supposed to prevent.
The senator's \unity tour\ with DNC Chair Tom Perez hasn't exactly gone smoothly.
The oversight committee wants to know more about the president's emoluments.
Chicago, New Orleans, Philadelphia and New York City are among the targets.
They need to show they're doing something -- anything -- or else their voter base may crumble.
His first 100 days are almost up.
\u201cI think we have to face the fact that we may not ever be able to count on this administration to lead on LGBT issues.\
He wants to show progress, but has painfully few ways to actually achieve it.
On the DNC \unity tour,\ there were some conciliatory moments after a controversial week.
Ledell Lee died by lethal injection Thursday just minutes before his death warrant expired.
You're going to want to see what goes on behind the gates at Donald Trump's gilded world.
Trump said Le Pen is \u201cstrongest on borders, and she\u2019s the strongest on what\u2019s been going on in France.\u201d
Even though, as one scholar put it, \FGM has nothing to do with Islam, and Islam has nothing to do with FGM.\
The issue of reproductive choice is not the same as a different perspective on an earmark or funding agricultural subsidies.
President Trump will have been in office for 100 days on April 29. During his boisterous campaign he made a lot of promises
by Ashley Balcerzak With President Trump\u2019s 100th day looming, he\u2019s struggled to check off some of the big initiatives on
In recent days, we\u2019ve heard inconsistent policy statements, and not just about where the hell our ships are.
The bill would make it easier for private prison corporations to help the federal government lock up migrant families.
We have worked too hard and sacrificed too much to be treated like the help.
There are a lot of bad decisions in here.
Other cultural figures have been disgraced recently, but rarely at the peak of their careers.
The  president claimed Iran has failed to comply with \the spirit of the agreement.\
At his child custody trial Wednesday, he didn't yell once. But he got reprimanded again for making faces.
Nearly 21 percent of Florida\u2019s African-American voting population can\u2019t vote because of the law.
Democrats are making a six-figure investment into the Montana state party.
A new report explains how the president's vision of America could lead to rollbacks.
Tucker Carlson is taking over his time slot.
The president again displays a fundamental misunderstanding of trade and NATO in news conference with Italian prime minister
The former Massachusetts senator was an early Trump supporter.
The conservative pundit has vowed to give her immigration lecture in Berkeley anyway.
Hawaii's Sen. Mazie Hirono calls the attorney general's remarks \u201cdog whistle politics.\u201d
\Medical help is on the way\ for Utah's 3rd Congressional District, Democratic hopeful Kathryn Allen said.
There are over 1.4 million active voters in the state.
For a share of the public, views of the president are already deeply ingrained.
His first months in office have been unprecedented -- but \likely not in the way he or his supporters hoped.\
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Today is April
DeVos visited the school with one of her high-profile critics, Randi Weingarten.
A coal mine. A coal-fired power plant. Noticing a trend?
The reality is they may be even further away from an Obamacare replacement than before.
The former secretary of state is almost positive that Kushner exists.
Good times... but also arrests. But also good times.
He has also said he believes being transgender is a disease.
This is just typical, said the Georgia NAACP chief, who is suing the state.
Actual Asian-language poll reports 79% voted for Clinton, compared to the originally reported 65%.
At this point, a massive, grassroots movement is the only viable way we, the people, can succeed in reviving our democracy.
American greatness depends on robust funding for science.
HB4, Relating to Health, is up before the Hawaii State Legislature\u2019s Conference Committee tomorrow. Unfortunately, as currently
Candidate Donald Trump offered a sharp break from his predecessors. He was particularly critical of neoconservatives, who
Proposed cuts would hamstring research at federal agencies that have a long history of doing the heavy lifting.
Bernie is significantly more critical of military intervention than Democratic Party leaders who often champion it.
Many state and local governments offer services that help unauthorized immigrants. Immigrants now worry that any information
Terror drives otherwise decent and reasonable people towards tribalism, authoritarianism and myopic militancy.
The Trump administration is approving deals the Obama administration blocked based on human rights concerns.
Things are going to go from ugly to hideous when the federal government brings its might against sanctuary cities.
Take a deep breath because you might need it, so to speak.
Happy 4/20 y\u2019all. 1. Bill O\u2019Reilly lost his show on Fox due to a loss of ad revenue. It probably should have been cancelled
Clarence Allen Rice died of cancer, in prison instead of at home with his family, because the system didn\u2019t work.
The announcement sets up a gavel fight for the chairmanship of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee.
\u201cThe president said that we have an armada going towards the peninsula. That\u2019s a fact, it happened. ... It is happening, rather.\
You can't make this up.
Maybe not.
His top GOP rival for the congressional seat picked a fight with Planned Parenthood over breast cancer screenings.
They say Tom Perriello will resist President Donald Trump.
\You have this meek guy eating cheeseburgers in someone else\u2019s house all day producing this content to put up on YouTube.\
\u201cHe promised he would. He should keep his promise.\u201d
Soon-to-expire health benefits for coal miners are shaping up to be a flashpoint in the government-funding debate.
Their support for a drug testing regulation shows that any nullified rule can be replaced.
\Like he\u2019s been there forever!\
The runoff is set for June 20.
She and Randi Weingarten will be setting aside their differences on a trip to Ohio.
The party held on to a legislative seat in Alabama as well.
The Department of Homeland Security disputes a 23-year-old's story about his deportation.
A recording of the shock radio personality throwing darts at a picture of Hillary Clinton with his child present won\u2019t be part of his custody trial.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Financial entanglements
A Colorado scheme that essentially forces people to prove they're innocent is unconstitutional.
The election of a man with a history of sexual misconduct unleashed a massive backlash. O'Reilly is feeling it.
Delvonn Heckard is the third person to come forward with abuse claims against Mayor Ed Murray.
A marketing agency has re-released the series for free to support the upcoming March for Science.
Even some of the more liberal justices signaled the state of Missouri may have gone too far against a religious school.
All eyes are on the Supreme Court\u2019s newest justice, who in the past has been friendly to religious claims.
The Democratic House candidate flirted with the possibility of an outright win in Tuesday's primary.
The latest available federal data showed that prison suicides were on the rise in 2014.
How essential health benefits sunk the American Health Care Act.
I started writing blogs and books about guns in September, 2012, when I first learned about the Firearm Owners\u2019 Privacy Act
What is happening to this world? 1. Jon Ossoff fell short of straight up winning a Georgia congressional seat yesterday, but
A friend of mine works at a very big, very powerful, internationally known company. The fact that she\u2019s an executive there
Governing takes a different set of skills than campaigning.
Hm...
The California Freedom Coalition plans to launch a new nationhood petition soon.
In his business life, the president worked with political leaders across the globe.
The president is following the Georgia special election closely.
Juan Manuel Montes, 23, was shipped to Mexico hours after a Border Patrol agent confronted him.
The U.S. Treasury Secretary said that the target to get tax reforms through Congress and on the president's desk before August was \u201chighly aggressive to not realistic at this point.\u201d
According to the Treasury Secretary.
The rookie justice tried to make a good impression, but he wasn't afraid to leave a mark.
He's also seeking changes that would boost purchases of American products in federal contracts.
\The issue is not over.\
On North Korea, NATO, Jerusalem and the Iran nuclear deal -- the new president\u2019s policies are shaping up to be similar to those of the last president.
Like President Donald Trump, Secretary of State Barbara Cegavske produced no evidence.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! 30-year-old Jon
The Republican congressman once infamously said a large proportion of young undocumented immigrants were drug mules with \calves the size of cantaloupes.\
So any liability in the lawsuit filed by protesters \must be shifted\ to the president, he argues.
Civil rights groups say the NCAA is breaking its \promise to ensure all championship games are held in locations that are safe, respectful, and free of discrimination.\
The Supreme Court refused to lift a stay of execution for prisoner Don Davis.
An idea so dumb that light cannot escape from it.
The son of the president also said \some of these politicians\ are mean.
Two new parties are now claiming they're directly harmed by the president's ongoing business dealings.
And why they might be wrong.
Pacific Construction Group wants in on the president's $1 trillion plan, the Financial Times reports.
To help a growing food truck industry, some states are cutting through a tangle of local rules and regulations by establishing
Democrats are hoping a highly-competitive race for the 6th District's seat closes the door on Trump's southern strategy.
The short answer
Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com Now, we know.\u00a0 According to Todd Harrison, an expert with the Center for Strategic and
We can come together in ways big and small.
The instant Stephens posted his murderous video, he assured himself notoriety beyond his wildest dreams.
by Andrew Mayersohn Last week, Kansas\u2019 4th Congressional District nearly produced the first shocking election result of the
Top party officials had until now largely ignored the banjo-strumming House hopeful.
The Canadian prime minister's support for the Keystone XL pipeline conflicts with his image as a progressive darling.
Tech millionaire Greg Gianforte once gave nearly $300,000 to a museum that argues humans walked with dinosaurs and the Earth is only 6,000 years old.
Images posted on Twitter capture another exclusive presidential weekend for the special guests of Trump's golf resort.
They want politicians to \build schools, not walls.\
And what Pence had to say about U.S. strikes in Syria and Afghanistan.
Thanks, Obama.
Grant Township, Pennsylvania, has been fighting to keep a wastewater disposal site out of town.
Sean Spicer forced to smile at children
In an attempt to win a child custody case, Jones' lawyer is insisting it's all an act.
Trump in the past has said the United States should \u201ccancel\u201d the deal.
Whoever has \this much hate around in their hearts is in desperate need of prayers,\u201d  a Council on American-Islamic Relations spokeswoman said.
And fewer people say Trump is honest or a strong and decisive leader.
The GOP actually needs Democratic help to carry out its agenda this time.
Some new Trump officials are working on policies likely to benefit clients they recently served.
Trump has nominated a number of people with anti-LGBTQ stances.
\You know it was made in China?\
Officials say Arcan Cetin, 20, hanged himself.
It didn\u2019t take long for Donald Trump to discover that U.S. foreign policy is about as easy to turn around as a warship in
What Three Children\u2019s Hospital Psychiatrists Were Up To A Year Before The Pelletier Case Might Surprise You This article
There are many deserving Boston area kids\u2019 non-profits, but Boston Children\u2019s Hospital might not be one of them\u2026 This article
In this week\u2019s episode of \u201cScheer Intelligence,\u201d Robert Scheer interviews Dr. Paul Song, a radiation oncologist and an outspoken
She\u2019s \u201cstanding up to injustice,\u201d in the eyes of New York City\u2019s mayor. Meanwhile, a territorial artist claims that she\u2019s
Hint
Advocates say murderers with mental disorders like schizophrenia and bipolar disorder are less culpable, and therefore less
Co-authored by Dorothy Shapiro, Fellow and Lecturer in Law, The University of Chicago Law School President Trump has promised
A radical message from a half-century ago.
Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com Recently, historians Samuel Moyn and Stephen Wertheim wrote an interesting New York Times
Look no further, we got your news right here. 1. Hundreds of Palestinian prisoners in Israel have gone on hunger strike to
\u201cForcing states to provide cash to build church property could open the floodgates to programs that coerce taxpayers to underwrite religion.\u201d
\This is a situation that just cannot continue,\u201d McMaster said.
\North Korea would do well not to test [President Trump's] resolve or the strength of the armed forces of the United States in this region.\u201d
How can Democrats get Steeler Country voters back? They could start by learning Rooney values.
The comedian said \it's time to fight for our country\ at a New York rally demanding the president release his returns.
Demonstrators were waiting for the president. They got the press pool instead.
Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said no, just think of them as law enforcement.
Oh, wait, he thinks he's a \model\ for the media.
He took a much tougher stance against China during the campaign.
However, she noted that \the next day, four men stood up and read exactly the same letter, and they all got to finish.\
\u201cGary is a huge asset to the administration.\
How the previously obscure Anne Frank Center became one of the most scathing critics of the new administration.
Next campaign same as the first
Democrat Jon Ossoff has mounted a competitive challenge for the open House seat.
(This article also appears here in the Maui Independent.) For generations, the myth that what was good for the Alexander
For now we\u2019re back to square one.
When you actually try to govern, there is a reality to reality, and it pushes back.
And the solution to drug abuse \is not arresting a lot of users,\ John Kelly said.
He claims the Tax Day marches must have been paid for.
Arkansas\u2019 plan to execute eight prisoners in 11 days has been a matter of life, death and, now, free speech.
The White House seems to measure regulations in terms of dollars and cents. What about lives lost or saved?
The list has over 10 million names not in the party's files.
Police made at least 13 arrests.
A Badlands employee briefly hijacked tweets because of fears over climate change censorship.
An eighth inmate who had been scheduled to die also won a stay earlier, removing him from the list for April execution.
Fifty bills have been introduced in 26 states to force Trump to disclose his taxes if he wants to be on the ballot in 2020.
\Did you know in Congress there are nearly 300 millionaires? No wonder their so-called health reform was just another tax break for the rich.\
The demonstrations were among the largest since the Women's March.
This tense clash between two nuclear-armed and irrational actors like Trump and Kim Jong-un has me and many foreign policy experts on edge.
As Secretary of State Rex Tillerson wraps up his Moscow visit, and Trump tells the world which cake he was eating while launching
Win or lose, Jon Ossoff\u2019s campaign tells us that progressives can mobilize successfully.
I don\u2019t believe Sean Spicer is anti-Semitic. I think he is a living, breathing example of the Peter Principle in action \u2015 someone
This week saw some history made in the Trump White House. For the first time (at least in our memory), a White House top
The president's shifty approach to paying taxes sows seeds of deceit in cities across the nation.
Arkansas had scheduled the fast-paced series of executions in order to beat the expiration date on its batch of one of the three drugs used in its lethal injection cocktail.
\u201cI say hello to Mitch every chance I get, and he turns his head.\u201d
A spokeswoman called the report \completely false.\
She believes that Putin and Trump are \u201ctied at the hip.\
Happy National Parks Week, America!
But he \can't remember\ saying the inauguration was \some weird s**t.\
It's so good to \have a president who respects the Second Amendment,\ an NRA spokeswoman says.
With decades of experience battling injustice, the congresswoman is now aiming her anger at the president.
How the Red Sox hero went from the top of the world to the bottom of the fever swamps.
They would like to know Trump's intent in North Korea, Syria and elsewhere.
\u201cThe fact that Kushner is President Trump\u2019s son-in-law does not place him above the law.\
New rules are supposed to help the markets work better even as Trump threatens to blow them up.
The assault left blood on the woman's hijab and her copy of the Quran, her lawyer told The Huffington Post.
Ready for a challenge?
And why it could contribute to government shutdown fears.
The mining company paid a $3 million fine last year for violating environmental laws.
Big banks have blown $157.4 billion buying up their own stock since the financial crisis.
Candice Jackson\u2019s intellectual journey raises questions about how actively she will investigate allegations of unfair treatment of minorities and women.
Before this, she was making far less than the male clerk.
\Party's over,\ \Fox & Friends\ hosts said in response to Trump's plan to roll back protections for detained immigrants.
\We must continue to stand up for the rights of all people,\ said Washington's governor.
Town halls draw crowds concerned about health care.
But they still trail Republicans.
President Trump had previously criticized the Obama administration for a lack of transparency.
Bernie Sanders has already co-sponsored the legislation.
Republicans faced a surprisingly close call on Tuesday.
Carlos Toro worked undercover for the DEA for nearly 30 years. Now he says it's clear the agency viewed him as expendable.
The team won a battle for fair pay, then a gold medal.
\One promise he made sure to keep was to build his wall.\
The race is taking a strong turn in Perriello's direction.
The former NFL star is already serving a life sentence for an unrelated murder.
It's part of a last-minute push for Jon Ossoff.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! A madman with
Rep. Don Beyer calls on experts to correct the bad info pushed by the Republican majority.
\u201cI live with the fear of being separated from my mother every day,\u201d said 11-year-old Leah.
Here's the marching schedule for April.
Even if China is no longer manipulating its currency, reforms are still needed, they say.
Ride-hailing services are among the new services to get taxed, as states seek to align old tax codes with a new economy. By
This is a revised and updated version of an article that originally appeared in In These Times on February 17, 2017 It was
Over 1,500 people gathered last month and put questions to a cardboard cutout of Colorado's senator.
Like most Americans my age, I remember exactly what I was doing when the World Trade Centers went down on 9/11. I was just
This week, Christians around the world mark the holiest week in their religious calendar, observing the Passion, crucifixion
This post first appeared at BillMoyers.com As each day piles up the evidence of Donald Trump\u2019s malfeasance, deception, callousness
All these actions by the administration put our children and their families under threat more than ever before.
There is still time for lawmakers to take a different path.
To many people, Tax Day is simply a race to get your papers in order, claim your deductions and hope for a refund. But for
Our northern neighbors had the big, messy, national debate about anti-Muslim hate that we still need.
Get your retweeting fingers ready!
People protested outside once the small venue filled up.
Here's what the satellite images show.
At town halls, angry constituents confronted GOPers over health care and other issues.
\ud83d\udca9
Another government shutdown over Obamacare could be coming, but this time, the stakes are even higher.
An Obama-era rule meant to help livestock farmers fight meat industry abuses could be on death row.
Bannon may have fallen from President Donald Trump's graces, but his ethno-nationalist ally has been busy.
New Jersey's Leonard Lance wants to separate the parts of women's health care he likes from the parts he doesn't.
This is the seventh year in a row Sen. Josh Brecheen has introduced   a bill targeting science education.
There are over 1.7 million registered voters in the state.
Perhaps Trump is also realizing that some of his campaign rhetoric wasn't realistic.
Lansing lawmakers caved just nine days after voting unanimously for sanctuary status.
The president suddenly is in a hurry to issue threats and make international deals.  What could possibly go wrong?
But it's still seen as more extreme than the Democratic Party.
The case of Gavin Grimm \is about much more than bathrooms.\
The North Carolina state representative also called the Civil War \unnecessary and unconstitutional.\
Drain the swamp?
\u201cThe more traditional methods of getting our elected officials\u2019 attention do not seem to be working.\
He overturned Barack Obama's rule protecting the family planning provider.
To those of us who work to end violence against women every day, this is a familiar story.
In case you haven\u2019t been paying attention, the new administration is working hard to undo previous efforts toward reducing
Trump\u2019s missile attack on the Syrian airbase is confounding both Left and Right and evidences how difficult and slippery
Drivers in some regions of the country display riskier behavior behind the wheel than drivers in others, new data indicates
White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney has issued a declaration of class war against the American people. His words may
Welcome to Trump\u2019s new era of winning.
Isn\u2019t it time to give the corporate sponsorship of war its just due?
Absent a plan from the president, U.S. partners Saudi Arabia and the UAE are moving forward despite strategic and humanitarian concerns.
\I said it was obsolete. It\u2019s no longer obsolete.\
The Illinois senator calls for answers from the White House.
Fake news.
Manafort is reportedly the second former Trump adviser to emerge as a foreign agent.
The Chicago mayor says tax dollars are needed first and foremost.
And what that FISA warrant for Trump adviser Carter Page means.
\u201cI got a question mark on the global warming thing,\u201d Atlanta's Kwanza Hall said a day before laying out a sustainability plan.
Sean Spicer's Holocaust flub extends an alarming pattern.
\It's a great lesson for everyone,\ said the White House adviser.
Bannon is \a guy who works for me,\ Trump said.
Trying would have backfired, they say -- though they lost anyway.
Neil Gorsuch? That was us. We did that. All House Republicans. You're welcome.
State Attorney Aramis Ayala says the governor is violating her constitutional rights.
The attorney general's past suggests he'll push for long prison sentences for even non-violent drug offenses.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! President Trump
Is it really so surprising to see Sebastian Gorka keep his White House job?
And Trump could do that pretty quickly.
Republican Ron Estes won a race seen as an opportunity for Democrats to rebuke President Donald Trump.
From currency manipulation to NATO to Syria, Trump is flexible.
The Supreme Court's chief really, really dislikes the confirmation process.
Style and substance are both yielding to societal norms - at last From the moment Donald Trump down rode that escalator straight
They were poorly-chosen words that he sincerely apologized for.
There are just too many contradictions to suppose that Trump has suddenly changed his stripes.
It\u2019s not just Tuesday\u2019s bit of idiocy, but an entire body of work.
Ask yourself this question
For all he knows, foreign leaders could be insulting him.
Trump\u2019s attack imposed a new responsibility on the US to follow through with.
Spicer reflects his entire party, not just himself or the man for whom he works.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Fact-checkers
Senior officials also suggest Russia must have known about the latest gas attack ahead of time.
So it might be time to rethink the administration's refugee policy, Sean Spicer.
The 19-year-old women's rights activist became the youngest United Nations Messenger of Peace on Tuesday.
\It was a mistake,\ the White House press secretary said.
Fake views.
Just a third of politically engaged Americans say they're finding this year unusually overwhelming.
Heads or tails?
Most find about half of the public in favor.
As Jones says, \It shows how historically ignorant [Spicer's] crew is.\
It's not just the airline we should be mad at.
Including the full text of the CEO's controversial letter.
There's been a sudden swell of Democratic enthusiasm in a Republican stronghold.
The office will focus on potential conflicts of interest and communications with foreign governments.
The airline industry is hurtling toward monopoly.
\I don't think anyone looks at that video and isn't a little disturbed that another human being is treated that way.\
Congress will have just four days after spring break to cut a deal.
\u201cHere I am today, a recycler, a bike seller, a furniture maker. I\u2019m 50 years old and I don\u2019t know what the hell I am.\
This really happened.
\Either he is speaking for the president, or the president should have known better than to hire him.\
The records would show who may be seeking to influence the Trump administration.
\This is the Trump era. The lawlessness, the abdication of the duty to enforce our immigration laws, and the catch-and-release practices of old are over.\
He has spent 21 days of his 80-day presidency at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, at an estimated cost of $21.6 million.
\u201cIs that nepotism? Absolutely. Is that also a beautiful thing? Absolutely.\
On Bergdahl\u2019s release, Trump complained that Obama had made a 'terrible deal.'
Anyone who has seen what it looks like when a real war gathers its evils together can\u2019t help but hear the pounding.
Two wrongs don\u2019t make a right.
Donald Trump entered office with a relatively weak position according to public opinion. His job approval has rarely gone
The strike achieved almost nothing concrete at all.
As more research shows the harmful effects of shifting to daylight saving time, more states are considering whether it\u2019s
The innovation group should measure the effectiveness of business programs across all agencies.
President Trump signed an executive order on March 31 requesting an \u201cOmnibus Report on Significant Trade Deficits.\u201d This
All the news for the day, including sizzling details on the \u201cLuv Guv.\u201d 1. Trump is set to spend more federal money on travel
The senator said Rex Tillerson may have signaled that the U.S. would steer clear of conflict in the country.
The government told senators that the woman didn't ask for asylum. But she and her lawyer say she tried repeatedly.
Royal Dutch Shell and Italian major Eni deny any wrongdoing.
The ruling follows a switch in positions by the Department of Justice.
Sean Spicer seemed to contradict himself on whether the administration has a new red line for military action in Syria.
And what President Trump can expect moving forward.
An analysis of special elections since November offers some clues about the party's changing fortunes.
They've expressed concern over what this could mean for free speech.
The GOP governor claims the publication doesn't fit the Department of Natural Resources' core mission.
Following a bitter confirmation fight, the high court's newest member is expected to serve for decades.
The ADL says the anti-Kushner campaign has the \hallmarks of classic Jewish conspiracy theories.\
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! We\u2019re approaching
They're embracing new practices in hopes of influencing an industry stuck in the past.
\u201cHe will be a great Justice,\u201d Trump said in a Twitter post.
Is a miracle cure consistent with Trump's economic policies?
Cutting the budget to bare bones while simultaneously raising graduation requirements is not a recipe for success.
The Navy\u2019s plans threaten an area of the Gulf that couldn\u2019t be more biologically sensitive.
Tomahawk Missiles Fired into Syria By Roger Witherspoon In 2013, President Assad launched a massive gas attack on civilians
The anti-Russia bandwagon has gained so much momentum that a national frenzy is boosting the odds of unfathomable catastrophe.
President Donald Trump recently appointed his daughter Ivanka and son-in-law Jared Kushner as unpaid senior White House advisors
He's set in motion a process to kill a common-sense rule that would keep financial advisers from siphoning off money from their clients.
It is far too early to know if the massive non-military budget cuts proposed by the Trump Administration will be enacted
North Korea acts like an incorrigible child, only with nuclear weapons. Whenever hopes begin to build that Pyongyang is ready
But the issue might soon end up in front of the Supreme Court.
Cybercriminals are unrelenting in their attacks on state and local government computers, and the states are looking to Congress
Senators say they're open to restoring the filibuster for Supreme Court nominees.
But the former Maryland governor says if he had been the Democratic nominee, \I think I would have won.\
America must have the capacity to truly respond to security crises before they necessitate the deployment of troops and missiles.
He\u2019s fascinated with big wars and big destruction.
The systemic failure of the 21st-century American way of war cannot easily be reformed.
Dalai Lama and Carl Jung Shed Light On Coping and Understanding the Other Side \u201cThere must be some kind a way out of here
Antonin Scalia and Ruth Bader Ginsburg were close friends. In a climate of bitter party rancor, there was something comforting
The president's supposed humanitarian concern doesn't extend to Syrians displaced by their country's civil war.
The secretary of state says there's no change to U.S. policy, but the U.N. ambassador says there can be no peace with Syrian President Bashar Assad.
She couldn't explain why Trump strongly opposed taking action in 2013.
Reince Priebus told Kushner and Bannon to \stop with the palace intrigue.\
\u201cWe feel the increased presence is necessary,\u201d the official said, citing North Korea\u2019s worrisome behavior.
The GOP fears a mail-in ballot would favor a Democrat in the special election for a Trump appointee's old House seat.
On November 22, 1963 I was sent home early from St. Benedict\u2019s Parochial School in the Bedford-Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn
A reduction of 450 million dollars to the university\u2019s budget can only mean the imminent destruction of the UPR as we know it.
As a Jew, I know better than to confuse my current privilege with safety.
James Thompson attempts a miracle in an ultra-conservative district.
If the state Senate approves the budget, New York will become the first state to do so.
A plurality thinks Trump should have asked Congress for authorization.
Responsibility for the chemical event in Khan Sheikhoun is still very much in question.
\u201cWar must never be considered a public relations operation.\
Demonstrators turn out in New York, Philadelphia, Chicago, Detroit, Newark, Jacksonville and Boston.
Newsman asks if she sees any \disconnect\ between Trump's executive order and his outrage over slain Syrians.
And they have no idea what the president might do next.
Many of them agree with the idea of retaliation. The party's base is more skeptical.
\It sounds like we are suggesting that 'bounce backs' are [voter] fraud or likely to be fraud.\u201d
Washington Democrats have been ignoring the special election in Montana, but Sanders may make it a stop on his national tour with the DNC's Tom Perez.
After 10 days of in-person early voting, numbers continue to look good for Ossoff.
Republicans seem to be worried.
It's like watching the worst reality TV show ever.
Barbara Lee said presidents have been \hiding behind\ the 2001 war authorization \to engage in unilateral action.\
He poked fun at Sen. John McCain for having been a prisoner of war.
The Treasury Department essentially has a 1,000-page financial no-fly list.
Washington insiders gave Donald Trump the biggest win in his otherwise chaotic presidency.
In this week\u2019s episode of Scheer Intelligence, Robert Scheer interviews attorney Bill Blum, a Truthdig columnist and a lecturer
Just after having Dover sole and dessert with the President of China on Thursday, U.S. President Donald Trump secretly unleashed
It has been tried in many countries and has led to devastating consequences.
Trump and Pence represent two troubling trends in American Christianity.
It turns out that Donald Trump is pretty good at predicting his own future behavior. You just have to change the names, that\u2019s
If it wasn\u2019t for the Affordable Care Act, I wouldn\u2019t be here today.
Does anyone really believe President Trump\u2019s feigned sympathy for Syrian children?
Military strikes never happen in isolation \u2014 the before and after are arguably even more important than the strike itself.
On the 27th of January Donald Trump issued an executive order banning citizens from the seven primarily Muslim countries
About 60 percent of Americans just don\u2019t trust Trump.
The U.S. can apply the lessons learned in Iraq to make Syria less disastrous.
This latest U.S strike will do nothing to help fix the human tragedy in Syria.
\u201cNo child should be forced to wipe down cafeteria tables or throw away a meal because of a debt.\
It's not clear whether the president has a plan to manage the fallout of strikes against the Assad regime.
U.S. fans from Tulsi Gabbard to David Duke stand their ground after Trump's airstrikes.
Is it technically hunting if your prey is sleeping?
Apparently they're two different things!
The missile strikes could be making the lives of U.S. troops in Syria even more dangerous.
Putin's spokesman called the attack an \u201caggression against a sovereign state in violation of international law.\u201d
The president's budget plan singles out heating assistance for the poor.
The caller accuses a librarian of advocating \white genocide,\ and calls the Holocaust a \lie.\
California\u2019s transportation systems have gone unrepaired and unexpanded for decades.
The president has demonized refugees, particularly Syrians, for years.
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai met with major telecommunications trade groups to discuss his preliminary plan to reverse the rules, the sources said.
How closely have you been following the week's top stories?
The administration \is reserving their options\ for further action, Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.) said.
And the reaction from Russia.
Surveys measuring public opinion on political issues face a different set of challenges than most election polls.
The government's order was \unconstitutional,\ and its backing down was a \victory for free speech and right to dissent,\ the ACLU said.
The rapper showed up to stand with the education secretary.
Both Democrats and Republicans may benefit from the Senate's new status quo.
The bill, backed by the National Rifle Association, allows for children under 14 to use handguns.
Republicans blew up the rules to force Donald Trump's nominee through.
\u201cWe see no conflict between our religious faith and the findings of science.\u201d
New polling also finds that most still consider President Trump a political outsider.
Who needs AUMF when you've got Umph?
The law would cut funding for HIV tests and cancer screenings in Ohio.
Elevating Gary Cohn to chief of staff would be a major win for the Wall Street wing of the White House.
Democratic officials are expected to join Sanders on the road.
The probe may not even deliver the formal, public investigation activists are likely hoping for.
Ads link Jon Ossoff, who is running for the House seat vacated by a Trump Cabinet appointee, with Osama bin Laden.
This move has the added value of making Trump look like he is getting tough with Russia.
This is not a video war game.
In fiscal year 2017, states will spend approximately $83.6 billion on higher education funding. Thirty-two of those states
Educating about citizen displacement is just one aspect of Tanya Washington\u2019s mission to champion the people.
USA
Roger Stone, political consultant and author of The Making of the President 2016
This piece was previously published in The National Interest. Trump should refuse to grant the request of Gen. Joseph Votel
For months, activists, especially nonprofit and philanthropic leaders have been worrying about how they can best operate
Tens of thousands of mentally ill people languish in jail. Many cities and states increasingly are working to get them treatment
In retaliation to the \u2018chemical attack\u2019 on civilians in Syria earlier this week, President Donald Trump ordered a Tomahawk
One\u2019s a believer and a doer; the other doesn\u2019t buy it. No matter, the threat will be right outside.
GOP Reps. Mike Conaway, Trey Gowdy and Tom Rooney all seem to doubt that Moscow and the Trump campaign coordinated during the election.
Meanwhile, the House Ethics Committee is investigating allegations that Nunes leaked classified information.
Previously, it featured two boys enjoying nature.
It won't stop Neil Gorsuch from being confirmed. Republicans are expected to change the rules to force him through.
Early voting suggests Democrats are riding an anti-Trump wave in a place where they least expect it.
If only they'd had more time, Sen. Chris Coons said.
However, the tax would harm all 50 states, the report said.
Inside the turf war.
The state Ethics Commission has found probable cause to believe Robert Bentley broke ethics and campaign rules.
The Republicans' historic move ends the Senate minority's power to stall any nominees, clears path for Neil Gorsuch.
With Democrats set to filibuster the Supreme Court nominee, Mitch McConnell says he will change the rules to confirm him.
But as the GOP's health care bill shows, reality can be more complicated.
U.S. officials rejected Russia\u2019s assertion that Syrian rebels were to blame for the attack.
Revealing the user's identity would be a violation of First Amendment rights, it argues.
Dozens of Democrats and Republicans in Congress are fighting cuts to a program that rural communities rely on for clean water.
Reports of tension between the president's two closest advisers are the latest intrigue to beset the Trump White House.
\u201cThis is part of our history.\u201d
But from the GOP's angle, \It's going great!\
Mitch McConnell changed the Senate's rules for Supreme Court nominees.
Whose fault is it anyway?
Republicans' historic move ends the Senate minority's power to block nominees and clears a path for Neil Gorsuch.
His wife believed only criminals would be targeted.
\u201cThe Trump administration is not above the law \u2014 and we will not let them put our kids at risk.\
\u201cThey are flat-out worn out,\u201d GOP Rep. Jason Chaffetz tells The New York Times.
In today\u2019s installment of \u201cMike Lux
We may well have to embrace some of Trump\u2019s disillusioned followers to the fold of Democratic communities \u2014 and practice forgiveness.
Gorsuch could even be more dangerous than Thomas in two ways.
I was blessed at a young age to discover the joys of travel. During summer vacations I was blessed to spend time in Greece
With all the crazy that is out there now, it is easy to get distracted and forget what really matters
Huffington Post reporter Matt Fuller tweeted this morning that U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman refused to talk to him because, Coffman
Co-authored by Scott Greytak, Represent.Us Senior Counsel Plenty of important news stories have failed to break through the
Passover is a particularly charged holiday for our community, as we retell one of the greatest stories of workers collectively
Presidents Donald Trump and Xi Jinping are meeting in Mar-a-Lago today and tomorrow. Expectations for the summit are humble
The synthetic opioid has led to overdose deaths across the country and a lot of it comes from China.
The president didn't specify what crime he thinks Rice might have committed.
One way or another, Connecticut Rep. John Larson's bill is a political winner.
The GOP is throwing everything but the kitchen sink at Jon Ossoff.
For a guy who got famous for hiring and firing people, he doesn't seem to be great at doing background checks.
\u201cWe don\u2019t conduct partisan filibusters of Supreme Court nominees,\ said one GOP senator.
\u00af\\_(\u30c4)_/\u00af
Including Sen. Jeff Merkley's protest.
The president didn't explain what his shift means for U.S. policy.
From the White House to Mar-a-Lago, the Recovery Act's effects are inescapable.
Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said he \u201ccan\u2019t imagine\u201d splitting up children and their mothers except under certain circumstances.
Dave Min is the second Democrat to announce a challenge to Rep. Mimi Walters.
This is the second legal victory for the LGBT community within the week.
The senator said he will help end filibusters because the Supreme Court needs to fill the seat his party left vacant.
They just voted for a Trump nominee who worked as the bailout lawyer for Goldman Sachs.
The speaker's popularity has taken a steep downturn since December.
\I'm not going to build new coal plants in today\u2019s environment.\u201d
\This assault on our democracy demands as robust a resistance as we can possibly mount.\
Gay and lesbian workers in three Midwest states now have greater federal protection.
\u201cMost of the impact I have, over time most people will not actually know about.\u201d she says.
Despite his white nationalist ties and support for Islamophobic policies, Bannon remains hugely influential.
It's on April 15, of course.
\u201cThe era of reefer madness in Kansas City has come to an end,\ said one advocate.
Contributions are flowing to Democratic Party committees and candidates at record levels.
The indictment of former Rep. Steve Stockman (R-Texas) offers a rare look at how a wealthy conservative's money was spent.
Conservatives lost a battle to throw out officials who allowed a transgender girl to use female facilities.
The Trump White House is more concerned with extending the Trump brand in China than human rights.
At the end of the day, whatever impact they have on the government and, in turn, the country, will be on him.
Trump's \u201cpopulism\u201d hasn\u2019t helped or sought to aid anyone but elites, a group he often decried.
As an opioid epidemic rages, states are running out of residential slots to treat people with drug and alcohol addiction
Or will a few select GOP senators decline to vote for the nuclear option?
The secretary of state ignored a question about the attack.
\Every conspiracy floated by the administration\ is an opportunity for fake news operations, Clint Watts tells NPR.
Instead of controlling costs, it would shift them -- onto the people with medical problems.
Maybe it's not the best political climate for repealing the law.
\He is a committed progressive who will stand up for working families in Richmond,\ Sanders said.
Civil rights groups have raised alarm over a rise in hate incidents since November's election.
\Just run for the office you want to run for and run on the issue you want to fix,\ she tells New York magazine.
The controversial tax options are being considered as part of a tax code overhaul to raise revenue.
As well as the future of the GOP health care bill.
Lead Locally is recruiting candidates for local government who will take a hard line against fossil fuels.
Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said he would look into their concerns.
A showdown in the Senate is set for Thursday.
Trump wants to dismantle the environmental agency, the union's president says.
But talk is cheap. They're looking for the president to deliver on infrastructure.
Blocked energy efficiency standards would help the environment and save consumers $24 billion, New York's attorney general says.
The man who blocked Obama's last court nominee says Democrats must treat Neil Gorsuch better, or he'll change Senate rules.
A fight over pre-existing conditions has imperiled an already imperiled bill.
Sen. John McCain, on the other hand, says anyone who thinks the Senate would be better off is \a stupid idiot.\
A new study tests the differences between online and phone surveys -- and finds little evidence of an effect.
Republicans continue to be fixated with Susan Rice.
Some Twitter users called opening day at Nationals Park a win for the home team \u2014 and America.
LGBTQ groups had urged the NCAA to keep its events out of the state after a \fake repeal of HB2.\
\We ask the Trump Administration to engage with us before embarking on any changes to regulatory and enforcement systems.\
\Since we\u2019re actually in the biz of facts, we figured we\u2019d respond w/ a few.\
Another Obama-era safety regulation is on the chopping block.
The White House keeps trying to make the exposure of details about Russian contacts with Trump officials the big story, rather than the contacts themselves.
Construction was one of the most dangerous professions at the time.
The GOP health care overhaul remains a longshot.
Steve Fitzgerald says a vote against him is a vote against Trump's agenda.
Perez also drew fire for saying Donald Trump \didn't win this election.\
It's a big change from President Barack Obama's Army secretary, who was the first openly gay person to hold the job.
The program the Washington State Department of Corrections is rolling out is proving good for bees, and inmates too.
The law creates \significant burdens\ on women and is \likely unconstitutional,\ the ruling says.
Republicans just repealed a major safety regulation issued by former President Barack Obama.
Tom Perriello represents the future of the Democratic Party.
This morning I testified as a witness before the House Judiciary Committee\u2019s Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice
It's still the economy, stupid.
The money will go toward maintenance of the nation's battlefields.
President Trump had previously criticized Obama for not publicly condemning Egypt's human rights record.
\We are very much behind President Sisi,\ Trump said.
\Working together\ is necessary for the security of the nation, the senator warned.
President Trump's press office keeps shooting his message in the foot.
Besides, you probably don\u2019t want to pick a fight with Justin Amash.
Jeffery Bean was one of 200 factory workers laid off by Batesville Casket last month.
The Guardian's Sam Knight shows us how the world is going to change.
The signing follows strong criticism of the bill, which is a win for AT&T Inc, Comcast Corp and Verizon Communications Inc.
Republicans need five more Democrats to vote for Gorsuch to prevent a filibuster.
\For tax purposes, it\u2019s as if the trust doesn\u2019t exist at all.\
With Democrats clinching enough votes to filibuster the judge, a Senate showdown is expected later this week.
It's all about winning.
The White House, Empire State Building and other iconic sites were bathed in blue.
Mitch McConnell might blow up the rules.
Sen. Tom Carper says Scott Pruitt provided nothing to justify his decision.
Protecting life is the \central role of government,\ he said. Leading Democratic candidates support abortion rights.
\The fate of your soul is soon to be decided,\ mystery writer warns.
The measure would bar local police from cooperating with federal crackdowns on pot operations allowed under state laws.
The GOP measure erasing broadband privacy protections is even more unpopular than the party\u2019s failed plan to repeal Obamacare.
Alaska and Minnesota are leading the way with big ideas.
Nearly everyone agreed that equal access to the courts is valuable, even foundational, to our justice system. Until now.
Undoubtedly Trump\u2019s counting on his Supreme Court nominee to demonstrate loyalty.
I came across something this week that brought me right back to the anger I felt on Election Night (admittedly, it doesn\u2019t
Our representatives have failed to recognize the importance of health care reform that caters to the people.
Last month I was invited to preach at the First Presbyterian Church of Hinton and present at a community-wide meeting sponsored
Co-authored by\u00a0Alyssa Derosa, clinic student, in the Liberty & National Security Program at the Brennan Center for Justice
Economists and policy analysts say the complex lending programs have failed to deliver promised jobs and tax revenue. By
\We need a guard dog, not a lap dog,\ demonstrators shouted.
The review was accelerated to be completed before Trump\u2019s summit with Chinese President Xi Jinping this week.
He's got no regrets about refusing to consider Merrick Garland.
Science says otherwise.
It took George W. Bush years to get to this point.
Schiff said the president's tweets \tell the story.\
Constituents shouted \u201cMerrick Garland!\u201d reminding Republicans they blocked former President Obama\u2019s Supreme Court nominee last year.
Inching closer to 60 votes.
The payments were not included in a form he signed on February 11.
\It is plausible that Trump's direction to 'get 'em out of here' advocated use of force,\ a federal judge said.
Daily, our senses are attacked and our intelligence insulted.
\I think we\u2019ve got a reign of terror here that many people can go about their lives not noticing.\
Leading Democrats could hold Trump accountable for his bizarre positions and offer more attractive alternatives every week.
Most Americans don\u2019t realize it, but yesterday, April 2 the US quietly celebrated the centennial of an event that is as auspicious
\He's got a lot of things he's doing, but he is not stopping me from beating up on Russia.\
The Russians \made him a lot of money,\ the Mavericks owner said. \That makes them his friends.\
Last November, the Electoral College (not to be confused with the majority of voters\u2014which of itself should not be confused
\Rikers Island is a 19th century solution to a 21st century problem.\
More than 1,000 people showed up to question Rep. Chris Stewart.
Pity the poor foxes in charge of the hen house.
A special election in Georgia's 6th district is testing the liberal backlash against Donald Trump.
Financial entanglements of the new senior White House aide heightens conflicts of interest concerns.
Trump released details on his many staffers, including senior adviser Steve Bannon.
\These materials should now be provided to the full membership of both committees.\
Rep. Justin Amash (R-Mich.) was not having it.
The famed conservationist is supporting this month\u2019s \u201cMarch for Science\u201d amid Donald Trump\u2019s push to derail climate action.
Shadow of Russian investigations darkens the mood in the Oval Office.
Will tomorrow be any different at the White House? Since we all seem to now be living in Bizarro World, wouldn\u2019t that tend
These men have served their sentences and were leading otherwise regular lives with spouses, children, and jobs when they were detained.
\u201cThose who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.\u201d
The deniers want Trump to fulfill a campaign promise that some say may prove legally impossible.
Tammy Duckworth (Ill.) and Catherine Cortez Masto (Nev.) will both vote against Trump's Supreme Court nominee.
The agency has continued to publicly deny that a jailhouse informant program even exists in the county.
Raphael Mechoulam says his interest in cannabis has always been scientific.
Flynn, the former national security adviser, has hired an anti-Trump lawyer to represent him.
The former Obama official fired back Friday after Spicer claimed again that she\u2019d uncovered evidence of Barack Obama spying on Donald Trump.
\Policies that fail to protect our planet are not only against Catholic teaching but are also immoral.\u201d
A new poll shows their views of the Speaker underwater.
\This is the whole playbook of voter suppression.\
Environmental groups warn the delisting could further imperil the sea cows.
But there's literally no other way to measure what the public thinks.
Ready for a challenge?
Kentucky is trying to become the only state without any abortion clinics.
Which is ironic considering his 2016 remarks.
Farmers don't want to lose access to foreign markets.
With a pen stroke, the president \is preventing people from being able to take protective measures ahead of time.\
\Where there's smoke, there's fire.\
And 70 percent describe his Twitter use as \u201creckless and distracting.\ Sad!
Tom Price did some fishy stock trades.
Internet privacy laws against humanity.
Rebalancing trade was one of the president's key campaign promises.
While in Congress, Tom Price intervened on a rule that would hurt drug company profits shortly after his broker bought him up to $90,000 worth of pharmaceutical stock.
They're taking their demands right to Senate Democrats' campaign HQ.
Missouri's Claire McCaskill says she'll join a planned filibuster against the Supreme Court nominee.
The case concerns Pruitt's personal email address and official business.
Pruitt said in a interview he does not believe carbon dioxide is driving global climate change.
And Paul Ryan, a formal rival of the president, seems fine with Trump bashing the Freedom Caucus.
War remains a kind of religion, but only if the public can be kept at a distance from its stench and realness.
Is this really the way citizens want the Senate to work?
The number one priority for the Resistance movement this coming week must be to use every tactic in its book\u2014including phone
The president's war with the media continues.
Others in his party are planning to filibuster Donald Trump's Supreme Court pick.
According to the Wall Street Journal, Flynn's offer has not been accepted.
The comment would signal a departure from the Obama administration\u2019s initial stance on Assad\u2019s fate.
Mothers and children may be separated without the licenses, a private prison executive said.
When Russian state-owned media put out false information, Trump has helped spread it.
\We cannot fault the president for being politically incorrect, but we do fault him for being constitutionally incorrect.\
But critics wonder whether the additional backing is merely symbolic.
Steven G. Bradbury appears to be in the running for a position in the administration.
\u201cThis is an important first step toward justice,\u201d Daniel Ramirez Medina's lawyer said.
And why you should be paying attention to the UN nuclear talks.
The justices were puzzling over a state law about credit card swipe fees.
The House speaker's comments are at odds with President Donald Trump's apparent interest in gaining Democratic support.
One party is poised to blow up Senate rules as the other blocks Neil Gorsuch's confirmation. Adios, bipartisanship!
\If I start going down the path of confirming and denying one thing, we\u2019re going down a very slippery slope.\
President Donald Trump tweeted threats against members of his own party, no doubt a ploy to distract the media from that
\I\u2019ve been asked this question a lot throughout my life, and the answer has never changed.\
Washington would keep some of NAFTA\u2019s most controversial provisions.
The Senate change would have a \seismic impact\ on future Supreme Court confirmations.
\u201cReversing these landmark privacy protections would be the antithesis of a pro-consumer Administration.\u201d
Is there anyone the president hasn\u2019t lashed over his health care failure?
Experts fear the president's proposals would devastate efforts to curb the crisis.
They\u2019re taking a page from \The Art of the Deal.\
The first step to negotiating is to refuse to negotiate. Wait, what?
Environmental groups allege Trump administration approval of the project broke the law.
\If I don\u2019t like the practices of Google, I can go to Bing... But if I don\u2019t like the practice of my network provider, I\u2019m out of luck.\
It makes it harder for the federal government to track which contractors are discriminating.
The Trump administration started a national conversation about the merits of feeding the elderly.
The House hardliners played a key role in tanking the GOP's Obamacare replacement bill.
The executive order President Trump signed earlier this week to nullify Obama administration climate change initiatives was
He's forced Trump to his right, to a set of positions that are widely unpopular and which Trump himself never embraced.
Shouldn\u2019t Democrats be able to ask for the same for the highest court in the land?
The only \u201cprinciples\u201d they seem to have are driven by profit and power.
I attended a breakfast meeting with the US Envoy to the UN, Ms. Nikki Haley, at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York
Spoiler alert
\ud83d\ude02
\u201cFor no other reason but for being Jewish, I was hauled off by the Nazis.\
The president\u2019s meeting with Germany\u2019s Angela Merkel offers a window into the foreign policy perils of a fact-free presidency.
But this is actually making things way more confusing for resettlement agencies.
On Monday, a quixotic and necessary conference kicked off at the United Nations.
Rep. Beto O'Rourke plans to announce his candidacy Friday.
\u201cI was wrong,\u201d Bill Baroni said Wednesday.
And what it means for your internet privacy.
A dispatch from Khazar Fatemi.
A new poll shows strong public support for remaining in the Paris Agreement and funding Energy Star.
Daniel Ramirez Medina spent several weeks in detention, even though he has no criminal record.
No one was injured.
But if the president fixes his credibility issue with black members of Congress, they'll try to work with him.
Happy Women's History Month, West Virginia! \ud83d\ude12
Trump appointed Christie to an opioid commission.
Activists behind the fetal-tissue smear videos were charged with 15 felonies.
The Northern Cheyenne Tribe has decided to fight back.
But they know they\u2019ll need more than anti-Trump sentiment to win.
Legal experts have called the decision \very disturbing\ and \far-fetched.\
\It is beyond belief that we have the leader of the most powerful country on earth not believing in science.\
Rep. Lamar Smith instead promotes the work of right-wing website Breitbart news.
Margot Wallstrom pushes forward on international cooperation, equality and correcting the record on refugees.
The announcement came the same day his former aides were sentenced for their roles in the \Bridgegate\ scandal.
Both the House and Senate have voted to overturn the privacy rules.
Despite the \gloom and doom\ the conservationist feels in the U.S., she also finds hope in a new awakening.
\u201cIt\u2019s frankly demeaning  for some folks to say that she can\u2019t take it.\
Campaign promises are meeting governing realities, and realities are winning.
The controversial practice endangers Americans' civil liberties, critics say.
You can thank House Speaker Ryan and President Trump for pushing their cruel health insurance boondoggle. This debacle has
There has seldom been a time when the wisdom of John Adams\u2019s separation of powers among the three branches of government
Quite simply, America is the linchpin of the system of global health development and humanitarian assistance. But the recent
Donald Trump is making good on his terrifying campaign promises to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. and to round up and
That the White House spoke up at all about this week's events is a sign that public pressure is working.
Why does he have this power? Why does anyone have this power?
Rep. Lamar Smith has invited three climate change skeptics to discuss the issue at a hearing this week.
She showed up at the border bearing a scar from a gunshot wound to the head. The Trump administration plans to deport her.
There's \no doubt\ Putin \tried to interfere with our fundamental democratic process,\ the former vice president says.
The new chairman, Tom Perez, is starting to shake things up.
Sabotage could hit rural areas and the South hardest.
\Unfortunately, your Executive Order takes the nation in the wrong direction.\
Environmentalists vowed to fight the policy reversal.
Despite White House executive orders and gains in overall coal production, jobs-starved Appalachia is forecast to see a 3.3 percent decrease in mining.
If they\u2019re to retake Congress in 2018, Democrats need their newfound activist hordes to focus on health coverage\u2014and diverse, upscale swing districts.
Kansas legislators voted Monday to expand Medicaid. More red states could follow.
They want to send the message that their policies make the country safer.
The president's base still expects him to lead a repeal of Obamacare.
GOP-controlled states have taken to banning local minimum wage hikes, but Iowa's measure is the first to be retroactive.
\Republicans have never once since they took authority back ... passed a fiscally necessary bill by themselves.\
Democrats hope to capture the House seat recently vacated by Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price.
Summer Zervos alleges Trump publicly maligned her after she accused him of sexual assault.
Hint
They must see something their peers elsewhere don't.
Four Democratic lawmakers asked the Government Accountability Office to investigate.
The president once said he was \the best baseball player in New York.\
Ad buys in key states target Democratic senators up for re-election in 2018.
The chairman is in hot water.
Rising sea levels could erode up to 67 percent of Southern California beaches.
The president said he would stop this kind of thing from happening.
The state does not have \unfettered discretion\ in determining who counts as intellectually disabled.
I have a crazy plan to help Donald Trump and GOP lawmakers win on health care.
She appeared at the National Air and Space Museum with a female astronaut to promote women in science.
Nunes is supposed to lead a credible investigation into Trump administration contacts with Russia.
Less than a quarter of the public says the Senate should vote against the Supreme Court nominee.
\We\u2019ll fight Trump in the courts, in the streets, and at the state and local level across America to protect the health of every community.\u201d
What starts with the letter \G\ and ends with \oldman Sachs\?
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Sean Spicer demanded
When that didn't work, the House Intelligence Committee chair canceled the hearing.
Kushner, a senior adviser to Trump, met with Russian officials at least twice.
Yemen\u2019s conflict has claimed the lives of more than 10,000 people and pushed the impoverished country to the brink of famine.
Scott Pruitt said the White House will roll back Obama's signature Clean Power Plan this week.
Rep. Adam Schiff says the public can't have the \necessary confidence\ in the chairman's leadership of the House Intelligence Committee probe.
The House Intelligence Committee chairman's allegations about the Obama administration's spying operations keep getting weirder.
The new White House Office of American Innovation intends to apply business strategies to federal operations.
After his first defeat on Capitol Hill.
In one incident, Marci Wahl was found hanging from the fence by her shoelaces.
Flint residents haven't had safe drinking water since 2014.
Sanctuary cities say they're on the right side of the law, but that doesn't mean Trump won't try to punish them.
The intel committee chair\u2019s evolving tale leaves the White House press secretary trying to keep up.
There's not too much public appetite to see Republicans take another shot at repealing Obamacare.
More and more are joining the call to filibuster President Donald Trump's Supreme Court nominee.
\A weak president running a weak, ragtag administration is a prescription for trouble.\
The latest bad poll is just one data point -- but the bigger picture doesn't look too good, either.
There are too many concerns about the Supreme Court nominee to move forward with a vote, she said.
There was no confusion, but just in case.
Raucous crowd chanted
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! After last week\u2019s
With repeal off the table, the president needs to choose whether to help or hurt people.
They're probably not.
The White House plans to scrap a rule on power plant emissions, kneecapping U.S. participation in the Paris climate accord.
No, seriously.
The first thing to remember is that the Republican position on health care, from the start, was to have NO health care legislation
They loath the idea that the only way forward is out.
There are not just two sides of the political aisle on the ACA, there is a diverse range of experiences. If you want to know
It turns out that confirming Gorsuch and achieving deregulation are inextricably linked.
There are three glaring reasons to call this a \u201cfake\u201d or \u201cillegitimate\u201d Presidency.
Under Gorsuch\u2019s reasoning, a corporation is entitled to require a worker to die for a load of meat.
Over half a century ago, the American auto industry fought against seat belts. In 1970, they fought against the requirement
Doctors and patients complain that prior authorization and other insurance requirements slow access to needed medication
Amid discussion of renewed rights activism, you may ask whether we\u2019ll need to fight these fights all over again.
Failure to address the crises could result in draconian pension cuts in the future.
Did young rural voters seek an outsider candidate like Trump because they are more politically alienated?
\u201cOh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.\
But he still blamed other outlets and social media for fueling the rumors he propped up on his website.
He said the GOP health care bill failed because of a \basic lack of competence.\
Mark Meadows said Donald Trump will wind up being the MVP of health care reform effort.
Trump voters, however, aren't particularly concerned.
Six busted in \disagreement of beliefs,\ says State Parks Police captain.
Washington is \a lot more rotten than we thought it was,\ Mick Mulvaney said.
Sen. Tom Cotton said the GOP needed more than 18 days to come up with a plan. But they actually had seven years.
The news veteran criticized Hannity for drawing viewers who believe \u201cideology is more important than facts.\u201d
Some organizers are using the hashtag #JewishResistance.
Lowering the Medicare age could be a starting point.
The president just wanted to help promote Judge Jeanine, apparently.
GOP divisions played only a minor role.
The president is free to deal with others, and I hope he does.
How is it that the 37 most rightwing members of the House, the so-called Freedom Caucus, have disabled the Republican majority
Maybe he was upset because he saw his own name in the files. Whatever the chairman\u2019s motive, Adam Schiff (D-CA) the ranking
There's little enthusiasm for going back to the way things were.
The bill's authors say Americans have a \right to know\ who may be reaching out to the president at his private resort.
\u201cHow could you possibly misjudge this?\u201d
Even though Paul Ryan says  he\u2019s done with it, a party of Ahabs just can't let that Obamacare whale go.
The White House says immigrants are abusing the court system, but judges may not agree.
\The Trumps and their supporters have embraced this crazy myth that you can completely eradicate terrorism.\
The battle now moves to Nebraska, which must approve or reject a Keystone section.
Global health experts see an uptick in political will in the fight against tuberculosis.
Rep. Devin Nunes' surveillance disclosures have delivered a huge blow to the House Intelligence Committee's fragile bipartisanship.
Opponents quickly outlined plans for lawsuits, political pressure and street action.
The Freedom Caucus has a de-facto veto on legislation, for now.
Myron Ebell wants Trump to pull the U.S. out of the Paris climate pact -- and he thinks the secretary of state is standing in the way.
The House is expected to vote today.
\I\u2019m not going to describe something as a \u2018win\u2019 in which there\u2019s a chance that 24 million people lose their health insurance.\
You'll probably believe what happened next.
Americans can't decide if it's the issue he's done the worst job handling, or the best.
\It just creates a nightmare,\ says Oregon Gov. Kate Brown (D).
If at first you don't succeed, give up.
The \closer\ is finished.
\I will fight any deal that turns the clock back to a darker time.\
More sad evidence of rising hate in America.
Later, the Friday afternoon vote on the controversial measure was postponed.
Republicans promised a health care plan that would be cheaper but better than Obamacare. Turns out that\u2019s a lot harder than they figured.
\ud83d\udd25
Take note, Democrats.
Party leaders unveiled the latest changes to the bill just last night.
New \extreme vetting\ rules, a headache for many travelers, could be costly for U.S. tourism.
\We must have universal healthcare,\ he once wrote.
\u201cThe message is ... it\u2019s done tomorrow, or Obamacare stays.\u201d
\Hamilton\ quotes, pull out jokes, and \Art of the Deal\ references abound.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! If you like your
With the deal in doubt, Trump is taking his ball and going home.
With 530,000 gallons of oil believed to have leaked, it appears to be one of the biggest spills in state history.
\He's taking a lot of heat from the media,\ the House intel chair said by way of explanation.
It's a devastating setback for Republicans and their crusade against the health care law.
One congressman said people \must be ready to mobilize like never before.\u201d
The president has built his entire career on his ability to get to yes.
What a time.
Most of those arrested have serious disabilities and are scattered across the country.
TB's drug-resistant forms know no boundaries.
The chairman of the House Appropriations Committee will vote \no\ on a top GOP priority. That doesn't normally happen.
The president believes the opposition party should have given him votes to dismantle their legacy.
This post first appeared at BillMoyers.com The one question you never hear journalists ask Republicans is why? Why do so
by Ashley Balcerzak and Niv Sultan Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price has been mired in questions about his investments
Rep. Phil Covarrubias brought it up twice during a \sanctuary state\ debate.
President Trump breathed new life into the project with one of his first executive actions.
The vote was 52 to 46.
The vote was a victory for internet providers such as AT&T Inc, Comcast Corp and Verizon Communications Inc, which had strongly opposed the rules.
Conservatives have been trying to eliminate the \essential benefits\ rule for a while.
McConnell claims the bill overturns regulation that \u201cmakes the internet an uneven playing field.\
The president says he's just going with his gut.
The deadline is near, but no deal has been struck.
The Bill de Blasio administration credits its reform efforts for the population decrease at New York's notorious jail facility.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! The leader of
Always good to hear from these credibility-free frauds.
\u201cWe are trying to save him.\u201d
The bill lowers the state\u2019s blood-alcohol limit while driving to 0.05 percent.
Paul Ryan and Donald Trump, aka \the closer,\ have lost this battle.
Oh, and also shield Exxon Mobil from an investigation.
Republicans are considering changes that could doom the bill in the Senate and save face in the House.
The desire to preserve the judicial filibuster for future nominees is prompting some talk.
Sen. Pat Roberts acknowledged mammograms \are essential to women's health.\
For the House intelligence chairman, the pull of the microphones is simply too great.
Vanita Gupta has been named the next chief of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights.
\He got me so cranked up that I was about to take my tie off,\ said the former vice president.
Donald Trump discovers that in Washington, the construction company doesn't work for you.
An agency that reports to the president says Trump International Hotel is in full compliance with its lease.
He's also demanded \u201cmandatory social media checks\u201d for all applicants who have ever been in ISIS-controlled territory.
The top Democrat said his party will insist that the president's Supreme Court pick be confirmed with at least 60 votes.
The election gave his alma mater its first openly gay student body president.
The FBI confirmed that the suspect made the majority of more than 100 threats in the U.S.
Rep. Devin Nunes went rogue when he made the unsubstantiated claims this week.
\I can\u2019t be doing so badly, because I\u2019m president, and you\u2019re not.\
Senators from both parties have hardly questioned the nominee on the federal nutrition program. Advocates say that's not a good sign.
The president has proposed cutting funding for programs to restore the heavily polluted region.
It might work anyway!
Obamacare made it so all health insurance plans on the marketplace have to cover maternity care. The GOP wants to do away with that.
He's wrong.
Secretary Ryan Zinke used National Puppy Day to announce dog-friendly workplace rules.
There were 24 activists -- one for every million people projected to lose their health insurance.
Failure to pass the legislation would cast doubt on Trump\u2019s ability to deliver other parts of his agenda that need the cooperation of the Republican-controlled Congress.
Three were killed and 40 injured.
It will allow people to have concealed handguns at the University of Arkansas' football stadium -- where umbrellas aren't allowed.
by Alex Baumgart \u00a0Today, the Center for Responsive Politics is releasing new personal financial data for members of the Trump
President Donald Trump is incurious, ignorant, and ill-informed.\u00a0 He hides this with rudeness, bluster, and lies.\u00a0 As an
To cool the \u201curban heat islands\u201d that they\u2019ve become, cities are planting trees and more trees. By Mindy Fetterman Rudy Lane
[Senator Charles] Schumer said Republicans should slow down the proceedings, given that the F.B.I. has confirmed that the
The GOP senator said that Trump's unsubstantiated claim \hurts our democracy.\
\This is supposed to be a time of celebration, but I am so anxious.\u201d
Pre-construction plans for coal plants fell 48 percent last year, offering new hope for preventing irreversible climate change.
He said the U.S. would help bring those responsible to justice.
In a Senate hearing, the Supreme Court nominee said it was discouraging when \anyone\ impugns the integrity of those on the bench.
Press secretary tries to minimize Paul Manafort\u2019s role in securing Trump's GOP nomination.
The Writers Guild of America, East, will represent the outlet in bargaining.
Rep. Tom Cole says opposition is great, but Republicans also need to accomplish something beyond killing bills.
It's a sign that opposition to the bill is becoming the only acceptable conservative stance.
When you don't care about the actual policy...
Lawmakers are looking into the former national security adviser's ties to Russia and Turkey.
An increasing number of moderates are breaking with the president and party leadership over the bill.
They swear the bill will go down.
He's demanding an independent commission to run the probe.
\Facts matter, Mr. President.\
The LAPD says it's seen a dramatic 25 percent drop in rapes reported by the city's Latino population.
Liberty University president Jerry Falwell Jr. is a staunch Trump supporter.
Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee let him know all about it.
The Tillerson Doctrine
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! We\u2019re getting
Republicans are divided -- and their policies don't look like their promises.
Environmentalists are abuzz.
Judging by remarks from the president's labor nominee, things don't look good for Obama's big reforms.
Despite Trump's appeals on the Hill.
\There is evidence that is not circumstantial, and is very much worthy of investigation.\
The protests are scheduled for Thursday, the seventh anniversary of the Affordable Care Act's passage.
Economic woes are no longer the public's biggest concern.
\u201cThere were two active investigations involving presidential candidates last year, and he only told the voters about one.\
They used an arcane procedural maneuver to repeal a significant safety regulation issued by the Obama administration.
She's likely looking for a new social media manager, though.
A heavily redacted report mentions \coordinated physical attacks\ against the disputed project.
The senator wanted to know if Alexander Acosta would enforce one of Obama's major safety reforms. Acosta wouldn't say.
\u201cThe Trump agenda is like a one-lane road with this big truck called \u2018healthcare\u2019 in the lead.\u201d
The high court pick has so far avoided major pitfalls.
He couldn't let it go.
Stop the fool\u2019s errand of chasing ideology.
Conway says Trump didn't know or work with two of his former presidential campaign advisers.
He stuck to general constitutional principles.
Threats to aviation have been around for a long time, but the Trump administration's claim of fresh intelligence appears credible.
The government says the Constitution doesn't apply at the border, so Customs and Border Protection agents can search anyone's electronic devices.
Decades ago, voucher programs were used to sidestep desegregation by helping white students go to all-white academies.
The president told the House GOP there will be primaries if his repeal fails, but conservatives said they \do not have the votes.\
Cutting Medicaid and charging older people more aren't popular moves, according to a new AARP survey.
And what it means for President
Supporters say the measure  is designed to maintain the trust of immigrant communities.
Unlike his Aetna counterpart, he doesn't think there's a \death spiral\ under Obamacare.
Cuts to worker safety are a prime example. Needless injury and death can be really expensive.
Here are seven that offer insights into his legal views as he faces questioning this week.
And there's a long list of members who appear opposed to the bill.
This is exactly what progressives and liberals expect during the Supreme Court fight.
Trump wants to \honor\ farmers, but his policies could put their livelihoods at risk and their health care on the chopping block.
Checking expensive equipment and devices holding sensitive information could be a huge problem.
Andy Puzder said he had been planning to step down from fast-food giant CKE Restaurants before he lost his confirmation battle.
When you help 20 million people get health coverage, you tend to take all this personally.
The power of the presidency is illegally boosting a private business, the class-action suit claims.
The senator rallied in defense of all the \hard-working, decent\ immigrants.
Some of the groups say their events were planned years ago, but even the appearance of conflicts of interest can pose problems.
Democrats pressed Trump's Supreme Court pick on his pattern of siding with employers over workers.
The nominee said you may overrule precedents only \in very few cases.\
Will Democrats roll over?
Though members of the party have visited mosques before, the GOP now seems to distrust any engagement with Muslims.
It's always election-o-clock somewhere.
The government said the absence was because of litigation, but observers say it was highly unusual.
\I lend my voice to protect our daughters,\u201d said one woman.
White House sources are telling the media a distressing tale.
\There ought to be a delay,\ the Democratic leader said.
Several governors of the president's own party have big problems with his proposed spending plan.
\A defining moment for the Freedom Caucus.\
But she will reportedly hold no official position.
My health care needs are not the result of unhealthy choices or stupid life decisions.
At this point, do we run the entire election over?
It's consistent with their conservative values.
Sustaining expectations of shaping the future requires a suitably accommodating version of the past.
U.S. wars and conflicts across the Greater Middle East are being expanded and escalated.
Ya news, ya lose. 1. Ivanka Trump is getting her own office in the White House. Although she won\u2019t be a government employee
Disability advocates will do everything in their power to keep this bill from becoming law.
Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee focused on the problem of reporters unearthing information.
\Driving defense spending to insane heights\ is not the answer, German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said.
Sir Peter Westmacott scoffs at the president's \famous reluctance to admit mistakes.\
\The American people have a right to know\ what happened, says Schiff.
Press secretary Sean Spicer said they are only in the \first chapter\ of this investigation.
It is the first official confirmation of the investigation.
\ud83d\udd25 \ud83d\udd25 \ud83d\udd25
Weekly reports accuse cities and counties of releasing dangerous individuals, even if some are just following court orders.
And FBI Director James Comey's testimony.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Today is the Spring
How closely have you been following the news?
It sure sounds like he's calling for sex discrimination. Not a good look for a Supreme Court justice.
The Supreme Court nominee took no questions, but Democrats gave him a taste of the heat he can expect.
And most think that's a problem.
The famed physicist urges the president to boot his climate-denying Environmental Protection Agency chief.
\The department has no information that supports those tweets.\
Not since Richard Nixon's Watergate scandal has an investigative hearing made it so clear that a presidency was in serious legal peril.
Democrats were expected to try to case that Gorsuch is a pro-business, social conservative insufficiently independent of the Republican president.
It's a line for the ages.
The airlines have 96 hours to implement the change.
The office claims a prayer room available to all faiths could violate the First Amendment.
Glenn Beck criticized Lahren on his talk-radio show on Monday morning.
He's treating the actress as if she's a political opponent.
He has managed to piss off a sizable number of activists, parents and New Yorkers.
Who can forget the numerous lawsuits Pruitt has filed against the EPA. The Pruitt appointment is a perfect example of what
The Affordable Care Act, colloquially known as Obamacare, is far from perfect \u2015 but is its replacement better? The Congressional
It is entirely possible that Donald Trump\u2019s election may indeed mark a significant inflection point in American political
Under McTrumpism, the most menacing bogeyman of all is the president\u2019s predecessor in the Oval Office.
Bernie Sanders has the highest approval rating of any politician in the country with 61 percent approving, while only 32
After the president issued a budget last week slashing and burning environmental, labor and educational programs, the guy
As expected, the war on science and the environment is underway. The president\u2019s proposed budget is the starting point of
Including seniors, taxpayers, Congress and the administration
The Trump presidency has magnified and intensified the sorry nature of this state.
President Trump has put forward Neil Gorsuch to be the next U.S. Supreme Court Justice. The choice follows Senate Republicans
Their employees have been victims of oppression.
The Senate Judiciary Committee\u2019s hearings on President Trump\u2019s nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court are set to
Prepare to feel that crushing blow of daily news. 1. FBI director, James Comey, (sort of) debunked Trump\u2019s claims of wiretapping
U.S. congressional leaders are discussing options. The Conversation
Want to make the Pentagon a better, more effective place? Force it to think.
Best not to hold your breath on that one.
Hassan Aden, who spent nearly 30 years on the force, said \u201cif this can happen to me, it can happen to anyone.\u201d
Don\u2019t cheer
A federally funded cleanup effort is finally restoring the bay's ecology, bringing back oyster jobs.
The newspaper columnist who died Sunday shined a light on the powerful by talking to the powerless.
The state had been banned from hosting NCAA games for nearly 15 years because of the controversial flag.
The House's top Democrat said the FBI should clear up that there is no evidence to substantiate the president's claim that he was wiretapped by his predecessor.
Heading into Neil Gorsuch's hearing, it's unclear how they plan to land blows on Donald Trump's conservative court pick.
\The only way to have universal care, if you stop to think about it, is to force people to buy it under penalty of law.\
Rep. Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) said information provided by the Department of Justice contained no proof of Trump's unsubstantiated claim.
They say they're asking Dems for support. But Democrats say they've heard nothing.
Gorsuch is young and fit, and conceivably could duplicate Scalia\u2019s tenure on the high court.
This week, President Trump released his \u201cskinny budget\u201d proposal, calling for wide-ranging cuts in the Every Student Succeeds
Anyone who cares about the rule of law should oppose this nomination.
Mr. Sessions, we can\u2019t go backwards when it comes to the addiction crisis
(The following essay appeared originally on ACSBlog, the blog of the American Constitution Society.) Contrary to a recently
Staff is cagey about how much time president spends golfing on pricey trips to his resort.
Trump\u2019s rhetoric about health care is crashing up against reality
\And the tree was like, 'Get off me!'\
While Democrats were asleep at the switch in 2010, the Koch brothers' money quietly engineered a coup.
Today, exactly 14 years after the U.S. invasion of Iraq, the ripple effects of that fateful decision are still being felt
The New York Times recently delivered an extraordinary investigative journalism report depicting how our country\u2019s continued
The law created \u201cwinners\u201d and \u201closers.\u201d The GOP plan would too.
Online donations have also skyrocketed this week.
Trump has been unable to substantiate his claim that the Obama administration wiretapped Trump Tower.
\We came \u2015 and we became \u2015 Americans.\u201d
Sean Spicer cited a Fox News story Thursday claiming the U.K. spied on Donald Trump for Barack Obama.
It manages to turn off basically everyone, including congressional Republicans.
She has been a leading advocate for Syrian refugees. He tried to indefinitely ban them.
The offer assumes Republicans won't try to sabotage a law they seem unable to repeal.
The president revived the claim in a joint news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
It's about time.
\Things are different now,\ the suspect allegedly said to the man he attacked.
\He should,\ Sen. Joni Ernst told her constituents.
James Lankford said Democrats should back his bills because they'll keep the president's agency heads in check.
\Trump\u2019s budget makes perfect sense and will fix America, and I will tell you why,\ the headline reads.
Might be nice to hear from someone who\u2019s not a rich political celebrity for a change.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Today is St. Patrick\u2019s
The comments from Oklahoma's Tom Cole are the strongest Republican admonition of Trump's baseless allegations to date.
\u201cIt\u2019s easy to blame the referee when you don\u2019t like the result,\u201d Judge Richard Clifton of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said.
And many people hate it.
The nation's water systems are falling apart, but the president's infrastructure plan mostly ignores them.
Agents reportedly caught the intruder steps away from a main door to the president's residence.
A special election to fill a traditionally Republican House seat in Georgia has the GOP anxious.
The hiccup happened during his press conference with Angela Merkel.
Before Obamacare, women often couldn't get health care coverage if they were pregnant or may become pregnant.
Trump\u2019s head of the Department of Health and Human Services traded stocks of health-related companies while working on legislation affecting the firms.
And what Rex Tillerson said about North Korea.
Americans increasingly prefer a focus on a path to legal residency, according to a poll released Friday.
The theft on a Brooklyn, New York, street is a \very big deal.\
Barnard College\u2019s approach may be more focused, but can it be effective?
Trump has vowed to take the fight all the way to the Supreme Court.
\ud83d\ude44
It's not clear what potential evidence the department has provided ahead of the FBI's testimony.
The move could pave the way for Donald Trump to fire the head of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
What happens when neither side will give in?
\What is the White House defending here? Because it damn sure isn\u2019t national security or American credibility before the world.\
The Kansas shooting has been a \u201cwake up call\u201d for the community.
One of the delegates is the leader of a designated hate group.

The secretary told his staff he'd seek \the whole enchilada.\ Now he's happy with \our core mission.\
Once powerful City of Chicago Mayor, Richard J. Daley, once supposedly famously said
Prioritizing defense spending over social uplift marks a step toward \spiritual death\ in America.
March 16, 2017 Dear Mr. P, I love listening to BBC World News on the radio. Soothing voices deliver news reports in deadpan
After two months of Trump, there are clear winners and losers
Donald Trump released his 2018 budget blueprint this week. It was called, with typical Trumpian bombast, \u201cAmerica First
The arts provide truth. The arts provide guides through complex issues.
Yesterday, Florida Governor Rick Scott overstepped his boundaries by removing Florida 9th Judicial Circuit State Attorney
Less care for higher cost, all the while providing billions in tax breaks to the super wealthy.
Trump
The proposal cuts $9 billion from the Department of Education, but adds to a program for private school choice.
He'd been \reading about things,\ you see.
TOP STORIES (And want to get The Morning Email each weekday? Sign up here.) NOTE TO MORNING EMAIL READERS:\u00a0Lauren Weber is
Nearly half expect the new health care plan to decrease coverage and increase costs, one survey finds.
\We are going to fight this terrible ruling,\ he promised a crowd of rally-goers in Tennessee.
The Labor Department would be one of the hardest-hit agencies under the White House plan.
The White House plan adds $54 billion to the defense budget while slashing programs for the poor and the environment.
\u201cFolks, there\u2019s one bipartisan thing left in America
If the Trump administration gets its way, the Legal Services Corporation is getting the axe.
A Hawaii federal court temporarily blocked the latest travel ban.
Live in a battleground state or be ignored.
It targets the elderly and the poor.
But he called the legislation \very preliminary.\
Weakening the agency reduces U.S. influence on the direction of global affairs and Washington's ability to promote human rights.
For the second time in six weeks, hundreds of people registered their opposition to a Republican-backed immigration crackdown.
\Medicaid expansion saved my life and saved me from medical bankruptcy.\
Team Trump says the home meal-delivery program doesn't work. Studies suggest otherwise.
\u201cWe\u2019re not spending money on that anymore. We consider that to be a waste of your money,\ Trump's budget director said.
But the right-wing nationalist candidate trails both Emmanuel Macron and Fran\u00e7ois Fillon in a runoff.
The ruling put a hold on key aspects of the administration's revised travel ban.
Investigations had been pending for more than a year.
He said a 31 percent cut to the agency's budget will be \good\ for the American people.
The budget plan also cuts funding for the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC).
The president wants to cut after-school programs that low-income working parents rely on.
Sorry, Big Bird.
The House Freedom Caucus comes out \confident\ that the current legislation won't fly.
President Trump unveiled his budget today, and if you stab it with a basilisk fang, all the evil it contains will spew forth
The Democratic Party's November wounds still haven't fully healed.
Before joining Trump's campaign, Flynn was paid by three Russian entities, including the Kremlin-backed RT network.
Opponents, including some airlines, say privatization would not save money, and would drive up ticket costs and could create a national security risk.
Trump attacked Federal Reserve Board Chair Janet Yellen on the campaign trail.
Luis Mancheno says America saved his life. Now he wants to make sure it saves other people too.
The president's second attempt at a ban on refugees and certain travelers is set to go into effect Thursday.
The House members call for \u201cprudent, fact-based stewardship of our economy and our environment.\u201d
Meanwhile, a judge in Maryland agreed that anti-Muslim sentiment was behind the president's executive orders.
The president went after the central bank when it was politically expedient.
The Supreme Court nominee once ruled a leukemia survivor could be fired for avoiding a flu outbreak at work.
Mattis said that climate change is  real and threatening global stability.
Automakers can breathe a little easier, even if no one else can.
Coal producers made a big, fat, losing bet on overseas demand. Donald Trump can't do anything to change that.
But he also allowed his case to remain in federal court, which could set a precedent for other DACA recipients.
If you take the tweets literally, \then clearly the president was wrong,\ Rep. Devin Nunes said.
\u201cAs we twiddle our thumbs, CO2 just keeps going up and up.\u201d
Fewer than 1 percent of people in police custody in Cook County ever speak with an attorney.
A Native American tribe had argued that an oil-filled pipeline would violate their freedom of religion.
President Trump turned down an offer to fill out a bracket on the air with ESPN.
Senators found an array of faults, raising a challenge for Republican leaders trying to craft a cohesive message.
But the attorney general is quickly losing credibility when it comes to issues related to drug use.
Airbnb, Dropbox and Lyft are among those backing the legal challenge.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Today we learned
Donald Trump Jr.  tweeted up a storm with the hashtag, #thankyoumaddow.
Many say they still don't understand what their opponents are thinking.
\u201cWe\u2019re trying to do too much too quick as Republicans,\ he said.
Most Indian-Americans are calling on Trump to do more, but some think his response is enough.
Republicans want unemployed people to prove they're not on drugs.
More than 2 million people are caged in a sprawling system of jails, prisons and detention centers.
They worked with two others to access the content of 6,500 accounts, the Justice Department said.
TOP STORIES (And want to get The Morning Email each weekday? Sign up here.) NOTE TO MORNING EMAIL READERS:\u00a0Lauren Weber is
Maybe Donald Trump should leave the tweeting to his aides.
USDA secretary nominee Sonny Perdue's record is raising concerns, but probably won't stall his confirmation.
The president eventually will need Democratic votes. He hasn't gone looking for them yet.
The legislation won't survive a \Byrd bath,\ senators warn.
The conservative icon created the entitlement that forces hospitals to provide emergency treatment even if the patient cannot pay.
At 5 p.m. on a normal weekday, we were already past the rush hour of schools\u2019 dismissal time when my 10-year-old daughter
When Obamacare became the elephant in the room.
Trump promised to repeal Common Core. These parents don\u2019t plan to let him forget it.
Pat McCrory signed a law that discriminates against transgender people.
February is not usually a huge fundraising month. And yet ...
They're aimed at pressuring two vulnerable GOP senators, Jeff Flake and Dean Heller, to oppose Neil Gorsuch.
Donald Trump's team has echoed the congressman's apocalyptic arguments.
The pundits who wouldn't stop haranguing Barack Obama to reach across the aisle seem to have lost their voices.
They must have a lot of faith that Trump will keep miners safe.
24 million people losing coverage is not \better access.\
The bill would require people to use restrooms that correspond with the gender on their birth certificate.
As Trump says, having a high deductible is \really not having insurance at all.\
Voters who backed President Trump in last year's election are especially bleak.
\u201cThere is no three-step plan. That is just political talk.\
The president seems to be a fair-weather fan of the National Weather Service.
Nevadan Catherine Cortez Masto pointed to the vandalism of a Mexican consulate and synagogues in her state as examples.
The GOP's health care bill would likely lead to a spike in unplanned births.
It's turning into more of a \goal.\
\u201cWhat is this? You don\u2019t tell anyone to shut up. You work for us,\u201d a man in the audience replied.
Hmmm...
Sen. Steve Daines (R-Mont.) joins a growing chorus of Republicans wary of the law.
Call it a win if they manage to pass their repeal-and-replace bill in the House.
The company claims the address was used for \secure and expedited communications.\
Amnesty International and 54 other groups want Trump to rescind the policy and stop misleading people about gendered violence.
Your employer-based insurance premium could be higher if you decline.
And the White House's own internal projections were worse!
It \exceeded my expectations,\u201d he said of the Congressional Budget Office analysis.
The Iowa congressman is in hot water over racist remarks.
Press secretary Sean Spicer said the president is \extremely confident\ the Department of Justice can find evidence to back him up.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Today is International
The controversial Republican plan to eviscerate the Affordable Care Act will strip health insurance from millions of citizens
Happy Pi Day, here\u2019s some not-so-happy news. 1. US applications for New Zealand Citizenship are up 70% since Trump\u2019s election
The Entertainer In Chief has brought the ethos of television to government. If it's entertaining, what difference does it make if it is true or not?
Dear President Trump, This week you are scheduled to meet with Saudi Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman.\u00a0 As a 9/11
Why put the brakes on a good thing? Over the last decade, America\u2019s economy has grown rapidly, while its emissions have dropped
What could DeVos accomplish with the small vouchers she\u2019d likely be able to fund?
Press secretary Sean Spicer walked backed the president's unfounded accusation.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! The CBO projects
Proposal aims to show some of the restrictions women face in getting reproductive health care.
A 64-year-old who makes $26,500 could face a 700 percent jump in premiums.
And the former U.S. attorney isn't going quietly.
The Trump administration continues undermining the credibility of a nonpartisan group that finds its plan will lead to 24 million losing health insurance.
The organization said the decision to ban trips to the United States stems from a commitment to inclusivity and diversity.
The former California governor says he plans to instead focus on redistricting reform.
\These ideas have given rise to some of the worst atrocities in human history, and they must be condemned.\
The House Intelligence Committee wanted a response by Monday.
The statement is likely an attempt to tamp down conflict of interest concerns about the White House.
Ready for a challenge?
The House Intelligence Committee suggested it would use a subpoena if it didn't receive a response by March 20.
Did Rupert Murdoch call in a favor?
New travel restrictions go into effect on March 16, but not if the state and its allies can stop them.
A French company could get a monopoly on a vaccine for the virus.
Few think the president deserves blame -- or credit -- for the current jobs numbers.
The congressman came under fire this weekend for saying \we can't restore our civilization with somebody else's babies.\
The Congressional Budget Office's projection about the Republican health care bill is expected this week.
I hope I\u2019m wrong, but I\u2019m waiting for the other shoe to drop.
Last Monday the White House issued its \u2018revised\u2019 refugee ban engineered to pass constitutional muster. This affords yet another
What if my mom and I had been turned away?
He proceeds to push programs and policies that contradict many of his promises.
\u201cIn this week\u2019s \u201cSunday Review\u201d the centrist New York Times columnist, Frank Bruni, echoes his colleague Nicholas Kristof
It is based on the false premise that it is designed to protect Americans from foreign terrorists.
By Daniel Hamilton and Niklas Helwig Two different world views will be on display this week when German Chancellor Angela
We often applaud relentless surveillance on TV shows while resisting it in our real lives.
In a time when I thought President Trump\u2019s rampant xenophobia could not get any worse, I am constantly surprised.
It would be easy to listen to quotes from Iowa Representative Steve King (R) and make a lot of assumptions about the district
Preventing The Triumph Of Trump\u2019s Will Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com Dystopias have recently achieved full-spectrum dominance
A couple of weeks ago, in a Facebook post, one of my Hopi in-laws called Donald Trump a \u201ctsuku.\u201d It\u2019s a Hopi word for \u201cclown
Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com \u201cMore than 25 years ago, as I sat on the roof of our house watching the neighborhood\u2019s
The American Health Care Act is a rich person\u2019s bonanza. Under the plan proposed by House Republicans, each of the nation\u2019s
A huge lie has been perpetuated for years by both Republicans and Democrats
Obamacare, meanwhile, has rarely looked more popular.
The suspect was identified in court documents as California resident Jonathan Tran, 26.
A group of ethics watchdogs recently asked the U.S. attorney to investigate Trump.
\Do your job!\
\u201cThe only bipartisan thing left in America is the fight against cancer,\u201d Biden said.
They are gearing up for this week's CBO projection.
Another Trump adviser said people should stop focusing so much on coverage numbers.
\Do not walk the plank and vote for a bill that cannot pass the Senate and then have to face the consequences of that vote.\u201d
It has become an alarming and dangerous pattern; a pattern of provocative actions initiated by Iran against many nations
Prepare for more troop deployments and more surges, America.
President Donald Trump has pledged to swing his budgetary axe at U.S. foreign aid, with cuts and freezes in various areas
Perhaps the AHCA can improve coverage and lower costs, but the real question is
By Steven R. Rothman March 11, 2017 What kind of America would we have if we allowed Speaker Paul Ryan\u2019s Obamacare Repeal
A handful of Republicans have condemned King's remarks.
\Provide the information that the American people deserve,\ he said.
America's countryside is dying, and in a meaningful, measurable way.
But she's counting on Trump to \fix\ the proposal that's \Republican in name only.\
The court confirmed that \Texas intentionally discriminated to disenfranchise Latino and African-American voters,\ the DNC chair said.
The president's initial proposal would have been impractical and potentially illegal to implement.
It's time for the House speaker to just stop pretending he's trying to do \health care reform\ and admit what he's really up to.
Presidents who fail to carry out their agenda when their party runs all of government fare poorly. And the Obamacare repeal is not going well.
\u201cA lot of Trump\u2019s core supporters aren\u2019t going anywhere, but you start seeing demoralization among working people.\
President Donald Trump, who was at the White House when the incident occurred.
The Dakota Access Pipeline is being installed now, after Trump signed an executive order last month.
Should officers be expected to compromise some privacy for more transparency?
They want a lot. And they figure the bill won't pass without their support.
His lawyer suggested officials targeted Muhammad Ali Jr. this time for criticizing Trump policies at a forum that House Democrats organized.
Meeting with FBI Director James Comey leaves Rep. Adam Schiff as puzzled as ever by the president's accusation.
You're not going to like why their estimates vary so much.
Don't hold your breath.
Dr. Scott Gottlieb is a conservative health policy expert with deep ties to the pharmaceutical industry.
\u201cWhen done to minimize Hispanic electoral opportunity, it bears the mark of intentional discrimination.\
For well over half a century the U.S. has depended on its Intelligence Community as the first line of defense in meeting
As is becoming the new normal, a ton of things happened in Washington this week. Donald Trump kicked the week off by tweeting
The election of Le Pen in France would constitute Putin\u2019s second major victory in his cyber warfare and information operations strategy.
Six years after the Fukushima nuclear power plant triple meltdown left Japan with a $235 billion clean-up bill, President
The scandal vividly demonstrates that some believe they are above the law when it comes to the harassment of women.
Good policy can only be implemented after truthful discussion and debate.
Last year, Bharara said Trump had asked him to stay on in his position.
A new report puts a number on the windfall, which the rich will get while poor people lose coverage.
An Irish senator whose anti-Trump speech went viral will be among the speakers.
\To my surprise, the Trump masses embraced my stories as fact, almost universally.\
There is no Republican rhetorical ruse that works around it
The trolls set out to distract and divide the invigorated left.
Yet Trump claims he had no idea Flynn was working as a foreign agent during the campaign.
The former Exxon Mobil CEO \will play no role\ in deciding whether to grant a key permit to pipeline owner TransCanada.
Sean Spicer confirmed the meeting.
\We know he went from negative to positive and emerged as one of the world\u2019s most important hip hop stars.\
Not only because he's the president, but because he has \fostered a hostile environment\ towards minorities, the groups said.
The Republican health care bill goes a lot further than just repealing Obamacare.
The feds have been criticized for what some call a late response to the rash of threats since January.
A new poll finds widespread support for anti-discrimination laws.
Privatizing the $57 million program could upend entire industries and kneecap cities' efforts to cut greenhouse gas emissions.
Opponents of the Supreme Court nominee are getting serious ahead of this month's confirmation hearings.
Daniela Vargas, 22, could still be deported.
Few oppose having a waiting period before the new order goes into effect.
Despite boycotts, the Trump brand appears to be thriving.
The ACLU argued investigators were intruding on political speech.
DeVos has said she is committed to protecting all students, but these senators think her actions speak louder than her words.
\u201cIt was so perfunctory, brief and banal I had forgotten it,\ he said.
The Guvernator may be eyeing Feinstein's seat in 2018, Politico reports.
A center for the aging, a children's museum and an advocacy group were targeted within the span of days.
U.S. economy adds more than expected 235,000 jobs in February, unemployment rate at 4.7 percent.
Paul Ryan said he hopes to be finished by the April recess.
If confirmed, Gottlieb would be in charge of implementing Trump\u2019s plan to dramatically cut regulations governing food, drugs, cosmetics, dietary supplements and tobacco.
The lawmakers want answers but have few ways to get them.
He wants Obama-appointed U.S. attorneys gone, even before replacements are confirmed.
Now that Trump is president, they're singing a different tune.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Four Pinocchios
Sean Spicer claimed ignorance that the ousted national security adviser was working as a foreign agent, despite warnings.
Andy Puzder thinks he would have survived had DeVos not galvanized the left. There was plenty more to it than that.
\Disciplinary action serves to deter future misconduct,\ the Office of Government Ethics director wrote. Conway promised not to do it again.
They'll pay more and their hospitals will suffer under the GOP replacement for Obamacare, experts say. Democrats are ready to pounce.
Progressives have faced tougher challenges, the new deputy chair of the Democratic National Committee said.
\u201cCommunity advocacy played a huge role in convincing the court to re-open his case,\u201d a supporter said.
People in Florida know better than most that Americans can't afford to ignore global warming.
The GOP senator claims he's the target of a vast left-wing conspiracy. It's more like a handful of Twitter trolls complaining to whoever will listen.
The Affordable Care Act requires all plans to cover maternity services.
A giant wall and massive staff increases sound like expensive wishful thinking.
Obamacare is in a \death spiral\ because the insured are sharing the risk, explains congressman.
We want to thank abortion providers for the bravery they display in providing healthcare to Colorado women.
We have to make a commitment to stop this cycle.
Several states are debating whether corporations with foreign ties should be able to participate in the political process
In the ways we fear most, with Trump\u2019s most outrageous campaign promises, he is powerless
The revised travel order changed and replaced an original, more sweeping ban issued that caused chaos and protests at airports.
\Uh, no,\ he said.
So far, there's no sign that's happening.
The Vermont senator says the Democratic Party has shown \enormous neglect\ resulting in \an ultimate failure.\
\I would encourage Mr. Spicer if he\u2019s going to start talking about my business to give me a darn call.\
Even a lot of Republicans agree.
Trump didn't know his national security adviser was helping Turkey during the campaign, the White House says.
\Don't step in the way of Big Ag, or you'll suffer the consequences,\ says the CEO of Iowa's Des Moines Water Works.
\u201cI want you to realize that all African-American communities are not places of depression and where people are being harmed,\u201d Rep. Elijah Cummings said.
In just two days, Kathryn Allen raised about $200,000 in her campaign against the GOP congressman.
They don't know what it will actually do, but that's not stopping them.
The punishment raises \serious constitutional questions,\ the Supreme Court justice wrote.
States have introduced least 48 bills since January 2016.
Ryan said it is \the closest we will ever get to repealing and replacing Obamacare.\
Perhaps Congress ought to do something about this.
A hearing is set for March 15, a day before the new ban is to go into effect.
Kirsten, Kristen, whatever.
\u201cShe was sleeping on a hard floor with no blankets. There were roaches everywhere,\ her attorney said.
Amid real questions on whether the plan can pass.
When one parent gives you the answer you don't want...
A plurality thinks the attorney general's conduct is part of a larger Trump administration pattern with Russia.
\Today\u2019s International Women Day. It\u2019s interesting that no one is bringing that up.\
\u201cI\u2019m not that concerned about it,\ the speaker of the House said Wednesday.
The education secretary was \very respectful,\ but she didn't have much to say, according to parents.
The president's ownership of the hotel and its restaurants gives it an unfair advantage over other local businesses, the plaintiffs say.
Now Joe Maxwell is urging his party not to give up on rural America.
One of the dominant themes of President Donald Trump\u2019s campaign was his promise to \u201cdrain the swamp.\u201d Trump used this promise
Donald Trump says he inherited \u201ca mess\u201d when he became president, but many of those messes are of his own making, as shown
Street protests are back. And they come in various forms
One of the party's rising stars is stuck in one of the country's more conservative states.
It will be the former Utah governor's third ambassadorship.
Government lawyers will have a hard time arguing that the restrictions don't amount to discrimination against Muslims.
AARP announces its opposition to the bill.
Small subsidies and Medicaid cuts could jeopardize coverage, the industry's two biggest trade groups say.
A week ago, the media praised Donald Trump for being a changed man. He spent the next seven days changing back.
If confirmed, Noel Francisco becomes the official head of the U.S. Solicitor General's Office.
\When women succeed, the world succeeds,\ said House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.).
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Today is International
His nominees to run the Army and Navy backed out over ethics regulations. Now, his Air Force choice faces controversy.
The hackers are demanding money from the Pennsylvania lawmakers.
D.C. isn't falling in love with \Ryancare.\
The spy agency appears to be up on its kaomoji game.
The National Park Service said it was likely due to a power outage, though many wondered if the moment was in Women's Day solidarity.
This could be a disaster.
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The state of Hawaii said it will ask a federal court on Wednesday for an emergency halt to President
Everything is fine, party leaders insist.
It's hard to find someone willing to say something nice.
And they don't think the GOP House bill will pass.
But not many lawmakers want to talk about it.
Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly confirms he is considering the policy change to deter unauthorized immigration.
In a letter to Attorney General Jeff Sessions, they asked that all available federal resources be dedicated to resolving the threat to their communities.
The next few days and weeks could decide the fate of both the Trump presidency and the Affordable Care Act.
Immigration advocates said the administration's new ban still discriminated against Muslims.
Attitudes about gender have changed a lot in the past 80 years.
It's not.
There's no evidence of widespread voter fraud in New Hampshire.
Officials said they were focusing on contractors as the likeliest source of the leak.
Yesterday it was the hospitals. Today it's the doctors.
And as a zombie plan, it's already stumbling.
The independent analyst hasn't even weighed in yet on the GOP health care bill.
That could drive down working standards in entire industries.
Transgender Texans say the bill will institutionalize discrimination without solving any problem.
This all started because Trump can\u2019t rid himself of the stink of Russian interference.
You can read his true intent in the part that implies Islam encourages violence against women.
He didn't.
The new Democratic National Committee chair is keeping his promise to support the party\u2019s activist base.
\My son's hip surgery was $10,000 with insurance. My iPhone $20 a month.\
The plan \u201cwill tear refugee families apart,\ an expert said.
On April 27, Trump met Sergey Kislyak in Washington, D.C., before a big foreign policy speech.
Franken demanded that the attorney general come back and explain why he didn't tell the Senate the truth about Russia.
Health care is expensive. So are food, housing and transportation.
Can a factious 21-member study group save the Democratic Party?
The drinking water of 117 million people, many threatened species and industries from farming to manufacturing could be at risk.
Republicans are proposing to replace tax credits that subsidize health insurance with different tax credits that subsidize health insurance.
You still pay a penalty if you don't buy insurance under the Republican plan.
Judges can scrutinize verdicts when jurors may have let racial biases taint decisions, the court says.
The president has signed orders on immigration, regulation and the environment.
And what was behind North Korea's missile launch.
This isn't over.
\u201cIf it\u2019s America against Russia or America against any other country, I think everyone in this room knows which side I'm on.\
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! The GOP\u2019s health
Trump is \throwing a lot of marbles for us to walk around,\u201d said one frustrated researcher.
Art of the Deal, amirite?
\He is simply a private citizen whose opinion the president respects,\ the White House says.
And even Ryan Zinke's supporters plan to keep a watchful eye.
The GOP lawmaker came under fire for killing a bill that would have made it easier for abuse victims to divorce.
He wants to blow something up \to distract from other things,\ says Joe Scarborough.
The Senate leader insisted there would be plenty of time to look at all that.
\u201cI think the president\u2019s tweet speaks for itself,\ the vice president said.
An estimated 1 in 3 adolescents have experienced abuse, but few are educated about it.
They vacated an Obama executive order that would have punished federal contractors that rip off or endanger employees.
It actually happened!
Compare and contrast.
It would likely take insurance from millions, but conservatives are already protesting.
Views of the president are negative in some of the nation's most closely contested regions.
There is no presidential President Trump. We have to stop hoping.
Assume for a moment, as many have suggested, that the whole Trump/Putin/Russia calamity is a deliberate distraction, a deflection
President Donald Trump addressed a joint session of the United States Congress on Feb. 28. There, among many other campaign
You made this personal, so let me offer you a personal response.
It's just taking away people's options.
The White House says the order \will keep the nation safe.\
The president's team has only nice things to say about Egypt, Jordan and the UAE.
31 days.
Christians, Muslims, Jews and Sikhs agree
The justices were originally scheduled to hear the case later this month.
Education policy is not immune to fake news.
The Supreme Court justice's skepticism of civil asset forfeiture may signal the court would be receptive to a review.
The new order leaves out many of the most forceful points from the original one. But tens of thousands will still be affected.
Cedric Richmond said he's sorry for comments that may have \hurt or demeaned.\
\u201cIt\u2019s an attempt to help people go from being individuals to being part of a movement.\
Ready for a challenge?
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Senior White House
Though the speech garnered an overall positive response from those who tuned in.
Most Americans are also disturbed by the allegations linking Russia to the Trump campaign.
A family of refugees from Afghanistan detained by immigration officials at Los Angeles International Airport last week even
We're likely never getting evidence of Donald Trump's wiretapping claim.
The copied lines appeared Monday in an unusual congratulatory statement from Trump to the energy corporation.
James Clapper also denied Trump's claims.
Introducing yet another potential conflict of interest.
Rob Quist is an award-winning bluegrass and folk singer with a big following in Big Sky Country.
Republicans had hoped Mick Mulvaney would help Trump reconsider his unorthodox position on retirement programs.
One thing is already clear enough
My son's public school was desecrated by swastikas.
Legal or not, it is terrible policy. It makes us less safe.
The United States has a military that, by any normal measure, is unmatched on planet Earth.
Why would the world\u2019s richest casino owner spend so much on a state attorney general race?
We\u2019re wire tapping the news directly into your feeds. 1. James Comey has asked the Department of Justice to refute President
Emotion and peer influence play much bigger roles in influencing behavior than previously understood.
President Donald Trump\u2019s first executive order on immigration, issued on January 27, 2017, quickly escalated the United States
Trump has \information\ suggesting there is a \very real potential\ of wiretapping, Sarah Sanders said.
The father, mother and three small children were granted Special Immigrant Visas because family members risked their lives to defend the U.S. government overseas.
\u201cI feel that every American that voted for Trump has been deceived.\
Obama is still in the White House with SCISSORS, King quips.
Really.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer called on Congress to investigate the allegation.
It sure wouldn't feel like one to the millions who would lose insurance.
James Clapper also said he knew of no evidence that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia.
Revelation \violated her privacy and our security,\ tweets vice president.
I will try to explain why what you did last week was wrong.
The irony is there was no need for Sessions to conceal meeting with the Russian ambassador.
Trump\u2019s Address to the joint session of Congress was by most accounts a success. Like all impactful speeches, Trump held
In an earlier post, we alluded to a major tactic that may have been critical in explaining why and how Donald Trump won the
In the old Soviet Union, the very mention of the name Israel was tantamount to blasphemy of the highest order. Not any more
Sun Tzu writes that a battle is best won without fighting at all.
No president can order a wiretap on his own.
Waiting for America\u2019s new health care plan is every bit as suspenseful as an \Apprentice\ pre-commercial break cliffhanger.
Real scandals, as opposed to fake ones, follow a pattern.
Alaska conservation is at greater risk today than at any time in state history.
How can we say \u201ctrust us\u201d when we cannot trust ourselves to call out a liar here at home?
This is \simply false.\u201d
Donald Trump is ushering in the Golden Age of Lying. When we were little, \u201cit wasn\u2019t me\u201d was a good lie. Even as kids, we
He said the president's allegation was false.
Originally posted on\u00a0investigating trump.com March 4th, 2017. After green lighting the continuation of the controversial
The claim that he had an indirect back channel to Assange is one that Mr. Stone has waffled on.
From the start, Obama was Trump\u2019s political meal ticket.
The former adviser to Trump's campaign previously claimed he had \back-channel communication\ with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange.
We hear by hearby herbie declare the rallies a success.
Former MI6 operative Christopher Steele likely won't travel to U.S. because of security concerns.
But he offered no evidence to back up the claims.
It's time to come clean about everything, says Maine Sen. Angus King.
Oklahoma state Rep. John Bennett gave Muslim high school students who wanted to meet with him an Islamophobic questionnaire first.
Contaminated drinking water adds to the woes of a city already dealing with toxic soil from a Superfund site.
\Don't bulls**t me!\ he told the CNN pundit.
One climate protection program would have its budget cut by 70%.
Delaware's Stephanie Hansen had a unique look at how the party's mood was changing.
President Trump has consistently emphasized school choice plans that give children the option to attend private schools.
In worst possible timing, president's misspellings of \hereby\ sandwich his message about fixing American education.
The Free Syrian Army is hopeful for more support despite the president's praise of Bashar Assad.
\u201cIt\u2019s an all-out attack on environmental protection,\u201d Gina McCarthy said.
Evidence disproving it, however, keeps rolling in.
After his big night, all Trump thought he was going to have to do was sit back and let the good press roll in.
He simply echoes Trump's pledge that police must be defended, protected and insulated from any pesky abuse lawsuits at all costs.
The malignant narcissist will repeatedly lie and rewrite narratives to protect his vulnerable self
It was clear from the outset that Keith wouldn't have an easy go of it.
The Trump cabinet is wildly imbalanced towards the interests of polluting industries.
Nor do we need you to flaunt your privilege.
Ways of life long relied upon are being overturned.
And his baseless claim of Obama wiretapping only proves it.
I first met John Dean in 2004, when Dick Cheney and John Edwards debated at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland
If Obama got a warrant to eavesdrop, then Trump probably did something wrong, the South Carolina senator noted.
\To me, Kim is just a normal guy,\ he told an alternative diplomacy panel at the military academy.
\u201cShame on President Trump for even considering this.\u201d
The list is long.
There's been a \surge in enforcement,\ lawmakers say, but federal authorities won't explain.
\Certainly never thought I\u2019d write that.\
The model minority stereotype renders Indians abroad to be complacent.
\The Camp of the Saints\ tells a grotesque tale about a migrant invasion to destroy Western civilization.
Lead poisoning from ammunition and tackle kills up to 20 million birds and animals a year, environmentalists say.
\u201cMy mummy says you hate foreigners.\u201d
\Dieselgate\ was already expected to end 60 lives early in the U.S. alone.
\u201cI look at this, and you know what I think? I think the Muslim ban is dead,\ Rachel Maddow said of an internal DHS report.
Irvin Gonz\u00e1lez was fleeing her ex-boyfriend, who she says beat and strangled her, when she was detained by immigration agents.
Children would be put into protective custody while their parents were held.
He's missing the point of the controversy.
Why didn't the attorney general come clean before he was caught, and what did he talk about with the Russians?
Despite ominous comments from Trump administration officials, the DOJ says it's not shifting policy right now.
Trump has already \misreported millions of dollars in contributions\ for the 2020 race, the complaint alleges.
Tom Perriello hopes the #Resistance can put him in the Virginia governor's mansion.
Democratic and Republican senators say \any faith-based targeting is unacceptable.\
The first round of surveys on Tuesday's speech find reactions were largely positive.
The pathologies of the pundit class ride again!
What this means for investigations moving forward.
In their suit in May, the states said the Obama administration overstepped its authority by ordering public schools to let transgender students use bathrooms matching their gender identity.
Overall, statistics show a 55 percent rise in hate crimes in New York City since 2016.
Human rights groups criticized the way the report was rolled out.
\u201cMiami is not, and has never been, a sanctuary city. But America is, and has always been, a sanctuary country.\
Some emails contained information deemed too sensitive to release to the public.
Government employees are concerned phone calls and emails are being monitored.
Because the House speaker wasn't giving them any actual face time.
They were the ones calling for repeal the loudest. Now they might be the ones to blow it up.
This is the disturbing case of Ricardo Salas, a man facing life in prison over a murder conviction that, in part, was built on the back of a mentally ill informant.
It wasn't just one person. Or two. There's a growing list of people who had such communications.
The FBI is searching for more suspects in the dozens of calls to Jewish institutions around the nation.
About 520 new judges are needed to fill a backlog, to say nothing of new cases created by stricter deportation guidances.
New York City is taking more steps to protect its LGBTQ students.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions can no longer protect the president from investigations involving Russia.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Mike Pence used
Most say they don't know anyone who holds anti-Semitic views.
\u201cI may have met Kislyak, possibly; it might have been in Cleveland.\u201d
\The American people believe no one is above the law.\u201d
Pressure grows for Attorney General Jeff Sessions to recuse himself from investigations into the scandal.
Not releasing a new executive order undercuts the president's claim that he wants to protect national security, lawyers say.
The private talk came as Trump fawned over Putin and just after Obama gave the Russian leader his \death stare\ over hacking.
She tweeted about speaking to the Russian ambassador on two occasions.
He also spoke about the importance of the free press.
\Sessions is not fit to serve as the top law enforcement officer of our country.\
Can Democrats turn that energy into a victory in this GOP-leaning seat?
Women lose out when they're not included, and we're reminded of it every day.
A Republican lawmaker said a bill allowing domestic violence as a legal reason for divorce would open \the floodgates.\
The Attorney General is accused of lying to Congress about conversations with the Russia ambassador.
\He represented all Americans with decency, integrity, and an unshakeable commitment to the greater good.\u201d
The state's Supreme Court says the public has a right to access all communications about government business.
The retired neurosurgeon becomes the sole African-American member of Trump\u2019s cabinet.
Less than a month into his job, the attorney general has made big changes to the Justice Department.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Remember that
The proposed cuts would be \devastating for the agency\u2019s ability to protect public health,\u201d Gina McCarthy told MSNBC.
A proposal so terrific, hardly anyone is allowed to see it.
Four Trump Cabinet members have been accused of withholding information -- or worse.
The 23-page 2018 budget proposal would cut deeply into programs like climate protection, environmental justice and enforcement.
\All in all, it was just a really strange experience. I had not seen blatant and blunt racism like that.\
\Crazy,\ Paul said of the secrecy.
But so far, he refuses to recuse himself from investigations into Russia's role in the 2016 elections.
Those suggesting the attorney general lied during his confirmation hearing should be \ashamed,\ the White House spokesman said.
Some questions are complicated. This one isn't.
\It would be better for the country if he\u2019d resign.\
Miguel Estrada said he'd \never accept a job that requires Senate confirmation.\
The result of increasingly frequent \u201cnuisance\u201d flooding could be even more destructive than disasters like Katrina and Sandy.
It looks like it's casual Thursday at Interior Department HQ.
Nancy Pelosi has called for Sessions to resign.
If I mention the Oscars, will people read this long story on tax policy run amok? Let's find out.
Sara Beltran-Hernandez has been in immigrant detention for over a year.
Before last week's shooting in Olathe, there were three murders at a Jewish center and a death at a mosque.
The president of the United States loves Muslims. We know this because he said so\u2014\u201cI love the Muslims. I think they\u2019re great
President Donald Trump's first speech to Congress and to the American public was not a disaster of epic proportions. Normally
Yet the president and his team have claimed that the executive order is an urgent matter of national security and public safety.
Who's calling in the threats and are they credible? What's being done?
\u201cShe\u2019s in no shape to flee. No one has ever said she\u2019s been a danger.\u201d
Conrad Hafen admitted to violating state judicial code in four separate cases.
Officials say Conway \u201cmade the statement in question in a light, off-hand manner.\
But the justices stopped short of declaring that the districts violated the Constitution.
It's a big break from GOP orthodoxy, but the details aren't that encouraging.
The National Park Service now expects the trees to look their best between March 19 and 22.
The technology could ensure officers have fewer opportunities to make mistakes \u2015 and fewer excuses to violate policy.
Mostly, the president delivered a mixed message portraying immigrants as criminals.
The recent wave of bomb threats against Jewish facilities prompted evacuations in at least 16 states.
Targets of the president's rhetoric and policy have shown up in person.
The president called for an end to \trivial fights\ on Tuesday.
\u201cThis effort will be guided by two core principles
The Trump administration wants to give the state more time to tweak a law that courts have found discriminates against Latino and black voters.
The Senate Minority Leader is meeting with Perez, Rep. Keith Ellison and Sen. Bernie Sanders on Thursday.
Even in California's bountiful Central Valley, prices can put healthy fruit and vegetables out of reach.
Joe Manchin voted against Wilbur Ross, even though a famously liberal member helped confirm him.
\The time for trivial fights is behind us,\ the president declared in his first address to Congress, to audible laughs.
Sometimes, the real world has a startlingly different view of things.
The party chose not to put forward one of its rising stars in its rebuttal to Donald Trump.
\The fight must go on towards eradicating hatred.\
GOP lawmakers might soon realize that the president has boxed them in with impossible promises.
Ryan Owens' father has demanded an investigation of the fatal Yemen raid.
One of Trump's biggest campaign promises has hit a financial roadblock.
But the Virginia school board would be fine if it took a little longer.
The Notorious RBG can do what she wants.
The deconstruction of the administrative state is underway. But expect Senate Republicans to push back.
Is there something happening here?
Hundreds showed up in the rain ahead of the president's speech to Congress.
And the president could hand Democrats the Senate in 2018, the Senate Minority Leader said.
Congressional Republicans looking to President Donald Trump to take the reins must be let down.
Trump vowed to both \u201cpromote clean air and clear water\ and kill environmental regulations.
This time, they've gone after a rule about recording workplace injuries.
The president is saying one thing while doing another.
GOP plans would shift federal dollars from those who need it most.
Director Asghar Farhadi boycotted the ceremony over the president's travel ban.
Under a sweeping North Carolina law, a man was convicted after declaring \God is good\ on Facebook.
\ud83d\ude02
House Republicans shot down a Democrat-led effort to release the returns.
\People need to know we are not about limiting people\u2019s rights,\u201d Arizona House Speaker J.D. Mesnard said.
\I live my life seeing only character and I stand by that.\
Her statement on the issue is offensive and inaccurate, scholars say.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Freakishly warm
Eat The Press presents a Thirty Second Thinkpiece
Billionaire investor Wilbur Ross is the new commerce secretary.
Democrats have grown more fearful since last fall, while Republicans' worries have eased.
It's Gen. H.R. McMaster vs. Stephen Miller over \radical Islamic terrorism.\ Who ya got?
It is \the worst speech of any possible speech you can write in the White House.\
Rep. Eliot Engel said that for the first time in 29 years, he will not shake the president's hand at a joint session of Congress.
Authorities are investigating the incident as a hate crime.
Anthony Scaramucci suggests Democrats stirred up violence at Trump rallies, too.
Which the president will present in his address to the joint session of Congress tonight.
\I wonder how history will judge us today.\u201d
The idea that the feds may go after state pot laws is \totally counter\ to what the president told us, says Oregon Gov. Kate Brown.
Choosing Steve Beshear to reply to Trump's first congressional address is a sign Democrats think they can win the Obamacare battle.
Why won't the president LEAD?!
\I think he is behind it. I also think it's politics.\
Favorability ratings for the parties are on the move, and the Republican Party is benefiting.
One of the critical goals of the Affordable Care Act (ACA) was to get more people to purchase health insurance. The premise
The road ahead to the 2018 midterm requires swift, decisive action.
As a rule, misinformed people do not change their minds.
The definition of insanity is to continually repeat the same mistakes, believing they\u2019ll lead to a different outcome.
Once again an American commander calls for yet more U.S. troops.
Meanwhile, in California...
All the news that\u2019s fit to upload and even some that\u2019s probably not. 1. Trump wants to hire 5,000 more border control guards
We must not forget the real and present disparities still present in our society that prevent us from reaching true equality.
You rally your folks and we\u2019ll rally ours.
President Donald Trump reportedly wants to reduce the agency's funding by 24 percent.
Press Secretary Sean Spicer insisted that Russia's meddling in elections \has been investigated up and down.\
Rep. Devin Nunes is the guy we're supposed to trust with an investigation.
And 2,000 of them came from the seven targeted countries.
Adam Purinton reportedly told a bartender he'd shot two Iranians. The men were Indian.
This is the fifth wave of threats the community centers have received since the start of the new year.
\u201cThis budget will be a public safety and national security budget.\
\u201cIf you want to kill birds, fossil fuels are terrific,\ the Science Guy told Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.).
The manager said this year was the first they had a problem with activists at the conservative gathering.
The 43rd president spoke out about the need for a free press, but later said he didn\u2019t mean to criticize his successor.
\u201cWe must stand together against these acts of racism, anti-Semitism, and Islamophobia,\u201d activist said.
Trump is not scheduled to appear at any of this week\u2019s rallies.
Ready for a challenge?
Andy Puzder bowed out of his nomination amid a swirl of controversies.
In an unusual move, one of Trump's top civil rights officials will appear before a federal judge instead of a career lawyer.
Tom Perez recently defeated the congressman to be the new head of the Democratic National Committee.
And inside that massive flub over Best Picture.
The president has promised \u201cone of the greatest military buildups in American history.\u201d
It is the second time a Trump nominee to lead one of the armed services bowed out because of government conflict-of-interest rules.
In Trump's America, undocumented victims may feel they face a difficult choice
But perhaps sometimes it's not all about Trump.
Darren Woods, who took over the oil giant after Tillerson became secretary of state, isn't likely to rock the boat.
Being cut out of the loop on Russia could be a good thing for the nation's second-in-command.
An army of volunteers, many from out of state, flooded the state Senate district for Stephanie Hansen.
\We cannot work with those we cannot trust,\ the police chief said.
A watchdog group has already sued Trump over payments to his businesses from foreign governments.
\u201cWe are very focused on other aspects.\
You know, because, like, he campaigned for Trump.
You know, because a lot of people will probably lose their coverage.
\u201cWe need a total transformation.\u201d
\u201cI was like, \u2018Srini, will we be safe in this country? I\u2019m so worried,'\u201d Sunayana Dumala said.
DNC members poked Berniecrats in the eye. Do they care?
And he wants Republicans to work with Democrats. What an idea!
Pennsylvania Senator Pat Toomey\u2019s office was one that was bombarded with phone calls, faxes, texts, tweets, emails, and messages
What if we all just agreed to be afraid of the bad guys?
Here's a quick primer for everyone on freedom of the press, as it relates to the White House Press Corps, because it seems
House Republicans are hoping to dismantle the Affordable Care Act by punishing those who benefit from it.
The Affordable Care Act (\u201cACA\u201d or \u201cObamacare\u201d) was the conservative health care plan, fulfilling all major conservative principles.
From the same folks who brought you Tim Kaine for VP, presents
Video by Portland Press Herald Nobody voted to destroy Medicare or Medicaid. Candidate Donald Trump contrasted himself with
I was hoping that Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minnesota) would win the Democratic National Committee chairmanship because of his
Kellyanne Conway, President Trump\u2019s Counselor, is an impressive woman. Before she was in the Trump government, and even before
While fresh eyes may see new potential paths, the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is not a business deal.
I complain often enough on social media about Congress, especially regarding their treatment of the military. But complaining
You are not making America great again. You are destroying its moral fabric.
Students should be suspicious of easy answers and committed to tough questions.
Rep. Jason Chaffetz just \kicked a hornet's nest,\ one conservationist said.
Odds are that his address won\u2019t do what these addresses are supposed to do.
Unless he's got something stashed in the freezer, the congressman won't be repeating his pitch this year.
\u201cDon\u2019t hide behind my son\u2019s death.\u201d
The president and his aides succeeded in reaching the mark in just 36 days.
Officials suddenly discover unspecified \derogatory information.\
The League of Conservation Voters' annual scorecard showed a 2016 Congress deeply divided on environmental issues.
\u201cI think people across this county look at the EPA much as they look at the IRS.\
\u201cIt\u2019s going to start soon.\
Voting members say they care about expertise, not ideology or faction.
\u201cCongressman, we expect you to put your country before your party.\
He did not endorse another candidate.
\We need more access to you directly,\ one constituent told the Democratic senator.
The president \u201cclearly needs to get a briefing on the capacity of U.S. nuclear forces.\u201d
Voting for a new DNC leader now moves to a second round.
\She is behaving in a way that brings shame upon the legal profession,\ states letter.
\You cannot have somebody who was on the campaign and who is an appointee,\ the GOP congressman says.
The former labor secretary was backed by top Obama administration figures.
Saudis have taken their future in their own hands and are making change their way.
So much for making America great again.
This is not a drill, people.
The Trump administration, as have all Republican administrations, is promoting tax cuts for the rich, saying they will \u201ccreate
Donald Trump entered office with the lowest approval ratings for a president-elect in history, and they\u2019ve only gone farther
\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25
The measure would have reinstated a policy put in place by Barack Obama.
By Brad Kayton and Richie Hecker In the three months leading up the November election last year there were more engagement
\u201cIt is [the president's] duty to repudiate bias.\
The president continues to stoke his feud with the media.
\It's fun to have a joke sometimes in a very serious situation,\ says trickster Jason Charter.
He is solely concerned with being the best and the biggest even when shown conflicting evidence.
The Punisher is a comic book character -- and a vengeful murderer.
The decision blocks a U.S. citizen from starting his assignment with the human rights organization in Israel and the Palestinian territories.
\u201cSara should never have been detained this long to begin with, let alone locked up while suffering a serious medical emergency.\
In an open letter, over 80 groups say it could cause the \effective shut-down\ of American Muslim civil rights organizations.
Europeans are \rejecting the idea of being governed by a bunch of unelected old men in Brussels,\ he said.
So they've invited immigrants and Muslims to attend the president's address to Congress next week.
Freedom isn't free.
Sunday's outing at Trump's club in Florida \was, quite simply, a round of golf.\
Contributions pour in for Kati McFarland, who told the GOP senator \I will die\ without Obamacare.
The White House says its rollback of access protections for students is a matter of states' rights, but the move is already affecting the lives of children.
The internal document was prepared after a federal judge blocked Trump's executive order.
Kids learn to read, swim, draw and do cartwheels at these facilities.
\There's literally nowhere else to go for family planning,\ said one of his constituents.
New polls show support for the law rising, mostly among independents.
\u201cThis bill could be death of our effort to make Montana a reliably Republican state,\ he said.
Jason  Rapert said he introduced the legislation after several Arkansans said they were uncomfortable with the Clinton name.
More uninsured people, more exposure to medical costs -- and a new tax on employer insurance.
What was disguised as a gang bust actually resulted in people being detained due to their immigration status.
cc
Lawmakers say they're targeting \paid protesters.\
It's the third time a mosque in the Tampa, Florida, area has been hit with fire in less than a year.
The president's Friday outburst is only the latest in a flurry of assaults against U.S. intelligence.
Trump blasted Chicago's crime rate, but the city's police department says requests for federal assistance have gone unanswered.
White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus reportedly called FBI Director James Comey.
A photographer recorded powerful scenes from the last confrontation at Oceti Sakowin camp.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Donald Trump, a
The Oklahoma Supreme Court will decide next Tuesday whether the state attorney general's office should comply with a county judge's order.
That's gotta Bern.
That's a novel argument.
The bill would effectively ban late-term abortions under the guise of protecting women's health.
They sell \Fox News & Chill\ socks.
There have been more than 4,400 spills in North Dakota alone.
She previously called Planned Parenthood an \exceptional organization.\
Following the news that White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer indicated the administration\u2019s willingness to prosecute federal
\We can't vote, but we can have an impact.\
Administration leaders scrambled after the president declared his immigration enforcement effort a \military operation.\
Trump pledged to respect states' rights on marijuana during his campaign. This may signal a reversal on that promise.
Between the election and Inauguration day, NYC spent about $24 million providing security at the president's Manhattan home.
The packed meeting was raucous from start to finish.
Democrats say they were denied access to a speech by Sen. Rob Portman (R-Ohio).
The justices ruled 8-0.
The president intervened to save some, but not all, of the Indianapolis factory jobs going to Mexico this year.
For-profit prisons were found to be more dangerous, but the attorney general said they're needed to \meet the future needs of the federal correctional system.\u201d
America's water infrastructure is crumbling, and there's little political will to do much about it.
Those who voted for him last year think he's gotten a lot done. Others are less sure.
Organizers called the 'alt-right' leader \repugnant.\
\u201cEvery day there is going to be a fight.\u201d
\I was shot on a Saturday morning,\ former Rep. Gabby Giffords said. \By Monday morning, my offices were open to the public.\
The Black Lives Matter activist is being hailed as a hero on Twitter.
Authorities say they arrested 46 people during their second day raiding Oceti Sakowin.
The billionaire Tesla CEO, an adviser to President Donald Trump, firmly opposes his workers' efforts to unionize.
\u201cIf that happens, as much as the left is crazy now, they will go full Armageddon meltdown,\u201d he said.
\Do your job!\ they chanted.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos initially opposed the move.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Steve Bannon appeared
The decision voided anti-discrimination protections passed in 2015.
\I don\u2019t think it\u2019s a burden to reach into one\u2019s wallet or one\u2019s purse and pull out a photo ID.\
It is coming down to the wire.
The digital ad is part of a campaign to pressure Republicans into supporting an independent investigation.
Many see the race as a proxy battle between the Democratic Party establishment and the Bernie Sanders wing.
Federal and state laws still protect trans students from discrimination. The president can't rescind those.
Toby Smith for president.
GOP alternatives would likely leave some Trump supporters even more unhappy with their health insurance.
Jackie's sister, Juliet, is a transgender teenager who is suing her school over bathroom access.
The Women's March is \reason to hope that that we will see a better day,\ she said.
Rep. Leonard Lance (R-N.J.) decided to engage with voters in his district, and ended up getting an earful about President Donald Trump.
DeVos emphasized that she is in line with the Trump administration's stance, though media reports say otherwise.
The future is bleak for our two-party system, for the DP and for the state of American democracy.
Mr. President, we are at war and you better get your house in order fast.
Donald Trump inhabits a universe constructed of carefully arranged alt-facts. Much the same can be said of the 'New York Times' columnist.
A steady diet of praise kept tantrums at bay.
Park rangers removed the sign within an hour, but its image went viral.
\You\u2019re still going to have the same basic policy outcome for the country.\
Sen. Susan Collins said the Intelligence Committee would seek the president's withheld tax returns if it is necessary to find any Russian connections.
They're putting congressmen's faces on milk cartons and billboards.
And talked about \Islamic terror\ instead. Maybe because the White House has deep ties to some of those hate groups.
A few protesters who refused to leave remained at the site Thursday.
The state's licensing requirement had been in place for nearly a century.
Some Republican lawmakers are skipping constituent events altogether to avoid grilling over Trump's agenda.
The Simon Wiesenthal Center urged Attorney General Jeff Sessions to make this a bigger priority.
They're not just threats -- they're callouts to other bigots.
A defeat in Saturday's election would \keep the DNC what it is
An appeals court upheld a Maryland ban on a wide range of popular semiautomatic weapons.
Maybe he means the freedom to go bankrupt and ration your own health care.
Studies have found police conduct overly aggressive stop-and-frisk patrols in largely black and Latino neighborhoods.
It's 2009 all over again.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Astronomers have
Jewish institutions around the country have seen an increase in anti-Semitic incidents in the last few weeks.
They want to dump the Affordable Care Act while keeping much of it.
Gov. Tom Wolf said elected officials should work to restore voters' faith in government.
Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.) and former Labor Secretary Tom Perez are the current favorites to win.
The first daughter and granddaughter were there when justices issued an important ruling dealing with race discrimination in the criminal justice system.
Meanwhile, he plans to waste $20 billion on a useless wall.
His first speech at the conservative conference was a sign of things to come.
The probe's success lies almost entirely with a company that has messed up big-time.
It's 2009 all over again, just a different party in the hot seat.
\Rich people, it turns out, like clean air and clean water,\u201d he said.
The campaign has raised more than $120,000 to help restore the sacred space.
Smdh.
Scott Pruitt appears as an unabashed crusader against the Obama administration's so-called \war on carbon.\
The middle class that bolstered his campaign can expect a very unpleasant surprise.
I want you to have a face for those you have represented and now are charged to protect.
Could it be that the GOP's desire to do tax reform outweighs concerns about a Muslim ban or threats to the judiciary?
\Welcoming refugees is not a political issue. It\u2019s about people.\
Civil liability is the only avenue left for parents of a Mexican teenager shot to death by a U.S. Border Patrol agent.
A closer look at polling methods helps explain.
He also brought a bottle of Tums for Sen. Chuck Grassley.
Robert Lorenzo Hester, 25, of Missouri, wanted \global jihad,\ authorities alleged.
Edward Price said the \n\final straw\ was Trump's decision to add Steve Bannon to the National Security Council.
\The president has maintained for a long time that this is a states\u2019 rights issue and not one for the federal government.\
There's been an increase in anti-Semitic incidents in recent weeks.
It's not clear what happens next.
Governing requires unglamorous work. Trump has no patience for it.
The conservative gadfly hinted he has the goods on CNN. But his stings have flopped before.
The legislation would \impede the goal of making Virginia the best place to live, work, and run a business.\u201d
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! \u00a0 Donald Trump
Another slight endured at the annual conservative gathering.
$4 million in federal funding is at stake for the reproductive health organization.
The new EPA administrator made his name suing the agency 13 times and fighting on behalf of oil and gas companies.
Many Americans are similarly hostile toward their political rivals.
\It\u2019s even more critical for us to work together to rebuild what haters try to destroy.\u201d
Eleven Jewish community centers received threats.
Sen. Joni Ernst (R-Iowa) got a taste of voters' outrage over the GOP's promise to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
It's time to make \Celebrity Apprentice\ great again.
Luis Chiliquinga and his colleagues convinced Obama to sign executive orders improving their pay and working conditions. But these days Trump holds the pen.
\The President\u2019s sudden acknowledgement is a Band-Aid on the cancer of Antisemitism that has infected his own Administration.\
Where does the world want Jews \u2013 or any of us \u2013 today? Not even in a final resting place.
The revolution is already happening.
Donald Trump has unquestionably had a rocky start. But he certainly hasn\u2019t faced the worst rocky start of any president in history.
Trump is trying to grab power the same way he was elected, via a campaign of fear.
If you don't believe state legislatures matter, consider this.
One of the major problems facing workers today is the inability to save for retirement.
Sadly, a little more than a month after his inauguration, he seems to be well beyond the Nixon paranoia.
Despite Trump\u2019s fantasies about his White House running like a \u201cfine-tuned machine,\u201d the reality is that he still has ten Cabinet spots open.
Netanyahu has found in Trump a co-conspirator.
Trump is our best recruitment agent.
\This isn't about free speech. This is about basic decency.\
The information will be used for vetting purposes, the screening notice states.
\u201dIt was supposed to be about crime in high risk areas... There wasn\u2019t any focus on migration or immigration.\u201d
\I fully support the president\u2019s decision to ask for his resignation.\
\u201cI think all of us here in this room, all of us in America have generally paid for our gas and oil all along and I\u2019m sure that we will continue to do so in the future.\
The president continues to ignore the issue.
Even Democrats praised the appointment.
Also, the president has repeatedly been accused of cheating at the game.
And they rocked some seriously nerdy protest signs.
People around the country spent the holiday speaking out against the president's agenda.
Former Rep. Tony Coelho (D-Calif.) is a voting member of the Democratic National Committee.
Americans' opinions of the president probably aren't swinging around as wildly as the polling numbers are.
The falsehood-prone president now faces the problem of selling Americans on something important.
In the complicated field of American foreign policy, one of the signal successes of the Obama Administration was the work
ISIS isn\u2019t threatening to take away your healthcare.
Isn\u2019t it time that you speak up, loud and clear?
Conservative administrations from Nixon to G W Bush have encouraged us to normalize hate. They brought us the Southern Strategy
You used the feeling of being raped as a description of how a Trump Presidency made you feel. I don\u2019t know if you have ever been raped, but I was.
By reducing immigration levels, the government is cutting off its nose to spite its face.
On President's Day, a look at how America's selection of presidents is more predictable than we may believe.
A pilgrimage to the Sunshine State of Florida is one that is undertaken by millions of Americans each year to escape the
Quo usque tandem abutere, Catalina, patentia nostra? (How long, Cataline, will you abuse our patience)\u2014Cicero It is very
The president doth protest too much.
By Hannah Karpman, Phd., Joshua L. Miller, Phd., and Crystal M. Hayes, MSW Republicans across the ticket built their campaigns
We need to stop treating the words \Russia\ and \Putin\ as symbols of evil.
The president's deference to Russian energy interests is a disturbing signal of weakness before the Putin regime.
One month into the Trump administration, and it\u2019s clear that there has been a wholesale corporate takeover of the government
It is clearly Donald Trump\u2019s intent to degrade and debase the American news media in the eyes of the public.
Hopefully you\u2019re used to this by now as it doesn\u2019t look like today will be any better than last week. 1. During a rally in
For those of you who feel like you are caught in a Trump avalanche, know that you are. You want desperately to get out, but
So far, the Trump transition has been ineptly problematic.
The recording from a Trump golf club has more showbiz than substance.
\u201cNobody cares about us.\u201d
One document suggests anyone in the U.S. illegally is to be considered subject to deportation.
That's a less definitive answer than the administration had last month.
A majority of the public also wants to see President Trump uphold the current sanctions against Russia.
There are talks of \rebalancing\ the agency's mission as it continues to tweet about climate change.
And it could have long-term consequences.
Mattis said he doesn't have any issues with reporters.
\u201cThe ability of the commission to perform its role has deteriorated significantly.\
\u201cThere is question that in a time of crisis, where will America be?\u201d
The president was at ease among his supporters.
CPAC initially embraced the provocateur who was shut out at Berkeley.
\John McCain is the guy that has advocated for war everywhere.\
Are instant leaks, using encrypted messaging apps, expanding the deep state beyond shadowy CIA operatives?
The Trump Era requires engagement with politics, not a cowering from them.
True populists listen to the people.
It doesn\u2019t feel like a war \u2015 not in the U.S.A., at least.
Today\u2019s topics include
You don\u2019t need to send the Feds to our city... unless they're going to get rid of our mayor.
Exactly 10 years after EO 9066 was signed, I was born.
Well, that's one way to honor the president.
It didn't happen.
\We need to learn the lessons of history.\u201d
Today marks the 75th anniversary of President Franklin D. Roosevelt\u2019s signing of the executive order that authorized the
It's a clear echo of Donald Trump's campaign pledge.
The Vice President promised \unwavering\ commitment to the NATO military alliance.
The White House plans to write \a tighter, more streamlined version\ of the order.
With a week left, the field is winnowing.
The Trump organization would not enter into any new overseas deals while he is president, a Trump adviser has said.
Trump won't guarantee that his next top security aide will have full staffing control.
David Petraeus and Robert Harward have already turned down the post.
The Bureau is trying to identify the people behind breaches of the DNC's computer systems.
17 banks doing business with pipeline developers get put on notice.
Trump continues to prosecute his war with the media, the so-called \u201cfourth estate\u201dcalling them an \u201cenemy of the people,\u201d but
Gardner emphasizes repeatedly that he wants to hear from real people, not fake protesters.
Where United States foreign policy is concerned, we are steering into seas whose dragons may be only vaguely visible.
Peace was not advanced, nor was the understanding of what real peace would require and how what Trump and Netanyahu would contribute to that goal.
Libraries and museums reminded the world of the better alternative to \alternative.\
\America First\ doesn't apply to Trump wines.
Before we begin, two quick notes. That subtitle above isn't ours, but when we heard what CNN's Brian Stelter called the hot
Real people with serious medical issues are finally getting the help they need.
Environmental havoc will include global warming, blocked water flows and loss of migration routes for endangered animals.
\u201cSince Obamacare and these issues have come up, the women are in my grill no matter where I go,\u201d Rep. Dave Brat had said.
They're stepping up to save pollinators.
President Trump's nominees have not fared well going through Sen. Patty Murray's HELP Committee. Andrew Puzder never made it.
The retailers' move comes after Patagonia pledged to boycott the state over GOP plans to scrap a new national monument.
One woman shouted that Rep. Tom Reed (R-N.Y.) was spreading \misinformation.\
Also, why do some people say \u201cinternment\u201d or \u201crelocation,\ while others say \u201cincarceration\u201d and \u201cforced removal\?
In reality, it\u2019s just a scam to make private schools cheaper for rich people.
He shoots down a report that spies don't trust the president with secrets.
What just happened?
Club members, guests and at least 64 foreign workers have unprecedented access to the president.
Alexander Acosta's record at the Department of Justice and in academia raises some concerns.
Robert Doggart, 65, will be sentenced in May.
Because according to Republicans, the real scandal of Trump's Russia ties is that we're learning about them.
A new study delves into the demographic disparities in who votes -- and who doesn't.
The controversial \Docs vs. Glocks\ law violated doctors' free-speech rights.
The former national security advisor reportedly lied to FBI agents about his phone call with Moscow's ambassador to the U.S.
\Scott Pruitt sides with the corporate polluters. He has no business as head of the EPA.\u201d
The president went after the media, judges and leakers in full force.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! President Trump
It's national security adviser hot potato.
Animal advocates say it's a good sign, but not a total victory.
\u201cI don\u2019t have any observation about that,\u201d McConnell said when asked about the president's chaotic press conference.
It's pretty much down to \news you don't like.\ And Russia.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb 16 (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court on Thursday suspended proceedings over President Donald Trump\u2019s travel
\#MakeAmericaWhiteOldMenAgain.\
The ruling comes just a day before a scheduled Senate vote on Pruitt\u2019s confirmation.
Vice Adm. Robert Harward reportedly took notice of the president's White House performance.
The rulings will come against the backdrop of the President's Muslim travel ban.
The new policy applies to possession of less than 4 ounces of weed and is set to take effect on March 1.
The administration has \a lot of work to do.\
\ud83d\udd25 \ud83d\udd25 \ud83d\udd25
Here's the first test of whether surging anti-Trump activism can translate to a comeback for Democrats.
Constituents have been using the forums to grill lawmakers over Obamacare repeal and other issues.
It's Trump's World now, if Congress can stand to live in it.
Ready for a challenge?
\We stand for truth against falsehood, freedom against tyranny, right against injustice, hope against despair,\ he says.
Trump\u2019s latest press conference is worrisome for so many reasons. \u00a0He seems to live in his own reality (e.g. his administration
I have a couple silly lady questions I wanted to run by your wise man brain.
\Though I draw the line at Sean Hannity.\
\The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by 'intelligence' like candy.\
\But I would have directed him,\ the president said, \because that\u2019s his job.\
Five former U.S. ambassadors to Israel from both Republican and Democratic administrations urged the Senate in a letter not to confirm Friedman.
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services nominee Seema Verma has a conservative vision for health care.
The members wanted to learn more about recent deportation efforts.
Alexander Acosta is a former U.S. attorney who has served on the National Labor Relations Board.
The Constitution bars office holders from accepting gifts or payments from foreign governments.
A rising stock market overwhelmingly benefits the richest Americans.
Feeling overwhelmed, scared, despondent, disappointed, hurt, terrified or generally sad about the current state of affairs
Flynn resigned as national security adviser on Monday.
GOP and Democratic lawmakers introduced a bill requiring their sign-off for lifting sanctions on Putin.
Their message
Sen. Richard Burr wants Michael Flynn to explain his suspicious Russian contacts to the Intelligence Committee.
\u201cIt\u2019s sad that the deliberative body is moving with urgency, and that the urgent body is moving deliberatively,\u201d one House Dem said.
By Lawrence Hurley WASHINGTON, Feb 16 (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee will hold its confirmation hearing
How's March for everyone? Is March good?
\A people who fight for their own rights are only as honorable as when they fight for the rights of all people.\
The vote was a high-profile test for organized labor in the nation\u2019s most strongly anti-union state.
\We must measure up to our words and fight for our ideals, because the critical hour is upon us.\
\We are very confident in our whip count and are in an excellent position to win next week.\
Regular women with no background in politics are leading the resistance.
The Justice Department court filing said Trump\u2019s order would be \u201csubstantially revised\u201d but did not provide details.
GOP leaders have to convince more moderate colleagues that it's worth it to ditch a provision clearly benefiting their states.
Shermichael SIngleton was a top aide to Ben Carson.
Chuck Grassley and Dianne Feinstein want more details on Flynn's contact with Russia.
Former employees of the Environmental Protection Agency, who typically steer clear of politics, have begun advocating to support the work in Trump's crosshairs.
An appeals court will reconsider a major defeat for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Today\u2019s press
\u201cHe\u2019s making our allies nervous and he\u2019s trying to appease our adversaries.\
A battle over intel and leaks heats up.
\u201cScott Pruitt represents what we environmental lawyers call an \u2018imminent and substantial endangerment\u2019 to our health and environment.\u201d
\It\u2019s OK, Mommy,\ her 6-year-old daughter told her. \In the church you\u2019re safe.\
The president is suggesting a major purge is in the offing.
The legislation would expand the payroll tax on high earners to boost benefits for everyone.
Agents said they felt constrained under Obama. Now, under Trump, they think they hold the power.
Always look for the helpers.
Ken Paxton, the state attorney general, has asked an appeals court to reconsider a ruling against the travel restrictions.
\306 Electoral College votes.\
Like a 1,170-mile pipeline.
\u201cThe U.S. would be shooting itself in the foot\u201d to withhold aid, one expert said.
U.S. presidents have long been committed to the two-state solution, but maybe not anymore.
The comments come a day before Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu visits the White House.
They condemn Judge Neil Gorsuch's stance on a long list of issues, including reproductive rights, immigration and protections for workers.
Top administration officials have denied that there were any contacts between the campaign and the Russian government.
Farmworkers, employers and trade groups are all concerned with Trump's plans on immigration and trade.
And a timeline of Mike Flynn's resignation.
The attorney general has indicated he doesn't think he needs to recuse himself from the investigations.
He radically shifted foreign policy, undermined his own spokesman and bragged about his election win -- all in a mere 18 minutes.
The president's choice for labor secretary revealed \the complete scorn Trump actually has for workers.\
A GOP White House has Democrats less enthusiastic about concentrating power at the federal level.
The president smiled and walked away in response to a question from CNN's Jim Acosta.
Brilliant and controversial, Dr. Will Happer of Princeton says being called a climate denier feels like being labeled a Nazi sympathizer.
Sources have heard Trump will sign between two and five executive orders.
\u201cNothing less than our system of checks and balances, democratic institutions, the rule of law and our national security is at stake,\u201d Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said.
The Salt Lake Tribune compared the congressman's \fanciful claims\ about paid protesters to the president's cries of voter fraud.
One of the backers of the measure says he doesn't understand why it would make it more difficult for minorities to vote.
\u201cThe public is owed the truth.\
In a video obtained by Politico, Lisa Fierstein said her ex-husband threatened revenge after she went public with claims of abuse.
With Republicans balking at the idea, they're looking for any vehicle to get answers on Trump's former security adviser.
Seven GOP senators are skeptical, and a new video of his ex-wife alleging abuse further imperils the fast-food baron.
It was not immediately clear if Harward had accepted the offer.
Energy Transfer Partners has been punished for playing by the rules, a representative complained.
Everyone is a comedian.
But it's not clear how much effect its hands-off approach will have.
\u201cAll of it is concerning, all of it is very concerning.\u201d
A lawyer for Daniel Ramirez Medina said the young man \u201cunequivocally denies\u201d allegations he was part of a gang and said ICE agents repeatedly pressured him while in custody to \u201cfalsely admit his affiliation.\u201d
Employees of the popular website want to join the Writers Guild of America, East.
An executive order has kept  protections for the rusty patched bumble bee species from taking effect.
The White House declined the sports channel's offer to air Trump selecting his picks for the NCAA Tournament.
The former Carl's Jr. and Hardee's chief executive is the first casualty among the president's controversial Cabinet picks.
Back in 2010, Mitch McConnell said \u201cOur top political priority over the next two years should be to deny Barack Obama a second
The White House says Trump was briefed on Flynn's Russia call in late January.
\It's a big deal,\ Trump said.
Rather than taking his case to the nation's top court, administration lawyers will be very busy elsewhere.
The SSC-8 violates the 1987 INF Treaty.
Trump's national security adviser quit after a week of scandal.
Flynn resigned Monday over allegations that he broke the law in conversations with Russia.
Flynn said he was \honored\ to serve in Trump's administration.
The bromance gets taken to the next level.
A complete timeline of the lead-up to Flynn's resignation.
So far, taxing weed has raised about $425,000 for higher education.
\Discussions with foreign leaders regarding international missile tests ... are presumptively sensitive,\u201d wrote the chairman of the House Oversight Committee.
In the new short film, a single mother contemplates marrying her incarcerated fiance.
\It's taking care of itself,\ Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) said.
She blamed the dreaded unknown people with access to one's account.
It appears to compare DeVos to civil rights hero Ruby Bridges.
Benghazi and Hillary Clinton's email were worth numerous hearings, subpoenas and probes. But possible collusion between the national security adviser and Russia? Crickets.
A House member said the agency's reason was \bullshit.\
Senators say the Flynn scandal should be investigated. The House was a bit more dismissive.
\u201cThe American people also deserve to know the full extent of the President and his team\u2019s ties to Russia. Let\u2019s give them that information,\u201d the Minnesota senator said.
The president's inner circle now has zero advisers with foreign affairs expertise.
\u201cIt doesn\u2019t matter, because you weren\u2019t born in this country,\u201d one of the agents reportedly said when Daniel Ramirez Medina disclosed his work permit.
Takiya Holmes was one of two young girls shot in the head in separate incidents on Saturday.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Today is Valentine\u2019s
Since, you know, he chairs the oversight committee.
Wait, is this how Republicans end up preventing an Obamacare repeal?
Fewer hearts, more charts.
The Senate voted 53-47.
\u201cDams, bridges, roads and all ports around the country have fallen into disrepair.\
This is the latest legal setback for the Trump administration.
Voters are already gearing up for midterm elections.
A new study shows huge numbers of Americans could lose the help they need.
Roses are red, climate change is real.
A military judge said Trump's slurs against the Army sergeant were \disturbing.\
Mike Flynn was National Security Adviser for 24 days.
Opinions are still split on the ban itself, although approval for its implementation has fallen.
The president is very popular among the Republican base -- which means GOP lawmakers have little incentive to challenge him.
The Gold Star father is \disheartened\ by the GOP response but still has hope.
\u201cGen. Flynn\u2019s resignation is not the end of the story. It is merely the beginning,\u201d the Senate Minority Leader said.
It literally just happened.
You want lies with that?
South Texas precincts overwhelmingly voted for Hillary Clinton.
The pinkwasher-in-chief paid lip service to women in the workplace at a meeting with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, a real feminist.
Former CIA Director David Petraeus already has the president's trust and admiration.
A Native American tribe argued that the pipeline would desecrate water used in religious ceremonies.
The new education chief sounded unfamiliar with the federal civil rights law during her confirmation hearings.
They reveal how seemingly careless the president was about sensitive information this weekend.
\u201cI\u2019m just doing what I said I would do when we won by a very, very large electoral college vote,\ the president said.
Two years after the shooting, Deah, Yusor, and Razan are still inspiring acts of love.
The embattled national security adviser will stick around ... for now.
A challenge \to\ great for the Trump administration
\u201cWhile they\u2019re at it, can they find out who really killed Nicole Brown Simpson?\u201d
The nation's dams now earn an unnerving D grade.
Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach couldn't actually name any cases of illegal voting.
\One impact of this kind of ferocious, systematic, belligerent attack on the things we care about is that it\u2019s unified us almost totally,\u201d says one Democratic senator.
Presidential motorcade route in West Palm Beach was lined with demonstrators.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Donald Trump held
But the highlight of the night was Beyonc\u00e9's performance.
\u201cI don\u2019t know how you can come to any other conclusion,\u201d Rep. Filemon Vela (D-Texas) said.
The groom's family had donated $500,000 to support Trump's campaign in 2016.
Even Antonin Scalia supported the doctrine. But not Neil Gorsuch.
He said he would also move to depose administration officials.
He'll have to do a lot of convincing during his confirmation hearing this week.
\u201cDon\u2019t assume that the answer to big crowds is moving policy to the left,\u201d Jennifer Palmieri told MSNBC's Chuck Todd.
Whirlpool, the big appliance manufacturer, stressed in recent years its preference to make it in America. In 2013, it actually
One right many Americans take for granted may now be quietly at risk
\u201c\u2014mind you, the corridors of power are littered with Fascist leanings; anything to save the upper classes through disenfranchisement
When Ronald Reagan was elected president I literally became ill. It was unexpected as was his victory tally, but as difficult
Earlier this month, the United States launched a raid against a suspected al-Qaeda hideout in Yemen, during which a Navy
There are a lot of moving parts and lots of people to deal with. Ticking them off doesn\u2019t work.
Reports about Flynn show a \u201cmortifying coziness\ between Trump and Putin.
Let's keep Abe honest.
Barack Obama accomplished much more during his first weeks in office.
\u201cWhy Kellyanne? Why be so aggressive with her and not with me? Hard to answer.\u201d
The refugees from the seven nations had long been in the pipeline, and almost none entered in the week after he signed his order.
The race is haunted by the specter of the 2016 presidential primary.
The march comes days after hundreds of undocumented immigrants were arrested in the U.S.
The GOP Oversight Committee chair called it \u201cclearly over the line, unacceptable.\u201d
The claim by policy director Stephen Miller sounds like a scene from \Minority Report.\
\The president of the United States is correct, 100 percent.\
Here we go again. And again and again.
Trump said the business mogul is \not smart enough to be president.\
\He clearly doesn\u2019t know how the federal agencies work.\
There will be no more elections or football games for a while. But off-season is only temporary.
We can be more effective in our arguments about the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882 and the Japanese American internment during World War II.
The conspiracy angle is a colossal stretch. However, the desirability of Pence running the White House show is not.
No, Kellyanne, it's not \the media.\
President Trump has shown his malignant narcissism to the world in the time leading up to his ascension to the Oval Office
It is difficult to not be concerned with the new world order that is being shaped by Brexit, \u201cMake America Great Again\u201d, and
My son is currently a freshman at a university in Iowa studying to be a teacher. He spent his winter break working with junior
Trump has successfully marketed himself as the protector of Middle Eastern Christians.
If ever there were an impeachable offense, selling out national security for your business interests has to top the list.
I am what Trump would call an \u201canchor baby.\u201d
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said Flynn still owes the president an explanation for conflicting reports.
\u201cI think to this day it\u2019s inexplicable that they were so casual about the investigation of the Russian penetration of the DNC emails.\
\You want to be a legitimate president, sir? Then act like one.\
Yet he also said, \It\u2019s not for me to speak what\u2019s in the president\u2019s mind.\


Fundamentally, if you want to do something about the trade balance, it's problematic to focus on profits, rather than imports and exports themselves.
He also declared the U.S. legal system 'broken!'
\u201cViolent protesters who shut down free speech? Time for another Kent State perhaps. One bullet stops a lot of thuggery,\u201d he had said.
He  labeled the audience childish for calling him out on the lie.
An honest mistake.
It's \evidence that I'm not a Russian spy,\ says NSA whistleblower.
If Trump has proof, he needs to immediately share it with the public, Ellen L. Weintraub said.
Dan Malloy argues that taking back state houses is the key to winning back Congress.
\u201cTrump is going to hear our trumpet call.\u201d
He should have it memorized by now.
Before Andy Puzder adopted Trump's hard line on immigration, his chains' restaurants had to cut loose more than 1,000 undocumented workers.
A jailhouse informant program exists in Orange County -- the \debate is over,\ Judge Thomas Goethals said.
It's easy to imagine an alternate universe where Neil Gorsuch became a Never Trumper.
She's already survived the first legal challenge to her candidacy.
At the risk of sounding like a snowflake, we need to talk\u2026 oh hell, who am I kidding, I AM a snowflake
A few weeks ago, I was watching the famous documentarian Michael Moore interview with television journalist Lawrence O\u2019Donnell
Hundreds were expected. We numbered three thousand.
Any ban may backfire because of the role of shame.
Once again I see this phrase in the news
I used to deliver President Obama's briefing materials and know what those documents contain.
Michael Flynn is in a world of trouble. Trump\u2019s selection of Flynn as his National Security Advisor seemed like a terrible
Is this what \u201cextreme vetting\u201d is supposed to mean?
Donald Trump just got thumped by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. There's no denying it. Even Kellyanne Conway can't spin
With the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to serve on the Supreme Court of the United States instead of Chief Judge Merrick
Kentucky's Jefferson County logged 695 overdoses in  January alone.
The decision follows Nordstrom's announcement that it had decided to stop carrying Ivanka Trump\u2019s apparel because of declining sales.
This is all too telling.
Let there be no doubt about it. #TheResistance is real. #Indivisible is real. The #WomensMarch is real. The national response
\Pocahontas is now the face of your party,\ he tells Democratic senators at meeting to build support for his Supreme Court nominee.
I'm afraid that what you want is a nation that conforms to your interpretation of the Bible.
The registered Republican says she didn't know she couldn't vote.
I am an Asian. I contributed to the crowdfunded campaign to help Milo Yiannopoulos continue to make disparaging remarks on minorities like me.

So far, he hasn't shown much interest in investigating Donald Trump's administration.
Not exactly a win-win.
It's a major blow to the Trump administration.
The call was described as cordial with both leaders expressing best wishes to their peoples.
Flynn reportedly broke the law by discussing sanctions with the Russian ambassador.
A new report shows a dearth of Muslim voices in discussions about Donald Trump's executive order.
The president watches cable news, but he doesn't seem to have read the legal blog he cited.
\u201cThe level of ICE enforcement that we\u2019ve seen in the past few weeks is unprecedented,\u201d one attorney said.
\Do you believe in science? Because I do,\ a girl asks the House Oversight chair as hundreds cheer.
\With one change made under this administration a lot of them are going to die.\
There's no evidence to support his claim that thousands of people voted illegally in the state.
Brexit champion Boris Johnson joined the legion of those now out from under U.S. taxes.
Rust Belt Democrats have an idea to stop companies from offshoring jobs. Trump wants to \get going on it,\ one said.
The president isn't focused on infrastructure or trade. What's left for them to support?
He didn't want to be subjected to the confirmation process.
The resistance will be furry.
And only 29 percent of GOP voters have favorable views of Donald Trump's chief strategist.
Southwest Virginia's Chris Hurst said he plans to enter politics.
The poll question was a setup, and breathlessly promoting its results will only make distrust in the media worse.
The so-called Milo Bill would protect \u201cstifled\u201d conservatives at Tennessee colleges.
Democrats don't have the ability to block President Trump's nominees on their own.
In a 3-0 unanimous decision.
Millions of Americans could lose coverage if the law is repealed.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 A number of reports
They say Donald Trump won the presidency by practicing \dog whistle politics.\
That\u2019s a reversal from Americans' mostly positive impressions of how the world viewed the U.S. throughout Obama\u2019s presidency.
Most polls find some level of rising disapproval.
The president did not answer directly when he was asked whether he would sign a new travel ban.
It's time to see how closely you've been following this week's top stories.
The White House says it has no update on a planned investigation of \u201cmillions\u201d of illegal votes Trump claims denied him a popular vote victory.
Another sign that bank deregulation is coming.
White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus told reporters that taking the case to the Supreme Court remained a possibility.
\It's like the most impressive 180-degree switch that you've ever seen.\
The Supreme Court nominee should publicly condemn Trump's comments if he's \a truly independent judge,\ the Senate minority leader writes.
She and Sen. Sherrod Brown said they're pretty sure Republicans will back treasury nominee Steve Mnuchin anyway because they fear Trump.
It feels good, and rare, for them to be on the offensive.
\Shame!\ one demonstrator yelled.
Jamie Oliver tried to bring a \food revolution\ to middle America. But the real revolution happened after he left.
A country that once seemed filled with salvation, promise and opportunity has become much less hospitable.
\'See you in court' -- isn't that on the Trump coat of arms?\
Guadalupe Garc\u00eda de Rayos checked in with ICE for years. Suddenly, she was deported.
He also talked about his own popularity.
The president's beleaguered executive order won't be reinstated, and will remain stuck in the courts for a while.
Some people who started with a neutral impression have soured after his first weeks in office.
\I\u2019m going to give a free commercial here. Go buy it today, everybody.\
Sanders has his hands on a coveted form of political currency.
Almost 20 states have passed restrictions on late-term abortions.
Noah asks, \Do you think Mitch McConnell realized what a solid he's done you?\
Take note, President Trump.
\u201cIt should have never happened, and they better learn this lesson very quick.\u201d
\She is clearly running for the nomination in 2020,\ he said.
http://data.huffingtonpost.com/2017/medicaid-expansion
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Today is National
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court said it will rule by the end of business on Thursday regarding President Donald
The minority leader says the Supreme Court nominee must denounce the president's judge-bashing to prove his independence.
The unwinding of Dodd-Frank begins.
Sources close to the SCOTUS nominee confirmed his comments, but Trump doesn\u2019t seem to care.
\Because sexism, racism, homophobia, transphobia, xenophobia, & ableism serve the same system & that system cannot stand. #WhyIResist\
\u201cAs time goes on it gets better for us.\u201d
And \disheartening.\
The vote broke down mostly along party lines.
\u201cI don\u2019t really know him,\u201d Ryan said of the president's chief strategist.
One doctor describes it as a \constant mental beatdown.\
\u201cAs much as this is an ecological crisis, it is a moral failing of our society,\ one protester said.
The White House really wants to downplay the president\u2019s tweeting.
Native Americans who object to the project are still fighting it in court.
The estimated price-tag is much higher than a $12-billion figure cited by President Trump in his campaign.
Like the one who lives in the White House.
The recent surge in anti-immigrant furor threatens perceptions of our nation as compassionate and god-fearing.
Here\u2019s the speech Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer must give to rally the country. (Because \u201cRemember The Emoluments
We have shown that we can win when it matters.
\We never lost hope,\ an uncle in Chicago says.
\How dare you,\ another victim's mother tweeted.
DHS's John Roth is also looking into the botched rollout of the president's executive order.
\u201cAnyone who undermines the success of that raid owes an apology to the life and service of Chief Owens.\u201d
Neil Gorsuch made the remarks during a meeting with a Connecticut senator.
Warren was reading a 1986 letter by Coretta Scott King about Sessions.
They were supposed to get married in Virginia and start a life together. Then Donald Trump signed an executive order.
The comment came in response to Trump threatening to \destroy\ the career of a Texas state senator.
\u201cThere is currently a widespread level of engagement that I\u2019ve not seen in many, many years,\ a former Democratic lawmaker observes.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Today we finalized
The Obama administration previously blocked state efforts to drug test people on unemployment and food stamps.
It's time to pitch it to President Donald Trump and other skeptics in the party.
Former Gov. Pat McCrory (R) signed House Bill 17 in December before his Democratic successor took over.
The real power over schools doesn't rest with the Education Department.
The new education secretary has faced unprecedented opposition.
\u201cYou want to buy one of Donald Trump\u2019s mansions? You have access to do that as well.\
\I have never seen anything like this.\
The resistance will be inked.
Environmental, labor and consumer advocates formed an alliance to challenge the executive order.
After many delays, the Senate can now proceed with the confirmation process for fast-food executive Andy Puzder.
Another state takes a step to reform controversial money bail practices.
The Democrat warned Trump's administration had the \u201ccharacteristics of an authoritarian regime.\
But he is ready to defy Trump.
Majorities of people in a recent poll don\u2019t support the border wall, repealing the Affordable Care Act or constructing the Keystone and Dakota pipelines.
A new bill would require congressional oversight for changes.
But when Elizabeth Warren tried, Republicans said she was impugning a colleague and made her sit down.
King wrote a strong letter in opposition to Sessions' 1986 nomination to a federal judgeship.
His refugee ban, however, does just that.
It's the first major city to pull funds from a bank for financing the controversial project.
\u201cNo one in America ought to think this party is in retreat.\
But he says Mitch McConnell was right to silence Elizabeth Warren. Because she quoted Ted Kennedy.
Republicans are finding it much harder to craft health care reform replacement than it was to campaign on repeal.
A media watchdog group and the ACLU are pushing Scott Pruitt to disclose his ties to the energy industry before the Senate votes to confirm him.
The president claimed the national murder rate is at a 47-year high. Wrong!
The Affordable Care Act cut the uninsured rate to a historic low. Good thing Trump and the Republicans are here to repair the damage!
The Department of Justice launched an investigation last year into conditions at the state's prisons.
There is good news in the battle over health care \u2013 GOP members of Congress are getting pummeled in their districts for trying
It\u2019s clear that Musk is willing to work with President Trump for the sole purpose of thickening his wallet.
It is alarming, but sadly not surprising, that Republicans in the Senate took offense to the contents of Coretta Scott King\u2019s letter, but not to the concerns that moved her to write it.
Doing away with the ACA punishes people like my son.
The Republicans\u2019 action caricatured themselves as stuffy, out-of-touch old men using archaic and arcane rules.
Last week President Donald Trump signed anti-immigrant executive orders. His orders included
The proceeds from civil forfeitures across 14 states more than doubled between 2002 and 2013, jumping from around $100 million
Now the bigotry he stoked is a promise he must keep.
I must have forgotten to pick it up.
Ben Stern, now 95 years old, was still a teenager when the Nazis invaded Mogielnice, the small town outside Warsaw where
The decision, a defeat for environmentalists and the Standing Rock Sioux, is likely to be challenged.
Shade thrown.
The president's executive order could remain frozen or move forward, depending on what happens Tuesday.
On whether or not to reinstate the travel ban.
\I wish there were a way I could wave a magic wand and put it back when people were respectful of each other.\
The First lady claims she lost out on the opportunity to make millions as \one of the most photographed women in the world.\u201d
The outdoor-gear retailer has declared war on the state's Republican-controlled government.
It's very good to be a donor.
\u201cWant to give his name? We\u2019ll destroy his career,\ Trump said, to laughter.
A safety measure that industry groups have lobbied against might have made a crucial difference.
Two Republicans joined the Senate's 48 Democrats in opposing the secretary of education.
\I can feel it.\
Nearly every state that voted for Donald Trump saw increases in solar jobs.
Whether the three-judge panel agrees to go along could be an early test for the president's authority.
A U.S. district judge in Seattle on Friday suspended Trump\u2019s order.
She didn't go to public school. Why should they?
Republicans give the new president high marks for his first weeks in office. Democrats couldn't disagree more.
GOP lawmakers will take any help they can get.
The homeland security secretary also expressed regret over its rollout.
There's actually a critique to be made about terrorism coverage, but it's not clear that Trump is making it.
The legislation was expected to encounter resistance in the Senate, where it failed to advance last year amid opposition by a handful of Republican lawmakers after the House passed it unanimously.
Grab some tissues.
Honestly, it's anybody's guess what the president really wants on this issue.
The latest edition of Paul Ryan's profile in courage.
They plan to discuss Trump's executive orders and other issues.
The president has falsely said the shots cause autism.
The list includes the massacres in Orlando, San Bernardino, Paris and Berlin.
\[It's] not good when the president mischaracterizes who we are as a country and a people,\ Oklahoma's Rep. Tom Cole said.
The Democratic leader's pique foreshadows a \nuclear\ showdown over the Supreme Court
We don't care, but the president probably will.
Seems like an exaggeration, but what do we know?
The Republican promises it'll be \a once-in-a-lifetime\ experience.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Betsy DeVos was
He did the right thing. And it could cost him.
Jason Kander vows consequences for those who deny people the vote.
\It will almost certainly cause long-term harm,\ Alan Finkel said.
\u201cThe election and inauguration of Mr. Trump appears to be the final reason for those who came mostly last month.\u201d
\u201cEven if we\u2019re successful in getting that ban overturned, a lot of damage has been done,\ Attorney General Mark Herring said.
The president and NATO leaders also talked on the phone about boosting other nations'  contributions.
A federal judge temporarily suspended the ban last week.
Morality and community matter more than our political and religious identities, he argues.
\u201cWe view the Order as one that ultimately undermines the national security of the United States, rather than making us safer.\
States, national security veterans and tech companies have mounted fierce opposition to the legality of the travel ban.
\u201cI see this as a peaceful protest,\u201d says the Brooklyn restaurant's head chef.
He spoke directly to the president in an ad played during the morning news shows.
\u201cWhere are you? You know if a Democrat said it, you\u2019d be just howling at the moon,\ he said.
The Aziz brothers and Al-Murisi family boarded a flight to the U.S. hours before President Donald Trump signed the travel ban.
The Senate will vote Tuesday on whether to confirm the controversial pick for U.S. Secretary of Education.
The president's early actions have created uncertainty for the country's scientists, and could be standing in the way of important research.
Insurers would be happy. Consumer advocates, not so much.
Twitterverse joins in on joke.
She described the fake terrorist attack in January interviews with Cosmopolitan and TMZ.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! The Patriots came
\It\u2019s not these organic uprisings that we\u2019ve seen through the last several decades,\ the White House press secretary said.
This time, it's the Patriots by 8.
The former George W. Bush official is a proponent for broad use of executive power. But Trump, he says, is crossing the line.
They point to Scott Pruitt's \u201cdisturbing\u201d environmental record.
The former Democratic presidential nominee approves this message.
And the first Super Bowl overtime.
Cutting federal funds to the state would be a \weapon,\ the president said.
She's not ready to go there.
\u201cForget that, forget all of that,\u201d the president retorted when asked for data to back up his allegations.
The coal and chemical industry reps will outnumber scientists at a Tuesday hearing.
They will almost certainly lose this battle, but they should fight it anyway.
Whether intentionally or not, Super Bowl LI commercials tackled some tough political issues.
I have been reading Michigan billionaire school choice champ and US ed sec nominee Betsy DeVos\u2019 written responses to the
It behooves advocates for a general strike to acknowledge the practice's violent history in our country.
It is safe to say that the Trump era in American politics is off to an appropriately dark beginning. On the afternoon of
There are legitimate concerns over conflicts of interest during the Trump administration.
The Supreme Court nominee's deference to moneyed donors and corporations are widely unpopular stances. Democrats should capitalize.
It's \very dependent on how the Russians respond,\ the vice president says.
Brief argues that judge \second-guessed\ the president's national security judgment.
WASHINGTON, Feb 5 (Reuters) - The Pentagon has failed to disclose up to thousands of air strikes the U.S. military carried
\u201cWhat do you think? Our country\u2019s so innocent?\u201d
The administration is trying to make the case that judicial review of its executive order imperils national security.
\u201cI\u2019m not going to critique every utterance of the president. I obviously don\u2019t see this issue the same way he does,\ McConnell said.
\When has a Democratic political activists [sic] been poisoned by the GOP, or vice versa?\
Demonstrators jeered California Rep. Tom McClintock as he left a town hall under police escort.
The new alliance between financial executives and Donald Trump.
\u201cHe respects Vladimir Putin because he believes that the leaders of countries deserve to get treated with respect.\
The public is split on whether the nomination should have been left to Donald Trump, but a plurality want to see Neil Gorsuch confirmed.
The former Democratic presidential candidate slammed the president for his shift on economic policy.
Another loss for Trump.
After years of blocking Barack Obama's court picks, Republicans now have \an excellent chance of clearing the deck of all the vacancies,\ says the GOP leader.
\I would not be a president that takes time off,\ Trump said in 2015.
The president continues to flout the separation of powers.
In his brazen attempts to subvert the rule of law, President Trump is setting a dangerous precedent.
This is not simply one more example of Trump\u2019s thin-skinned attitude or his intolerance for dissent.
I have been getting quiet encouragement to share more about attending Congressional committee and subcommittee hearings about
Of all the contentious and partisan issues facing our country, this should not be one of them. Education stands at the very
We need to begin a much wider debate about a Moral revolution.
The president of the United States evidently does not know whether Frederick Douglas is dead or alive. That would be the
Just over a week into his administration, President Trump has taken multiple steps that forebode economic, geopolitical and
Is this all the way you will make America great again Mr. President? Really?
It\u2019s been two chaotic, unsettling weeks since Donald Trump was inaugurated. Whoever first offered the curse, \u201cMay you live
Diplomacy 101.
\We don't need your beer, your opinions, and your illegal immigrants.\
\u201cOur moment of crisis didn\u2019t begin with the election of Donald Trump. We were already in crisis.\
This is bad news for animals and government transparency, activists say.
The report quoted Viola as saying he would not be able to successfully navigate the confirmation process.
Trump's counselor snaps back at the former first daughter over her dig about the \Bowling Green massacre.\
Polls are a particularly effective way to make your voice heard right now.
The reversal was announced in compliance with the opinion from a federal judge in Seattle barring President Trump\u2019s executive action.
Demonstrations again were held in Washington and New York, but also in many heartland cities.
But that's not necessarily a good thing.
The president called it \ridiculous.\
The president's smear of a federal judge who temporarily halted the travel ban undermines judicial independence and could encourage defiance.
Before we launch in to this week's screed, we're going to shamelessly begin with a plug. Yesterday, we published a first
If politics and governance worked like basketball, at this point Ms. Conway would have been fouled out of the game.
Dear Mr. President
At first glance, President Trump\u2019s present-tense declaration on the first day of Black History Month that Frederick Douglass
Once, with me, you chose dignity, stewardship, and judgment \u2013 not the party line \u2013 as your guides.
\u201cAmerica is a proud nation of immigrants,\u201d Donald Trump declared in defense of his controversial executive order banning
Popular Economics Weekly It is a well-known fact that the US has had a history of labor shortages, dating from the Revolutionary
Far from making us safer, this Administration is putting us at greater risk.
The violent demonstrators played right into his hands.
Let\u2019s imagine someone in the White House talks to an actual lawyer.
\u201cWinning\u201d means ramping up our production of fossil fuels.
\Trudeau knows how to manipulate.\
It may be hard to believe, but the cartoonishly, colossally corrupt and menacing, mendacious reign of a reality TV star, leader
An entire part of a society nurtured in and so unwittingly fixated on the promise of choice has been submitted, as if overnight, to a rotten blackmail
On January 27, 2017, President Trump made good on his campaign promise to institute a ban on Muslims entering the US. Trump\u2019s
The president personally attacked the federal judge who issued a temporary restraining order.
The President\u2019s infamous campaign slogan is to, \u201cMake America Great Again\u201d. This promise is being fulfilled a lot sooner
Too much attention is being paid to a 90-day travel ban in President Donald Trump\u2019s Executive Order Protecting the Nation
\Never remember, always forget!\
The Florida business violated a contract, a federal judge ruled.
One woman said she'd have to choose between feeding her family and keeping one of her children alive.
\One bullet stops a lot of thuggery,\ tweets Dan Adamini in the wake of Berkeley demonstration against Breitbart's Milo Yiannopoulos.
The president will attend the Red Cross Ball at his Mar-A-Lago estate, and a Super Bowl party at his Palm Beach golf resort.

The Democratic Party has long been the Party of working people, and needs to do a better job of making that case. No one knows this better than Keith Ellison.
It's probably a sign of the apocalypse.
The Afghan family is one of the last to arrive after President Donald Trump halted the refugee resettlement program.
The order bars most nationals of seven Muslim-majority countries.
\u201cWe definitely need the community\u2019s support to move forward over the next 120 days,\u201d one director said.
Six people died at the Quebec City mosque, and one person was slightly injured in the Paris attack.
Despite Donald Trump's travel ban, these little girls and their parents are together again.
Despite promise of putting Iran \u201con notice,\u201d new president responds to missile launch with targeted sanctions -- just like Obama did a year ago.
The temporary restraining order applies nationwide.
Trump campaigned as a staunch backer of Israel, so the admonition came as a surprise.
Advocates say the new policy will keep persecuted Christians in the Middle East and out of the U.S.
\Provoked\ Kjell Bondevik expresses concern over \authoritarian leaders.\
\u201cA lot of that toothpaste is already out of the tube.\
The state is becoming a major battleground over Trump\u2019s deportation policy.
But people close to the judge can't quite predict how he'll rule on big social issues.
The House has voted to undo a new rule that punishes federal contractors who cheat their workers. The Senate will probably follow suit.
#RumpagainstTrump battle cry
Congress is increasingly worried, and the House intelligence committee has already been briefed.
Calls like this have come in waves, and there's no sign they'll be stopping.
A surprising number of Republicans favor banning Muslim immigration altogether.
Cory Gardner's claim sure sounds like an excuse to ignore his constituents.
Reactions to President Trump's executive order range significantly.
And they seem to have found their strongest argument against it.
Test your knowledge of the week's top stories!
Enrollment had been ahead of last year's pace. Then the Trump administration pulled funding for ads.
Which is being described as the \stuff of banker dreams.\
The debate over the executive order continues.
A petition calling on business leaders to back out of the forum has drawn over 115,000 signatures.
And irony is dead.
A deal that the governor said would pay for the celebration's projects hasn't gone through.
Trump failed to mention Jewish victims, sparking condemnation.
\u201cEvery morning I wake up and wish it was a bad dream.\
Even with families stranded overseas by the ban, they chanted \USA!\ for all of Brooklyn to hear.
\u201cThis is the legislative equivalent of trying to ban fire trucks while your house is burning.\
A recent poll found that only 1 in 4 people believe Trump's claims that millions of people voted illegally.
\Next time, the stakes could be much higher,\ the Republican strategist wrote.
The president described trying unsuccessfully to get his friends added to a top-level panel.
The rule was aimed at curbing corruption at big oil, gas and mining companies.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Congressional
It was kinda like the \Bowling Green massacre,\ except the \masterminds\ were white and they wanted to kill Muslims.
And that might be the best outcome transgender students can hope for.
It's an important part of the big game.
Staffers opted to join the Writers Guild of America, East.
The economy added 227,000 jobs last month and the jobless rate was 4.8 percent.
The president reportedly berated Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull and hung up a half-hour ahead of schedule.
How often will this happen over the next four years?
They're not the same thing.
\The dire situation in eastern Ukraine is one that demands clear and strong condemnation of Russian actions.\u201d
The president wants to help churches become the new super PACs.
It's part of an overall strategy to reduce immigration.
The fear, for Democrats, is that he's absolutely right.
The Berkeley College Republicans had invited the Breitbart editor and notorious Twitter troll to campus to speak.
Even in the post-filibuster world where they're the only people that need to be convinced -- and after two nominees have been caught in falsehoods.
People are starting to study up on the 25th Amendment.
It's a win for conservation, but the battle isn't over.
Now AARP is making noise.
A little over a year ago, through the intercession of a remarkable and energetic young college student in Iowa, a 19 year
Or they have many ideas, you could say.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Today is Groundhog
Why are we beefing with Australia now?
The review was being planned \u201cin response to congressional request and whistleblower and hotline complaints.\
It's a boost for the former labor secretary's bid to lead the Democratic Party.
\u201cIt is, of course, only human to want some revenge.\
Tuesday\u2019s ruling follows decisions by federal judges in at least four other states that also limited the executive order Trump issued on Friday.
The call took a turn.
Republicans are expected to move the nominee to a floor vote anyway.
A last-minute Obama decision may empower federal authorities to run the \election infrastructure\ in the name of national security.
Civil liberties attorneys don't buy it.
Lawmakers hope new justices have a different view.
The vote occurred as protesters shouted \Shame!\ and \Respect our votes!\
The immigration ban proved that U.S. companies can no longer take a wishy-washy stance on politics.
In a memo to employees, Kalanick said he didn't want his presence to be seen as endorsing the president or his agenda.
And yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger has already shot back.
You already have to show photo ID to vote in the state.
Trump approved his first covert counterterrorism operation without sufficient intelligence, ground support or adequate backup preparations, officials said.
Democrats want to know if inspectors general really are in the firing line.
Senate Democrats have a tough choice ahead.
Andrew Puzder was accused of physically abusing his then-wife in the 1980s.
They're flooding the Republican senator with calls, but nobody is answering.
Most view the executive order as specifically intended to target Muslims.
A silver lining in the president's insults.
\If there\u2019s no rule of law for some people, there\u2019s no rule of law for anyone,\ the cover story's author writes.
Sources said it would no longer target groups such as white supremacists.
Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly visited Capitol Hill Tuesday but tensions are still high.
The station now reports that she died before the immigration order was signed.
They don't see many refugees, but they're worried about terrorists.
A total of 14 centers across 10 states, along with one in Canada, received the threats.
Donald Trump's pick for secretary of education may not get the votes she needs.
The former secretary of state graduated from the liberal arts college in 1969.
Changing the Senate rules could have far-reaching consequences for future nominees.
It will take 60 votes in the Senate to confirm him.
\u201cThe ghost of Merrick Garland still floats around part of this place.\
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer laid down a threshold that suggests Democrats are ready to filibuster Neil Gorsuch.
Neil Gorsuch's student paper at Columbia thought the idea of a President Trump was quite droll.
The minority leader\u2019s critics claim she sounded out of touch at a town hall Tuesday.
President Trump has promised to revive the coal industry, but it may not be so simple.
\u201cA conscience that is not awake to suffering and fails to respond is walled off from the love of God.\u201d
The Mexican president has received a lot of praise for the move.
In cases considering officers' powers, Neil Gorsuch has tended to side with the cops.
The peoples' representatives give another Wall Street elite a pass.
Neil Gorsuch should be presented as \mainstream\ and a \man of the West,\ advises the White House.
Trump\u2019s staff warns Iran that its recent missile test is a problem -- but notes that the country is still in compliance with its high-profile nuclear agreement.
As a Columbia University undergraduate in the 1980s, he complained the school had been taken over by liberals.
The \nuclear option\ isn't the only way to go, he said.
\We are treading a thin line on whether it\u2019s possible to avert major climate change, and it is absolutely imperative that we do everything we can.\
Neil Gorsuch is considered an heir to Scalia's legacy.
It\u2019s not just long-term birth control.
Neil Gorsuch's student newspaper argued for a \reasonable and understanding line\ between \relevant and irrelevant information.\
The panel's 10 Democrats say Scott Pruitt has not adequately answered questions.
The conservative Maine governor said the GOP won't take away the state exchanges.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! President Trump
The president, for his part, thinks Frederick Douglass \has done an amazing job.\
\u201cWe will not be withdrawing. We will not be pushed back,\ the Gold Star father said.
In this political climate, educators have to focus on more than just reading, writing and arithmetic.
In a party-line vote, 11 Republicans advanced his nomination. All nine Democrats voted no.
Green card holders will no longer need waivers to enter the United States.
He wasn't the only person the president canned Monday.
Millions are still blocked from the country.
More than 1,000 legal permanent residents had to get waivers before entering the U.S.
Opening up trade with China cost the U.S. 3.4 million jobs, according to a new report.
The oil giant operates in Iraq, one of the targeted countries.
Georgians respond to Trump\u2019s immigration order.
It's perhaps the most sweeping constitutional challenge to the president's travel ban yet.
That plays well into the Trump administration\u2019s strategy to discredit the press.
The president\u2019s decision to approach terrorism exclusively as a Muslim issue is dangerous.
Yeah, you read that right.
This is the first court challenge to the order.
Because principles.
The vote on Trump's pick for education secretary was split along party lines.
\God forbid women of the 7th District should have an opinion that they want to tell their congressman,\ one of his constituents said.
But there are still concerns he could carry out a \religious freedom\ executive order.
Fewer than a quarter have even a fair amount of trust in the media.
Dana Boente has replaced Sally Yates.
The world isn't burning yet, but it's increasingly important to stay vigilant, legal experts say.
She will be a key player in the Trump administration\u2019s plans to win approval for a $1 trillion infrastructure proposal over 10 years.
Trump seems to be doing what he said he'd do.
Googlers united against the president's decision to restrict immigration and travel from certain predominantly Muslim countries.
Three conservative U.S. appeals court judges are among those under close consideration.
They've been told to downplay the \u201cMuslim exclusion\u201d part of the Muslim exclusion order.
The president \deserves to be served better.\
A Senate committee is scheduled to vote on her nomination as education secretary on Tuesday.
\u201cWe have to get prices down for a lot of reasons. We have no choice.\
The White House suggested dissenters who can\u2019t support the new president should find new work.
\It is clear adjustments are needed,\ says the top Republican congressman on the issue.
The two judges in the running are headed to the capital.
U.S. officials forced up to 60 people to surrender their legal status, according to a suit CrowdJustice is supporting.
The resistance continues.
\Diverse is what we must be,\ Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein told employees.
Scientists, academics and advocates are looking at more hospitable environments overseas.
The Alabama Republican and Trump supporter is still almost certain to be confirmed as the nation's top law enforcement official.
The president's agenda is full-throttle deregulation.
\Obviously the communication was not there, interagency process was not there .... Chaos ensued.\
Yates said she was not \convinced that the Executive Order is lawful.\
Under Trump's (wrong) definition, that's voter fraud.
\The cabinet secretaries are going to be approved,\ Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said.
\u201cWe\u2019re being asked to vote on a nominee that will have to stand up to a president who is clearly willing to ignore the law.\
Republicans don't have the quorum needed to move forward.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Democrats finally
\They want to know what will happen to their health insurance.\
\Honest question
There was a time when more Americans opposed Southeast Asian refugees than currently oppose Syrians.
Her decision will almost certainly be reversed once the Senate confirms Jeff Sessions as attorney general.
\This ban is the first of many Islamophobic policies still to come,\ one law professor said.
Rep. Zoe Lofgren (D-Calif.) plans to introduce the bill on Monday.
It's yet another legal setback for the executive order.
\Refugees are anxious, confused and heartbroken at this suspension in what is already a lengthy process.\
The White House press secretary is quick to gripe about his own travel snags, but has no sympathy for those snarled in Trump's refugee ban.
Press secretary Sean Spicer said  a Syrian refugee allowed into the U.S. was vetted. He's right. So were a lot of others who can't get in.
\u201cI\u2019m going to die here by myself. Where do people expect all the refugees to go?\
\It will over time diminish the scope and strength of the educational and research efforts of American universities,\ one school president said.
\The ban will immediately sour relations\ with the Muslim world, wrote the diplomats.
Signatures surged in the wake of Trump's executive order targeting Muslims.
President Trump signed an executive order Friday restricting travel by individuals from Muslim-majority countries.
\Obedience to specific court orders is what keeps us from being a banana republic or fascist dictatorship. That's a really big deal.\
But leaders of the Koch network are pleased with other things Trump's doing.
Donald Trump\u2019s White House starts off with a first week that alarms even Republicans.
Senators want to know what, exactly, the DOJ does when it reviews the president's orders.
Reality check.
Money is pouring in as the organization blocks Trump's executive order.
The state's determined efforts to execute Mark Christeson are hasty, bizarre, and troubling.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! The arrival of
Perhaps he should call his former colleagues in the Trump administration.
Trump's executive order was unclear in how it affected permanent residents, creating chaos for immigration procedures.
House members say Trump damaged sign-ups by halting ads and should give people more time.
Washington will be the first state to take on the executive order that went into effect on Friday, heightening the legal stakes surrounding the order that has sparked a global backlash.
More companies are speaking out against the restrictions President Donald Trump issued on Friday.
Protests abound.
Dan Donovan's district is home to one of New York City's largest Syrian communities.
\u201cI don\u2019t see him as a crier,\u201d the president said.
Rep. Tom Price incorrectly said the discounted stock was \available to every single individual that was an investor at the time.\
Andy Slavitt wants the new administration and Congress to slow down and find real solutions.
The order does not address the basic purpose of regulations, which is to protect the public.
We asked Japanese-Americans, some of whom were in prison camps, to reflect on Donald Trump.
The lawsuit could affect many others rejected over their citizenship status.
Lawyers and lawmakers say customs officials aren't letting green card holders access attorneys.
Trump is inspiring young Democrats to get into politics.
Progressives increasingly want to see Democratic senators oppose every single Trump nominee.
\Do something right.\
The shooters weren't tied to any of the countries targeted in the ban.
The page appeared to have been scrubbed after the inauguration.
Trump previously said he wanted to ban Muslims from coming to the U.S.
Trump\u2019s spokesman misrepresented changes that elevate Steve Bannon over Joint Chiefs chairman and director of national intelligence.
cc
Organizers were slammed with emails from Planned Parenthood supporters.
Demonstrations were planned in cities across the country.
It \sends a signal, intended or not, that America does not want Muslims coming into our country,\ they said.
\It is illegal, it is unconstitutional, and it will be overturned,\ Sen. Elizabeth Warren said of Trump's executive order.
A federal judge temporarily stopped elements of the executive order on Saturday.
\u201cIf you\u2019re an American citizen traveling back and forth to Libya, you\u2019re likely to be subjected to further questioning when you come into the airport.\
Customs officials aren't letting green card holders talk to lawyers.
\This is not who we are.\
He got what he wanted.
The president did not specifically mention the Jewish people or anti-Semitism.
\I was stopped many times after 9/11,\ she said.
Photos show thousands of demonstrators taking to the streets to defend those affected by the travel ban.
The boisterous rally included a stop outside the Trump International Hotel.
\u201cWe are committed to working to ensure that as few people as possible suffer from the chaotic situation that it has created.\u201d
The gold medalist is worried he won't be able to reunite with his family in Portland.
Demonstrators chanted \refugees are welcome here\ and \love trumps hate.\
It appears that many in the influential group aren't brave enough to stand up to the president.
Drivers slam the president's \inhumane and unconstitutional ban.\
They're worried the policy will have detrimental effects on the overseas fight against terrorism.
\We ought to take a deep breath and come up with something that makes sense.\
\It's a small price to pay,\ she said.
The Trump administration continues its threats toward the media.
The house-sharing site joined companies like Google, Facebook and Lyft in condemning the president's actions.
Mollie Reilly reported from San Francisco, Kim Bellware in Chicago, Daniel Marans and Ben Walsh from D.C., and Omar Kasrawi
It's way more extensive than he wants you to think.
The company's apology is \too little too late,\ one customer tweeted.
We can only hope America doesn\u2019t follow in the footsteps of many other once great nations.
Do not allow yourself to become desensitized or fatigued.
Could you feel it in the air you breathe how much more secure America was after the last 48 hours?
This has triggered a spontaneous reaction to protect human rights.
Start small, stay local, and don\u2019t feel required to do more than you can.
Robert A. Chesnut, Ph.D., author of Transforming the Mainline Church, co-authored this piece. Full disclosure
A little known fact from the tragic San Bernardino terror incident perfectly captures the essence of why Americans of Iranian
President Trump has encouraged suspicion against all Muslims.
The Democratic Party, and a fiercely independent press, must not fail us.
I don't do bullshit piety. I don't get weepy when celebrities I don't know die and I don't buy into sanctimonious nonsense
We can expect that our domestic civil rights will go right out the window.
Last week it was reported in an ABC News interview Donald Trump believes that torture or waterboarding does in fact work
Perhaps Trump will next appear before Christ on the cross to complain about how he's being crucified in the press.
These powerful images show Americans everywhere rallying against the president's immigration crackdown.
The boy was separated from his mother for hours as part of an order targeting \radical Islamic terrorists.\
\u201cThis is not the America that I know.\u201d
\This is stone cold crazy. After a week of crazy.\
There is a real \u201cright to life\u201d that has nothing to do with abortion. Universal access, not just to \u201caffordable,\u201d but the
\u201cThis order was mean-spirited and un-American.\
Californians are democratically disadvantaged in every part of the federal government.
He said Trump wanted him to figure out how to do it legally.
In addition to New York, federal judges in Virginia, Seattle and Boston sounded off against the ban.
Donald Trump\u2019s father was arrested at a Klan riot. Most of the national media studiously avoided printing that simple declarative
The president's latest Twitter rant against the Times marked another attack in his so-called \running war with the media.\
He is so insecure about America's strength and about his own resolve to deal with any sudden unforeseen strikes that he feels he must demonstrate a faux command at our borders or otherwise, he believes, he will be seen as a failure.

Given his far-reaching popularity with Americans and people abroad, it's far past time for President Obama to break tradition and his silence.
Thousands of academics have signed a petition calling the order \detrimental\ to U.S. interests.
The people there are going to \stand up stronger and say no.\
The Statue of Liberty is crying, Nancy Pelosi said.
Most GOP members aren't talking about it at all.
Parts of Trump's anti-Muslim ban were halted Saturday night.
The president ordered the joint chiefs of staff to come up with a plan fast.
People are being turned away at airports.
The trial against the two psychologists accused of developing the George W. Bush-era torture program is set for June.
The ban affects travelers with passports from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen.
Phillips has been accused of government ethics breaches.
The federal hiring freeze means people who thought they have positions no longer do.
Proposed bills would roll back a range of safety requirements.
Maybe we shouldn't let him down.
Protesters say they want to protect public education.
Trump has kept his public comments on DACA vague.
\We are a nation of immigrants, and we all benefit when the best and brightest from around the world can live, work and contribute here.\
But Paul Ryan is speaking up -- in favor of a Muslim ban he used to condemn.
\u201cWe don\u2019t want to admit into our country the very threats we are fighting overseas,\ Trump said.
His ultimate undoing will be his fragile ego and its inability to accept reality.
Since the 1979 revolution, the US and Iranian governments have always had their differences, but US policy has generally
Dear President Trump, We, as a people, fiercely condemn your xenophobia, your prejudice, and your hate. We fiercely condemn
Donald Trump\u2019s first week as president of the United States is in the bag, and what a week it\u2019s been. He came in promising
Donald Trump\u2019s first week as the president of the United States of America has been an eventful one.
Last weekend, protesters took to the streets of Washington D.C. for the inauguration of America\u2019s 45th President, Donald
You are welcome to download and share \u201cTattoo\u201d
In his first few days, he has determined that the rights to determine what is sacred are the federal government\u2019s to decide.
Call your reps, give them names, and ask them to pressure the Secretaries of State and Homeland Security to do the same.
Missing worker protection page appears to be latest Trump administration purge.
The proposal is unlikely to reduce illegal immigration or create a more secure border.
This is what President Donald Trump's awful immigration ban looks like.
More evidence that the ban makes no sense.
On Holocaust Remembrance Day, it's worth actually remembering the Holocaust.
Her story is a warning about the tragic consequences of turning desperate people away.
\We don\u2019t want them here,\u201d he said.


Have you been keeping up with the week's news?
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! The March For
Vicente Fox said he's reminded of the time the countries spent fighting in the 1800s.
The Senate minority leader slammed the former Exxon Mobil chief's Russia ties the same day Donald Trump plans to talk to Vladimir Putin about sanctions.
But he still wants to temporarily stop all refugees, of any religion, from coming to the U.S.
President Donald Trump kept up his criticism of Mexico on Friday, saying it \u201chas taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough
The president signed a document on live TV, but didn't say what's in it.
Moscow could be rewarded for hacking the election.
He ordered the government to halt ads and emails, which could mean fewer signups and higher premiums.
His statement also never actually mentions the Jewish people.
From the 1930s to the present day, the public has often opposed taking in people fleeing violence.
The role of educating people about the health care law shifts to the media as the enrollment deadline nears.
With Donald Trump's troubling executive order threatening Muslims and immigrants, time is of the essence.
Many other mayors say they'll resist the president's threat to cut federal funds.
Republicans are pushing back on demonstrations amid rising tensions in the era of President Donald Trump.
The president of Mexico has said his country won't pay for the wall.
Langer is a German citizen, and heard the story from someone else.
\I\u2019m not going to get into quibbling over whether they should or shouldn\u2019t pay for it.\
Relatively few supporters of either 2016 candidate think the government does too much for people like them.
\I almost didn't want to come,\ one said.
The president is expected to name a replacement for the late  justice next week.
Sorry, avocado lovers.
Three of the Lone Star State's voting DNC members are backing his candidacy for committee chair.
\What's going on?\ the president asked about the made-up murders.
The spill comes amid a heated debate over oil pipeline safety in the United States.
Not all growing pains are considered equal.
\u201cThey tried to cancel this conference but it is going forward anyway,\u201d Gore said.
They're just figuring out this is going to be hard.
Dozens of \rogue agency\ sites fight back.
Since 2015, Republican Governor Bruce Rauner has feuded with the Democratic-led state legislature, leaving Illinois as the only U.S. state to go 19 months without a complete budget.
And it's just the first week.
Can he possibly maintain the independent streak that propelled him to victory?
Hint
So many friends this week feeling unsettled. Headaches. Restless nights. Upset stomachs. It\u2019s amazing what havoc this new
In my small West Virginia town this week, all the Democrats in the U.S. Senate saw with their own eyes what democracy looks
Dear President Trump, I can\u2019t wait for you to make the stunning move you\u2019ve clearly been planning for months. In one fell
If Trump truly intends to end unnecessary violence, he must listen to the voices of Native American water protectors
But for environmentalists, this may be too little too late.
The freeze is supposed to end by Friday, but has still left people worried about paying their bills and pursuing their work.
Andrew Puzder's confirmation hearing has been pushed back once again.
Last year, it was all they would talk about.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! We just registered
Lawmakers want to keep unlimited lobbyist gifts, dark money and no independent ethics oversight.
A majority also thinks that Trump and Mexican President Enrique Pe\u00f1a Nieto will have a bad relationship.
President Enrique Pe\u00f1a Nieto has said Mexico will not pay for a wall on the U.S. border.
The president's plan to construct the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines with American-made steel may be illegal under the WTO.
The former secretary of state will stand in solidarity if Trump starts registering people.
\If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.\u201d
True critics of discrimination don't suggest it would be OK if only it were aimed at more people.
Rexnord Corporation apparently isn't scared of a Trump tweet.
\u201cYou can\u2019t just delete a past administration\u2019s work. It\u2019s part of our history.\u201d
Immigration from Mexico is actually on the decline.
\Scientific research moves us forward and we should not allow asinine policies to thwart it,\ an organizer wrote.
Newly minted activists want Democrats in Washington to actually fight against Trump -- or get out of the way.
Trump suggested that Obama won, in part, because of voter fraud.
Meet the women who are both anti-Trump and anti-abortion.
The president's supporters don't think the government should try to aid everyone in the country, a HuffPost/YouGov survey finds.
Savory, greasy revenge.
But Barack Obama was president then, and Democrats would have gotten immigration reform in return. Now there's nothing in it for them, and they can block it.
An unexpected twist in one of the country's oldest constitutional debates.
The president and his administration have been twisting the research to support a lie that millions of people voted illegally.
\u201cWhen you signal to the industry, \u2018Totally go to town, do whatever you want, you\u2019re safe with us,\u2019 they will.\
Michael Botticelli says the ACA has helped to combat the country's opioid epidemic.
But you know what did surge after Trump's election? Hate crimes.
Larger black and Latino populations seem to spark state GOP action, too.
\What the hell is going on,\ indeed?
Andrew Puzder served on the board of an industry lobby that sued to stop Obama's overtime reforms. Senate Democrats say that's a problem.
Still, there may be other protections available to them.
An email shows the staffer is one of 15 joining the Education Department.
From refugees to Syrian \safe zones.\
If enacted, American consumers will pay more.
By Sarah Drumm It has been almost two months since I traveled to the Standing Rock Reservation in North Dakota where tens
Becoming an American citizen was important to me in ways I had not imagined.
I awoke Monday morning to see that one of Mississippi's state senators, Chris McDaniel, felt compelled to disgrace himself
The South Carolina governor was backed by Ninety-six senators, with four opposing her.
And he plans to make an announcement about building a border wall.
\u201cThe sun has risen this morning on a new America, but it isn\u2019t Donald Trump\u2019s,\ one activist said.
\I am deeply concerned about your lack of support for the military,\ McCain told him.
They want to remind you about the incarceration of Japanese Americans during WWII.
\We don\u2019t torture; we haven\u2019t tortured,\ she insisted.
Evidently it was just a crazy idea they had.
\u201cThe federal government must foster an environment where employee disclosures are welcomed.\
If you ignore it hard enough, it'll probably just go away.
The document details how the president plans to deliver on his campaign promise of a Muslim ban.
Post-inauguration talk of stealing Iraqi oil and restricting Muslim entry to the U.S. makes ISIS's job easier.
Schools, roads or hospitals, for example.
The president plans to make good on one of his most discriminatory campaign promises.
The Trump administration is preparing executive orders that would clear the way to drastically reduce the United States\u2019 role
The new president\u2019s 140-character habit forces the White House\u2019s spokesman to offer dramatically different messages less than 24 hours apart.
The \u201cdemonization\u201d of Muslims and Mexicans recalls Jews\u2019 treatment during the Holocaust, the center\u2019s leader says.
Membership fees at Trump's Mar-A-Lago Club doubled earlier this month.
Senators get that progressives want a fight, but they want to be pragmatic.
She said she even prayed for him because of it.
Remember when the Obamacare replacement was going to be simultaneous with the repeal?
He added that he has \never been charged with domestic violence.\
\You can take our official twitter, but you'll never take our free time!\
Our collection of the best stories from around the web today.
\All available evidence suggests that the 2016 general election was not tainted by fraud or mistake,\ Trump's lawyers wrote in a filing last month.
\u201cI hope decisions aren\u2019t made in a vacuum and that there is a reach out to the governors,\ said Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval.
Rep. Jason Chaffetz led a vote to block what he called a \gotcha amendment.\
Agencies are taking their own steps to address \inappropriate use of social media,\ the press secretary says.
\Your recommendation is that we should deny 2\u00bd million women their choice of health care.\
He suggested women at the march weren't attractive enough to be sexually assaulted.
That's not a great sign for voting rights protection.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Donald Trump
His latest conspiracy theory about widespread voter fraud empowers voter suppression efforts.
\u00af\\_(\u30c4)_/\u00af
The White House spokesman has made vague statements about a program Trump vowed during the campaign to kill.
Organizing tools from the Action Network are proving instrumental for activists.
This would be the latest move to erase former President Barack Obama\u2019s climate change initiatives.
Oklahoma is deeply and historically tied to oil and gas.
Friday, January 20th 2017. The Inauguration of the 45th President was an emotional day. Many in this country experienced
We need to read together, learn together, be in the streets together and stand up to this assault together.
During the presidential campaign, Donald Trump declared he would \u201cimmediately\u201d resume waterboarding and would \u201cbring back
The Georgia congressman pressed Medicare officials on a funding change that led to a windfall for a company run by one of his top campaign contributors
From freezing the hiring of federal workers to saying he lost the popular vote because of \illegals.\
This is our reality.
In a survey of 50,000 teens, some 70 percent reported abusive behavior across months of a notably angry presidential campaign.
Dayton told reporters his outlook is good.
The move calms the foreign policy establishment, but may hurt the senator's own political future.
Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan could be facing a showdown with Trump over infrastructure spending.
Sen. Mitch McConnell would only say that \the notion that election fraud is a fiction is not true.\u201d
The president promises to boost oil and coal, but Americans' interest in renewable energy is growing.
Rep. Mick Mulvaney (R-S.C.) avoided contradicting the president and his advisers, however.
Some lawmakers had concerns he might expand surveillance.
The clean energy titan may be playing politics since joining President Donald Trump's economic advisory team.
Much like their national counterparts, they're not eager for oversight.
He retained his ownership shares, so nothing really changed.
The wrestler is the son-in-law of WWE co-founder Linda McMahon, Trump's pick to head the Small Business Administration.
\I will give Dr. Carson the benefit of the doubt based on commitments he has made to me,\ Brown said.
The plan is very hazy, but it's different than what other Republicans have proposed.
A federal judge concludes the company was trying to push through a controversial merger.
Sonny Perdue was governor when contaminated peanut paste spread to 46 states.
It's not a possible conflict of interest. It's an actual conflict of interest.
\California is not turning back. Not now, not ever,\ he promised.
Staff have been told to stop talking to Congress and the press.
Top policy priorities include terrorism and the economy
Why does he keep saying this?
Stay bad, Badlands.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Sean Spicer called
Where did these folders go?
Mary Bochanis, 92, is the Red Cross' longest-serving volunteer, but she still makes it home to catch her soaps.
That doesn't mean there aren't doubts and partisan divides.
They had a friendly meeting at a reception over the weekend.
\u201cI\u2019m not sure why he brought it up.\
Rep. Tom Price never revealed the deal to the Office of Government Ethics.
The environmental group hoped the Florida senator would show more backbone.
The press secretary also pointed to the president's meeting with MLK III as evidence he's serious about civil rights.
Climate science denial \will put American businesses at a disadvantage and make our country a more dangerous place to live,\ the letter reads.
And he wants to raise the retirement age.
Anyone hoping the confirmation hearings for Rep. Tom Price (R-Ga.) would illuminate what happens next on health care will be disappointed.
Rep. Steve King's estimate still falls short of Donald Trump's, however.
It is important for us to keep fighting for reform before cruel and unusual punishment becomes confused with \u201claw and order.\
\u201cDespite my reservations, I will support Mr. Tillerson\u2019s nomination in committee and in the full Senate,\u201d Rubio said in a statement.
Democrats want to know if it's making money now that he's president.
That's a lotta white dudes.
\u201cThe tornadoes were vicious and powerful and strong and they suffered greatly.\
\u201cWe have achieved a landmark settlement in a civil rights case that advances the cause of justice,\u201d said a lawyer for the plaintiffs.
From TPP to the individual mandate.
Just 33 percent agree with Manning's commutation.
Seven protesters in Chicago were arrested for stopping traffic and blocking streets.
File under
\What else are they willing to stretch the truth about?\
The sparring with the media has dominated Trump\u2019s first weekend in office, eclipsing debate over policy and Cabinet appointments.
The new White House press secretary deferred to the Pentagon but left the door open for future collaboration.
\u201cGreat thing for the American worker,\u201d Trump said as he signed the order on his third full day in office.
The lawsuit will accuse Trump of allowing his businesses to accept payments from foreign governments, in violation of the U.S. Constitution.
Welcome to the wilderness.
All men.
The president said on Sunday he planned talks soon with the leaders of Canada and Mexico to begin renegotiating NAFTA.
Because accountability and, you know, science matter.
The jewelry line is now mentioned only generally on the website.
But Rabbi Marvin Hier isn't fazed by the hateful messages from \kooks and neo-Nazis.\
The new president claims climate change is a hoax. The CDC, at least under Obama, considered it a public health crisis.
The former president has been treated for more than a week for pneumonia.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! In his first press
How much control over his stock trading did Price actually have?
That's not how facts work.
They didn't see the wealthy nominee's full financial info until after her confirmation hearing.
Sonny Perdue wrote in 2014 that \ridiculous\ climate warnings have become a \running joke.\
Along with an Afro pick, chocolate milk and cereal.
The controversial site is now apparently on the attack against the president.
The demonstrators were angered by steep hikes in gas prices in Mexico.
If only Karl had taken his own advice!
The health secretary nominee belonged to a physicians group that opposes current vaccine policy.
But Chief Justice John Roberts signaled that this is not the end of the road for the case.
Donald Trump\u2019s health care campaign promises stand in stark contrast with the policies proposed by his administration. Moving
Since the election, I\u2019ve engaged in countless conversations with friends and family about Trump\u2019s presidency. Generally, they
McCain and other senators had been concerned about Tillerson's ties to Russia.
He is the chief of staff to a man who pushed the birther conspiracy about President Barack Obama for years.
\Donald Trump doesn't scare me,\ said 18-year-old Yasmin Seid.
The number is well into the millions.
Both missed President Donald Trump's inauguration due to health problems.
It served as a potent symbol and lightning rod for the marchers.
Seventy-four percent of Americans want Trump to release his tax returns.
\Alternative facts are not facts, they\u2019re falsehoods.\
The senator had questioned the ethics of Obama nominees.
The administration could target the individual mandate, throwing markets into disarray.
Debates about inaugural crowd size drowned out more weighty matters.
She was upset no one called her first and said, \Hey, could we have a dialogue?\
The election has only strengthened activists' convictions.
\u201cI find it somewhat amusing that you\u2019re attacking the establishment when the establishment is sitting right behind you.\
The chief of staff also called former CIA Director John Brennan \bitter.\
We would like to thank Mr. Obama for giving us a great eight years.
Here\u2019s some truth white women need to hear.
Facebook, and social media in general, has changed the world.
Racism exists, and we have work to do.
When my husband I started planning a birthday trip to Isla Mujeres, Mexico, the idea of a Trump presidency was on a distant
January 21, 2017. This date will be remembered in history as the day the people spoke. On this day millions of us rose up
On Friday, during protests against Donald Trump\u2019s inauguration, \u201calt-right\u201d founder and actual-literal-Nazi-Richard-Spencer
The inauguration of a dauntingly new political era is closely coinciding with the start of the new year.
What isn\u2019t high on the agenda is calling out the 45th President of the United States for being ill-prepared, unfocused, and self-absorbed.
On Saturday, more than four million people participated in the Women\u2019s March on Washington and its sister marches across
I get it. Donald Trump is now, in a very literal sense, the President of the United States. But that\u2019s not the point. That
She would be the first Secretary of Education in our history to be hostile to public education.
4. This is not just women\u2019s fight. 9. There\u2019s always a silver lining. 10. When they go low, we go high. 5. Age is on our
A politician with no future poses a danger to the nation and the world.
Thankfully, some reporters are calling them out on it.
More of the best of the best.
Trump previously denounced the agency for finding that Russia was supporting his candidacy with emails hacks.
The first was Barack Obama's inauguration in 2009.
\u201cThe first thing he asked us point-blank is, \u2018Are you anti- or pro-Trump?\u2019\u201d one Canadian recalled.
This weekend was perhaps the beginning of a bigger challenge ahead for us all, but I see it, not as something to fear or
Hitler was the first to describe the technique of telling a lie so often that people believed it. He called it the \Big Lie.\
Merriam-Webster reminds the president's adviser that facts, by definition, are based in reality.
The propaganda technique Trump supporters use to criticize protestors and ignore the issues they\u2019re protesting
Under Representative Steve King\u2019s (R-IA) proposed law, \u201cIf a heartbeat is detected, the baby is protected.\u201d [1] The pregnant
The president spoke to CIA agents in unprepared remarks that included a suggestion to violate international law.
\u201cI am really sorry that I am still protesting this stuff.\
\I want to hold him accountable for how he treats women,\ said one demonstrator.
\Human rights are women's rights, and women's rights are human rights.\ -- Hillary Clinton
Hours after the inauguration, lawmakers said they would try to protect Dreamers from the new president's policies.
\u201cWe know that it is right for this nation to prioritize women\u2019s issues.\
He also signed the commissions for   James Mattis and John Kelly.
Sure, he can keep all those promises. He won, didn't he?
This is one Obama legacy Trump might regret preserving.
It cited the president's broad authority to hire White House staff.
Fascism, hippie-punching and cocktails at the DeploraBall.
Organizers of the event upped their crowd estimate from 200,000 to 500,000.
\u201cMr. Trump, we are here to end the Trump carnage\
Texas governor threatens to cut state funds hours after the new policy is announced.
The president just advocated for a clear violation of international law.
Some marched with family members or people from their districts.
Barack Obama's 2009 inauguration drew a television audience of 38 million.
Better off? Worse off? There's a wide partisan gap.
\Worst front page in the country this AM,\ he wrote on Twitter.
An estimated 60,000 people gathered in Atlanta today to participate in the Atlanta March for Social Justice and Women. Part
\u201cWomen responding to racism means women responding to anger; the anger of exclusion, of unquestioned privilege, of racial
Let me tell you why the American political turmoil is your problem, even if you are not American. \u2028You do not have to be
There are many reasons for Donald Trump\u2019s electoral victory\u2014some trivial, some not\u2014but one of the most important is America\u2019s
The difference could not be starker between Trump\u2019s approach to governance and Barack Obama\u2019s.
In his inaugural address, President Trump singled out radical Islamic terrorism as the sole enemy. He did not even mention
Trump talks anti-establishment but is putting together the most elite business cabinet in history.
When Donald Trump shows up for work next week, it\u2019s anyone\u2019s guess as to what he will do. Over the past month, many reporters
Until the winter of 1917, the hallmark of American government had been limited federal power. With the entrance of the United
I didn't watch the inauguration. If you know what a news and political junkies we are in this house, this was big. News are
In a country that is politically and ideologically divided, a united voice was heard, one day after the inauguration of our
Calls for the authorities to pursue charges have fallen on deaf ears.
Surprise! That woman is Hillary Rodham Clinton, and the election she \u2018lost\u2019 and subsequent inauguration of the demagogue
She said she wants women to use Donald Trump's presidency as motivation to fight.
Politics is personal for some of the women protesting Donald Trump in D.C.
Obama\u2019s Final Honeymoon Ends Well America now has a new president, meaning (among other things) it is time to take one final
Too many LOLs.
The department temporarily suspended all its accounts.
Pussy power!
He accused them of inaccurately reporting the size of Donald Trump's inaugural crowds. They didn't.
Now that's global solidarity.
\Democrats are in their worst electoral position since the Civil War.\
Woof if you want equality!
It happened shortly after Trump's inauguration.
While Congress debates, the incoming president instructed a key agency to interpret rules loosely.
It's official.
The number of planned protests and rallies this year is far above what has been typical at recent presidential inaugurations.
As in past years, most view the event as a politicized celebration.
Johnson first contributed hundreds of thousands of dollars to Jeb Bush, then backed Trump.
Eighty-eight senators approved Kelly and just 11 opposed him.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Donald Trump\u2019s
The solemn public vow could change him. It may also mean absolutely nothing to him.
Donald Trump is preparing to sign executive actions that can be implemented without the input of Congress.
The big clue could be found in the people sitting near him.
Seems like a pretty dope way to promote federal marijuana legalization.
The department is expected to reverse course under Donald Trump and support states that back voter ID laws.
\For showing us that there is strength in kindness.\
Clinton received a standing ovation.
The final polls of the Obama Era shed light on how Americans rate the last eight years, and what they expect to happen in the next four.
Many said they would heed the president\u2019s call to action and organize in the Trump era.
\u201cWe did it!\u201d
The former Democratic presidential nominee arrived at the event with her husband, former President Bill Clinton.
A public defender has accused the county sheriff department of intentionally hiding and possibly destroying evidence.
After a surprise election victory, he takes the oath of office from Chief Justice John Roberts.
It might give you a little hope for the next four years.
Koch Industries, Exxon Mobil and Lyft are just a few of those sponsoring the parties.
They said to be \louder than ever\ and \never stop struggling.\
Presumably to discuss the oath of office.
He was approved hours after Trump took the oath of office.
Donald Trump is about to become the 45th president of the United States.
Trump supporters danced and drank to celebrate an incoming president that they said would shake up a city that they saw as corrupt, complacent and out of touch.
How closely have you been following the week's top stories?
\u201cSometimes he\u2019s right, in all fairness.\
Two \designated survivors\ were selected for Friday's event.
How to keep in touch with @POTUS and @FLOTUS post-Inauguration.
\We have no idea what this guy's gonna do,\ one cover reads.
We didn't start the fire. Conner did.
Americans didn\u2019t really like him as a nominee. They still don\u2019t like him as he takes the oath of office.
Hundreds of thousands of would-be homeowners will be hit with higher costs.
The hacktivists vow to expose ties to Russian criminals.
Friday was a triumphant day for the new president -- but you wouldn't know it from his angry, conspiratorial address.
\u201cThe Trump Administration will be a law and order administration.\
Two men who don't agree on politics are spending the day at the inauguration. And they're fine. Really.
Critics worry Donald Trump's pick for education secretary would let public schools crumble and charter schools run free.
The civil liberties group laid out a seven-point plan to protect Americans' rights in the Trump era.
But it's too early to freak out about certain pages disappearing forever.
\This has never been about us. It has always been about you.\
A national landmark in quiet transition.
Top Trump officials, however, described the transition as having gone smoothly.
Now it vows to stop Obama's climate plan and revive the coal industry.
Even some Republicans were nonplussed by a brief address that bashed lawmakers.
Even if they wouldn\u2019t say as much.
The White House announcement came less than 24 hours before Donald Trump takes office.
Other members of his committee were not having it.
The fight for DNC chair continues.
Conflicts of interest? What conflicts of interest?
And they're expecting even more.
This guy worked as Donald Trump's campaign manager for over a year.
Obama got seven, but Sen. Chuck Schumer says it's Donald Trump's own fault for picking a \swamp cabinet.\
The former Texas governor disavowed Trump's request for a list of employees working on climate change.
Donald Trump\u2019s victory has one-third of Americans more stressed out, a poll says.
Since 1988, every president has included at least one Latino in the group.
This should get interesting.
The Wikileaks founder can stay in the country's London embassy, despite concerns he was meddling in the U.S. election.
They transferred 201 detainees, but the president didn't keep his promise to shut down Guantanamo.
\u201cHe stands for the opposite of an open society,\ the hedge fund manager said.
How an Asian-American band's trademark battle aims to reclaim derogatory names -- and the First Amendment.
Trump's pick to head the Department of Energy says his 2011 comments \do not reflect my current thinking.\u201d
At the DNC debate, one candidate sees a path of obstruction.
Three of the president-elect's nominees admitted to wrongdoing this week.
Rank-and-file voters are angry, but nobody told the candidates.
\Automation is relentless and it\u2019s going to accelerate.\
Fireworks were on display at the debate featuring candidates for Democratic National Committee chair.
This is what to watch for over the next few days as Donald Trump becomes the 45th president of the United States.
The energy secretary nominee isn't feeling the heat of global warming, and he's certainly not feeling the Bern.
Movie buff in chief.
He wrote the president-elect one of his famously gracious notes.
\We\u2019ll have to just have to pick the people to go into the room - I\u2019m sure other people will be thrilled about that.\
President-elect Donald Trump takes office on Friday.
\I want him to see exactly what his opposition looks like. When he sees me, I want him to see The Resistance,\u201d Rep. Gwen Moore said.
But this is not what Republican plans would do.
EPA nominee Scott Pruitt believes his personal beliefs on climate change are \immaterial.\ Sanders disagrees.
Steven Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs executive, is \u201cthe poster child for how Trump is betraying America\u2019s working families,\ they say.
The New Hampshire Democratic Party chair is hoping experience beats charisma.
Trump's pick for HHS secretary admitted he, not an independent financial adviser, chose to buy stock in a biotech firm.
The hypothetical reference occurred during a hearing in a First Amendment case.
Donald Trump's nominee for Health and Human Services secretary invested in health care companies while working on legislation to help them.
Ah, the great outdoors. Deer frolic. Trout leap from streams. Heavily polluting fuel gurgles.
The billionaire nominee for commerce secretary agreed to sell his own assets.
Biden's gonna Biden.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! President Obama
Democrats take issue with what they say is a hurried, incomplete confirmation process.
His numbers are the highest they\u2019ve been since early in his first term.
Activists say Steve Mnuchin ran a \foreclosure machine.\
Well, this is awkward.
The president has commuted 1,385 sentences, the most of any president in history.
Ireland's Paddy Power is also taking bets on Trump leaving office early.
Four more people face questions today.
The Green Climate Fund deposit comes just three days before Trump's inauguration.
\The purpose is clear
Scott Pruitt wouldn't acknowledge on Wednesday that human activity is the principal cause of climate change.
Especially if he's from the other party.
A GOP favorite, she was a frequent critic of the president-elect during his campaign for the White House.
The engine maker could be the first in a line of corporate dominoes.
Yes, election polls had problems. But the president-elect shouldn\u2019t dismiss what they show now.
Ignore the press releases and speeches. The tweets are the key to what he's thinking.
Sen. Kamala Harris grilled Pruitt about his \mediocre\ 1-6 record suing the agency Donald Trump wants him to lead.
Sens. Tim Kaine and Maggie Hassan were beside themselves at her confirmation hearing during a back-and-forth over students with disabilities.
The DNC chair candidate has picked up big endorsements in Michigan and Wisconsin.
The candidates who hope to shape the Democratic Party's future will face off at 7 p.m. EST.
They received at least 20 threats on Wednesday.
Obama said he would speak out \if I saw systematic discrimination being ratified in some fashion.\
It was part of a long grilling Senate Democrats gave Betsy DeVos in her confirmation hearing.
Betsy DeVos said some schools might need them to fend off grizzly bears.
Really?!?
\u201cThere is an ugly history to that that we should not be shy about talking about.\
\I don\u2019t see how you can be the secretary of education.\
The billionaire private equity mogul may face some uncomfortable questions at his confirmation hearing.
The employee had worked for Ross for years.
It wasn't a trick question.
An investigation.
Mosques are joining the religious effort to shield undocumented immigrants from deportation.
All is not lost.
They're all from the '60s and '70s. ...The 1860s and '70s.
The Confederate general's birthday was given for some business closures in Arkansas, Alabama and Mississippi.
The Montana congressman, nominated for interior secretary, broke with Donald Trump on a key issue.
It's not just the national security team, either.
The oil giant, whose former CEO is up for secretary of state, is doubling its reserves in the Permian Basin.
In Washington, symbolism \u2013 and proximity \u2013 are everything.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Donald Trump\u2019s
President-elect Trump's nomination of Jeff Sessions for Attorney General suggests a climate of mercy and forgiveness will soon change.
House Speaker Paul Ryan gets less goodwill from the GOP base.
\u201cThis isn\u2019t the first time Price\u2019s stock purchases have raised questions.\
The candidate for DNC chair joins dozens of other House Democrats snubbing Friday's ceremonies.
After nearly three years.
\It\u2019s about the peaceful transition of power,\u201d said Sen. Debbie Stabenow.
A rule that creates \priority\ ticketed seating along the route doesn't trample on protesters' speech rights.
Automakers seem eager to please the president-elect by announcing new job creation.
If you\u2019re going to build a wall, do it right.
Chinese President Xi Jinping called it a \u201chard-won achievement\u201d that \u201call signatories should stick to.\u201d
Oscar L\u00f3pez Rivera spent 35 years in prison, having never been convicted of a violent act. In May, he'll be free.
The more America learns about the consequences of repeal, the less willing the GOP may be to push it, Obama's HHS chief says.
It's on.
Trump's pick for Department of Education head faces questions about her experience at a confirmation hearing Tuesday.
Obama has now granted commutations to 1,385 individuals.
The group most likely to feel this way? Trump voters.
If your policies lead to voter suppression, you're not actually fighting for justice.
It's unclear how his team will use the official @POTUS and @WhiteHouse accounts.
And he called NATO \obsolete.\
Tom Price's stock deals resurrect concerns about powerful public officials gaining investment opportunities unavailable to the public.
\u201cOur water is not safe until all of the lead in all of our plumbing is gone,\u201d said the pediatrician who sounded the alarm.
\u201cWe will teach empathy and solidarity in the face of attempts to divide us.\
\No new foreign deals ... whatsoever\ apparently doesn't include this one.
\It took you long enough,\ the president said.
The former independent senator sits on the board of an education group funded by Betsy DeVos, Trump's anti-union education nominee.
The GOP adviser was supposed to work under Gen. Michael Flynn. Then came reports of plagiarism.
The president-elect went on the attack after John Brennan warned that Trump's unconsidered comments could threaten national security.
The president-elect isn't in charge of foreign policy or relations yet.
Only four of 2,500 elected state prosecutors in the U.S. are Asian American.
\u201cJohn Lewis is a man who literally put his life on the line to make this a better country,\ Elizabeth Warren said.
Maybe he's channeling Bernie Sanders. Or maybe he has no idea what he's saying.
He rejects calls to resign and says he just wanted \to make him mad.\
\Even though we were doing the right thing, we weren't able to mobilize public opinion firmly enough.\
\u201cThis is New York,\ the mayor tweeted on Monday. \Nothing about who we are changed on Election Day.\u201d
The outgoing president says he is ready for life as a private citizen.
This Martin Luther King Day is an especially important time for us to celebrate and emulate the principled defiance of Dr
Remembering Martin Luther King surely reminds us of the miles we\u2019ve walked, but it also forces us to admit how many miles
Eisenhower was the last non-politician to be elected president.
Hey, Americans abroad. Yes, fellow expats, I'm talking to you. Remember all that ruckus before the election about how the
As we careen, head-on, toward Jan. 20 like a locomotive with no brakes, the best tweet/meme I\u2019ve seen that humorously captures
Trump\u2019s interest is in extending the United States' imperial power\u200a. Russia\u2019s primary interest is in weakening it.
Just a little over six months ago I began the conversation with my OB/GYN about a form of permanent birth control. I have
The coincidence of the end of the Obama administration and the celebration of the life of Dr. Martin Luther King invites
Do I start with the day you declared your candidacy for President? It was 2007, and I was in another sitting room in Decatur
America\u2019s political and cultural landscapes are about to change in a drastic manner. The incoming new president of the supposedly
Eight years ago, when our kids were 7, 4 and 1, their dad started work in the West Wing of the White House. They are now
Major donors to the presidential campaign of Donald Trump must be feeling pretty high as they prepare for the world after
People have asked why Yiannopoulos matters. Simply put, because he is the direct link between the neo-Nazi alt-right movement
Womp, womp
Reince Priebus wants President Barack Obama to stand up and vouch for Donald Trump's legitimacy. Really.
\u201cI just wish that rhetoric would tone down \u2015 from both back and forth,\ said Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.).
Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt accepted over $40,000 in campaign cash from people in the poultry industry. Then he looked the other way as that industry polluted.
The congressman said it would also be \u201calmost impossible\u201d for him to work with the president-elect.
Bernie Sanders and other Senate Democrats addressed a crowd of thousands in Warren, Michigan.
The President-Elect also criticized Moscow for its role in Syria.
\u201cA lot of people in Latin America, a lot of my colleagues, are nervous about it,\u201d the country\u2019s minister of foreign affairs said.
But it took repeated questioning by the host to get Pence to finally answer the question.
The president-elect's characterization of the area in and around Atlanta was not very accurate.
\I think that Comey acted in an outrageous way during the campaign.\
\Am I the ONLY one man enough to confront this #OverratedFlunkyLoser?\
As more and more states go legal, more opportunities for testing will open up.
I wasn\u2019t going to watch it \u2015 the swearing in. And for my political science-loving heart, that\u2019s saying a lot. For nearly
Let\u2019s start with the premise that we all want American schools to be better. In an era when the left and the right are constantly
Sessions' record speaks louder than his testimony.
The President-elect is now labeling any news coverage he\u2019s not happy with as \u201cfake.\u201d
Dear President-Elect Trump, I am not a Democrat or a Republican, I am just someone who cares about the future of our country
At his turbulent his news event last Wednesday (I won\u2019t dignify it by calling it a news conference), Trump reiterated that
When it comes to the 58th Presidential Inauguration, protest and resistance continue to appear in many different forms. From
More than being factually inaccurate, it is genuinely fucked up to chalk all of socialist thought up to white men given the
The director has called for Donald Trump to fully divest his assets before he assumes the presidency.
As we celebrate Rev. Martin Luther King\u2019s birthday, on the eve of Donald Trump\u2019s inauguration as president, it is important
Foreign governments could still line his pockets in lots of ways.
Constituents inundated Rep. Mike Coffman at a meeting in his Colorado district.

The saga of Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin seems to get more complex and less clear each week.
\Why would anybody have sanctions if somebody\u2019s doing some really great things?\u201d
Twitter has banned both of the keynote speakers from the site for harassment.
\u201cWe stand together, not as a people of hate, but as a people of hope.\u201d
Existing federal labor law could free employees who now can't band together to sue their bosses.
William Happer also compared the \demonization of carbon dioxide\u201d to the Holocaust.
The president-elect's propensity for falsehoods looks like it will follow him into the Oval Office.
The newly elected California senator joins other Democrats opposing Donald Trump's nominee.
In the midst of the nation's drug epidemic, we have to wonder what they were thinking.
Life under constant scrutiny \has gotten pretty old,\ said the president.
Immigrant-rights advocates held more than 70 events across the country to protest the president-elect's threatened crackdown.
We know there\u2019s that pesky clause in the Constitution and all, but doesn\u2019t it seem like today would have been more appropriate
Uncovered workers are facing a frightening future.
Moving the embassy would ignite a spark that would set the region aflame.
Obamacare was not created with the U.S. Territories in mind. As the Trump Administration and Congress act to repeal and replace
Next week, two things will happen. On January 16, we will celebrate the birthday of Martin Luther King, Jr. and his vision
\u201cIt does appear that GSA is out of the loop on this.\
The president-elect's claim that the civil rights icon is \all talk\ did not go over well.
Surely the president-elect has more pressing priorities than posting tweets?
Today\u2019s Republicans want to avoid political accountability by destroying Social Security and Medicare without leaving clear fingerprints.
Robert Smalls was among the greatest Americans. His story is finally being told.
It's aimed at Dakota Access protesters, and it doesn't bode well.
Outgoing Indiana Governor Mike Pence will be sworn in as Vice-President of the United States on January 20th. Pence has been criticized for a variety of reasons recently, but one area that deserves more attention is his environmental racism.
The Rashomon effect says no - there can indeed be multiple truths - all valid depending upon the frame used to make sense out of a situation.
A federal court has found enough evidence against ExxonMobil to require the company to face trial for its complicity in human rights egregious abuses in Indonesia.
On the night of the college football championship game, I talked to Russ. He is an avid (and loud) Bama fan, the more so due to being fairly toasted already even before the coin toss. He is a blue-collar Trump supporter; he talked a lot about \handouts\; about how Hillary lies.
My wife and I watched President Obama's farewell speech last night - both of us deeply feeling the loss of sanity, courtesy, and good will that he takes with him when he and his family depart the White House.
As I watched Donald Trump's press conference on Wednesday morning, a performance reminiscent of PT Barnum, I was reminded of a different Dr. Seuss masterwork
The problem with Betsy DeVos is not simply that she has bad ideas or misguided notions about how to strengthen America's public schools, or that her solutions for getting public education in America back on track are different from yours or mine.
Well, here we go.
\u201cIt is up to us to act as an independent check on the executive branch.\u201d
\She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states.\
Leading the charge
Trump will be sworn in by conservative Chief Justice John Roberts.
The Russian leader has very low favorability ratings across all groups.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Donald Trump lost
\u201cI think the Russians participated in helping this man get elected,\ the civil rights icon said of Trump.
\u201cBecause of the Affordable Care Act, I\u2019m standing here today.\
\I think it\u2019s a very scary time for anyone who breathes or who values our democracy.\
And the future of health care.
But that\u2019s not necessarily making us any safer.
Not being racist should be the bare minimum requirement -- not the bar -- for serving as the nation's chief law enforcement official.
The president-elect said \the word is now out\ that companies shouldn't offshore jobs, but they're still doing it.
The complicated math of counting to 218.
\Echo chambers of falsehoods are not inevitable,\ a Human Rights Watch report says.
The calls raise fresh questions among some U.S. officials.
The panel will investigate allegations Russia used cyber attacks to influence the 2016 election.
Dems said they were \disappointed\ and \outraged.\
Got plant-based milk alternative?
Police unions in many cities use political muscle to draft contracts that keep problem cops on the force.
\u201cIt\u2019s mind-boggling they could come up with laws like that.\u201d
The Texan Democrat is the seventh candidate to join the hotly contested chairmanship race.
Christopher Steele is now in hiding after being named as the author of the unverified report.
He said he found the president-elect \congenial and sincere.\
The outdoor apparel giant wants to pull $40 million out of the state over officials' pledge to undo President Barack Obama's conservation efforts.
Days after refusing to put his assets into a blind trust, the president-elect is meeting with the billionaire co-owner of two of his buildings.
That means you, too, Speaker Paul Ryan.
A new survey finds that most Americans disapprove of his work since the election.
His new strategy has Democrats rallying in 40 cities on Sunday.
Federal investigators found a broken accountability system and poor training.
The law and the politics of justice will never be the same.
They warn that their states would suffer, in some cases badly, without the Medicaid expansion.
The president is leaving office on a high note, but many hope his successor will take a different direction.
His agenda is  reckless and dangerous.
The DOJ had investigated Baltimore Police and found the department regularly violated civil rights.
But the Vermont senator has some tough conditions for the president-elect.
But the hard votes are still to come.
He will be advising the president-elect on cybersecurity.
But it was so easy when you knew the president would never sign it!
\I am not confident in Senator Sessions\u2019 ability to be a defender of the rights of all Americans.\
Up today
A group of Native American students say that they are being provided with a shockingly poor education.
Sen. Tammy Baldwin is behind a letter asking incoming officials to be honest about \golden parachutes\ and potential conflicts of interest.
A repeal would leave 20 million without health insurance.
How well do you know the week's top stories?
Trump might not have much respect for the norms of democracy, but ...
A group of New York merchants is challenging a state law it says misleads consumers.
Investigators are looking into whether the deputy was paid by a news outlet.
A spokesman for Trump said Le Pen would not be meeting with the president-elect.
\He\u2019s not asking for clones,\ the incoming press secretary said.
Two days of confirmation sessions show a party trying to prove \we're still the sane folks\ compared with the president-elect. And that may never work.
Scrapping Obamacare is a top priority for the Republican majorities in both chambers and Republican President-elect Donald Trump.
Rep. Mo Brooks defended the U.S. attorney general nominee from charges of racism, claiming Democrats are the ones with the race problem.
Trump's blind trust problems put his HUD nominee in a bad spot.
\This agreement will live on. It is court enforceable,\u201d Attorney General Loretta Lynch said.
Call it what you like, but the oil and gas industry receives SOMETHING that works like a subsidy.
The surprise move comes after a major uptick in Cuban migration.
Ecuador hopes the Panama Papers scandal has strengthened the case against tax havens.
It\u2019s not a video game. It\u2019s Washington in the Trump era, and we\u2019ve just seen an unsettling preview.
Related
Mike Pompeo even apologized for calling Dianne Feinstein \narcissistic\ for her work on the torture report.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Chuck Schumer
So much for economic populism.
The bills would develop new \media literacy\ standards in schools.
Reporters are supposed to ask questions at press conferences.
\I will not be celebrating or honoring an incoming president who rode racism, sexism, xenophobia and bigotry to the White House.\
Obama called for democratic participation and greater understanding, while Trump attacked the media and Hillary Clinton.
Mike Pence was on the Hill on Wednesday looking for Democratic senators to get behind Trump's eventual choice.
How the state would make up for billions in lost revenue is still a mystery.
Donald Trump's housing nominee also suggested he's against the minimum wage.
\Pattern-or-practice\ cases unveil systematic problems in agencies, not just the conduct of a few rogue cops.
In light of Donald Trump\u2019s most recent announcement that he is going to attempt to separate his political duties as president
He even quoted Atticus Finch.
\Without bolder action, our children won\u2019t have time to debate the existence of climate change -- they\u2019ll be busy dealing with its effects.\
The president-elect claims only reporters want to see his financial information. Polls say otherwise.
\These people are horrific,\ the senator said.
\Does anybody on this panel have any evidence at all, any reason to believe that there were 3 million fraudulent votes cast in this election?\u201d *Crickets*
An issue for our time.
Sen. Lamar Alexander, who chairs the health committee, wants to let skimpy insurance back on the market.
Speaking about his daughters, the president said \of all that I\u2019ve done in my life, I\u2019m most proud to be your dad.\u201d
Whether that means anything to the president-elect is to be determined.
Guess who gives more credit to Donald Trump?
\I'm just telling you it's all phony baloney garbage,\ Trump's incoming chief of staff said.
He declined the offer.
The president-elect's pick for transportation secretary also said she may be OK with tax breaks for companies that invest in these projects.
The Department of the Interior recognized 24 new sites on Wednesday.
Lawmakers emboldened by the incoming president are pushing a hard-line agenda in the new legislative session.
President Obama will look back at his legacy as he encourages supporters demoralized by the election of Donald Trump to feel optimism about the future of the country.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 Today we were
\We need someone as attorney general who is going to look out for all of us and not just for some of us.\u201d
\Wouldn't it be great for you personally if he tweeted a little bit less?\
As Oklahoma attorney general, Scott Pruitt took part in a \u201cdeeply disturbing\u201d effort defending gas and oil companies against climate fraud allegations.
Yes, he actually did that.
The fate of climate rules now lies with the Supreme Court.
\It doesn\u2019t matter how Sen. Sessions may smile, [or] how friendly he may be,\ said civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis.
\I don\u2019t want to wait,\ he said.
Trump also denied the claims, found in unverified memos reported by several media outlets.
The former Exxon Mobil CEO had a shoddy record of empowering women at the oil giant.
\I do not support a blanket-type rejection of any particular group of people,\ Donald Trump's secretary of state pick said.
The news conference comes less than 24 hours after reports alleged Russia has compromising information on Trump.
He will still retain an interest in the company.
President-elect Donald Trump's pick for secretary of state previously served as chief executive of Exxon Mobil.
\If you don\u2019t have the cojones to stand up and walk out too, that\u2019s your fault.\
The workers were paid with prepaid debit cards, which  came with fees that pushed their pay below $7.25 per hour, according to Labor Department records.
It's the last big speech of his presidency.
\Democracy can buckle when we give in to fear.\
\u201cI don\u2019t think divestiture is too high a price to pay to be the president,\ he said.
This really happened.
The FBI director commented on his agency's investigation of Clinton before the election, but now he won't do so about Trump.
A partner at the firm also helped Hillary Clinton pick a running mate.
Aw.
Obama teared up as he spoke about his \u201cbest friend.\
But business leaders are.
President Barack Obama delivered one last message of hope before a hometown crowd.
And three more appear to be siding with them.
He leaves with high ratings, but opinions remain deeply split along partisan lines.
The proposed changes include early voting and same-day voter registration.
But face tattoos are still a big no-no, like in most jobs.
An unlikely alliance.
GOP has cited supposed \death spiral\ as pretext for quick repeal.
His testimony will make history.
Stumbling in the dark, Republican lawmakers look to Trump\u2019s tweets for guidance.
The lawsuit accuses lawmakers of \u201cforcibly co-opting and perverting the informed consent process.\u201d
Donald Trump, however, has said he wants to bring it back.
Gotta repeal it before you know what you're gonna replace it with.
The likely next attorney general is staunchly anti-weed, but it's still unclear how -- or if -- that will affect his approach toward the drug.
Cries to slow down and wait for a replacement are getting louder.
\u201cWe never bend, we never break, we always endure, we always overcome, we always move forward,\ the vice president said.
Ted Cruz spoke for over 80 percent of his time questioning Jeff Sessions during today\u2019s confirmation hearing, probably because
Democratic Rep. Louise Slaughter (N.Y.) wants the feds to investigate Tom Price's trades in health care companies.
A lot can happen in a year.
A state assembly panel voted 6-3 to recommend Rep. Xavier Becerra's nomination.
\They felt left out.\
A 1986 hearing on his judicial nomination got ugly.
\That's just right,\ said Sen. Jim Inhofe.
With a lot less \bully\ than Donald Trump.
Here's what you need to know.
The members of Congress say Trump's pick for education secretary is a threat to schools.
But he'll still enforce the legislation that outlawed torture.
Congressional Republicans are calling for conflicting approaches to rolling back the law.
He's ignoring the struggles of a huge number of working class Americans.
The justices acted one day before the new legislature is set to take office.
The legislation would address Moscow's alleged hacking -- and its actions in Ukraine and Syria, too.
President-elect Donald Trump's pick for secretary of state spent the last 41 years working for Exxon Mobil.
It's not his weak record on civil rights or being denied a judgeship after allegedly calling a black attorney \boy.\
The top Judiciary Committee Dem was polite yet scathing in sharing the attorney general nominee's alarming positions.
Russian hackers gained \u201climited penetration of old RNC\u201d computer systems but not current servers, James Comey said.
\u201cThis country does not punish its political enemies,\ the attorney general nominee said.
More than half of enrollees live in districts with GOP representatives.
And Trump responded this morning.
Private gun purchases were even less likely to be vetted.
A foreign country influenced our presidential election, LOL!
\These actions were wrong then, just as they would be wrong today.\
\u201cThis should not be a partisan issue. It is good business and good economics to lead a technical revolution.\
Republican operatives say no one but Trump would have dismissed the intelligence this way.
She questioned his fitness to be attorney general on the eve of Senate confirmation hearings.
Local governments that protect undocumented immigrants are steeling themselves for punishment.
They want to make it as hard on Republicans as possible.
You know, because a foreign power influencing our elections is kind of a big deal.
He isn't committed to \pursuing justice for all Americans,\ Khan said.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 The internet
Several confirmation hearings are scheduled for this week, and the group says it wants the public to learn about the nominees.
Holding firm in his view that the U.S. should do less, the president proved that inaction can have major consequences.
The president-elect promised not to mess with the programs, the incoming chief of staff noted.
The bill would require Trump to divest while implementing the Constitution's Emoluments Clause.
Randi Weingarten is a major critic of Donald Trump's pick for secretary of education.
The former presidential candidate received a warm reception at 'The Color Purple's' final Broadway performance.
Mitch McConnell doesn't care about these \little procedural complaints.\
Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com It\u2019s easy to forget just how scary the \u201cgood times\u201d once were.\u00a0 I\u2019m talking about the 1950s
Some of the nation\u2019s leading scholars on housing and urban affairs have signed an open letter opposing president-elect Donald
Reince Priebus says Trump accepts the intelligence finding. Sort of.
McConnell is shrugging off the very confirmation procedures he insisted on in 2009.
\When one party is compromised, all of us are compromised,\ the GOP senator said.
You should let everybody know in America, Republicans and Democrats, that you\u2019re going to make Russia pay a price for trying to interfere.\u201d
He feels good about the governing, but wishes he'd done more politicking.
\Nobody writes better super-villain dialogue than Trumputin!\
The temptation to attend is understandable. Who wouldn\u2019t want to highlight Trump\u2019s warmth after eight years of Obama\u2019s frostiness
At its core, populism is defined as a political form of action that pits a disenchanted portion of the population against
Secret negotiating, misrepresentation and a rush to judgment -- yep, it's all there.
Sen. John Hoeven is an odd choice for a job dedicated to helping Native American communities.
Change is slow and sometimes unnoticeable. It is a series of small shifts in yourself and in your community.

While more information may come out, the basic gist of the story is clear, and the unwillingness of the Republican Party, who are the ones with power in Washington now to do anything about it, is also apparent.

The state also passed a bill that would require women to get an ultrasound before an abortion.
The veteran told the FBI his mind was being controlled by the government. He was never on a no-fly list.
Alisa Shevchenko told the Guardian, \I never work with douchebags.\
In a major setback for labor, the GOP also repealed the state's prevailing wage law.
Birth control and preventative care aren't considered luxuries.
North Carolina Republicans passed a law in 2013 that blocks the governor from expanding Medicaid in the state.
\The announced hearing schedule for several nominees who have not completed the ethics review process is of great concern to me.\
It sounded so easy, until taking away people's insurance became real.
Some federal workers have no choice but to be at inauguration for Donald Trump.
He says Democrats are just embarrassed they lost.
The state contest is already turning bitter.
The president fought for equality for transgender students, female athletes and sexual assault survivors everywhere.
Having previously sued Gawker Media, Shiva Ayyadurai has sicced his lawyer on TechDirt\u2019s Mike Masnick.
The \u2018Bernie Bro\u2019 phenomenon, one of many regrettable footnotes of the 2016 presidential election, birthed an opposition movement
The city of Pasadena will now have to clear election law changes with the DOJ.
An explosion of vacant property, especially in Rust Belt cities, is spurring cleanup efforts. By Martha T. Moore Many cities
Two days before the November elections, Elizabeth Moreno was driving to the Democratic Party headquarters in Manassas to
On Wednesday this week, the Senate voted on a bill that would repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (more


TOP STORIES TALK OF RUSSIAN MEDDLING HEATS UP ON THE HILL\u00a0A coalition of top intelligence officers reiterated on Thursday
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 Rep. Duncan Hunter
\u201cIt\u2019ll be very powerful to have our experiences as first-generation kids in the assembly.\u201d
\u201cI didn\u2019t come to Washington to roll over and play dead,\ the U.S. senator from Massachusetts said.
Advocates on both sides of the health care law still have a chance to change opinions.
The top Senate Democrat said they won\u2019t have a litmus test on the issue of abortion, but it will be a central concern.
Former television journalist Campbell Brown is \a propagandist\ against public schools, an education activist said.
Conservatives complained about the speaker for a year. Then they all voted for him.
\Time to be an adult.\
\You\u2019re taking $116 billion ... and just throwing it into a mud puddle by continuing subsidies without revenue,\ Sen. Bob Corker said.
Tom Cotton isn't the only Republican calling for a replacement first.
\I do not feel that I can contribute to the normalization of the President-elect's divisive rhetoric,\ Rep. Katherine Clark (D-Mass.) said.
But the president-elect said the meeting was \constructive.\
James Woolsey had publicly split with Trump on Russia's interference in the 2016 election.
Felipe Calder\u00f3n says attacking Mexico will spur more immigration.
Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) said the best option for the U.S. is to vigorously enforce the agreement.
As the president-elect continues to insult national security officials, the incoming press secretary praised him for \u201casking the right questions.\u201d
\By October, it had become clear that the Russians were trying to help the Trump campaign.\u201d
Moscow denies the hacking allegations.
The order reportedly threatens to leave the U.S. without Senate-confirmed envoys for months.
Excerpts of the report are  expected to be released very soon.
Defunding polls, reducing personnel and refusing to ask horserace questions won\u2019t solve the problems that election polls face.
And how Donald Trump can change them back.
How closely have you been following the news this week?
He called the attention on Russian election meddling \a political witch hunt.'
\u201cIt\u2019s an amazingly accessible group of people, it\u2019s really beyond believable access,\u201d Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) said.
Trump's transition team has been asking for names of specific government employees.
The GOP leader is vowing to defund the health care provider.
Opinions on the law are divided, but most don't want to rush into scrapping it.
Last year, Supreme Court Justice Scalia died. President Obama, a president who won election twice, both with the Electoral
One can only imagine what it is like to be a Republican member of Congress in the age of Trump. What should be a time of
Finally, President Obama should use his farewell address to remedy one of his biggest failures which is not hammering home
Is the ACA next?
Former Rep. Tom Perriello could upend the party's hopes of a quiet primary.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 John McCain will
Gov. Peter Shumlin signed the measure into law in 2013.
\I can think of no other project that would have such a positive impact,\ said Sheriff Thomas Hodgson.
Republicans tried to eliminate the very tools used to catch lawmakers on a shady trip.
The senator from Arizona has made no secret of his concerns about Donald Trump's pick to lead the State Department.
The Harvard Law Review essay serves as a stark reminder of what he couldn't do as president.
A media overload strategy might get you to overlook with whom he'll be draining the swamp.
The agent allegedly admitted to being a \u201csignificant source\u201d for reporters at The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times.
Despite his proposal, secretary of state insists there's nothing fishy about the state's elections.
A court letter to the parties said the conflict was inadvertent.
As a congressman, Perriello was a progressive ally of President Barack Obama's, despite representing a more conservative district.
But he said if the incoming president pursues extreme policies, \I don't think he'll ever win reelection.\
The panel will develop legislation to beef up security and respond to cyberattacks.
He's on the record.
They'll rally in more than 40 cities against Donald Trump.
Republicans continue to charge ahead on their campaign to strip down federal regulations.
Steve Martinez says he will not tell authorities about the actions of other protesters.
Carlson has drawn strong ratings and generated viral moments in just two months of his show at 7 p.m.
Rep. Tom Price repeatedly traded in health care stocks while in Congress.
The report will ascribe \multiple motives\ to the cyberattack.
Trump is preparing to take over the White House on Jan. 20.
Democrats may highlight Yemen during a confirmation hearing for Trump's secretary of state pick.
Rex Tillerson told lawmakers he knows the difference between being a CEO and the nation's top diplomat.
The \u201cTexas Privacy Act\u201d has been marked as a top legislative priority for Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick, a Republican and conservative Christian who guides the legislative agenda in the Republican-controlled state Senate.
His civil rights record is awful and he was rejected as a federal judge for being too racist, they write to senators.
Because why not erode women's access to health care in multiple ways?
The military veteran from South Bend joins a crowded field.
Thirty-one other women are scheduled to join them soon.
They reintroduced a bill that would require Trump and future presidential nominees to disclose tax information.
The Democratic Senate leader says the president-elect could be coming up with an Obamacare replacement plan instead of tweeting insults.
They cite his troubling comments about sexual assault and his vote against reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act.
The group said it rarely speaks out against presidential nominees.
Trump is due to be briefed by intelligence agency chiefs on Friday on hacks that targeted the Democratic Party. President Obama will be briefed on Thursday.
Almost 5 million people \like\ her page.
African Americans are disproportionately employed in federal jobs.
\u201c \u2026the people back there, the extremely dishonest press\u2026Very dishonest people\u2026How about \u2013 I mean how dishonest.\u201d Those were
Author\u2019s Note
In politics and policy, when a claim is made enough times, people often assume it to be true, regardless of whether it has
OK, the praise is not wildly enthusiastic, but still.
Following public outcry and the president-elect's tweets.
The attorney general's office, as it prepares to take over one murder case, also fights the removal of the DA's office in another one.
The corporate lawyer is the latest in a string of nominees with deep ties to Goldman Sachs.
Young undocumented immigrants don't get to take advantage of those rates just yet.
But Donald Trump will probably keep tweeting anyway.
It's one of a number of pieces of controversial legislation Republicans are taking up.
The president-elect vowed not to cut the programs as a candidate, but has been silent on them since the election.
The president makes one last effort to protect his signature policy initiative.
Republicans will control both the White House and Congress for the first time since 2007.
A handy guide for journalists.
Donald Trump points to Russian-aligned Wikileaks to counter the U.S. intelligence community\u2019s analysis that Russia helped him win the election.
D.C. Marijuana Justice says it will hand out free cannabis just before marching to the National Mall.
Steven Mnuchin \made millions after his bank foreclosed on homeowners,\u201d the ads say.
\u201cIt will fall of its own weight - be careful!\u201d Trump tweeted.
\It's important that people feel that the party is their party.\
Alt-righters often do not accept basic historical facts.
One company may even quote Trump's love of \old-fashioned\ messenger services in its ads.
A major physicians group is also asking GOP leadership to preserve the law's historic coverage gains.
His latest auto industry dig leads to head scratching.
Once again, the president-elect shows distrust for the U.S. intelligence community.
Four years after Benghazi, embassy security remains a political football.
He blocked the president's own high court nominee for 293 days.
It's easy to win over the public when you make up facts.
People who voted for the president-elect take a much softer view.
It would be the 27th state \u2015 and the last in the South \u2015 to go right-to-work.
Huh?
But don't expect Elon Musk to give credit to President-elect Donald Trump.
\u201cHaving the former attorney general of the United States brings us a lot of firepower.\
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 A GOP congressman
The oil giant's outgoing CEO and chairman will give up $4.1 million in cash bonuses.
\The Trump brand should be associated with a free market.\u201d
During the campaign, one of Trump\u2019s poster-boys for getting out the gun vote was Milwaukee Sheriff David Clarke, who has
Dylann Roof has decided to represent himself in front of the jury that will decide whether he is to live or die and forego
In 2016, Vermont voters selected Democratic Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton by more than 26 percentage points over Republican
\u201cI.. know things that other people don\u2019t know... [y]ou\u2019ll find out on Tuesday or Wednesday.\u201d \u2014President-elect Donald Trump
So much for drain the swamp.
We don't exactly welcome your hatred. But we'll read it.
Brian Mast was inspired to run for a U.S. House seat after losing both his legs in Afghanistan six years ago.
Public outrage blocked a secret, midnight effort to nuke the congressional ethics watchdog.
It could mean nothing. Or it could be an early sign of a Trump-Congress divide.
Jeh Johnson stressed the importance of the government's promise to people who applied for deportation relief.
He stayed on his best behavior.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 Joe Biden reminded
The Senate minority leader used his first speech to serve notice to the president-elect that Democrats intend to hold him accountable for his promises.
GM said it makes its Cruze sedan in the United States and that all of those sold in the United States are made in a plant in Lordstown, Ohio.
\We urge you to preserve this critical U.S. strategic asset,\ the group said in an open letter.
U.S. Customs and Border Protection staffers identified more than 400 miles along the U.S.-Mexico border where new fencing could be erected.
Trump was all over the news, but Clinton's scandals -- or \scandals\ -- owned Twitter.
Drain the ... womp womp!
The president-elect urged his party to focus on \other things of far greater importance.\
His ideas on computer safety may embolden cybercriminals, they say.
The automaker is investing $700 million and adding 700 jobs in Michigan.
Lawmakers, watchdog groups and the president-elect were critical of the move.
That\u2019s what Twitter tosses out the window
Catchphrases are catchy. That\u2019s why they\u2019re called catchphrases. Morning in America. Bridge to the 21st Century. Compassionate
Predicting the impact of Republican health care policies
I wonder how President-elect Donald Trump will respond to our nation\u2019s top public health matter, addiction recovery. As a
During the American Civil War, billionaire Andrew Carnegie dodged the military draft by paying an Irish immigrant $850 to
If we don\u2019t build an alternative movement, our defensive struggles could enhance Trump\u2019s popularity rather than to diminish it.
Everybody wants to know what Trump World is going to be like. Everyone\u2019s guessing about what to expect from President Trump
With the DOL fiduciary rule already delivering real benefits to retirement savers, will the Trump Administration give in
For a brief moment the curtain was pulled back and we saw the real monsters in the swamp.
Critics have called New York's ailing legal defense system unconstitutional.
Republicans still don't know what they want to do on health care, the Democratic leader says.
The unfurled \Divest\ banner was a message for stadium sponsor U.S. Bank.
Obama said he was inspired by the farewell remarks of George Washington, who \u201cset the precedent for a peaceful, democratic transfer of power.\u201d
For him to receive the death penalty would be a tremendous failure of justice.
Over the New Year\u2019s weekend, Trump made two statements. Both reveal conjoined facets of his personality. Both are deeply
It is officially 2017. Americans are resolving to eat healthier, rev up their fitness routines, spend more time with family
Obama's parting effort at peace appears disjointed and flailing.
Happy new year and welcome to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities top graphs of 2016 special! I\u2019ll be your host, joined
More than two hundred years ago, the Framers of the Constitution insisted that the United States have a strong independent
The public was more confident in the past three presidents.
Sean Spicer is more concerned with the DNC's IT security than the Kremlin's attempt to swing the U.S. election.
The process begins now.


\I know things that other people don't know,\ he said of Russian hacking allegations.
\We'll miss you buddy,\ the governor's staff tweeted.
It also blocks anti-discrimination protections for people seeking abortions.
The president-elect says he knows a lot about hacking, and hacking is very difficult to prove.
Hoo boy.
\If we're the party for the underdogs everywhere, we win,\ he said.
The intelligence report is titled \u201cRussian Malicious Cyber Activity.\u201d
\I\u2019d be careful about using the word \u2018lie,'\ says Gerard Baker.
\I don\u2019t think it has any parallels to the past,\ says former George W. Bush spokeswoman.
John Roberts' year-end report praises \the skill, hard work, and dedication\ of lower-court judges.
As President Trump takes on the reigns, speculations are high about what his new policies may spell.
Donald Trump issued the following tweet on the last day of 2016
Some say 2016 was a bad year for women in politics. I say it was a bad year for politicians in politics. True
So now we stand with our families, our children, the huddled masses yearning to breathe free, and the question becomes
Extreme earnings inequality explains the Social Security shortfall because Social Security taxes are only collected on incomes below an earnings cap. In 2016, the cap was $118,500 (which is indexed to average wage growth, not the wage growth at the top).
Trade policy must abide by the fundamental values guiding society from human dignity to sustainable development to the common good. We therefore call for an ethical trade policy.
\u201cWe took immediate action to isolate the laptop and alerted federal officials of this finding.\u201d
President-elect continues pattern of ignoring the transparency standards of recent decades.
President-elect Donald Trump has encouraged rising anti-Saudi sentiment as part of his general message that Muslims should not be trusted.
\When you attack a country, it's an act of war.\
The solicitor general is the country's top appellate attorney.
Was the director trying to pressure the president-elect to divest from his companies?
Secretary of State John Kerry\u2019s valedictory speech on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict unleashed a firestorm of criticism
After a crushing and embarrassing electoral defeat in 2016, the Democratic Party is left teetering on the brink of irrelevancy
Donald Trump has been on a month\u2019s long thank you tour across the United States. Over the past several weeks, I\u2019m sure he\u2019s
The man who\u2019ll soon occupy the same Oval Office as the man who once insisted that, \u201cif the President does it, that means
In his typically presidential style, Donald Trump has taken to Twitter to wish Americans a happy New Year, with all the grace
Welcome back to our annual year-end awards column! We have to begin our second half with a big mea culpa for an inadvertent
It would be \u201can insult to the more than 22 million veterans who risked their lives to defend our country.\
Idaho, Arizona and Missouri have also sacked any local attempts to cut plastic pollution.
\Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies ...\

Let's work together, and think together, to stop the Trump agenda.
Following prior reports of the planned expulsion of 35 U.S. diplomats.
The data suggest policing remains safer today than it's been in decades past.
Have you been following everything that happened this week?
If you think it was amazing, you're in an even smaller group.
New rules would fine representatives up to $2,500 for breaches of decorum on the House floor.
\u201cCongrats\u201d Twitter reached new lows today when Donald Trump used the microblogging service to undermine U.S. foreign policy
After an investigation, the Labor Department wants to bar Restaurant Associates from getting contracts for a three-year period.
She would never sing for Adolf, and she won't stay in a choir that sings for The Donald.
The comment comes after the Obama administration announced its response to Russian hacking.
Signers say the church's values clash with the \racist, sexist\ president-elect.
The former U.S. ambassador to the U.N. called the reported Russia hack \an attack on our constitutional system.\u201d
The report included samples of malicious computer code.
Dismantling the president's signature health care law is the first item of business for Republicans in January.
ICE said deportations dropped when they focused on criminals, casting doubt on Trump's promise to expel millions of immigrants.
We're all guilty of \moral grandstanding.\ At least in Washington.
Governor-elect Roy Cooper said the law could also make it harder for North Carolinians to vote.
Trump's nuclear weapons position is incoherent. But the furor is largely misdirected.
Republicans hide their true intentions behind euphemisms about \u201csaving\u201d it. The truth is that Medicare doesn\u2019t need saving.
People keep saying that 2016 has been a horrible year. Don\u2019t get me wrong, there has been tragedy, terror, injustice, heartache
Dear People Who Hate
Did you ever read an op-ed piece that made you so angry, you wanted to rip it up and flush it down the toilet? I did, yesterday
He once argued that doing this is a felony.
NSA apparently learned successful tactics tracking Russian cyberattack on murdered journalist Anna Politkovskaya.
We've rounded up some of the pieces we don't want you to miss.
In his UN Security Council speech earlier this week, Secretary of State John Kerry finally delivered some hard truths which
Telling the first lady to go live with the gorillas is not sitting well with the people of Buffalo.
An investigation by the Department of Transportation found that the closure of 31 facilities fell hardest on African-Americans.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 President-elect
But most still say they were mindful of money when making holiday plans.
Effective at midnight.
His fellow board members say the Donald Trump ally needs to resign or they will ask the state to remove him.
The Republican's claim that the designation hurts Navajo tribes is \complete bull,\ one public lands advocate says.
\We don\u2019t think it makes much sense to invite back in Russian intelligence agents.\u201d
Washington's rebuke includes the expulsion of 35 Russian diplomats.
Inspectors general, many of them Obama appointees, will keep an eye on federal agencies during the Trump administration. If he keeps them around.
What some might call cyberwarfare others apparently consider journalistic best practices.
What victories should be hailed and what mistakes should be avoided in the future?
The Left Must Radically Re-Theorize Trump If We Are to Successfully Resist Him The political left needs a new tool for understanding
In the waning days of his administration, I\u2019d recommend Obama make a last stand.
If you listen to the media\u2019s spin on the NRA, the first thing they always tell you is that the success of the gun lobby is
As Democrats, when we try to determine who or what allowed Donald Trump to become president, we should look in the mirror
\I think we ought to get on with our lives. I think that computers have complicated lives very greatly.\
As Israel chooses increased self-isolation in response to rightful condemnation from the UN Security Council and John Kerry
As we enter a perilous new year, here are five resistance resolutions
She'll fit right in.
With Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell welcoming the move, it would be politically difficult for Donald Trump to reverse it.
Move along. Nothing to see here ...
\u201cWe say to those few who seek to publicize anti-Semitic views that they shall find no safe haven here.\
The president urged unity in remarks that many saw as a thinly veiled shot at the president-elect.
The party is divided. And its prospective leaders don't want to jump into that abyss.
Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt's ties to the fossil fuel industry keep going deeper and deeper.
This kind of animosity toward a U.S. president is \certainly unprecedented,\ an Israeli analyst says.
Kerry delivered his harshest rebuke of the current Israeli government with just three weeks left as the nation's top diplomat.
... despite the Supreme Court's ruling this summer.
There are just four of them. You can handle that.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 We\u2019re back from
Over the past seven years, tremendous momentum has grown behind the public release of data held by the U.S. government, and governments at all levels.
Study after study has shown that support for Donald Trump correlates more strongly with racial resentment than economic anxiety
Careless diplomacy was never John Kerry\u2019s trademark. Yes, his sometimes aspirational language was deemed \u201cmessianic\u201d by critics
Despite recent victories, the incoming Trump administration will put activists to the test.
Police accountability comes with a cost, apparently.
\The place of my ancestors will now be preserved for all future generations,\ the president of the Navajo Nation said.
\If that\u2019s their approach for 2017, I\u2019m all in,\ said one Congressional Black Caucus member.
The convicted murderer and white supremacist says he won't call witnesses or introduce evidence.
If and when a downturn happens, it'll be easier to blame him.

\The world was gloomy before I won,\ Trump said.
These cities are exploding in size.
At Pearl Harbor, the president embraces his state\u2019s world view.
Jason Greenblatt has spent 20 years negotiating on behalf of Trump and his real estate projects.
Abe is the first Japanese Prime Minister to ever visit the site of the 1941 attack.
People lodged more than 800 election-related complaints to the agency.
The FBI director didn't help, they say. But it's too simple to put all the blame on him.
You do not need to prove anything to anyone.
1. Popular Affirmative Action Joke Declared Dead Over the years, there have been some creative twists on an old joke related
When Steven Mnuchin ran OneWest, the bank aggressively and in some cases, wrongly, foreclosed on elderly homeowners with
America Comes First can\u2019t seem to decide if it\u2019s a PAC or a super PAC, but in either case its federal filings remain problematic
A debate could expose enough about the consequences to scare off the public -- and maybe Donald Trump too.
The Fight for $15 campaign has led to pay hikes coast to coast.
Over $250,000 from The Donald J. Trump Foundation has reportedly been used to settle lawsuits.
Politics and history teacher George Ciccariello-Maher insists he was mocking white supremacists' \imaginary\ danger.
\You\u2019re actually being a partisan hack,\ Lauren Duca said.
Make America ~game~ again.
There are lots of easy ways to donate them to charity.
A number of people assumed the message was about Donald Trump.
The son of Donald Trump's New York campaign co-chair clearly wants nothing to do with his father's remarks about the president and first lady.
\The majority does buy into the notion of one America that is tolerant and diverse and open,\ he said.
The oil giant's transformation on global warming was more rhetorical than anything else.
Nausea. I can't shake it. Its jellyfish tendrils invaded my throat on election night and hooked in, expanding and enveloping
With the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, globalization seemed to augur the End of History. Globalization enabled \u201cthe free
On America\u2019s election day, I flew out of San Francisco to London. The last time I\u2019d flown was on the eve of Brexit, and as
My parents were pursuing the American dream, even though it seemed to evade them at every turn.
\u201cMy friend would try to get me into some of the after-parties ... and bouncers would be standing there saying, \u2018Who\u2019s this guy?\u2019\ Obama recalled.
Christmas Eve drama strikes the president-elect's incoming administration.
\What they know ... is that they are gonna need a strategy.\
At least, that's what his wife told him, since she does the shopping.
On December 6, 2016 at at 2:22 a.m. EST, Donald Trump tweeted \Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future
It is Christmas, and the world should be filled with thoughts of love and peace. Here at home, we are facing a new era \u2014 the
\We might as well get used to it.\
\u201cI\u2019m back on board,\u201d said Jacob Monty, a Houston immigration attorney.

In the meantime, I pray you enjoy your family, especially your grandchildren, and can begin to see a future through their eyes. I want you to know how much respect, affection, and gratitude I -- and I have no doubt millions more -- have for you.
The U.S. may want to take a long frank look at how decades of our involvement in the domestic politics of many countries, sometimes with good intentions but sometimes with only our interests in mind, may have created an environment that both emboldened Putin and muted criticism of his actions outside of the U.S.
There's a great deal of pent-up demand for a candidate who articulates Americans' frustrations with the status quo. Trump exploited those frustrations with a campaign based on racism, intolerance, and xenophobia.


But there is no talk yet of selling his company.
There was considerable drama leading up to the passage of United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 (UNSCR 2334) reaffirming
Congress, the only governing body with the constitutional authority to impeach an American president, should initiate proceedings
At the holidays, a family visit program is a gift that plays a vital role in a changing approach to women in prison.
The president says the holiday season inspires \Americans of all backgrounds\ to give back to others.
What do you really know about the \festival of lights\?
The story of Hanukkah is one of revolution and miracles.
The state barely counts as a real democracy anymore, says an electoral integrity report.
For less than $4, Jules and Gabe will send the president-elect a vagina lollipop. \We're on a mission.\
We know who Donald Trump is; the question now is, who are we? 2017 is not a pre-determined destiny. It is up to each of us to decide what it will be.
Congress has more women of color than ever, and a record number of Americans have health insurance.
The Minnesota congressman says the DNC is in need of serious repair -- and he\u2019s the one to fix it.
\ud83c\udfb6 It's the most wonderful time of the year. \ud83c\udfb6
A transition memo is making some State Department employees very nervous.
The state's highest court ruled that inmates condemned since 2002 may get new sentencing hearings.
This is either strategic ambiguity or ad hoc policy making.
The timing is... interesting.
The Obama administration won't shield impoverished debtors from paying income tax on forgiven loans.
We're at the point where the bloodshed is all starting to blur together.
Sen. Jeff Merkley (D-Ore.) says the apparent escalation of tensions after the president-elect's nuclear tweet terrifies him.
We'll see if Trump's team is ready to target industries, like fast food, where workers often get stiffed.
\We will outmatch them at every pass. And outlast them all,\ the president-elect is quoted as saying.
Despite being the law-and-order candidate, Donald Trump seems unphased that a man who lives in the remote wilderness \u2015 and
\He\u2019s going to be very forceful, but he understands the role of the press,\ Spicer said.
It's not just that polls got it wrong. It's how wrong they were.
Michael Flynn, the president-elect's national security adviser, could find himself in bed with a man he fought against in Iraq.
The party \has clearly forgotten the original meaning of its own name.\u201d
The president-elect apparently upended years of careful planning.
The U.S. vetoed a similar measure in 2011.
\The goal here is to punish and to call out people who lie about Melania Trump,\ Conway told Rachel Maddow.
One witness said the passenger was \u201cclearly agitated\u201d but did not \u201cscream or yell.\u201d
Steven Michel has probably done more than anyone in the Senate to advance the thwarted Supreme Court nominee.
That's one way to celebrate Festivus.
Lawmakers seem to want \bringing junk food back into schools.\
It's a \classic conflict of interest,\ a federal ethics expert says.
On the evening of December 22, Martin Gottesfeld entered the 81st day of a hunger strike in prison and took his last voluntary
Listen to the critics.
Keep going. Don't give up. Push forward. Do what's right. Resist fascism. Be the change. Stand together and fight injustice.
Navarro has made a documentary describing Beijing's threat to the U.S. economy.
The report brands the fugitive NSA leaker a dangerous, disgruntled \fabricator.\
Views are divided on what tone Barack Obama should strike during his remaining time as president.
A rogue Democratic elector carried through on promise not to vote for Hillary Clinton
\All along, I\u2019ve been proven to be right.\
The president-elect disputes the claims.
\u201cThe United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes.\
Four people -- including a newborn baby -- have died at Milwaukee County Jail since April.
Conway will be the highest-ranking woman in Trump's White House.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 Donald Trump
The secretary of labor is gearing up for a fight for the Democrats' future.
Donald Jr. and Eric's fundraising has come under scrutiny for potential conflicts of interest.
As a top Obama administration official, Perez got a lot done for the community.
It\u2019s definitely a \u201cmixed bag,\u201d though.
\u201cWe must do it, we believe, as this new legislature is trying to raise a new Confederacy, in policy, right here in North Carolina.\u201d
The school says it absolutely did not cancel the production because of religious complaints.
Your home state still needs your attention and help.
In the midst of the end-of-year rush, a new EU Directive aiming to reduce air pollution in EU countries was signed into law
Clean up on aisle nine.
The more terrifying way to think about our president-elect's global conflicts of interest.
States are struggling to hand out potentially lucrative medical marijuana licenses in a way that promotes public health while
Earlier this year, U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder both lauded and criticized Snowden, stating the wanted exile \performed
Looking back at the ups and downs of any year always runs the risk of blossoming into a Dickensian clich\u00e9. But instead of
Bolstered by the election of Donald J. Trump, the Ohio legislature last week tacked a, \heartbeat,\ abortion restriction
Earlier this month, a spokesperson for the office of Utah Senator Mike Lee reported to Buzzfeed News that the lawmaker, along
Come On. Don\u2019t Ally With Glenn Beck.
With the election of Donald J. Trump, now more than ever, it is important to separate truth from fiction, facts from opinion
The rezoning of certain neighborhoods to accommodate new development has many New Yorkers worried about being displaced from
Democrats, led by Senator Chuck Schumer, are already blowing it. \u201cSounds good to me!\u201d Schumer recently declared, regarding
The decision affects 11,000 low-income Texans.
For $250,000, you can have an \intimate policy discussion\ with a cabinet appointee.
Civil liberties groups said the effort is in conflict with the Fourth Amendment because many innocent messages are included in the initial sweep.
One more alligator on the loose in Washington.
One quarter of them didn't think their vote would matter.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 Corey Lewandowski
An inquiry about how much the department contributes to environmental groups comes weeks after a similar request to the Energy Department.
His workers in Vegas won a four-year-contract, and his workers in Washington, D.C., may follow suit.
TOP STORIES Good morning everyone! Just wanted to let you know that The Morning Email will return Thursday, Dec.\u00a029\u00a0after
Just in time for Donald Trump and the Republicans to repeal it.
The law will also stop municipalities from passing additional protections for workers.
He also said Obama's race factored into why Republicans were so intent on blocking his agenda.
The increasingly contested election for the committee's chair comes at the end of February.
It's expensive to go to the E.R., so maybe wait a day to bring your kid with a broken arm to the doctor, says Rep. Bill Huizenga.
The now president-elect has often boasted of his negotiating skills.
The bank accepts climate science and called for a \strong\ climate treaty.
The entire effort disintegrated into a giant mess.
\u201cIf he does sign this, it\u2019s gonna cause more disruption in our society.\
\This was an act of hate against the Islamic faith as well as an attack on her as a woman,\ Newark's Ras Baraka says.
If that wasn't obvious.
A motive has not been released in the case.
The Stock Act's author explains the insider trading law will be extremely difficult for the next president to follow if he keeps his businesses.
Towards a Great Transformation of values? But there's another possibility for the long-term outcome of this dark period. The
How might Democrats respond to another year of health care debate? With Donald Trump as president and a Republican-led Congress
To my neighbors, my friends, and my fellow Democrats
12 were killed in Christmas market truck attack.
New Texas-based group not legally required to disclose its donors.
Bruce Franks Jr., a Ferguson activist, says he's \glad to be alive.\
More polarized than the North Pole.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 President Obama
He didn't expect Republicans would hold the Senate either.
The majority leader wants to keep the probe limited to Congressional committees, which Democrats say will limit the scope of the investigation.
\Flint was a casualty of arrogance, disdain and a failure of management,\ Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette said.
A new poll finds that the president-elect is increasingly winning over Republicans.
He faces charges that he engaged in a $1.2 million fraud.
Another disproportionately white jury, another failed conviction effort in a police shooting case.
The president-elect would have known this if he\u2019d taken his presidential briefing that morning before tweeting.
The Wisconsin governor once tried to block Syrian refugees from his state.
Because teenagers really need more sleep.
Without calling every one of them personally, that is.
The warrant assumes that the mere existence of emails from or to Hillary Clinton is probable cause that a crime occurred.
An accused \white supremacist lawyer\ briefly joined her legal defense, adding to the controversy.
South Bend Mayor Pete Buttigieg penned a \profile in courage\ essay as a high school student that celebrated Sanders.
The former House speaker also suggested the president-elect has the power to pardon advisers who break the law.
This isn't how it's supposed to work.
By Kate Starbird, University of Washington, Human Centered Design & Engineering; and Emma Spiro, University of Washington
If nothing else, Donald Trump has provided Americans with a staggering number of teachable moments over the past year and
This morning, Pantsuit Nation founder Libby Chamberlain announced in the Pantsuit Nation group that she had secured a book
It\u2019s late December, time for Truthdig\u2019s annual\u2014and only partially tongue-in-cheek\u2014review of the highlights, lowlights, pratfalls
As an American ex-pat living and working in Berlin, I was deeply disturbed when I awoke this morning to read both about last
There's a revolution on our hands.
It\u2019s time for us to emerge from our shock and confusion.
They\u2019re offering a gentle and sometimes not-so-gentle reminder to Republicans that their districts have a lot to lose.
2016 may well be the 21st Century\u2019s worst year, assuming we can prevent our WiFi sous vide cookers from becoming self-aware
Turns out tweets have consequences.
The U.S. has acknowledged Taiwan as a part of \one China\ since 1979.
The last-ditch effort calls on electors to remember \u201ctheir Constitutional duty\u201d when they cast their ballots for president Monday.
At least Merrick Garland's original lifetime appointment is still good.
The legislature is expected to meet for a special session Wednesday.
U.S. Attorney Carmen Ortiz's office \overstepped its bounds\ in pursuing federal charges, the ruling said.
The lenient sentence shows no \clear and convincing evidence of bias,\ a judicial panel said.
Vincent Viola is a West Point graduate and U.S. Army veteran.
Despite their votes, Trump will be the biggest popular vote loser in raw numbers ever to reach the White House.
Presidents usually just rely on the Secret Service, with some help from police departments for local events.
By Christine Vestal As the holidays approach, state and local governments are gearing up for a predictable surge in drunken
My name is Jordan Reeves. I\u2019m gay. I\u2019m from Hueytown, Alabama. And, I\u2019m concerned. I\u2019ve written about how as a gay man that
\u201cNever forget that the faces of addiction are real people. They are beloved family members, close friends and colleagues
Getting to one nation will be a tall order.
I believe the odds are good that the havoc wreaked by a scandal-ridden Trump presidency would sooner or later be a huge boon to my party.
By Paul Feldman and Stuart Silverstein, FairWarning Soon after beginning their cleanup of a fume-filled tanker car at an
On a good day, Donald Trump can fool some people into thinking that he will be a change for the better on trade policy, and
I\u2019m not an expert or even a novice on what I know about America\u2019s legal profession, but when firms like Paul, Weiss, Rifkind
The electors of the Electoral College met this afternoon in their respective states and anointed as president the candidate
Of course there are multiple causes of any social event, but there is good evidence that the rise in nationalist populism
Priebus called on intelligence officials to lay out what they've got.
\u201cThere\u2019s no doubt they were interfering, and no doubt there was a cyberattack.\
Trump said that Michelle Obama's comment that \we\u2019re feeling what not having hope feels like,\ was not what she intended to say.
That goes against Obama's statement that the attacks ended after he spoke to Putin in September.
\I\u2019m sure when Vladimir Putin was told, \u2018Cut it out,\u2019 I\u2019m sure he immediately stopped all cyber activity.\
Nearly a fifth of Trump voters thought he was unqualified for the job, but cast ballots for him anyway.
Electors will gather across the country on Monday to choose the next president.
Donald Trump lost the popular vote, bigly, but he\u2019ll be our next president anyway. It\u2019s now time for vigilance and introspection
The solution is simple.
It doesn\u2019t make America great to undermine public education, undercut workers, restrict access to health care or pit people against each other.
My fianc\u00e9 is friends with a right wing troll on Facebook. Anytime one of his posts addresses, yet another, incredulous act
Vote for a ticket that Republicans will love and the nation can accept.
We must look at this as a true threat to our democracy.
Donald Trump\u2019s cabinet choices form an anti-government of sorts. \u00a0A climate change skeptic as head of the EPA who\u2019s involved






The nomination will require Senate confirmation.
All while remaining unfazed by suspected Russian cyberattacks.
The judge threatens contempt proceedings against the California sheriff and her deputies.
\I mean, you were nasty and mean and vicious and you wanted to win, right?\u201d
His OMB selection supports policy that will make John Paulson billions.
It's the thing to say on a bright Hawaiian Christmas Day.
We've got a lot to cover today (including Obama's final press conference), so let's just dive right in and try to get through
I thought pipeline accidents were rare. Turns out, they happen all the time.
As Iraqi Kurdistan slides toward autocracy, U.S. leaders ignore journalists' deaths and suffering refugees.
Donald Trump, America's Pathological Liar-in-Chief and First Bully, has nominated a cabinet of billionaires, corporate raiders, right-wing conspiracy theorists, and war hawks.
I am here to remind everyone that the original premise - that huge fundamental shifts are going to take place in the Republican Party - is still 100% correct.

More people signed up on the Obamacare exchanges Thursday than on any prior single day.
North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory (R) signed a bill that will strip his Democratic successor of certain powers \u2015 because sometime
TOP STORIES OBAMA VOWS ACTION AGAINST RUSSIA\u2019S ELECTION MEDDLING\u00a0\u201c\u2019I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government
A new twist on old McCarthyism.
Ethics office confirms the GOP-backed STOCK Act applies to the president and vice president, too.
The Council on American-Islamic Relations will give the Jewish Voice for Peace its new \Defender of Liberty\ award.
Ellison says the DNC has a  responsibility to take on Republican lawmakers in the state.
But views of his legacy remain starkly divided along partisan lines.
They claim Director of National Intelligence James Clapper has refused requests for full briefings.
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand argues that he can only assure voters he's not \bought and paid for\ by divesting it all.
Joe Killian, an investigative reporter at NC Policy Watch, was detained while covering the news.
How weird.
The former campaign chairman accuses the bureau of bias in dwelling on Clinton's email server rather than pursuing the Russian hacking threat.
The attorney's far-right views could prove to be controversial.
She said she sees a \direct line\ between the election meddling and a Putin grudge.
\I think there is no doubt that when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections ... we need to take action.\
The president-elect suggested the Kremlin did the U.S. a favor if it meddled in our election.
After losing the election, Gov. Pat McCrory (R) has signed legislation to undermine the incoming Democratic governor-elect.
\Everyone had the information,\ President Barack Obama said. \We handled it the way we should have.\
The reviewer had wondered
A history of peddling debunked theories won't guarantee you a spot in Trumpland -- but it apparently doesn't hurt.
A new analysis shows that utilities in small, rural communities are often skipping crucial tests of their water supplies.
It's just an idea at this point, but Richard Spencer is \taking it very seriously.\
The president signaled the end of the road for Merrick Garland.
Thousands of students are demanding sanctuary campuses, and some state leaders are warning against it. But the ruckus appears
We\u2019ve become acutely aware, since November 8, of the circus troupe that has been assembled into what is ostensibly a cabinet
I seem to have a knack for showing up to witness minor racial dramas. Twenty five years ago in Ann Arbor, home of the University
How one state supports its teenagers while a neighboring state punishes them.
Going further would have been seen as putting his own thumb on the scale, the outgoing secretary of state argued.
The GOP senator wants the FBI and CIA to brief Donald Trump's secretary of state pick on Russia's elections interference.
It\u2019s still a long shot.
Amid reports of weapons in the South China Sea.
Suddenly, the race has some serious drama.
The Republican strategy will let people die, the outgoing senator said.
Legal experts have been calling for a DOJ investigation for years.
New rules for a Virginia-sized ocean region ban damaging commercial fishing practices.
Corpus Christi residents can't use their tap water until further notice.
An unusual order indicates that the justices may not be willing to split 4-to-4.
The president-elect had tried to get away with not testifying, even though he himself brought the lawsuit
Jackie Evancho's sister is suing a Pennsylvania school over bathroom access for transgender students.
\u201cPeople in the intelligence community are using this against the president-elect of the United States, and that is disgraceful.\u201d
It's a preview of how Democrats can provide oversight without Republican support.
A Latina U.S. citizen says she was racially profiled and kept in jail.
He said it should be modeled after the NYPD surveillance program -- which yielded no terror leads.
Aloha, POTUS.
The security firm discovered the hacker offering logon credentials for access to computers.
\u201cThey will see me in court,\u201d Roy Cooper said. \u201cAnd they don\u2019t have a very good track record there.\u201d
They've proposed a pair of bills that could hobble the incoming governor and curtail voting rights in the state.
The town\u2019s main employer is the hog plant. With about 2,000 workers, it churns out 3.5-million pounds of pork each day. Its
It's never too soon to think about 2020. Let's figure out how to maximize the chances of defeating the Donald's re-election
A deep dive into the historical moments leading to the Trump era.
Balancing between demagoguery of white supremacy on right, failures of PC politics If there were ever any illusions during
Trump wants military solutions, so he has assembled a team of former soldiers.
Last month I participated in a\u00a0press conference\u00a0that I dearly wish had not been necessary.\u00a0Its purpose was to bring to light
Honestly, I don\u2019t usually talk back to the TV. But I couldn\u2019t contain myself during Poppy Harlow\u2019s December 10 interview
The Democratic Party is not dead. But the 2016 election needs a post-mortem, that's for sure.
The report goes on to describe Putin\u2019s involvement as a personal vendetta against Clinton.
Opinions about how to address gun violence are divided along partisan lines.
Pollsters, don't do it. Journalists, don't report on it.
\u201cTrump just wins. It\u2019s remarkable,\ Bill Mitchell says.
The vice president thanked them for showing how to force  Congress to pass a law that will help ailing survivors. It's what the moonshot needs.
She predicted they'll find out it's just too complicated.
It could \wipe out hundreds of watchdogs,\ one paper warns.
\There's still a need to show that climate change is real and that human activity contributes to it,\ she said.
Lidia Curanaj believes she wasn't hired after rejecting the former Fox News chairman's advances.
Gen. Mike Flynn quietly deleted a tweet that promoted a baseless story about Hillary Clinton's \sex crimes.\
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 Republicans have
The General Services Administration says it has received no response from Trump.
That's only one of several items missing from his file before the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Remember when the House speaker shunned Trump after the \Access Hollywood\ tape?
The president-elect's Cabinet selections so far may have really lowered the bar.
We're past MAGA and into full-on Dada.
The announcement comes after a three-year effort to strike down a gag order on the case.
There's a lot of nothing accomplished in the face of people dying.
At least for now.
Local public school and college bands aren't answering that bugle call.
Attendees included Apple Inc\u2019s Tim Cook, Facebook Inc\u2019s Sheryl Sandberg and Tesla Motors Inc\u2019s Elon Musk.
Trump has chosen just three people so far who are not white men.
\President-elect Trump is creating a government of, by, and for the oil and gas industry,\ one advocate said.
The guy is accused of manipulating U.S. politics and enabling the killing in Aleppo, and his favorability rating goes up. Seriously?
Trump has praised the regime's allies and endorsed Assad tactics that\u00a0violate international law, such as torture.
The U.S. Senate has essentially closed up shop and gone home. The now-empty desks in the Senate chamber translate into empty
Comfortable people don\u2019t change and racism is uncomfortable.
The UC Berkeley administration should cancel Milo Yiannopoulos\u2019s speaking engagement.
President-elect Donald Trump envisions public-private partnerships to finance his $1 trillion infrastructure plan. So-called
School-based police officers are paid to protect our kids. But sometimes they do more harm than good.
\u201cMr. Tillerson\u2019s cozy ties to Vladimir Putin and Russia would represent an untenable conflict at the State Department.\u201d
The clinics contend the state \enshrines into law an exceedingly narrow set of beliefs.\
They called for a congressional and DOJ investigation, and a National Intelligence Estimate.
\It's very well known that he has a very close relationship with Vladimir Putin.\
And most aren't sure whether or not they consider the president-elect a populist.
They have the money to do it, he argues.
Most now think Donald Trump was their best option as a nominee.
It's not Mitt Romney.
It's what the federal ethics office has been telling presidents since Watergate.
The workers' union chief says employees are \shocked\ and \concerned\ over the plan.
The \Hairspray\ star is the latest Hollywood celebrity to get serious about climate activism.
The measure would include restaurants, public schools, hotels and even nursing homes.
The state will see $150 million in tax revenue from the transactions.
Trump is expected to name Exxon Mobil's Rex Tillerson on Tuesday morning.
Perry famously forgot the name of the Department of Energy during a 2011 presidential debate. Oops.
\u201cHe obviously doesn\u2019t care much for the agency or any of the regulations it has promulgated.\
The president-elect announced the plan on Twitter late Monday.
Rep. Ryan Zinke's position on global warming is difficult to nail down.
Does that include a message to the president-elect?
Carter Page, kicked off the campaign because of his ties to Russia, says he's \personally excited\ about the likely secretary of State pick.
Both the president-elect and his pick for secretary of state have expressed skepticism about the sanctions.
Welcome to the good life.
Stein challenged results in 3 states. The only successful electoral review came to a close Monday, with Trump still winning Wisconsin.
\u201cMitt Romney is somebody I had respect for,\ Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid says. \I have none anymore.\u201d
He also vetoed the \heartbeat bill,\ which would have made abortions illegal before many women even know they're pregnant.
However,  the agency says \data gaps and uncertainties\u201d have limited its ability to \u201cfully assess the potential impacts on drinking water resources.\
The Supreme Court already struck down a similar law in Texas.
Tillerson, CEO of Exxon Mobil, has ties to Russia.
Sandford had attempted to grab the officer's gun after claiming he was trying to get Donald Trump's autograph in Las Vegas.
A Trump adviser attributed the holdup to \u201chow convoluted and complex many of these business holdings are.\u201d
The Satanic Temple claims it violates its beliefs.
An obvious phishing scam and a hasty email allowed hackers into campaign chair John Podesta's inbox.
The company was fined just three months ago over a massive scandal involving sham accounts.
We would do well to remember the lessons of our last comeback as we plan our next one.
Every president since Teddy Roosevelt has tried to use the bully pulpit. Some were more effective at it than others.
By Sam Lukens, Chenoah Lessenberry, Caroline Tyler, and Benjamin Knoll Given the extremely narrow margin of Donald Trump\u2019s
The worldview of Trump and those he\u2019s bringing into government is one in which seeking private interest is paramount.
Trump says the claims are \ridiculous.\
Chaka Fattah was convicted in June on more than 20 counts of racketeering, bribery and fraud.
They're a perfect match.
Talk about groveling.
A Latino political organization poll and exit polling showed different results for the group.
The Senate majority leader says \it defies belief\ that somehow  Republicans would look the other way, despite Donald Trump's belittling of CIA conclusions.
Proponents of declassifying the report expressed concern it would be destroyed once Donald Trump took office.
Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta supports the effort.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 Mitch McConnell
But he faces conflict of interest and anti-nepotism law challenges.
The former labor secretary issued a grave warning about the incoming commander in chief.
Along those lines
Democrats have no answer to an authoritarian maneuver.
At least 20 heavyweight investors including Amazon\u2019s Jeff Bezos and Virgin\u2019s Richard Branson are pledging their support.
\When one of us is threatened, we all have to speak out.\u201d
Tillerson's appointment would add another figure in Trump\u2019s cabinet with close ties to Russia.
\u201cA foreign government messing around in our elections is, I think, an existential threat to our way of life,\ he said.
With no plan to replace the Affordable Care Act, the Senate majority leader still plans to repeal it next month, then eventually \do better\ than the ACA.
U.S. District Judge Paul Diamond in Philadelphia said it \u201cborders on the irrational\u201d to suspect hacking occurred in Pennsylvania.
The call came after advocacy groups threatened a lawsuit and a video of officers taking away blankets went viral.
The 78-year-old justice won't give up his quest for a case that might one day abolish the death penalty.
When evidence points to a new suspect, state overturns rape verdict but fights payout for wrongful conviction
Andy Puzder, head of the Hardee's and Carl's Jr. burger chains, would be the top U.S. watchdog for workplace safety in Trump's administration.
\u201cTrump lives and thrives in a fact-free environment.\
It's a serious matter that we should just ignore, he seems to be saying.
According to conservative doctrine, Kansas and Texas ought to be booming, and California ought to be in the pits.
On December 5, the American legal system cast its vote on the fate of the Affordable Care Act (ACA). In May, U.S. District
Pew research conducted in the Fall of 2015 showed that trust in Washington was at an all-time low of 19%.
When all is really said and done, there\u2019s one basic point of disagreement between Gun-sense Nation on the one hand, and Gun
Don\u2019t let people distort this history or it could be repeated again.
Are you surprised that America elected a black president before a female president? Given the history of servitude, institutional
Over the last few months, Beijing\u2019s one China principle has encountered a range of difficulties. In Hong Kong, Beijing\u2019s
Philosophers, linguists and other smart folk have long noted that humankind is \u201cthe naming animal.\u201d We not only possess language
The forgotten war in Yemen and the unchecked war powers of the presidency in the age of Trump.
The defeat of Hillary Clinton was a consequence of a political crisis with roots extending back to 1964. The warning signs should have been obvious.
Public health officials are using data about disparities based on where people live to craft effective interventions. By
The president-elect may follow through with his authoritarian rhetoric.
\u201cAge could be very much an issue, and it may not be. It depends on the state of my health and the health of whomever is running.\
Intelligence officials at the CIA said Russia intended to help elect Donald Trump.
John Neely Kennedy is headed to Washington.
\I don\u2019t know why we have to be bound by a \u2018one China policy\u2019 unless we make a deal with China.\
At a Detroit rally, she vowed to \keep up the fight\ for a trustworthy voting system.
The president-elect says he's \u201cstudying\u201d the Paris agreement.
\I don\u2019t have to be told the same thing in the same words every single day.\u201d
The 2016 election has dimmed Democrats' optimism, and cheered up the GOP.
\I think it\u2019s just another excuse. I don\u2019t believe it.\
He has a \big stake\ in the show but will spend \zero time\ on the program, Trump tweeted.
There\u2019s an obvious trend in Trump\u2019s cabinet picks
There is little good data out there on the true numbers.
Republican and Democratic senators say it must not become a \partisan issue.\
In a post-truth political sphere, it\u2019s almost impossible to find consensus. Trump won the Electoral College resoundingly

It is now apparent that Russia's role in this election is one of the major stories that deserves attention from the media and from American citizens.

The U.S.-Australian citizen will advise the secretary of commerce.
The Michigan Republican Party Chair is credited with helping Trump win the state for the first time since 1988.
This has all the makings of \an illegal modern-day political witch hunt.\
Rex Tillerson has no government experience.
The Michigan election recount is over.
Rudy Giuliani was taken off the shortlist earlier on Friday.
Governor, you know what Trump is about to do to America.
Many people who opposed Donald Trump began wearing safety pins to signal their solidarity, their status as allies, and their
President-Elect Donald Trump continues to assemble his Cabinet of Deplorables.
We went into this election cycle knowing that both political parties faced real challenges. Republicans had created and fostered
Not a single candidate in 2016 campaigned on a promise to repeal and replace Social Security or Medicare. Anyone who did
\That plays great before the election. Now, we don\u2019t care, right?\u201d
Leading Republicans and Democrats say there must be a congressional investigation.
Trump camp dismisses The Washington Post's report, saying it's time to \Make America great again.\
Bolton is an extraordinarily hawkish choice.
\I have not changed Washington the way I wanted to change it,\ he tells Vice.
The president-elect needs to focus on \leading the world,\ he says.

Today, the story is happening right here in the United States. Our Ceau\u0219escu is the minority president-elect, Donald Trump. And our Romanian winter is climate change.


He may be Russia's choice, but without winning an unassailably honest election in America, by Americans, he will not be ours.
Somehow.
But Americans have a more positive outlook for his presidency than they did during the campaign.
Or cheer like mad at his departure.
In Congress, Democrats and Republicans alike are demanding more clarity about Moscow's role.
But then again, so is he.
Wisconsin is one of three states where Green Party candidate Jill Stein has pushed for recounts, even though they are unlikely to change the election result.
Gov. John Kasich hasn't decided whether he'll sign it into law.
In other words, she is acting like a politician.
Donors whose riches helped protect the Republican majority have lobbying interests before Congress.
The measure was aimed at easing the area's housing crisis.
Emeritus Professor William Clark said he was \put off\ by Trump's anti-immigration tweet.
And here's who they are.
Meet Andrew Puzder.
Ultra-rich loyalists are populating the president-elect's administration, transition team.
Gary Cohn has been offered the job of director of the National Economic Council.
The Washington state Republican would oversee decisions about energy development and public lands.
The Taiwan call laid \the foundation for a different relationship.\
Hardee's once agreed to pay workers nearly $60,000 after running afoul of overtime law. Trump's choice for labor secretary is head of that brand.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 Donald Trump
Students from Oaxaca had been planning to visit their sister city of Palo Alto.
\u201cIt is deeply disturbing that the president-elect has time for rallies but not for regular intelligence briefings.\
Trump vigorously criticized China during the campaign and recently made a controversial call to the leader of Taiwan.
The tribe at the heart of the embattled Dakota Access Pipeline is hoping to build a relationship with the incoming administration.
The state can legally refuse to list the non-birth mother.
The pipeline developers could still complete the project using the same route.
Sen. Joe Manchin said he hopes to enlist President-elect Donald Trump's help for the miners.
The justices agreed to stay one man's execution last month. But this week, they just said no in a similar case.
Probably just a coincidence, right?
Remaining contenders for secretary of state include Mitt Romney and an Exxon Mobil CEO.
Her comments come after a gunman showed up at a pizzeria to investigate a fake news story about a child sex ring there.
\They used to call it 'Man of the Year,' but they can\u2019t do that anymore.\
Yet another conflict of interest for the president-elect.
And not people of \modest means,\ the billionaire said.
The president-elect vowed to end the program that protects them.
The decision is a victory for Jill Stein, who had requested their disqualification.
\The right to marry without the freedom to marry the person of one\u2019s choice is no right at all,\ the tribe's attorney general wrote in his decision.
Republican officials say they have no plans to do so, but Democrats in the state are still on their guard.
And his ambassador to China.
Trump's choice, Scott Pruitt, should be a rallying point for the Democratic Party, they said.
Pharmaceutical stocks took a hit after his statements.
But a recent survey found that made-up news stories fooled Americans 75 percent of the time.
United Steelworkers 1999 President Chuck Jones said threats have \kicked up\ following Trump's Twitter attack.
\u201cThis is our country. This is our security. This is our safety.\
Under the proposed law, residents' votes wouldn't count unless they presented ID within 10 days of voting.
Trump runs the party now. And his hotel will benefit.
\This just feels like a violation of the compact between government and the public to protect us.\
Democratic-allied institutions aren't buying a recent smear campaign against the Minnesota liberal.
Of course it won't.
They're cheering all the \winning\ they'll do under Donald Trump.
\He's not doing enough,\ Rep. Luis Gutierrez says of the president.
Eleven months ago he said his kids would run his business.
The departing Senate minority leader spoke of plutocrats, George Orwell's advice to the press and the need for women to be in charge.
Washington Gov. Jay Inslee (D) says they'll be \a beacon of hope to the extent there is darkness coming out of Washington, D.C.\
Andy Puzder heads Carl\u2019s Jr., maker of burgers and soft-porn TV commercials. His job is to protect women's rights at work.
China is the world\u2019s second largest economy and a prime trading partner.
But did the president-elect actually listen to the climate advocate?
The number of migrants crossing the border without authorization is up more than 40 percent compared to the same month last year.
\This isn\u2019t lifting people up. This is actually penalizing people for speaking their minds,\u201d the former Labor secretary says.
Scrapping the filibuster for top federal posts was the right thing to do, the Democratic leader maintains.
The man who's helmed Hardee's and Carl's Jr. could become the nation's top workplace watchdog. Best of luck, Fight for $15.
That recount effort is now on life support.
The extension is critical for these men and women, some of whom spent decades behind bars for crimes they never committed.
Lawmakers say the group is bloated, and have been working to shrink it since last year.
Pentagon wastrels breathe a sigh of relief as the president-elect draws attention to imaginary Air Force One cost overruns.
\It\u2019s reducing my entire professional career and background to this one word,\ she said.
They've been hoping the president-elect will do for them what he did for Carrier workers.
Just 17 percent of Donald Trump voters want him to appoint people with government experience.
\u00af\\_(\u30c4)_/\u00af
While the former CIA director is making a political comeback, her life remains in limbo.
If confirmed, Scott Pruitt would lead the same agency he's currently suing over water protections.
He got out while the getting was good, that's for sure.
Say what?
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 Donald Trump
In the coming years, our courts are likely to see serious challenges to our constitutional protections, democratic traditions, and civil liberties.
Donald Trump has tapped Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt to replace current EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy.
He has four years to think it over.
While Trump lays out his plan for the military.
Party leaders were ready to fight back at their first post-election mass gathering.
Sen. James Inhofe gave the retiring Californian a touching send-off
A recount that started Monday continues until further notice.
Texas Republicans' anti-LGBT proposals could cost the state up to $8.5 billion and more than 100,000 jobs, according to a Texas Association of Business report.
Ilhan Omar was harassed after leaving the White House on Wednesday.
It also includes funding for Flint, Michigan, and expedited consideration of the waiver needed to make Gen. James Mattis the Defense Secretary.
I mean, they were wrong. But still.
But they do think he needs to choose between being the president and being a businessman.
\Anita Hill, you showed us all that we must never be afraid to take on the powerful.\
Welcome to the \war on seniors.\
Government officials buried evidence that the Defense Department was wasting money, according to The Washington Post.
Sooner or later, millions will lose health insurance.
The DNC race shifts to a debate over economic populism.
Businesses pledge to carry on the fight with or without Trump's support.
Workers at these companies are waiting.
That's before some women even realize they're pregnant.
Different surveys yield different reactions to Trump's effort to stop a company from offshoring jobs.
The president listed his top achievements as president, knowing his successor might dismantle them all.
\u201cWe welcome him to play a greater role in advancing the development of China-U.S. relations.\u201d
They want the intelligence community to brief all lawmakers on what it knows about the Russian role.
The \provocation rule\ only works in one part of the country. The justices may not be willing to let it go further.
The transition team had reportedly requested a security clearance for Mike Flynn Jr., son of Gen. Mike Flynn, Trump's appointee for national security adviser.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 Time magazine
This is an astounding thing for a president-elect to claim.
Scott Pruitt has a history of working with the oil and gas industry.
Trump may have backed away from a blanket ban, but what's on the table is still alarming.
We're not the least bit surprised.
It peddles debunked claims about abortion's link to mental illness, cancer and infertility.
There's been a lot of whiplash in 2016.
\She got a little upset,\ State Sen. Kris Jordan said. \Girls do that.\
A provision would protect miners' health care benefits but not their dwindling pensions.
The president-elect's Cabinet is shaping up to be a team of generals and billionaires.
Until around 9 p.m. on November 8, just about everyone in the gun violence prevention (GVP)\u00a0community, myself included, thought
The Republican senator plans to avoid talking about the Republican president-elect until next year.
A pair of bills would end the tax on menstrual products and make them free at schools and shelters.
Casket factories are closing in two states, and the people affected hope Trump can revive their jobs.
Trump's team apparently wants the public to take it on faith.
Translation
\u201cI think taking tough questions from journalists is part of the job, and I wish you all the very best,\ he said.
Bill de Blasio is asking for $35 million to reimburse the city.
With no conviction despite clear footage of the horrific shooting, we're left to wonder what a criminal killing would look like.
With funding expiring Friday, Democrats haven't seen the spending plan the GOP is expected to release soon, and warned it needed to be \free of poison pill riders\ to pass.
The man who helped push Boehner out is now heading the most conservative group in Congress.
And the biggest winner of them all is Wall Street's toughest cop.
There are 538 people with the fate of the election in their hands, and they can now seek counsel from high-powered lawyers.
The Senate passed a bill that included funding for his cancer moonshot initiative \u2014 and dedicated it to his late son, Beau.
Senate Democrats predict repealing the Affordable Care Act will be a \huge calamity\ for Republicans -- and for America.
Few are inclined to give the media the benefit of the doubt.
The deputies' notes reveal deeply disturbing and unconstitutional behavior by members of law enforcement in county jails.
It's time America \stand up to these bullies and say we\u2019re not gonna let you do this.\
And the speculation begins.
The justices will have a hard time drawing a line that makes everyone happy.
While Petraeus could represent the U.S. around the world, Paula Broadwell hangs in limbo.
\u201cWe\u2019ll have specifics after the president is sworn in,\u201d a spokesman said.
Lobbying groups are concerned about losing more than half a trillion dollars -- which would threaten access to care.
Proposed solutions include a constitutional amendment as well as scrapping the winner-take-all rule.
\u201cWe don\u2019t have time to lick our wounds, to hope for a different election outcome,\ the former vice president warns.
When news hit Sunday that the Army Corps of Engineers were officially denying the permit for the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL
Believe in truth.
Donald Trump is a master marketer. He knows what he wants from people and he knows how to get it. Furthermore, he\u2019s willing
Think Teddy Roosevelt
\Hillary Clinton was the wrong candidate for this election.\
This concept might seem oxymoronic.
Italians have voted in record numbers on Sunday to reject a series of constitutional reforms proposed by Prime Minister Matteo
On Twitter.
\It\u2019s the first step toward an electoral system that is just,\ she said.
The retired neurosurgeon is as prepared to be HUD secretary as a pilot who didn't go to flight school, says Rep. Ted Lieu.
A majority of the state voted for Hillary Clinton, but the president-elect is becoming more popular among residents.
Yeah, traditionally, Republicans have been against trade wars.
Will Romney get it? What about the new Exxon guy? You'll have to tune in to the finale to find out!
He hinted that President Barack Obama might also work on this when he's out of office.
And coverage will be better. And people with pre-existing conditions will still get coverage. And everyone will get a free pony!
A plurality say the media has been too negative toward Donald Trump, but a similar percentage think his treatment of the press is unacceptable.
Trump, who vowed during his campaign he would label China a currency manipulator, continued some of his hard-line rhetoric on Sunday.
House Republicans sued Obama to block health care subsidies. After Trump's win, they changed their minds.
\u201cI fired until the threat was stopped, like I\u2019m trained to do,\u201d  he said.
Advocates say the detention facilities are too much like prison for children.
The House speaker can't prove Trump's allegations of voter fraud, but he doesn't think the lies are a problem.
Pat McCrory filed for a statewide recount as well as election protests in 52 counties.
So why is Donald Trump considering Petraeus for secretary of state?
The head of Hardee's and Carl's Jr could potentially be in charge of workplace safety and wage theft investigations.
The future first daughter is reportedly planning to make climate change one of her signature issues.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 We look forward
The bill also allocates billions to medical research and Vice President Joe Biden's cancer moonshot.
State officials relinquish millions of dollars that could fix the problems
Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse is worried the United States can't move forward without climate reform.
If there is a silver lining inside the acid-cloud of Donald Trump\u2019s Electoral College victory, it\u2019s that Americans have been
I have decided to embrace the idea of discomfort and the feeling of abnormality.
The specter of a Trump White House is unconscionable and traumatizing to many. Some have suggested that we give the president
This victory has the potential to be the beginning of something even greater.
Paul Ryan and Tom Price seek to replace the ACA How will President-elect Donald Trump and the Republican-led Congress change
by Eric Umansky All the way back in March, Dartmouth political science professor Brendan Nyhan wrote a prescient tweetstorm
Maybe you\u2019ve heard of the \u201cFive Stages of Grief.\u201d First, there\u2019s shock and denial. That\u2019s what I experienced on election
This anti-trade rhetoric is alarming in the 21st century.
The party was hosted by the Mercer family, one of his biggest donors.
\u201cThe Stein campaign will continue to fight for a statewide recount.\
Even with recount efforts in Michigan and Wisconsin, the amount of electoral votes that would have to flip for Clinton to win the election is now out of reach.
Trump mouthed mouth \u201cme,\u201d and pointed to himself when asked who he was dressed as for the party at a donor's home.
Mike Pence called it Trump's \opinion.\
The president-elect risks opening a trade war with other countries.
Vice President-elect Mike Pence said Trump hadn't called the Chinese government to discuss it.
Right now that money helps poor and middle-class people get health care.
No, the Minnesota congressman\u2019s candidacy to head the Democratic National Committee is not \u201ctoast.\u201d
Hopefully, Trump will give a Jeffersonian inaugural address, healing and inspiring the nation. But all Americans should take
With all these generals being called out of retirement to serve as Donald Trump\u2019s \u201ccivilian\u201d advisers, whether it\u2019s General
Let\u2019s dig a little deeper into what makes Lahren and her supporters tick.
My wife and I look forward joining you on Monday.
Her words showed a stunning lack of empathy.
President Obama kept his\u00a0word when he said that, \u201cthere is a way for us to accommodate the sacred lands of Native Americans
It\u2019s \u201ctrickle-down\u201d economics dressed in populist garb.
This is going to be a long four, hopefully not eight, years.
The \historic\ decision comes as thousands of protesters gather on the Standing Rock Sioux reservation.
\u201cIt comes down to what the president has said many times before
She's dusting off her playbook from 2006, when Democrats climbed their way out of the minority.
There\u2019s still hope and momentum behind paid parental and sick leave.
It doesn't take long.
Loretta Lynch is sending federal mediators to protect peace at Standing Rock.
Trump broke with decades of foreign policy by speaking with the leader of Taiwan Friday.
\u201cThe one China principle is the political basis of the China-U.S. relationship.\u201d
President-elect doesn't want to read your snarky quips.
Rexnord is near the Carrier factory where the president-elect cut a deal to save jobs.
Trump has been very critical of Bergdahl, whose desertion court-martial is approaching
\Republicans oppose this sinfully stupid practice, remember?\ she reminded the president-elect.
Now that President-elect Donald Trump appears to have walked back on his campaign promise to form a deportation force and
Americans had no sooner gained back their lost minds over the conversation President-Elect Donald Trump had with Pakistan\u2019s
A few weeks ago I got rid of my cable service. I\u2019m not much of a TV watcher, but I do love the news. NBC Nightly News was
Why did they rush to pass it without debate or discussion?
So, has everyone had their fill of turkey leftovers? Well, taking a quick look at Donald Trump's cabinet choices should suffice
President-elect Donald Trump has selected retired Marine General James Mattis to exercise civilian control over the Department
The science guy wants to keep drilling and mining out of the national parks.
She wrote off working people.
Religion plays a major role in the way Betsy DeVos thinks about education.
Protesters have been ordered to evacuate by Monday, but many are resolved to stay and protect the sacred land.
The Daily Show provides compelling proof that some views don\u2019t deserve a platform.


The Civitas Institute is waging a war against same-day registration.
The congressman said he'll instead join protesters on Inauguration Day.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 President-elect
Trump negotiated the jobs deal with Carrier months later, a spokeswoman said.
\I cannot and will not change my mind,\ the juror said.
Ron Wyden is worried the report could be destroyed under the Trump administration if it's not made a federal record.
Jill Stein's Green Party has requested recounts in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin to ensure the results are legitimate.
Why bother NASA when you can get your climate news from Breitbart?
A Harvard Institute of Politics discussion devolved into a shouting match over \u2018Alt-Right,\u2019 \u2018Lock Her Up\u2019
And at a fancy post-election dinner, these two clowns get their just desserts.
There's no evidence to support his claim, unsurprisingly.
The post-election reforms look more substantial than they really are.
\ud83e\udd14
The new head of Trump's agriculture team used to carry water for PepsiCo and DuPont.
Even many who want the program gone think Republicans should come up with a replacement first.
\Where'd you get your PhD? Trump University?\ he tweeted.
Including the media bashing.
\u201cIt\u2019s egregious,\u201d Lewandowski said.
The U.S. and most of the international community acknowledge China\u2019s claim of sovereignty over Taiwan.
Trump's foreign policy moves, such as this one with the \Trump of the East\, has made some experts uneasy.
The District is looking to reshape its public health landscape by 2020.
It's unclear whether Gov. Greg Abbott has the authority to enforce his anti-immigrant ultimatum.
Mattis faces a legal challenge if he accepts the job.
Manhattan's favorite salmon-colored tabloid is fixing to take on a more orange hue.
Party leaders are suspicious of their presidential nominee\u2019s post-election strategy.
They could push for harsh new immigration restrictions \u2014 on a national scale.
The Affordable Care Act's coverage expansion enabled people to get medical treatment, but at a cost.
He told some lies and attacked the media -- pretty much like he did before he won the election.
Trump, who believes millions voted illegally, blasts Jill Stein's requested recount as a \farce\ that will trigger \constitutional chaos.\
\It\u2019s impossible to predict what Trump is going to do next.\
The deal saved hundreds of jobs, but hundreds are still going to Mexico.
Bringing back manufacturing jobs is an impossibility not even someone who can single-handedly defeat ISIS could pull off.
The meaning of the Emoluments Clause is fairly clear. And it all goes back to a diamond-encrusted snuffbox Ben Franklin got
A look at the Commerce and Treasury picks.
But under UK law, the unionization effort is effectively a done deal.
Yes, really.
Protesters have spent months rallying against plans to route the $3.8 billion Dakota Access Pipeline beneath a lake near the Standing Rock Sioux reservation.
Current RNC Chairman Reince Priebus has been tapped to serve as Trump\u2019s chief of staff.
\It\u2019s no longer the case that the white fringe dwellers are on the fringe \u2014 they are literally in power now.\
Trump\u2019s intervention saved 800 jobs, but Bernie Sanders says the company shouldn't have gotten a tax break.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 President-elect
Several senators want to change the rules to ensure all senior appointees take a step the president-elect never did.
A report saying private detention will continue was approved, but with a huge caveat.
Becerra has represented Los Angeles in Congress since 1993.
Educators around the country have reported extensive bullying, fear among their students and offensive graffiti.
And many who oppose the law think Republicans should craft an alternative before taking it away.
Just about one-third of all Americans want to see the former Democratic nominee investigated
Congress doesn't need to act for the U.S. to keep its ability to quickly snap sanctions back into place.
Donald Trump\u2019s pick for attorney general, long a climate denier, gave a bizarre interview about global warming in 2015.
Anti-immigration Republicans had torpedoed the special visa program in July.
And police in states without background checks on all handgun sales were twice as likely to be shot, according to new data.
The Vermont senator is not happy about the tax giveaways involved in getting the company to stay.
Reporting otherwise is irresponsible.
Fact check
A hotel mogul will now get to determine whether more workers get overtime pay.
Trump pressured Carrier during his campaign over its intent to move jobs to Mexico.
The public relations element of the presidency matters, as Donald Trump is showing.
\Tribal rights and interests have taken a back seat for far too long in our nation,\ Tom Udall says.
Principle isn't dead everywhere.
You can't just leave 22 million people and the entire health care industry hanging for three years.
Nancy Pelosi just got re-elected to lead the House Democrats, but almost a third of them voted for a much younger representative
The future of the Democratic Party is a coalition of people of color and progressive white people that can speak to concerns about racial and economic justice.
We don\u2019t yet know what Mr. Trump specifically has in mind about Afghanistan.
Oceti Sakowin inhabitants given eviction notice On Friday, November 26th, the Army Corps of Engineers released a letter outlining
This didn\u2019t feel like an election. I\u2019ve voted in elections and weathered their results, for better or worse, for 28 years
I failed to realize that our brand of patriotism is not necessarily understood by others.
In addition to the clothing line, the Trump Home collection trademark is registered in India.
President-elect Trump scored a remarkable PR victory by saving 1,000 of the 2,100 jobs that Carrier and it\u2019s parent company
Consumer advocates and marketing experts argue that gag clauses actually make businesses worse off.
\This is the biggest threat we have seen, to be frank.\
The peaceful protests \woke up something inside me that was good.\
Turns out being president is a full-time job.
\u201cIt could lead to a weapons program inside of Iran that could lead other states in the region to embark on their own programs.\u201d
The trip has been called \u201ca strong signal to Canadians on the importance of this province to the United States.\u201d
Jurors should be told to question any police testimony involving incidents that should have been recorded but weren't, according to a new report.
The race between Democrat Foster Campbell and Republican John Kennedy could affect the Trump agenda.
He says it's \visually important\ to do so.
\There is a great degree of worry about Trump giving permission to do harm in our communities.\
\u201cWe\u2019ve got an ongoing crisis to this day,\u201d the Natural Resources Defense Council says.
Nancy Pelosi has led House Democrats so long she remembers when Virginia Foxx was the craziest member of the opposition. Senate
The justices will decide whether immigration laws, or the Constitution itself, prevent non-citizens from being detained for years on end.
Donald Trump\u2019s stunning victory in the presidential contest unleashed talk of recounts.
The Trump administration makes the future uncertain for the agency.
Critics are calling out Steve Mnuchin's loyalty to Wall Street -- and accusing the president-elect of hypocrisy.
Romney, Trump and Reince Priebus dined on frog legs at a French restaurant at one of Trump's hotels.
A program at this charter school throws teens on the edge a lifeline
When Donald Trump's transportation secretary nominee led the Labor Department, auditors found it wasn't performing one of its most basic duties.
Those who use and study the plant say an outright ban could do serious harm.
\u201cBrilliant! Divestiture is good for you, very good for America!\u201d  the Office of Government Ethics tweeted.
Sen. John Hoeven blamed the president for increasingly violent clashes.
It had bipartisan support, but some Republicans just didn't like the idea of sending daughters into war.
\u201cI always thought of America as much better than that.\
President-elect Donald Trump has been focused on Carrier, but there are several others.
Todd Ricketts hails from a family of billionaire political donors.
Elaine Chao has her work cut out for her.
\Treyvon lost his life to the senseless violence he was working to prevent.\
Rep. Jason Chaffetz wants to give Trump \some time.\
\The Presidency is a far more important task!\u201d
But more than 60 Democrats voted against her. That's bad.
The 21st Century Cures Act has some incredible upsides to go along with a shady underbelly. There's a reason lawmakers both love and hate it.
I spoke with former co-Senate Majority Leaders Tom Daschle and Trent Lott about their co-authored book,\u00a0Crisis Point
There is belated but considerable press attention to Donald Trump\u2019s nearly inextricable conflicts of interest
Throughout the campaign and since, Mr. Trump has made clear his environmental stance.
Along the campaign trail, now President-elect Donald Trump boasted to many American voters that he wouldn't cut Social Security
Historically, these techniques have been used by demagogues to erode the freedom and independence of the press.
There are growing schisms in this country and the anger is palpable.
Rep. Price is a long-time critic of the Affordable Care Act.
Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy says all these investigations lately have been a \bad thing.\
85 percent think the country is more deeply divided on major issues than in recent years.
The dismissal follows protests filed in 52 counties alleging voter fraud.
A House leader seems to think so. A Senate leader does not.
The Senate majority leader has a history on this First Amendment issue.
However, the handwritten hate speech may not be a crime.
Even Bernie Sanders is on his side.
But Clinton voters are more likely to say things got better over the past year.
This isn't the first time the former House speaker has called out Trump.
Tension is increasing as life-threatening weather sets in and the Trump presidency nears.
It would have let government contractors fire LGBTQ employees in the name of religious liberty.
Maybe the Arizona senator thinks he can avoid answering questions about his party's standard-bearer forever.
\Bring me one woman who has been left behind,\ Price said. \There's not one.\
Eloy Detention Center, where the woman was awaiting deportation, is America's deadliest.
He called both men \authoritarian\ leaders who \impose their wills\ upon their nation's people.
The man called two Chinese women \u201cc**ts* and \u201cwhores,\u201d and told them to go back to Tokyo.
She previously served as deputy transportation secretary under George H.W. Bush.
TOP STORIES LOCAL ZIKA VIRUS TRANSMISSION FOUND IN TEXAS The first locally transmitted case in the state was found in Cameron
The food company joins Warby Parker, Allstate and others in severing relations with the conservative outlet.
Rep. Tom Price's spokesman later said he does believe President Barack Obama was born in the U.S.
Yet another potential conflict of interest for the president-elect.
\There\u2019s nothing normal about what we\u2019re about to experience. We've got to be peaceful warriors.\
This could set a terrifying precedent.
\u201cThese challenges share one thing in common
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 To say that Donald
He blames \severe winter weather\ but says no one will be allowed back.
Another conflict of interest for the president-elect.
It's about time Trump realizes \he's not a billionaire TV star -- he's the president of the United States.\
She called it \pathetic\ that Rep. Tim Ryan says she just wants more power.
\'Post-truth' is just a new spin on an old concept.\
Donald Trump and Sen. Sessions have both made disparaging comments about people with disabilities.
It\u2019s official. The newspaper of record, a.k.a. the\u00a0New York Times, has just announced its support of a new government statement
As strange as it may seem, the Electoral College does not have to elect Donald Trump president on December 19 when the electors
Consumers increasingly are demanding farmers change the way they raise livestock and poultry. But some farmers are pushing
It would be a travesty to allow a tampered-with result to go forward.
There are 72 days between Election Day and the Inauguration on January 20th. These are the most important and predictive
And how the media covers the president-elect's tweets.
The president-elect specifically promised to help Carrier workers.
The Texas elector wrote in a blog post that he'll \sleep well at night\ knowing he held on to his convictions.
Please clap!
Get up close with these images from HuffPost RYOT.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 Happy November
A friend of Steve Bannon said he told her disenfranchising people who didn\u2019t own property wasn\u2019t a bad thing.
He wasn't operating in a vacuum.
Chris Callaway is hoping to push back against stereotypes.
That claim about \millions of people\ voting illegally? There's no evidence whatsoever.
It's not a perfect science, but it adds substance to the president-elect's \definitive\ list of candidates.
The Vermont senator announced legislation to keep manufacturing jobs in the U.S.
You know, because it's kind of their job.
Trump\u2019s unsubstantiated claims renew fundamental questions of what\u2019s behind the president-elect\u2019s erratic behavior.
The $1 million question
Gun-related homicides in Florida jumped nearly 32 percent since 2005, according to new report.
Since 1973, I have been a professor of constitutional law. The Supreme Court is at the very center of my professional life
As the notion of a Donald Trump presidency has gradually begun to creep from lucid nightmare towards unavoidable reality
What better emotions to get even more audience involvement than anger and fear?
In district after winnable district, Nancy Pelosi has been tied like a rock around the neck of Democratic hopefuls and incumbents alike.
Dear College-Educated Liberal White Men, Fear does not become you, so I understand. That is why you tell me that everything
It\u2019s exciting to see some pundits recognizing that Trump won partly because people thought he had big plans to rebuild the
This post is a different style than my typical blogs. It has been described by an early, anonymous reader (who I happened
Businesses say laws in 10 states that bar surcharges for credit card purchases, but allow cash discounts, encroach on their
The United States is on the cusp of a major constitutional crisis, the like of which has not been seen since at least the
Cuba is now the gateway for America\u2019s foreign policy in Latin America.
Many people are scared about the potential impacts of a Trump presidency. I and the leaders in my community issued this statement
The president-elect's campaign manager is now officially against Mitt Romney's nomination for the post.
The Vermont senator wanted to talk about holding Donald Trump accountable.
\So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad,\ Trump tweeted early Sunday morning.
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ordered protesters to leave by Dec. 5, citing concern over public safety amid high tension on the proposed development.
\He is going to require some movement or some schedule of movement.\
His presidency will likely be disastrous for global efforts to mitigate climate change.
Now he's trying to undermine Hillary Clinton's popular vote win.
I grew up very sheltered in a small part of Canada. Actually, it\u2019s gotten some attention this election. Cape Breton Island
More than a week after the 2016 U.S. election, many people are still in shock at the result. People are still trying to piece
If Beck can change, then racism is not permanent.
People who already have hatred in their hearts now have permission to say it out loud.
The day after Thanksgiving, the Army Corps of Engineers gave an eviction notice, December 5, 2016, to the largest gathering
Trump continues to eschew protocol in his contact with foreign leaders -- suggesting more conflicts of interest could arise.
The next president has tough choices to make as Taliban forces push forward.
Both men felt the sting of an establishment that rejected them.


Hundreds of protesters have until Dec. 5 to get out or face prosecution.
\This is a scam by the Green Party for an election that has already been conceded, and the results of this election should be respected instead of being challenged and abused, which is exactly what Jill Stein is doing.\
The campaign also said it would participate in recounts in Pennsylvania and Michigan if they went forward.
Other world leaders offered more thoughtful reactions.
Obama restored diplomatic relations with the island nation after decades of mutual enmity.
Stein initially asked for $2.5 million to be donated for the filing fees for three voting recounts.
In 2012, President Barack Obama used his executive discretion to establish the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA
Islamophobia will not solve the security problems of the United States.
I fear for America.
Because Kajuan is Black and was killed by the police, we instead look for any and every possible way to justify his death.
First in a series of of editorials by the author in response to Donald Trump\u2019s improbable ascendance to the Oval office. Also
When there is fear, social progress ceases to exist.
Never let the truth get in the way of a good story \u2013 Mark Twain. To those who want to make America great again, it\u2019s a story
Remember the birther movement?
\You Muslims are a vile and filthy people.\
The senator's father participated in the early days of the Cuban revolution before fleeing the island.
They recounted the late dictator's human rights crimes.
There are two Alt-Rights and distinguishing between them is critical to defeating them.
He is the only Nobel Peace Laureate to have spilled the most blood after being declared winner.
Last week, I joined several hundred protesters in a sit-in in front of the Army Corps of Engineers\u2019 Headquarters in Washington
If you\u2019re pro-life then you can\u2019t support unrestricted gun rights.
It should be said that regardless of whoever is the main voice of the anti-Trump resistance should be greatly supported by a whole choir of other voices-- elected officials, public intellectuals and pundits, and the throngs of citizens who take to the streets at strategically chosen moments bearing strategically chosen messages.
Yeah, it's okay for us to continue to treat Trump and Pence with disrespect. We're just following the example of its most zealous practitione
An estimated 58% of white voters in the 2016 election cast a ballot for Donald Trump. And since the stunning election results of November 8, there's been a growing narrative that seeks to explain why they flocked to him in droves.

As a feminist and a progressive liberal, I have watched this election with a kind of horror.
By now we've all heard about it. Facebook has a fake news problem, a rampant epidemic of phony and outrageous headlines in which a fraction-of-a-penny-per-click gets traded for lies.
A lot of us are looking for ways to get involved; we just don't know what to do. The important thing to know is that we are not helpless. However, we must work together to make change.

Trump is about to find out how Washington works. Or doesn't work.
\Make our day.\
Thousands chanted it at Trump rallies, but the Senate leader doesn't think a lobbyist-ridden government affects their lives.
Trump tapped a top elections lawyer and a former aide to Henry Kissinger for his team.
The key to recapturing white working-class voters is to listen and act on their economic concerns.
Two of the meal's dishes were named after him.
What was once just random noise could now trigger troop movements and market turmoil.
Change isn't what Americans wanted; it\u2019s what they\u2019re afraid of.
I have mixed feelings about the Electoral College. The political left (historically, philosophically) tends to favor equality
Trump might seem like a peculiarly American problem. But he isn\u2019t.
The only barrier between him and a total \u2018win\u2019 is journalism.
\We are thankful for Hillary Clinton, an American hero!\
\I didn't like Clinton at all, but her positions are much better than Trump's on every issue I can think of.\
The fir is 19 feet tall.
The Obama coalition turned out to be pretty weak, but Trump's might be even weaker.
President-elect Donald Trump has made no utterance since his election about who he will tap to fill the Antonin Scalia vacancy on the High Court. However, this hasn't stopped others from endlessly speculating about just who that might be.

It's time, America. It's either a two-state divorce, or \Heil, Trump\ will be coming to your neighborhood as it has already come to mine.


Sophia Wilansky, 21, may lose her arm from a blast fellow protesters said was caused by a stun grenade.
The laptop of a contract employee was hacked.
And they called it \Franksgiving.\
Now his campaign director is weighing in.
Roberto Azevedo said he hasn't spoken with the president-elect but is ready to do so.
\Mr. Trump\u2019s decisions will be based upon solid science, not politicized science,\ Bob Walker says.
Dogan Holding, which owns Trump Towers Istanbul, has butted heads with Erdogan's government.
Repealing the law could devastate many folks in Republican-held ares.
The fundraiser surpassed its $2 million goal late Wednesday night.
\u201cYou said, \u2018Let\u2019s not make this just a dream,' and right now it kind of feels like it was a dream.\
How a brilliant real estate developer can halt the incoming tides. The story is that in the Middle Ages, Canute the Great
Mitt Romney may soon be faced with a dilemma. If Donald Trump offers him the job of secretary of State, should Mitt take
\ud83d\ude22
Listen to voices of the movement share their stories.
The president-elect may believe that\u2019s a good thing. But governance experts are alarmed.
This raises serious questions about the woman who would potentially be in charge of U.S. public schools.
It's clear that breaking down patriarchal power structures will require more of us to accept women as their leaders, and more women to contend to be accepted as leaders.
Then perhaps you could tell a more recent story of Indians and cowboys. Of the Standing Rock Sioux and Energy Transfer Partners in a stand off over a stretch of land; that spot where Montana meets North Dakota, that is rich in oil reserves.

Few are bracing for an argument over dinner.
Nikki Haley, Ben Carson and more.
Advocates worry billionaire Betsy DeVos will gut public education.
He received less support from black and Hispanic voters than any president in at least 40 years.
This year's lucky birds are named Tater and Tot.
And her lead is projected to continue increasing.
Two lawmakers question if there is even a dividing line between Trump's presidency and his business ventures.
A Carson aide said just last week that the retired neurosurgeon felt he wasn't qualified to accept a Cabinet role.
Presidents can't hire their family members. But Gingrich says Donald Trump could figure out how to put his son-in-law in the administration anyway.
The chairman of the Homeland Security Committee wants Obama appointees purged.
The senator who has vowed to challenge Donald Trump once gushed about him on TV.
The Green Party nominee quickly raises more than $2 million to fund actions in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania.
Haley has little international experience.
The birds tend to gobble up all the attention.
Meanwhile, the U.S. braces for a climate denier president and American companies lag far behind.
\u201cEvery place we have gone something bad has happened,\u201d a Somali woman said. \u201cNow, we don\u2019t know where to go.\u201d
They claim electronic voting machine tallies in key states show discrepancies that hurt Clinton.
The president-elect rewarded GOP megadonor Betsy DeVos with the position of education secretary.
Major teachers unions endorsed Hillary Clinton, but some educators are excited to see what Trump will bring to the table.
It's a brilliant attempt to hit back at Vice President-elect Mike Pence.
An adviser for the retired neurosurgeon previously said Carson didn't think he was qualified for a cabinet post.
The injunction delays one of the president's major reforms at a crucial time.
One of Gun-sense Nation\u2019s primary concerns that will now linger in an unfinished state is the question of funding public
Moving forward, I will pay for the news I value. Like many, I often find ways to log in from another device when I\u2019m notified
States may face $1.6 billion in new Medicaid costs next year. By Michael Ollove Higher prescription drug prices, combined
Trump appointments could lock in a conservative majority for decades.
There is more than just a passing methodological debate at stake in the question over what went wrong in the predictive models
Some holiday disagreements are easy to resolve
Donald Trump recently released a list of things he plans on doing when he assumes the presidency on January 20. Oh, my god
\I come from a different era.\
What a lineup
\u201cTrump\u2019s plan is corporate welfare coming and going.\u201d
A small number of influential Republicans in the Senate are threatening to block appointments to Trump\u2019s administration, derail his thaw with Russia and prevent the planned wall on the border with Mexico.
\There is some connectivity.\
There is no other Donald Trump.
That false outrage is really cute, y'all.
The governor signed HB 2, a law that hurts the state's lesbian, gay and transgender residents.
Pass the sweet potatoes and please hold the post-election commentary.
But not everyone thinks it will be a change for the better.
\The Holocaust did not begin with killings
Or are Trump's senior aides lying about Priebus?
Millions value their coverage -- and worry what the GOP would do instead.
\There are many, many people throughout this country who are very frightened about what will happen over the next four years.\
In the 2013-2014 school year, more than 100,000 students were subjected to some form of corporal punishment.
It's all the media's fault, of course.
Trump world sparring over secretary of state\u00a0selection According to the Wall Street Journal, Donald Trump is \u201cleaning toward
They want inspectors general to keep the Trump administration from turning into a kleptocracy.
The cable network has a very short memory, apparently.
Jennifer Meyers was one of the many victims of a system that incarcerates people because they can't pay fees or fines.
\u201cI think you can anticipate that we will keep going until the end.\
\They will regret the day they did it.\u201d
His transition team releases a brief statement \to denounce racism of any kind.\
\u201cHe\u2019s writing his legacy in his first few weeks
Farage is one of the leaders of the successful referendum fight for Britain to leave the European Union.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said the trade deal \has no meaning\ without the U.S.
The billionaire is offering up his elite club of mayors to fight the president-elect's environment plans.
The Victor Pinchuk Foundation gave $150,000 to the Trump Foundation in 2015.
Harmed by the system once, these former inmates face harm again by never knowing what they're owed.
Now that Trump will be president, the GOP wants time to write a new health law.
\u201cThe law\u2019s totally on my side,\ he said.
There was a universe of voters on the fence. What the campaign did to reach them has splintered its ranks.
Martin Gottesfeld says he's been placed in solitary confinement and is barred from placing calls to his family and attorneys.
He even wore his famous aviators.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 Today is the
\Lock her up\ has been replaced with a shrug and a pledge to move on.
Three former federal prisoners have a message for the president who gave them their freedom.
\Price\u2019s hateful record on LGBTQ issues shows that he lacks an understanding of basic human rights and dignity,\ GLAAD's president said.
States welcome President-elect Donald Trump\u2019s $1 trillion infrastructure plan. But their need is more than three times that
Deficit hawk sightings used to be quite common in Washington, D.C., but early indications are that this bird\u2019s about to become
You have unleashed and unified progressive voices from every corner of America.
The 2016 election was a stunning blow to the movement to get big money out of politics. At worst, a Hillary Clinton presidency
Because 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. apparently isn't enough.
Chris Christie and Rudy Giuliani also attended the meetings.
The Senate majority leader is jockeying for position with Trump\u2019s White House.
Meanwhile, reporters speculated about the scorpion cookies in the room.
\I've never seen anything like this. Never.\
The picks just keep coming.
Democrats face tough odds in picking off a crucial Senate seat in Louisiana.
The public gives everyone bad grades, with more than 90 percent seeing more mudslinging than usual.
The governor is strengthening his fight for civil rights as discriminatory attacks increase.
Fight for $15 plans protests, delivers clear rebuke to the president-elect.
Did reporters, for example, refer to them as white nationalists?
An Argentine journalist says the president-elect raised the issue during a congratulatory call.
Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn said in July that the military's attempt to overthrow the government was \worth clapping for.\ Now he calls Turkey an ally.
As Americans prepare for climate policy reversals, their northern neighbor introduces a plan to drastically cut coal usage by 2030.
It was absolutely heartwarming.
But more than one-quarter of those who didn't vote say they wish they had.
Republicans want us to trust they can come up with something better in two years. The insurance market could collapse while we wait.
Mr. Ryan has made quite a career and a name for himself, thanks in part to a social program he's trying his utmost to destroy.
At 72, I experienced election night with a 103-degree temperature, so it was literally a fever-dream for me. And in a certain
What are the small changes that we are willing to make happen?
First published at Nonsite.org Leaning into the mic, face flushed, speaking with unhurried and angry deliberation, Donald
May your time with your family this Thanksgiving be full of gratitude.
Flynn might be a little \extended,\ said former NSA chief Michael Hayden.
\u201cWe\u2019re going to have a president again who will never say what we\u2019ll never do,\u201d Pence said.
Will there ever be another vice president with so much swag?
The president-elect had some choice words for the \highly overrated\ Broadway hit.
The first Jewish Senate minority leader still believes he can challenge the president-elect to do some good.
The future first lady will remain in New York until her 10-year-old son finishes school.
I\u2019ve been crying for the men who are afraid to empower their daughters and the other women around them.
Let there be no doubt. We stand in the face of danger. Danger to our nation, to our values, to our liberties, to all that
We stand in the face of danger.
The presidential election of 2016 is over and what the country was treated to over the past year amounted to nothing more
We cannot be silent, or allow bigotry and hate to be normalized.
This piece was first published in Jacobin\u00a0under the headline \u2018Garbage In, Garbage Out.\u2019 It is now becoming clear that Clinton\u2019s
What about the other Trump supporters?
The community Trump has shocked and frightened found comfort and hope in the life and legacy of journalist Gwen Ifill. The rest of the country should, too.
Emancipate Our Generation from the One Percent with a Revolutionary People\u2019s Party \u201cWe are slain. The party is dead\u2014dead
He called parts of Islam \problematic.\
If President-elect Trump would like to do something useful to reform healthcare, he could start with workplace wellness, truly the \swamp\ of the Affordable Care Act.

Can we trust the police? Friends who voted for a racist? Our government? Our president-to-be? Our own family members? Can we tell if that new neighbor at our Thanksgiving table has the equivalent of a mark on his neck? Should we even try to find out?



The incoming administration is already brainstorming how to kill off the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
Republican Gov. Pat McCrory is trailing Democratic challenger Roy Cooper, but refuses to concede amid the claims of voter fraud
Actor Brandon Victor Dixon appealed to the incoming vice president to \work on behalf of all of us.\
2012 nominee Mitt Romney had begged Republicans to pick someone, anyone, else.
A new petition from the SPLC and an organization of teachers is calling on Donald Trump to denounce violence being carried out in his name.
Rogers has faced criticism over security lapses in the post-Edward Snowden era.
\Les Deplorables.\
Drug reform advocates have a few concerns about President-elect Donald Trump's attorney general nomination.
Can these conflicts of interest be resolved?
Tyler Gebhard's family still hasn't received a death certificate or  autopsy report.
House Democrats are seeking answers.
\u201cHe will be your president and if you do not like that, you need to go to another country.\u201d
The Trump International Hotel leases government real estate. How is that not a major problem?
We have to treat Trump like he knows exactly what he is doing.
So, \u201cpost-truth\u201d was named word of the year by Oxford Dictionaries. Quite a befitting term for the past 12 months which were
We missed a shot at appealing to Pence to see reason. @HuffPostBlog
Could President Trump actually reduce the threat of nuclear war?
Donald Trump has been elected the president of the United States, his VP choice was Mike Pence. Donald Trump is a life long
Who will become the next chair of the Democratic National Committee? This leadership contest has significant implications
\We do not need another pipeline disaster.\
He said Pence was \harassed.\
We're with you, Shep.
The new president can cut off $5 billion in subsidies for the poor. Will he?
Sen. Jeff Sessions thought that \almost no one\ from the Dominican Republic coming to the U.S. had skills to benefit America.
The Vermont senator lost to Hillary Clinton, but the new Senate minority leader thinks his message is a winner.
Trump agreed to pay $25 million to people who said they were ripped off by Trump University.
\u00af\\_(\u30c4)_/\u00af
\u201cI\u2019m embarrassed by the reaction of the Irish government to what\u2019s happened in America.\
\u201cWe are the diverse America, who are alarmed and anxious that your new administration will not protect us.\
The mayor is announcing a task force to reduce domestic abuse in the city.
The criminal justice system is locking people up because they're poor. A Texas judge says that's just business.
Rep. Luis Guti\u00e9rrez says no other senator \has fought harder against the hopes and aspirations of Latinos, immigrants, and people of color.\
It was just a joke, the deputy district attorney tries to claim.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 Donald Trump
His numbers have improved, but he remains the most disliked in recent history.
John Bolton and Mitt Romney are being considered for secretary of state.
Don\u2019t forget Trump\u2019s logic
The Alabama Senator was denied a federal judgeship due to racially insensitive remarks.
Sen. Jeff Sessions, Donald Trump's pick for attorney general, has said the president's immigration plan is \lawless.\
State Rep. Jason Spencer cited the \visceral reaction.\
Advocates for healthier, sustainably produced food are feeling pessimistic about a Trump administration.
\We're building at that location.\
\Trump Town\ is celebrating the incoming U.S. president.
The World War II camps were \one of the darkest chapters in American history.\
Flynn has defended Trump\u2019s proposal to ban all Muslims from immigrating to the U.S. and said he was open to bringing back waterboarding.
The president, and many of his European counterparts, had condemned Trump as dangerous during his run.
Michael Flynn has called Islam a \cancer.\
The ongoing crisis has left the city without safe drinking water for over two years, but the state claims water deliveries are too much to ask.
The fate of Josh Kushner's healthcare startup Oscar could be swayed by an Obamacare overhaul.
Pompeo shares many of Trump's concerns about Muslims and terrorism in the U.S.
The lawsuit was dead on arrival. But it made a good point.
The company had never said it would close the Kentucky assembly plant.
Sessions is a loyal Trump backer and an immigration hard-liner.
Not a great look for Donald Trump's attorney general pick.
The president-elect frequently claims he \never settles\ lawsuits. Not so.
\There can be no compromise with racism; no negotiation with hate.\
On anything.
It's still not clear how well the president-elect will get along with party members on Capitol Hill.
Agriculture relies heavily on an immigrant workforce. A future without it is difficult to imagine.
A starting point for mindful public behavior would be some discussion about the training men get as street canvassers working for progressive organizations.
The electoral college is vital to freedom in a republic the size of the United States.
The Kansas-Nebraska Act, a law Congress passed in 1854, delivered a moral dilemma to white settlers in Kansas to choose by
Though not perfect, the military is arguably the most racially integrated culture in our nation.
Bannon lies about climate change just like he lies about people.
We are called upon to gather, reflect, and give thanks mere days from now, as we do every year at this time.\u00a0And yet, this
In my senior year of college, my Russian teacher pulled me aside. He told me that the CIA was recruiting on campus. I should
Students walked out in protest, and say they'll continue to protest until they don't fell threatened at school.
This is off to a great start.
Most Republicans favor keeping the system in place.
One does not simply take on Nancy Pelosi.
NARAL's Ilyse Hogue is the first woman eyeing Democratic National Committee leadership in the Trump era.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 The Trump transition
The former DNC chair wants his job back. And he has a more nuanced plan to help Democrats regain power.
It takes an \u201call of the above\u201d approach to explain why people voted for Trump.
House Democratic leadership is a strange beast.
The Ohio congressman faces an uphill battle.
The Florida Democrat introduced a bill that would force parties to present new nominees if that was the most popular option.
What happened in Nelsonville was a microcosm of what went wrong for Hillary Clinton.
The Federalist Society helped the president-elect compile a list of Supreme Court candidates.
The president-elect is shuffling through names, seemingly with no ideological aim. His fellow Republicans are confused, too.
\But please listen to me when I say this
If Republicans believe they have a better way, they should show it.
The future first lady's previous bios claimed she graduated from university in Slovenia.
New appointees will have to sign agreements not to lobby for five years after leaving his administration.
\This evil is unfolding, like it or not.\
The hawkish former diplomat's worldview is at odds with Donald Trump's non-interventionist rhetoric.
Clapper is the president's top intelligence adviser.
The notoriously unpredictable president-elect will soon decide who to target with drone strikes.
Team of rivals?
\u201cI would hope very, very, very much that Mr. Trump understands that is not something he should do.\u201d
\u201cIf you\u2019re not serious about the job, you probably won\u2019t be there very long.\
Congress has fallen far short of the president's previous requests.
\u201cIt doesn\u2019t really amount to much anyway.\u201d
Kris Kobach wants to do the same if he works for President-elect Trump.
OneWest allegedly avoided lending to communities of color.
They want Obama to pardon undocumented youth to whom he previously granted reprieve.
Yes, the election was last Tuesday.
Everyone was preparing for Hillary Clinton to win.
This nation is a powder keg.
We have been routinely targeted for our work.
Inside Tuesday's firings.
A lot of cabinet noise today, and so far as we can tell, the top contenders for State are Rudy Giuliani and Donald Trump\u2019s
They're even wearing the ugly hats.
There has been uncertainty to what extent Trump would make good on his immigration pledges.
\u201cThere is tolerance for a considerable level of sexism.\u201d
GOP learns to love the pork.
But some are unwilling to compromise unless Trump renounces the white nationalists who love him.
No, he didn't.
The first step in healing some of the country's wounds is talking to each other.
About half are unhappy with the election\u2019s outcome.
The Spanish-language media company plans to merge news sites Fusion and The Root into Gizmodo Media Group.
\Starting in 2017, we will have a friend in the White House,\ said Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick.
That's not how Republicans treated a certain new Democratic president in 2008.
That's another nod for Ellison from a top Democrat.
He can already cross illegal immigration and the economy off the list, thanks to actual facts.
The president-elect is going all-in on paranoia.
The \suck it up, buttercup\ bill would slash funding for public universities in Iowa that offer election-related counseling.
The first Jewish leader of a party in Congress will have to confront a president whose campaign was fueled in part by anti-Semitism.
Asian-American Pacific Islander students are not all alike. The funds will help support different AAPI communities.
It doesn't look like the president-elect is \draining the swamp\ like he said he would.
Instead, he reached back to the days of slavery to reassure Americans fearful of a racist White House administration.
\ud83e\udd14
Tom Steyer is putting together a strategy that will \u201cengage voters and citizens to fight back.\u201d
The Obama appointee had hard-hitting words for those who may feel hopeless about the president-elect.
The self-proclaimed government outsider is having trouble finding people to run the government.
Four months ago, Twitter said it hadn't done enough to stop online abuse.
A congressional probe may cool Donald Trump's enthusiasm for warmer Russian relations.
Officials said they had not finalized when or where the meeting would take place, who would be invited, or in some cases whom to call for answers.
A previous iteration of the plan was fiercely criticized by civil rights groups.
Orrin Hatch, the most senior GOP senator, says it's vital to protect minority party rights.
No one knows for sure if he'll tolerate state-by-state legalization.
Remember that time Graham joked about murdering Cruz?
New Minority Leader Chuck Schumer also added some conservative members to leadership.
And his top picks for secretary of state.
He's going nowhere.
Daughter Ivanka, sons Eric and Donald Jr. and son-in-law Jared Kushner were close advisers to Trump\u2019s campaign.
More than half of Americans approve of the job he\u2019s doing in office.
How centrist Democrats and moderate Republicans failed immigrants.
Rep. Lou Barletta, a member of Trump's transition team, tried to stall the House speaker's renomination.
Some want her out. Some don\u2019t. Most just can't make sense of Donald Trump\u2019s win.
Reminder
When our grandchildren ask us what we did during the great political unraveling, we will be able to hold our heads high and
\u201cLast I checked, a pretty healthy majority of American people agree with my worldview on a whole bunch of things.\u201d
\Trump is ... putting together a transition team that\u2019s full of lobbyists -- the kind of people he actually ran against.\
He vowed to stop these companies from shipping jobs to Mexico.
He's realized he lacks any government experience.
Bush urged others to do the same \u201cif you could use a little extra joy in your life.\u201d
Its latest marketing efforts may be legal, but they are raising eyebrows.
The Obama administration rebuilt the Civil Rights Division. Now lawyers there worry Trump will tear it apart.
He said the president-elect can't heal America if he keeps Steve Bannon on his team.
Sixty-nine percent of Americans say they\u2019re at least somewhat surprised that Donald Trump won.
Bob Corker thinks it's obvious that Russia butted into U.S. politics.
\No man is more out of touch with the situation in the Middle East or more dangerous to our national security than Bolton,\ Paul wrote.
The senator warned against trusting Vladimir Putin's good intentions.
So... what is he talking about, exactly?
Analysis shows higher turnout in two urban minority majority counties could have kept Michigan and Wisconsin blue.
The filibuster is the last remaining check on Donald Trump, and Lindsey Graham wants it to stay.
\That is not our job.\
\Democrats should not be losing to a candidate who insults so many people...\
But some conservative groups aren't on board.
\u201cIt\u2019s easy for people to let their fears dominate how they view the world.\u201d
President-elect, meet the Constitution.
They're not, at all.
Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) is an immigration hard-liner -- and potentially the next attorney general.
At least not yet.
Her departure may leave a sharply understaffed and gridlocked commission in her wake.
His two top staffers are the ultimate party insider and an alt-right anti-establishment icon.
One critic called the CEO's response a \u201cjoke.\u201d
But exactly how badly they missed depends on how you measure error.
\u201cAs long as he wants, he\u2019ll be here,\u201d Reverend Robin Hynicka said.
\I know people are trying to create this fear,\ Rep. Kevin McCarthy said of Steve Bannon.
Which doesn't say a lot for Earth's chances.
With Bannon in the White House, \Donald Trump has chosen to champion the positions of neo-Nazis,\ said one Senate Democrat.
\u201cWe\u2019ve still got our precious First Amendment rights. Now it\u2019s time \u2014 high time \u2014 to protect them from the fire.\u201d
Today we read a chyron that described Steve Bannon as the \u201cultimate outsider,\u201d which makes Trump\u2019s putative top strategist
67 days until inauguration.
A strategy of grassroots messaging is starting to take shape.
The Vermont senator wants to have \serious discussion\ about a system that can send the loser of the popular vote to the White House.
\The bottom line is
Elijah Cummings wants the Oversight Committee to hear how Trump and his children won't sway business officials.
That's what you want after an election, right?
He said he was unaware of the uptick in hate crimes since Nov. 8.
Maybe there's a little jab here
Trump previously questioned the relevance of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.
The president-elect says the law is settled, but his Supreme Court shortlist includes noted anti-gay justices.
In one incident, \Trump nation, whites only\ was written on a sign advertising a Maryland church's Spanish-language religious services.
Are Trump's proposals possible?
\I had never heard of the alt-right until the nutcakes started writing about it,\ Gingrich said.
\u201cIt is easy to see why the KKK views Trump as their champion,\u201d one Democratic spokesman said.
Anti-Islamic acts helped fuel a nationwide increase in hate crimes overall since 2014.
Especially when Sarah \drill, baby, drill\ Palin is on the short list.
He owes China hundreds of millions of dollars, for one thing.
While it would be logistically complicated, a motivated president could conceivably deport upwards of 1 million immigrants a year, and \u201cvoluntarily remove\u201d many more.
Martin Gottesfeld, the man accused taking Boston Children\u2019s Hospital offline to save Justina Pelletier, has released the
As I watched one state after another fall red on Tuesday night I was surrounded by an intergenerational, inter-racial, international
Last week, Donald Trump won the electoral (but not popular!) vote to become our country\u2019s 45th president. Even after The
The contraception mandate has significantly reduced what women pay for birth control.
Party leaders are lining up behind the Minnesota progressive.
The former New York City mayor also has conflicting thoughts on what Donald Trump should do with his businesses.
The speaker of the House and the president-elect disagree on immigration and trade.
The president-elect on Sunday railed about the \dishonest\ media.
Steve Bannon, Trump's campaign CEO and former chairman of Breitbart News, will serve as chief strategist and senior counselor.
Days after the election, protests show no sign of fading.
Could the Electoral College act to vote for Hillary Clinton, who won and continues to expand a lead in the popular vote, and
The deplorables might be more visible, but the majority of white voters don\u2019t think they have a problem with race.
What precious democracy is there left to subvert?
Planning your escape to Canada? Before moving to the land of poutine and progress, consider just how many would-be Trump
It\u2019s been five days since \u201cThe Debacle\u201d and I figure it\u2019s worth weighing in before Armageddon gets into full-swing. My entire
It is shocking that I\u2019ve never blogged about Hillary Clinton. I am a feminist blogger who has been a supporter of hers since
Well folks, we may have a race on our hands. After writing Friday about the need for a leadership shakeup, I\u2019m hearing from
The 2016 election has shaken this country to its very foundation. This election, like no other in recent history, has shown
Leaving the Javits Center in midtown Manhattan on Tuesday night was a striking scene. \u00a0Soaring above us was the magnificent
A Muslim teacher was left with a note that read her hijab \u201cisn\u2019t allowed anymore\u201d, following Tuesday\u2019s election results. Mairah
I don\u2019t want to subscribe to a debate that begins by judging someone based on one's appearance.
When the facts consistently point in a given direction, what they point to is worthy of belief, and what is inconsistent
My current hiatus from\u00a0Turkey I used to make regular visits to Turkey to connect with my in-laws there. I have not been back
This piece was originally posted on medium.com Normally, I\u2019m not very data-driven in my writing. I talk about how things
Every Democratic presidential nominee this century has had trouble relating to rural and exurban swing voters.
The Senate will meet this Wednesday to elect its next leader.
I will not give him an open mind.
To the Right, it seems there is no right way to protest
The states with the bulk of votes still being counted overwhelmingly favor the Democratic nominee.
Last week saw a spike in incidents of racism and bigotry, which Trump has not denounced.
The Republican leader is embracing mass deportation.
\It\u2019s not propaganda or bias if it\u2019s based on hard facts.\u201d
This is not the time for empty platitudes about the magic of love.

The Electoral College will cast its vote for President-elect Trump in December, and he will be sworn into office in January.  He will then be president, but many Americans are having trouble accepting that fact.
I want my daughters, and every aspiring political leader, to know her story. Janet Reno was a different kind of public servant. She was tough, smart and humble.
Prisoners in Los Angeles flicked their cell lights on and off and banged on windows as demonstrators marched by.
\u201cWe could confirm someone on Jan. 20 who could come in immediately and could be working right now on rewriting rules and regulations.\
Trump, formerly a critic of those exercising their First Amendment rights, is now a fan.
\u201cThe disenfranchisement doesn\u2019t always come in a dramatic and exciting package,\u201d one poll watcher said.
Trump has promised to withhold funds from \sanctuary cities.\
She says the second letter was even more damaging than the first one.
The government is expected to make a decision on the  controversial project near tribal lands.
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is expected to make a decision on the controversial project in coming days.
Fears mount that GOP-controlled government will cut funding to Planned Parenthood and dismantle Obamacare's contraception coverage.
Trump has called global warming a hoax. Now he is going to be President.
The vandalism comes amid a streak of hate-filled attacks across the country.
The governor's welcome message comes amid evidence of a spike in racist incidents since the election.
\It was just pitiful.\
She encouraged her volunteers to remain involved in politics, despite the despair.
Donald Trump? How could this misogynistic, xenophobic, bigoted, conniver be our President-elect? How could this apparent
As of November 9th, people across the country have begun protesting Trump\u2019s victory.
We will not normalize a person that boasts about sexually assaulting a woman.
Democrats have to be Republicans in their daily commitment to the cause.
Although it seems unlikely that Trump was referring literally to chess players, the statement got graded by Politifact as
We have normalized simply blaming those with whom we disagree for all failures in our society.
There can be nothing more comforting after a bitter political campaign than a President-elect that promises to do his best
There\u2019s only one thing that gets rid of fear well, and that\u2019s love.
I believe that it is the lack of these opportunities \u2014 along with a lack of proper community programs, outlets, community
\u201cI\u2019m gonna see if I can go up there and talk to him and perhaps convince him not to take office on Jan. 20.\
The recent arrest of three members of a Kansas militia group who planned to blow up an apartment complex occupied by over
He criticized demonstrators this week. But he agitated for a lot more than that four years ago.
I know you can be a good president. Good luck.
People say they're willing to keep it up for the next four years.
We don\u2019t get to make ourselves feel better by putting on safety pins and self-designating ourselves as allies.
We have reasons to be hopeful, and we have reasons to be disturbed.


The union election ends workers' prolonged battle for recognition at the digital news outfit.
More of this, please.
Sen. Chuck Schumer will soon be the most powerful Democrat in Washington. But that's not saying much.
\u201cIt may not survive the way we know it through this administration.\u201d
\We can respect one another. We can always get each others\u2019 backs. That is what Veterans Day asks all of us to think about,\u201d the president said.
That didn't take long.
To prevent another election like this, some Democrats are calling for party leadership to become more \multi-ethnic.\
Pessimism is particularly high among Trump supporters, but Clinton supporters have doubts too.
Trump's opposition to the deal was a signature part of his campaign.
The supplemental war-related funding would include money to fight Islamic State militants and sustain high overseas troop levels.
The comments came in his first interview since winning the presidential election.
\u201cWe believe that we lost this election in the last week.\
The move raises concerns over conflicts of interest.
Until then, veterans will be reluctant to talk about their experiences.
The Dodd-Frank financial regulation law is considered one of President Obama\u2019s signature domestic policies.
But don't panic
\u201cI think homosexuality is a lifestyle, it\u2019s a choice, and that lifestyle can be changed.\
\u201cWe cannot allow ourselves to give up, put our heads down and not hold this administration accountable for any violation of human rights or women\u2019s rights.\u201d
Three of Trump's children are on the executive committee of his transition team.
\u201cWhen we first received the results of the election, we felt as though we had hit a brick wall, full force,\u201d the magazine said.
A focus on big data over people may have backfired.
Schock resigned his seat amid scrutiny over lavish spending, including \u201cDownton Abbey\-esque decorations for his office.
The years in the wilderness will be brutal.
Some robots already cost less to operate than the salaries of the humans they replace, and they are getting cheaper and better.
The long, taxing, and often uncomfortable 2016 Presidential race has finally concluded. And although the majority of voters
Pleading with the oppressor to care hasn't gotten us where we need to go.
Let's stand up and fight like citizens in a republic.
Yesterday was really hard. I thought I would be waking up to the first female president. Instead when I woke up, a man who
Today, that oath I took over two decades ago, is more important than ever. I will be here for my family, for my friends, for those in need, and for my country.
That tired explanation to get folks to vote against their conscience because it's a right is not a right at all.
This doesn\u2019t affect me like it affects you.
Not only did Bernie have more enthusiasm and hope around his campaign, but he was also scandal-free.
America is coming apart at the seams. A swift response to a terrible election. Trump supporters haven\u2019t yet figured out that
When is a \u201ccyber attack\u201d on a children\u2019s hospital a good and necessary thing? How about when it isn\u2019t what\u2019s normally referred
Attacking entire groups of people has far-reaching effects that do not get \deleted.\
America just \u2018trumped\u2019 Brexit! Many say it was a surprise, but to be honest, no one really knew which way it was going to
As supporters of Hillary Clinton, we were surprised and saddened by Donald Trump\u2019s victory. But, the American people have
\These temper tantrums from these radical anarchists must be quelled.\
And two things he could do on his first day in office.
The Muslim ban and the wall? Turns out those might be harder than promised too.
Like the president-elect, he's all for it.
It would be a major shift in approach, and a major contrast with Donald Trump.
The party of conservatism is now led by a populist nationalist.
Right now, the best ideas Democrats have for 2020 are Elizabeth Warren, an outgoing first lady not interested in the job
Entire sections devoted to issues, endorsements and press releases disappeared from the site for hours on Wednesday.
President-elect Trump once called him \the worst banker in the United States.\
The controversial PayPal co-founder stood out in Silicon Valley for his strong support during the campaign.
\u201cI fear this may be game over for the climate.\u201d
But she also pledged to work with Trump where they agreed.
Our first look at how this is gonna go.
Facebook helped spread lies and stoke emotion on both sides during the election. It needs to reckon with that.
They hope the president-elect stands up to his party.
He'll run to replace Gov. Jerry Brown in 2018.
The president elect doesn't agree with them on much.
The President-elect will now have access to all the nation's most sensitive secrets.
The president-elect should work with him or risk feeling the Bern.
And he wants a 50-state, grassroots strategy again.
\u201cYour candidate has been one of the most explosively provocative candidates in the history of our country, and there is a price to be paid for that.\
The Cavs guard got special recognition for keeping his clothes on.
He said he was absolutely sure he did the right thing in speaking out against Trump during the election.
\I am not ever prepared to be a politician who maintains a diplomatic silence\ toward intolerance, Nicola Sturgeon says.
\u201cIf it comes to it, I could be there as the responsible adult role, to make sure everything\u2019s OK.\u201d
Large crowds gathered in New York, California and Texas.
The transition of power begins.
The senator from Vermont has his eye on the president-elect.
Not to mention his potential appointees are pretty much all white men.
\A lot of the people who put him into office are looking for payback,\ says once pro-choice activist.
Trump's life unfolded in places that rejected his worldview Tuesday.
\u201cThere were contacts,\u201d Interfax news agency cited Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov as saying.
How many of the people in your life have trusted you with the knowledge that their families are undocumented? How many of
The unthinkable happened, and Democrats cast about for a scapegoat. Whether #BernieorBust, the millennials, the Greens, James
One of the biggest myths in American government is that the President and Vice President are directly elected by the people.
So, you wanted real change versus scripted? Sure about that?
I\u2019ve let you down, my friends. Part of my job centers on identifying what\u2019s going on in the culture, and then running that
History will remember you up there with Susan B. Anthony.
The Intelligence Committee chairman nearly lost to Deborah Ross, a former ACLU lawyer.
Make America Love Again.
Progressives hope the local initiatives are the beginning of a larger wave.
This bike rider is trying to bring some levity to a stressful time.
What's next after Trump's shock victory.
Ballot measures in four states are letting voters do what Washington won't
Democrats tried to yoke the California Republican to Donald Trump.
There were reports of voter intimidation, but nothing as bad as Democrats feared.
Her campaign chairman urged supporters to go home and sleep.
The Senate majority leader wants the president-elect to start undoing President Barack Obama\u2019s actions on health, safety and climate on \u201cday one.\u201d
And farewell, Merrick Garland.
Investors were apparently expecting Hillary Clinton would win.
Never say never.
He had some vague platitudes about looking \forward and not backward,\ though.
Attacks drawing attention to Bayh\u2019s work for special interests helped erase his early advantage in the race.
The race between Joe Heck and Catherine Cortez Masto came down to the wire.
You can thank redistricting and Donald Trump.
\u201cI didn\u2019t think there was anything wrong with you till this campaign.\
This is really happening, people.
Many protesters shouted, \F**k Donald Trump!\
Republican Rep. Barbara Comstock kept an arm's length from the GOP presidential nominee. She ended up hanging onto her seat.
GOP votes may be there, but the enthusiasm and optimism seemed absent in pivotal Bucks County.
He showed a hard-edged conservative can defy the odds and survive.
Voting advocates sought to keep polling places open after technical issues.
Crowds were in shock.
Kander could assemble a rifle but not a victory.
An amendment that purportedly supported solar energy was really problematic, according to clean energy advocates.
Challenger Roy Cooper was beating incumbent Pat McCrory by over 4,300 votes early Wednesday.
The Arizonan had a complicated relationship with GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump.
\Christian-Constitutional-Conservative-Pro-Life-Second-Amendment-Loving American\ loses to incumbent.
The blue state now has its first all-male congressional delegation since 1973.
Some good news out of Tuesday's election.
Republican Mike Coffman won in a district that's 20 percent Latino.
Rep. Jeff Denham must be giving a big sigh of relief.
Not again, Sunshine State.
\Never doubt that you are powerful and valuable and deserving of every opportunity in the world.\
He's not done just yet.
It's a major upset and a big loss for progressives.
He'll have no problem finding common ground with a Republican Congress.
Renewable energy, meanwhile, is taking a beating.
Investors poured money into sectors that may benefit from a Donald Trump victory.
A similar initiative in Washington state didn't go through, however.
We'll see.
The New Hampshire congressional district that keeps flipping.
This was the most expensive Senate race in U.S. history.
Stalling a Supreme Court pick didn't hold back voters. Neither did his support of Trump.
It\u2019s time to figure out what went wrong.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 Donald Trump
Well, you got what you wanted, right Paul Ryan?
One pilot ejected and was rescued, while the other was able to safely land.
Pharmaceutical companies poured tens of millions of dollars into the campaign to stop Proposition 61.
The senator-elect urged unity and action in the face of Donald Trump's victory.
Early in this election campaign, we began appending an editor\u2019s note to our coverage of\u00a0Donald\u00a0Trump, highlighting his racism
He also praised Hillary Clinton for her historic campaign.
Zephyr Teachout won't be coming to Congress.
Your next president.
Double standard much?
Cape Breton doesn't look so bad right now.
Angela Merkel reminded Trump that democratic principles should be the basis of their relationship.
America has its first radical reactionary leader. Now what?
The world will move on, with or without the United States.
The former president was removed from the $20 bill this year for being genocidal and pro-slavery.
Despite promises to pull troops, President Barack Obama will pass on responsibility for the U.S. role in Afghanistan to his successor.
The president-elect made bashing trade deals a core part of his campaign.
Obama rejected the controversial oil pipeline last November after a rocky seven-year review.
Finally, Americans head to the polls.
\u201cIt\u2019s not just my name or Donald Trump\u2019s on the ballot \u2014 it\u2019s the kind of country we want,\u201d she said.
The measure on Tuesday's ballot could disenfranchise thousands of Missouri voters.
Zero days left.
A thousand different controversies erupted. But what changed their perceptions might surprise you.
Sad!
Smarts, experience, good ideas -- there's actually a lot to like, if you look.
Talk about multitasking.
We have grown numb to policies, rhetoric and conduct that was once far beyond the bounds of acceptability.
This is it, folks.
Cincinnati and Dayton could be indicators of a larger national trend.
This election could change that.
Trump is a big factor in many states.
The man was reportedly confrontational, argumentative and \interfering with the voters.\
The R&B group formed in 1958. Its big hit was in 1973.
The GOP nominee has been seething at President Obama since that 2011 public humiliation.
Honestly, what do you expect at this point?
We assume she didn't vote for Donald Trump.
Do not allow yourself to be misled!
\u201cTomorrow we face the test of our time.\
School funding and charter schools are on the ballot.
Both take a hard anti-immigration stance and want to build a wall along the southern border.
\u201cIn a time when someone like Trump could become our president, it is important to share with people the deadly cost of hate.\u201d
OK then.
He knows from experience.
The icing on the campaign.
They see me pollin', they hatin'.
Stop the Steal is conducting unscientific exit polls it says will determine whether the election is fair.
From their vantage point in Singapore, U.S. expats see Trump's stunts as \shameful\ and \un-American.\
\u201cWhen it comes to battleground states, it becomes a battle of yards and inches.\u201d
Russian poll respondents like Donald Trump, but they\u2019re the only ones.
Most say they\u2019d be dissatisfied or upset if Donald Trump wins the presidency.
Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker said he's \obviously disappointed\ by his decision.
Did we mention that we're going to miss her? \ud83d\ude2d
The judge rejected a legal action by the Trump campaign alleging early voting violations.
The election is almost over.
You can bet your ass that #ImWithHer but while I proudly support Secretary Clinton, I\u2019m not voting for HER.
These volunteers realized they had taken Hillary Clinton for granted.
One more day before Election Day.
But don't let that deter you from casting your ballot on Tuesday.
There should be no problems getting to the polls in Philly on Tuesday.
It's good news for Trump
People are most worried about the economy, but don\u2019t think Clinton or Trump cares as much.
Lesson one
\I've got some credibility,\ the president said.
Repeal and repl-- oh, never mind, then.
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg noted that state law already prohibits voter intimidation.
\I think he\u2019s essentially destroyed the reputation of the FBI.\
Likability is less of an issue when your opponent can't demonstrate a basic level of competence.
It was a whirlwind tour of five states in two days.
\u201cWe\u2019re just trying to bring a little bit of joy to people waiting to vote.\u201d
Fewer African-Americans are turning out for early voting compared to 2012.
Members of Ezekiel AME Zion Church are eager to cast ballots to make their voices heard.
The vice president sounded the alarm as HuffPost shadowed him on the campaign trail for a day.
Tim Weiner says Comey's actions have taken the bureau back into the extralegal days of J. Edgar Hoover.
An academic cult hero says the Democratic nominee \gets way too little credit.\u201d
\Would anyone who isn\u2019t like you have a place in your America, Donald Trump?\
Trump accused Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe of \illegally\ restoring voting rights to former felons and \letting criminals cancel out the votes of law-abiding citizens.\u201d
Fifty-state polls are the hot new thing this year, but pollsters admit they\u2019re still learning how to use them.
These astronauts sent the most impressive absentee ballots of the election.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 We are just one
Both Clinton and Donald Trump will spend the day racing across a handful of battleground states that could swing Tuesday\u2019s election.
This is the end.
\u201cYou can\u2019t review 650,000 new emails in eight days. You can\u2019t do it, folks.\u201d
The anniversary comes one day before America could elect its first woman president.
She was responding to a question about Trump's lack of charitable giving.
Without Florida, a Trump victory is all but impossible.
This is scary stuff.
Oy vey.
While many name-brand hotel chains have severed ties with the adult film industry, Trump hotels have not.
He made the gesture while on stage in Michigan.
Shame.
Hillary Clinton is surviving the FBI's gyrations over her email, but down-ballot Democrats are hurting.
We're also not sure if he knows what rap music is.
No one wants a repeat, especially not Clinton supporters and Trump haters.
Ever since the NRA\u00a0decided to endorse Trump back in April and pour an unprecedented amount of money into television advertising
Meliana Trump set off a Twitter firestorm as a result of a speech she gave this week announcing her concern over cyber-bullying
Ivy League Love Story (\u0986\u0987\u09ad\u09bf\u09b2\u09bf\u0997 \u09b2\u09be\u09ad \u09b8\u09cd\u099f\u09cb\u09b0\u09bf)\When Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina removed Yunus from Grameen Bank and
Wasn\u2019t there a time when the prospect of having Hillary Clinton become the first female president of the United States seemed
Our low minimum wage is a massive wealth transfer that goes in the wrong direction.
And it was very bad.
\He\u2019s probably a lot more conservative than anybody she would appoint.\
Things are looking good for the Democratic nominee.
The former secretary of state was in Michigan on Friday, but she's already planning another visit.
It's a small matter. But it gets at a bigger point.
What happens to Merrick Garland after November 8?
The feminists who laid the groundwork for a female president are afraid to feel anything yet.
Trump has said he'll accept the outcome only if he wins.
But it did seem to sour some of them on James Comey.
Poll numbers may swing -- but that doesn't mean people's preferences really do.
Less than 24 hours earlier, Trump criticized Jay Z for the language used in his music.
\This needs to stop.\u201d
\She may have committed serious crimes,\ the GOP chairman said.
There will be a lot of them. Don\u2019t follow every little bounce.
Stop overanalyzing the election polls. There's other data to consider.
It happened, as the Constitution would have it, at the Supreme Court of the United States.
The man said he is a registered Republican.
The Secret Service said no weapon was found.
His dog whistle about Hispanic voters wasn't exactly subtle.
\This is absolutely staggering.\
\If somebody can\u2019t handle a Twitter account, they can\u2019t handle the nuclear codes.\
A week after rocking the campaign,  Comey cleared the Democratic nominee.
The future of cannabis is in the hands of independent farmers and growers who must overcome their fears and work together in full transparency.
The Wildcatters are trying to develop our final election predictions, tweaking the Little Smart Pill Machine and trying to
Scorching heat waves. Raging wildfires. Epic floods. Rising sea levels. Monster winter storms. In every season, climate records
\u201cMy priority is to reach out to my fellow Americans who had it good until the disaster from wars brought misery to them; the
When Honesty and Social Desirability Collide You are enjoying lighthearted conversation at a weekend BBQ when inevitably
Trump is in a league of his own in terms of telling falsehoods and lies.
A decision to cross party lines by the former president, notwithstanding his differences with the Democratic nominee, would have real power.
Election Day is just hours away, and you want to know that you have done enough. You have
I can\u2019t tell you where Jessica Whelan lives or anything else about her daughter who is suffering from cancer beyond a viral
The tragic murder of another Black person by a police officer and the reactions of the community to the death show us once again that racism is alive and well.
Trump's comments on women give her an opening.
Fact check
The S&P 500 is down for nine straight days for the first time in 36 years.


Usually, the two of us don't agree on anything about politics.
In 2016, the nuclear issue is back big time, thanks both to the rise of Donald Trump (including various unsettling comments he's made about nuclear weapons) and actual changes in the global nuclear landscape.


Trump is more dangerous, even if not as clever.
The law restricts the collection of ballots by third parties, a tactic to help people cast votes.
The speaker had committed to attend a Trump rally before it was cancelled.
\[C]ourage is telling Pennsylvania voters where you stand on the tough issues, not just the easy ones like background checks.\
But nearly $500 million from outside groups may come with a few strings.
Somebody is projecting again.
The president told Bill Maher the choice this election should be clear
\I have not spoken to any on-duty FBI agent about anything.\
The GOP-backed law prohibits advocacy groups from collecting ballots from voters and delivering them to election offices.
Research shows they may have a point.
The elector from Washington state says Clinton is a \criminal\ who hasn't done enough on Native American issues.
\Now we have the opportunity to create more change.\
This is it.
The issues voters are hearing about the most this year aren't their top priorities.
Elizabeth Jarosz, now a market research expert, wanted to keep it positive.
A surge in Latino votes could spell long-term trouble for Republicans for years to come.
One of the most unsettling developments yet in a campaign filled with them.
Seriously?
Congratulations, Donald! You are still officially the worst.
The liberal CNN pundit traveled to Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, to engage with the other side.
There is no question that we are at a significant turning point in the history of the United States. In many ways, the people
Nearly six years after my father\u2019s death, I look back on something Hillary Clinton said about him that I think in some ways applies to her as well.
This has been a tough election for all of us. We\u2019ve watched as labels like racist, liar, and criminal were thrown around
My daughter turned 18 in July, so the upcoming election is the first time she will be able to vote. She is a budding social
From 1968 through 1988, Republican candidates won the popular vote in five out of six presidential elections. The GOP quickly
I am not an American citizen, but a U.S. visa holder. For this reason I would not normally write to influence a U.S. election
I have been so blown away by what has been going on during this entire election. Both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have
In what is now hours away we will elect the person who will be the next President of the United States. There\u2019s one part
Donald Trump would erode U.S. national security.
The baking cookies controversy, 25 years later.
Undocumented immigrants are playing a leading role in the campaign aiming to take him down.
Joe Morrissey has cobbled together an unlikely coalition of voters in Virginia\u2019s capital.
They share a vision on taxes, Obamacare and climate change.
A subtle attack against Hillary Clinton?
And it's not all that promising.
When your life is literally on the line, the election takes on new meaning.
\Looks like Trump got his wall after all. A wall of beautiful voters.\
\u201cThese are things that he says on an ongoing basis.\
Donald Trump just released a pair of true statements about policy which should horrify anyone in the 99 percent about the
Here\u2019s why he and his supporters don\u2019t care that his Clinton claims make no sense.
The vaunted 538 election forecaster is putting his thumb on the scales.
The move is controversial as Clinton had promised to disclose foreign support while she was in the State Department.
Not a great look for a campaign with record support from white nationalists and neo-Nazis.
Nujood Ali thinks Clinton will end the Obama-backed war currently devastating her country.

For decades, our collective confidence in the strength of our democracy has enabled us to shrug off our consistently dismal voter turnout, among the lowest in the developed world.

Native American Heritage Month should be a time to celebrate the indigenous people of America but instead we have to face other realities
Managers have tried to convince employees unionizing is against their interests.
Private pollsters think the races are much more stable than public polling shows.
Can we just hibernate post-election?
\I don't think so.\
And so it begins.
\Their candidate, if elected, could have these on Inauguration Day.\
The rare move comes as the Supreme Court continues to operate without a ninth member.
This is why we vote.
Find answers to your questions about voting in the 2016 election.
Here's a good thing the GOP nominee did!
GOP nominee Donald Trump visited last week, and some polls are showing a tighter race in Michigan.
\u201cI\u2019m brave in other ways \u2015 I\u2019m financially brave. Big deal. These are real brave.\u201d
California's Jeff Denham should be coasting to re-election. Instead, he's trying to explain his backing of Trump.
A poll says that Joe Sestak, whom Democrats spent millions of dollars to beat, would be doing better now than Senate nominee Katie McGinty.
Despite a 34 point drop in enthusiasm, 56 percent of African-Americans consider this presidential election more important than the 2012 race.
He only needed to be asked four times.
The North Carolina NAACP sued the state on Monday, claiming a purge targeted black voters.
Uh oh.
A temporary restraining order was issued in Ohio barring voter harassment on Election Day.
This ain't a joke!
In a letter identified as fake, Senator Tom Carper, a Democrat, is quoted as writing to Clinton, \u201cWe will not let you lose this election.\u201d
Legal weed is on the ballot in more states than ever before.
Maybe this plan will work?
*Sad trombone*
America isn't the hellhole Donald Trump describes.
Donald Trump\u2019s calls for poll monitors to watch \u201ccertain areas\u201d could have landed the Republican Party in trouble for years.
The company is now taking reservations for Nov. 8.
Friday's announcement brings his total to 944.
This doesn't make any sense.
\It is absolutely unacceptable for the FBI to leak unsubstantiated -- and in some cases false -- information about one presidential candidate to benefit the other candidate.\
And less than one-third think either candidate is likely to directly benefit the nation.
Yes, Republicans are totally serious about this. Don't act surprised.
Just four more days.
It is.
The Republican nominee isn't exactly popular with Latino voters.
Even though he's a White Sox fan, he noted that a Cubs championship was still a big deal.
\Come on, man.\
\u201cDecades of lies, cover-ups and scandal have finally caught up with Hillary Clinton.\
At a rally in Bangor, Maine, Wajahat Ali probes the depths of Trump supporters' hatred for Clinton.
And it shows.
Let's ask him.
Sorry, you'll keep seeing them.
22-year-old Gregory Butler Jr. was also sentenced to 250 hours of community service.
But the recent pro-Trump trend doesn\u2019t seem to extend to other potential swing states.
There might be a few of them out there, but not enough to change the outcome.
Time's running out, Sen. Toomey.
And it helps explain how Trump's gotten so far.
In emails, state and county Republican officials lobbied members of at least 17 county election boards to keep early-voting sites open for shorter hours on weekends and in evenings.
He reportedly ended up giving them $200 and bought them some sneakers.
Not a good sign for Ryan.
The senator made a big constitutional gaffe. But his save was impressive.
Party flier asks \Have you met the new neighbors?\ with a picture of a man in traditional Arab clothing, holding a gun.
He's making a closing pitch for Zephyr Teachout.
Looks like Parliament will need to get involved.
The growing groups, mostly ignored by campaign outreach, increasingly lean Democratic.
Poll watching is not constitutionally protected free speech, the court ruled.
The president hit Duval County, where a strong African-American turnout could get her to the White House.
Let's focus on making it to Nov. 8.
Thanks, Homeland Security!
Climate change could become an even greater catastrophe if Donald Trump wins.
Plenty of people seem ready to freak out, but the race remains as it was.
\u201cWe don\u2019t know what\u2019s in [the emails], and it\u2019s entirely possible that there\u2019s nothing in them.\
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 Melania Trump
\I'm not opposed to all Jews,\ Duke said during the debate.
Thanks, Obamacare
But the group has a history of fronting for big corporations.
After three consecutive endorsements, the abortion rights group abandoned Flores. Did it have something to do with Bernie Sanders?
\Stay on point, Donald, stay on point. No side tracks Donald, nice and easy.\
It is better than anybody has ever had.
Comey\u2019s bombshell just days before the election raised questions about his motives and drew criticism from some over his timing.
She also hardly left an impression when she held elected office.
\u201cIt almost looks like a cattle call, the way people are being purged,\u201d said the U.S. District judge.
Some shifts in the polls may come down to how much voters feel like answering a survey.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 The Unskewed
The GOP nominee is giddy over the FBI review of additional emails in the Hillary Clinton probe.
And that the polls are mostly unskewed.
It's undetermined whether the FBI or the Justice Department will say more about the Hillary Clinton email probe in time.
The Ohio governor wrote in Sen. John McCain on his absentee ballot.
The Heritage Foundation has a policy arsenal ready to go in the event Hillary Clinton wins the presidency.
\She deserves to have people vouch for her other than members of the DNC, so I\u2019m here to do that.\
Rep. Joe Heck (R-Nev.) wouldn't say whether he'll vote for Donald Trump, only that he'd make a \good commander in chief.\
\u201cTrump has unleashed forces \u2015 forces much bigger than he is \u2015 that simply can\u2019t be put back into the bottle.\u201d
The president said he's careful not to look like he's \meddling\ in the process, but it's important not to \operate on incomplete information.\
Come on, man!
\u201cMy view is that there is a way for us to accommodate sacred lands of Native Americans.\
Paid sick days are on the ballot, too.
\u201cThis is sorta the red meat [Republicans are] throwing their audiences.\
Other demographic similarities play second fiddle.
\u201cYou can vote and then go get your taco.\
Of course Republicans gotta get a jump on this before she wins the election.
Heckuva job, James Comey!
Speaker Paul Ryan's name came up, of course.
But state Democrats suspect a voter suppression effort.
Apparently automatically giving people their constitutional rights would also be offensive to civil rights leaders.
New research finds that there are effective educators teaching students of all socioeconomic backgrounds.
Opponents trying to hold a ceremony say they were hit with rubber bullets and pepper spray.
There were no reported injuries.
But she didn't specifically call for him to resign...yet.
Probably because in-person fraud is highly unlikely.
\u201cHow many people are voting for Trump? Ooh-rah!\u201d
Clinton herself or a top surrogate has been in Florida just about every day since early voting started last week.
Stop the Steal has already registered over 2,700 volunteers.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton\u2019s campaign canceled an event in Iowa on Wednesday
TOP STORIES TWO IOWA POLICE OFFICERS KILLED \u2018AMBUSH-STYLE\u2019\u00a0The two officers were shot in their separate patrol cars. The
Government investments into the hotel are under investigation over their size, structure and risk.
Many voters' involvement with the election begins and ends at the ballot box.
SEPTA and the union have just one week to get a contract in place.
Former President Bill Clinton shows Dems are serious about harvesting every last Florida vote.
Donald Trump \is so dumbing-down\ America's world image.
Laws passed by the Republican-led Ohio state legislature in 2014 require voters to accurately fill out their personal information on absentee or provisional ballots or they will be rejected - even if the votes are otherwise valid.
Just 5 percent of Americans say the latest development tells them something new about her.
\u201cThis is not an isolated incident,\u201d says a member of the local Black Lives Matter chapter.
The entertainment industry magazine broke with a 111-year-old tradition on Tuesday.
\u201cWhen men are ambitious, it\u2019s just taken for granted. When women are ambitious, \u2018Why?\u2019 That theme, I think, will continue throughout her presidency.\
\Nothing\u2019s going to get done.\u201d
Remember this when Ryan runs for president in 2020.
It's rigged just the way he likes it.
The GOP is still suffering the consequences of its decision to intimidate voters in 1981.
That Merrick Garland talking point is now obsolete.
Lawsuit alleges the city of Florissant was running a \modern debtors' prison scheme\ and locking the poor in jail over minor municipal code violations.
The Romneys decided to be their alter egos, so the 2012 GOP presidential nominee wore a mask of himself.
But Ron Johnson was not eager to answer questions about it.
The FBI news isn\u2019t changing opinions of her, but it could be dampening enthusiasm at a critical time in the campaign.
He spent his last year in the Senate meeting with HR reps for big banks and lining up a private equity job.
Investors have been cautious about taking large positions due to mounting uncertainty about next week\u2019s election.
McCain 2016!
About that replacement \plan,\ though....
The Republicans' Senate campaign is using James Comey's October surprise to pressure Democrats.
The Vermont senator condemned the rising price of an Eli Lilly drug.
Enrollment on the exchanges begins Nov. 1 and lasts until Jan. 31.
Bro. Maybe this really is the Party of Trump, bro.
Obama ripped into Trump's history of self-interest and stiffing workers at his businesses, expressing disbelief at Trump's appeal to working class voters.
This scenario is a long shot, but so is every other one.
Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook questioned why the Federal Bureau of Investigation\u2019s director had not released any information about its investigation into Russia\u2019s role in the U.S.
It's down in several key states.
\I know what we did was right,\ Bundy said of his acquittal in the armed occupation of an Oregon wildlife refuge.
Just one more week.
\Trump seems nicer because he is not saying the things about Russia that Hillary Clinton is saying.\
Rep. Ted Lieu (D-Calif.) thinks it's silly to simultaneously call for an end to Saudi-led bombing and enable it to continue.
Meet the new recipient of the Center for Security Policy's Freedom Flame Award
Just 90 billionaires have an outsized impact on presidential politics.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 The FBI seemed
The Freedom Foundation, an organization with ties to the Koch brothers, is moving against the United Domestic Workers union.
\The rage that one felt was an abstract, undirected emotion which could be switched from one object to another like the flame of a blowlamp.\u201d
Hillary Clinton still has a strong advantage in the Electoral College, but her supporters need to vote if she's going to win.
\u201cAnyone who believes, says, does what he does is unfit to be president.\u201d
Only in 2016 is Anthony Weiner involved in an October surprise.
Clinton says she's confident there are no grounds for any charges.
That doesn't mean it will work.
The FBI director has gotten a lot of heat for his decision.
If she takes Nevada, she could lose every other swing state and still win the presidency.
Hillary Clinton retains a steady lead over Donald Trump.
According to The New York Times, the fast-food giant sought the counsel of Teneo Holdings to counter the minimum wage campaign.
Comparing Clinton's emails to  Watergate is \more than historical ignorance.\
The campaign didn't like The News & Observer's reporting about Burr attending fundraising parties instead of Senate committee meetings.
Peter Thiel says the GOP nominee would deliver \u201ca much-needed dose of humility in our politics.\u201d
The GOP nominee offered no evidence to support his claim.
Even the head of the Freedom Caucus and former Republican prosecutors aren't happy with the FBI.
Nothing's spookier to pollsters than late-breaking news stories.
Who says there aren't perks in coach anymore?
Will an upcoming ballot initiative in New Mexico actually keep people from being jailed just because they\u2019re poor?
Time is running out to decide who you'll vote for.
\The ending is like the end of \u2018Thelma and Louise.\u2019\u201d
\I want Trump to win, but what Comey just did to Hillary Is wrong & really unfair to her.\
Especially with this killer programming lineup!
Women and minorities are consistently underrepresented in public office.
But they imply that he created a mess.
One side strongly favors expanding coal, offshore drilling and fracking. The other does not.
The FBI director's move has put the Democratic nominee in an awkward position.
First female president? They did that in the 20th century.
Only children \whose crimes\nreflect permanent incorrigibility\ may be given a life sentence without parole, the court said.
The late Sen. Jesse Helms would likely approve.
And the first member of Congress called on the FBI director to resign.
His carefully maintained nonpolitical image is now starting to fray.
Federal employees should \remain vigilant,\ the interior secretary says.
The revelation raises questions about his handling of the matter of Clinton's emails.
Both men have acted to shield their own electronic communication from the public eye.
The most recent news cycle hasn't significantly affected views on voting rights.
The bureau can now investigate whether the newly discovered emails are relevant to its probe of Clinton's private email server.
The man yelled \Jew-S-A\ at the press during a Trump rally.
\You know there's kind of a double standard.\
Her spokesman says James Comey\u2019s \u201cunbelievably vague\u201d letter to lawmakers was a gift to Republicans.
\It's done too much good.\
Regardless, he still trails badly in Electoral College projections.
\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25
But no one really knows how revisiting the Clinton email investigation will affect other candidates on the ballot.
The inside story of a global bribery scandal, from one remorseful player.
\They need to make that plain.\
A man near the press area at Trump's Phoenix rally shouted \Jew S.A.\ instead of USA.
I\u2019ve taught and written in the area of employment law for nearly a quarter of a century. Hillary Clinton is applying for
In our last entry, we examined the challenges to the businessman politician, and offered unsolicited advice to the aspirant
Scandals are most interesting when they involve the rich, powerful, and famous.
It shouldn\u2019t need saying, but not all of Donald Trump\u2019s supporters are bigoted, misogynistic idiots. Many support him despite
We can't buy back the planet if we ruin it irreparably.
For the past 20 years, I\u2019ve been writing about American workers, and I confess considerable surprise that so many blue-collar
Trump is the kind of boss that intelligence professionals imagine only in their worst nightmares.
The Federal Bureau of Investigations has jumped into the election in a historic way. It has some questions to answer.
The former prosecutor said the FBI decision violates \the most fundamental rules of fairness and impartiality.\u201d
And in not doing so, he's setting a precedent for secrecy that others will likely follow.

As a constitutional scholar, I have studied the FBI's troubling history of deliberately abusing search warrant powers to go on unconstitutional fishing expeditions through Americans' email. It seems likely that happened again here.
\It is time for compliance.\
Top aides renew demand for the facts behind his decision to gather more information regarding Clinton\u2019s private email server
\I'm so in the tank for this.\
Supporters have been violent, admitted to voter fraud and racial profiling, just as Trump foresaw.
Illinois Sen. Mark Kirk apologized for his remark about Tammy Duckworth's heritage, but gun violence opponents and a civil rights group did not find him sincere.
This may be the finest example of trolling of the entire election cycle.
The former employee did not return the thousands of files.
They have questions. He *may* have answers.
Oh, sweet irony.
Trump's already mischaracterizing the investigation into Clinton's handling of sensitive government information.
Yeah, she went there.
\u201cIt is shocking and disheartening that someone I admired would do this,\u201d a former federal prosecutor said.
Top aides to Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump called on the FBI to come clean with voters.
Standing Rock Sioux tribe members say the man is linked to the pipeline company.
He said this news is in a \different league.\
\u201cShe can't honour anything she is morally corrupt.\u201d \u201cThere is nothing this corrupt, deceitful, incompetent, power mad harpy
_______________ Are you looking for a nonpartisan voter guide for the Bill Cole vs. Jim Justice Governor\u2019s race? One that
If Trump is elected, our democracy is at risk.
She still thinks he should run the country, though.
Every election season we\u2019re confronted with a friend, relative, or acquaintance who resolutely supports the other party. Perhaps
Confrontations over development on the tribe's sacred land have grown increasingly tense, with clashes and arrests.
When an adviser warned him he had insulted a Gold Star family, Trump reportedly said \what's that?\
The FBI director was terrible way before Emailgate.
Many saw the animals as a symbol of hope, as police clashed with protesters.
These children -- your children, my children, the children of the world -- are why Donald Trump cannot ever be our president. Because Donald Trump is, quite simply, the worst example we could possibly inflict upon those children. On ourselves. Our country. The world. The universe at large.

For years, Arab American voters, like most other ethnic communities, slightly leaned toward the Democratic party but were swing voters in national and local elections. This was the pattern we observed in the early years of our more than two decades of biannual surveys of the community's voting behavior. It is no longer the case.
Hillary Clinton turns out to be the one who refuses to concede on the night of the election, and demands recounts everywhere. Even after the recounts, however, it becomes apparent that she lost and Donald J. Trump will be our next president.
Anything that makes a Donald Trump presidency more likely doesn't play well in the stock market.
The DoD's spending on EpiPens has increased fivefold since 2008, far outpacing the 130 percent growth in prescriptions.
\u201cI\u2019ll do anything I can if Hillary\u2019s elected to help her, but I don\u2019t want to remain in the administration.\
Even if it isn't the speaker's fault.
Voters in four U.S. cities will consider proposed soda taxes at the ballot box next month.
\u201cHe really grabbed my butt.\
With 98 percent of the state affected, Alabama's abysmal water management planning is under intense scrutiny.
Proposed legislation would let victims take care of their health and safety needs -- without worrying about losing their job.
Yup, Republicans are making the most of this.
The setup was intended to benefit those whose time was \more valuable than others'.\
\u201cHe\u2019d be great.\
New campaign filings show big payments to Trump properties in New York, Las Vegas and Washington.
Bask in the nostalgia of your school government classes.
It sounds naive -- and a bit like Obama -- but the VP candidate really believes the fever will finally break.
Only 11 days to go.
He also wouldn't say if Trump is a good role model for kids.
\u201cThe American people deserve to get the full and complete facts immediately.\u201d
She said there should be a \u201cfair investigation \u2026 by an appropriate body.\
Meet the Peggy Noonans of 2016.
Choose your future. Choose a candidate. Or choose death.
Meanwhile, the RNC sits on money rather than spend for Donald Trump.
James Ashby is the first officer to be convicted of murder in an on-duty shooting since at least 2005.
Maybe this thing isn't over?
\I have great respect for the fact that the FBI and the Department of Justice are now willing to have the courage to right the horrible mistake that they made.\
He\u2019s also not scoring points on respect for women and minorities.
A new website, Worker.gov, seeks to make it easier to protect your rights.
While it may be perfectly legal, Ron Johnson's stake in the multimillion-dollar firm with one employee sure seems odd.
C.J. Cary said he just wanted to tell the GOP nominee to be less racist.
A top Democratic senator also piled on, calling the timing of the FBI's revelation \appalling.\
Senate Republicans are already indicating they'll block any potential nominee put forward by Hillary Clinton.
The case centers around 17-year-old Gavin Grimm, who's been barred from using the boys' restroom at his school.
The FBI\u2019s investigation into Anthony Weiner\u2019s misdoings yielded more Hillary Clinton emails, reminding us that \u201cpolitics
Is Donald Trump the George McGovern of 2016
Prosecutors were planning their next attempt to try those who took over the federal site in Oregon.
The outdoor apparel maker is pushing its customers to vote with environmental issues in mind.
This election makes a good case for banning men.
Nearly all of the money has come from seven-figure donors.
The 68-year-old justice offered Republicans in Congress a lesson on how to do your job.
Bill Bradley thinks we need to get serious about the threat of nuclear war under a President Trump.
There has to be a better way to pay for college.
It eliminates competition and threatens democracy, he said.
A federal appellate court in Boston and a federal trial judge in East Lansing have found laws prohibiting ballot selfies to violate the First Amendment\u2019s protection of free speech.
A Trump biographer was offering them soundbites on a silver platter, but they ignored him.
Principled!
The campaign's internal models show him trailing Hillary Clinton.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 Donald Trump\u2019s
\Don't worry about it.\
Undocumented immigrants can't vote, but many of the people who love them can.
\u201cI want to be engaged in an honorable line of work,\u201d he said before he left the Senate.
Neither does FLOTUS.
Disparate poll results place the Democratic nominee\u2019s advantage between 2 and 12 points. Reality is likely somewhere in the middle.
But Hillary Clinton is still leading in the polls.
Teachers say that Donald's Trump campaign has led to an increase in school bullying. Hillary Clinton has a plan to change that.
The GOP nominee tried to leverage positive comments from the documentary filmmaker.
\u201cI\u2019m not gonna get into that.\
They say it\u2019s virtually impossible \u2014 and that the GOP nominee is wasting their time.
Ohio looks more like one of the law's success stories.
The RNC said the filing was completely meritless.
\ud83e\udd14
A federal appellate court in Boston and a federal trial judge in East Lansing have found laws prohibiting ballot selfies to violate the First Amendment\u2019s protection of free speech.
Senate Republicans have suggested that they will continue to leave a Supreme Court seat vacant if Hillary Clinton is elected president.
This is political courage. This is bravery.
Obama's clemency total now stands at 872.
He refused to apologize to Khizr and Ghazala Khan, saying their son would still be alive if he had been president.
And what Newt Gingrich said to Megyn Kelly this week is just the latest example.
But older girls are still lagging behind their male peers, according to national test results.
Vote Protectors wants volunteers to approach voters on Election Day to ask about \election fraud.\
There is no talk of blood in the streets in small-town Ohio.
The magic number is 37.4 percent -- and some polls show him below that.
A discussion about Donald Trump's sexual assault allegations derailed quickly.
\u201cI can\u2019t stress it enough
In two weeks, California voters will decide on Proposition 64, or the Adult Use of Marijuana Act (AUMA). If passed, AUMA
Some debts may be forgiven. Others won't.
Few say that online debates are helping them find common ground.
Richard Burr's Armed Services stint shows how raising money became more important than doing the work he was elected to do.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 Hillary Clinton
Meanwhile, the Department of Justice says it wants to \defuse tensions.\
The GOP nominee\u2019s \u201ctheatrical persona\u201d is distasteful to his name twin.
Few Americans say the debates changed their minds.
Conservatives lay the groundwork for blocking all of Hillary Clinton's nominees.
\All of New England is counting on you!\
If you can call plugging his new hotel \campaigning.\
The battle for the direction of a Clinton administration is on.
\If there are no sponsored terror attacks before Election Day, it means ISIS prefers Clinton.\
Rep. Mike Coffman's re-election is testing whether Trump will doom down-ticket Republicans, even if they don't back him.
WHA???
Huge things.
\Hello... it's Hillary.\
He once fought to get a $306.99 tax refund from a public library.
Talk about symbolism.
This is the worst shape the party's been in at this point in an election since the turn of the millennium.
\When he puts his name on a historic building on America\u2019s main street, he mocks all of us.\
She told him to take his \anger issues and spend some time working on them.\
It's one thing to watch it. It's another to see your grandmother witness it.
Sixty percent of Californians say they support banning plastic bags.
Two ads highlight the senator's attempt to appeal to split-ticket voters.
Hillary Clinton has pledged not to cut benefits.
Go home, Trump hotel bar, you're drunk.
It's a bleak possibility for the not-too-distant future.
We'll only see change if they overhaul the culture of law enforcement.
In one county, a reduction in polling places has helped cut early voting by 85 percent.
Our Brexit could be your Donald Trump, warns the dame.
A real estate firm bypassed Charlotte for a major expansion because of the state's anti-LGBTQ law.
The Republican senator has now changed his mind four times.
The former employee claims supervisors did nothing to stop harassment from coworkers.
He just wanted to get out the vote.
\We\u2019ve had tremendous veteran endorsements because the veterans have been treated so unfairly.\
\u201cWinning three elections in a row can shift the tectonic plates of the political debate towards the left.\
The EMILY's List super PAC is sending money to Minnesota, New Mexico and Vermont.
Newly leaked emails show Clinton aides scrambling \to clean this up.\
The GOP nominee mocked the vice president as \Mr. Tough Guy.\
Everyone should see this.
Just 14 more days.
The ad features children counting down prior to a nuclear explosion.
He's going all in to attack the Democratic presidential nominee.
Two. More. Weeks.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 Donald Trump
The Trump bind is real.
The fact that she was found not guilty of using a private email server is another one of her \dirty tricks,\ he said.
The social insurance program spares more than 22 million Americans from deprivation, according to a new report.
At last we've found a subject Trump WON'T tweet about.
Just last year, people's confidence in their local police was significantly lower.
It\u2019s possible, but Clinton would need to win by a lot to have that much of a coattail effect.
How the presidential race looks from the epicenter of America's housing collapse.
Sen. Pat Toomey (R-Pa.), who still won't affirm whether he supports Trump, refused to answer the question three times.
\u201cYou\u2019re not fighting Syria any more, you\u2019re fighting Syria, Russia and Iran.\
Just try to imagine Mitt Romney with Trump's baggage. You can't!
It's possible he doesn't know what the Affordable Care Act actually is.
Nearly $300,000 of small donations went to \u201cArt of the Deal\u201d publisher.
But don't call it \Trump TV.\
The former secretary of state is the latest George W. Bush administration veteran to back the Democrat.
Of course the progressive Oregon city would be a pioneer on this.
\It\u2019s time for Congress to get back in the game,\ the VP pick said.
Saying a candidate supports Trump is basically defamation, they argue.
FLOTUS is campaigning hard for Clinton because \this election is different, the choice is different.\
The Mexican-American actress had some harsh words for the Republican nominee.
Mike Crapo is no longer an undecided voter.
A 1999 interview shows just how much he's flip-flopped on key issues.
Company executives have argued against unionization in meetings with staff.
Democrats desperately want to get back control of the Republican-controlled Senate.
It's a technique commonly used by pollsters -- including Trump's campaign manager.
It's a toss-up for who will take the Senate majority.
Because who wants to read more about the presidential race right now anyways.
Meanwhile, Merrick Garland has been waiting 222 days for an actual confirmation.
They make up one-third of eligible voters.
The Massachusetts senator also tore into Republican Sen. Kelly Ayotte for calling Trump a \role model.\
Pray it doesn't come to that, I guess?
Critics say the ballot measure, which Floridians will vote on in two weeks, is misleading.
The election is being held today.
Subsidies will help many, but others will see substantial increases.
Donald Trump's insults made the cut for \all the news that's fit to print.\
But he loves clean air as much as the next guy.
Thankfully, he kept his promise not to twerk.
He was one of several protesters arrested and charged with incitement and conspiracy during the Democratic national convention in Chicago in 1968.
GEO Group is one of the few publicly traded companies to make major super PAC donations.
Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) would like to remind you that lots of people move to Florida.
\In short, my family values, my Christian value, my core beliefs have been disenfranchised by my party\u2019s nominee for president.\
\That is the definition of chutzpah,\u201d the president said.
The Youthful Carnage of America\u2019s Gun Culture Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com Every day, on average, seven kids and teens
I am sick of writing about Trump and you\u2019re sick of reading about him. But I just put in my 10,000 hours and I finally figured
It is time for the West to take the Kremlin\u2019s \u201cprotest potential\u201d strategy seriously. If for no other reason than because
America\u2019s largest group dedicated solely to defeating Donald Trump in the 2016 election has just filed a serious FBI complaint
Washington State Patrol salaries fall below that of a number of local police agencies. For example, entry-level state troopers
Trump and Perot have a few obvious things in common.
Donald Trump took the stage in Gettysburg on Saturday for what was billed by his campaign aides as his \u201cclosing argument
Antitrust is the Next Big Thing in politics.
Corporations are running out of places to hide, so Congress is trying to build them a shelter back home. Warren wants to stop it.
Everything is going great.
\u201cThey\u2019re trying desperately to suppress my vote and the voice of the American people.\
The GOP nominee wins the backing of Sheldon Adelson's newspaper.
The results are similar to national polling
\I don't see it happening.\
She sang a different tune when she worked for Ted Cruz.
Three weeks from today, Americans finally will have a chance to vote for president of the United States \u2014 hundreds of other
Leadership of our nation\u2019s major institutions is not about winning. It\u2019s also about making these institutions stronger and more trustworthy.
Denying, explaining and excusing their behavior, criminal offenders will often inadvertently expose deplorable attitudes
Are you looking for a nonpartisan voter guide for the Chris Sununu vs. Colin Van Ostern Governor\u2019s race? One that will give
While Christian citizens should certainly engage in the political process, what\u2019s missing for some is an understanding that government is for all the people, not a select Christian subset.
But those are probably outliers. There are many, many more that show Clinton ahead by substantial margins.
The campaign is having to answer for $12 million the Clinton Foundation received from the king of Morocco.
The GOP nominee has continued to allege the election is \rigged\ against him.
The real story is much, much weirder.

Hard to imagine The Great Emancipator making wild charges and slurs as Trump does. In fact, can there be anything more ludicrous?
No one believes more in Donald Trump than Trump himself.
\u201cThey don\u2019t get out and vote. They don\u2019t vote.\u201d
Yet another pivot?
And NOW, they're upset about it. But not enough to dump him.
Not doing his dad any favors.
In a world filled with darkness, Biden is a shining light.
The Indiana secretary of state claimed a voter registration group had forged applications -- but there's no clear evidence that happened.
Some Donald Trump stories wouldn't even get a PG rating.
The most likely outcome is a 50-50 split. But with the Clinton-Kaine presidential ticket likely to win, it would become a Democratic majority.
\u201cI don\u2019t want to talk to the media. They\u2019re liars,\ said the man in Newtown, Pennsylvania.
Donald Trump\u2019s history with women could give Georgia\u2019s electoral votes to a Democrat for the first time since Bill Clinton won the White House.
This election season, a sign of the times is\u2026 no signs at all. The current Presidential contest hasn\u2019t been an easy one for
The election is over and the suggestion that the electors can simply disregard the majority of electoral votes pledged to
As the media focuses on Donald Trump\u2019s sexually predatory behavior and Hillary Clinton\u2019s Wall Street speeches, the future
A lot of friends and family have asked me who I\u2019m supporting this cycle. Today I cast my ballot for Governor Gary Johnson
Self-Serving Rubio Never Earned Our Vote Senator Marco Rubio it\u2019s time for you to go. You have proven to be a self-serving
He also made a noticeable shift in his plan to make Mexico pay for a wall.
Jessica Drake said Trump kissed her and her friends without permission and offered her money to spend the night with him.
You might think she\u2019d be squarely in Hillary\u2019s target market. But Amanda, 27, a white single mother who lives in the suburbs

On almost every major issue the two major Presidential candidates and the candidates for The House of Representatives and The Senate from the two major parties have completely different positions.
In short, broad, integrated reform of the underlying legal immigration system, coupled with effective engagement of migrant sending states, would better address the challenges to which Trump's largely symbolic and wholly untenable policy proposals seek to respond.
Maybe this, together with all the dark talk of \rigged elections\ from Trump will finally provide a dash of enthusiasm for Clinton, here at the homestretch -- it'd certainly be a fitting end to the most bizarre presidential campaign of everyone's lifetimes.
Citizens in several of the Arab Gulf states appear to have a higher appreciation for the quality of life available to them in their countries than do citizens in most European countries.
In this week's episode of \Scheer Intelligence,\ Robert Scheer speaks with David Dayen, author of the book Chain of Title
This election has left serious rifts within the party.
\u201cYet another court has said it is unacceptable for politicians to dictate where women can go for their health care.\u201d
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 A new report
Hillary Clinton and allies have outspent Trump by more than 2-to-1.
Corey Lewandowski has made $541,000 from the campaign but donated nothing to it.
The GOP nominee drew boos at a Catholic fundraiser when he claimed Clinton was only \pretending not to hate Catholics.\
Republicans have to own this garbage.
Martin Gottesfeld's not backing down anytime soon in his fight to raise awareness around institutional child abuse.
But few think resorting to violence would be acceptable, a new poll shows.
Well-played.
Maybe the former KKK wizard should thank Donald Trump.
\u201cAll of our election judges will be provided with cell phones that have direct access to the district attorney\u2019s office of Philadelphia.\u201d
Trump's attorneys said evidence and statements from the election campaign should be barred from trial because they could unfairly prejudice the jury.
Many American cities are struggling to keep up aging water systems.
The state just made it illegal to advertise your apartment on Airbnb for less than 30 days.
Powerful.
If voting doesn't matter, then \why did they make it so hard?\
Michael Steele said he was \u201cdamn near puking during the debates.\u201d
We already miss President Obama's comedic timing.
What year is it?
After all their talk of rigged votes, it's a surprisingly difficult question to answer.
Bridget Kelly told jurors she discussed the plans to shut down access lanes with the governor a month before they occurred.
Stock markets around the world are uncharacteristically averse to the Republican nominee.
And it could cost him the speakership.
Bob Creamer stepped away from his job after the films were made public. But he maintains the whole thing is \total bulls**t.\
\I wish we were in high school, and I could take him behind the gym.\
No presidential winner has overcome disparities in money and staff like those facing Trump.
He didn't even try to answer the question about sexism.
\u201cGetting through these three debates with Donald has to count as a miracle.\u201d
But they doubt voters will change their minds now.
Voting rights cases have become pivotal battlegrounds ahead of the Nov. 8 election between Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump.
The moderator blamed the stimulus for the slow economic recovery.
A watchdog report says the agency knew of the city's lead problem months before it stepped in.
In an unheard of moment in American politics.
This is the peaceful refuge we all need right now.
So much for that.
Even 78 percent of Donald Trump\u2019s supporters think it\u2019s important.
\You know, this is a really sad night.\
The Amazon CEO previously criticized venture capitalist Peter Thiel for his Gawker lawsuits.
Abortion rights hang in the balance.
Karena Virginia said the experience made her feel ashamed for years.
He hails her as a \u201cgreat woman\u201d in the 2008 interview.
Trump is fond of a lie about Muslim-majority countries that's already been linked to an Islamophobic killing.
Three debates -- three losses for The Donald.
\u201cA right-hand shot, a right-hand shot on the chin.\
Donald Trump needed a major coup to improve his standing in the race. He didn't come close.
We are not Romania.
Clinton\u2019s grasp of policy and ability to turn sentences into paragraphs that express coherent thoughts set her apart in a stark way from her opponent.
Because he met with the Mexican president and didn\u2019t get him to pay for the wall.
The House speaker's popularity has nosedived with his public squabbles with Donald Trump.
Rafael Rodriguez's mom is undocumented, and he's not a Trump fan.
*Laughter*
It's not like the future of humanity is at stake or anything.
America's leaders once urged austerity, but Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump didn't.
\u201cWe\u2019re confident in the American public that they will accept the outcome of this election.\
\u201cI shouldn\u2019t say this on television \u2015 I like speed.\u201d
The real winner
At least space out your fibs, Mr. Trump, so we can keep up.
He wished Hillary Clinton \lots of luck\ in the coming years.
And this time, it got \nasty.\
\Yet when the women were put with the men, they lost their dominance. I don\u2019t know why. Maybe that\u2019s a reflection of real life.\u201d
Trump later said he would accept \clear results,\ although he didn't specify what that means.
Until that point, he was actually having a pretty good night.
His campaign manager claims he just wants the right to a recount if he's down \a couple of votes.\ That's not at all what's going on.
\I mean, come on, get over yourself,\u201d the Maine governor added.
Polling is not a choose-your-own-adventure situation.
\u201cI didn\u2019t like the outcome of the 2008 election. But I had a duty to concede, and I did so without reluctance,\ the former GOP nominee said.
The Trump Foundation is also gross.
\These are the last desperate throes of a campaign in shambles. Denial, deflection, defeat.\
The charge may come as a surprise for the debate's moderator, Fox News anchor Chris Wallace.
As Hillary Clinton said, it's horrifying.
\u201cIf he loses, it will not be because the system is \u2018rigged\u2019 but because he failed as a candidate.\u201d
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 Donald Trump
His solution? Cut taxes and repeal Obamacare.
Even if Donald Trump doesn't.
Trump also condemned alleged Russian intervention in the U.S. election.
Down with the bad ombres!
Ali Hamza Ahmad al Bahlul had been convicted of conspiracy to commit war crimes.
Sorry, Donald.
She acknowledged \legitimate concerns\ about getting entangled with Russia.
His vision for the Supreme Court and the Constitution is ... complaining about a sitting justice.
He's saying the whole system is rigged against him.
It\u2019s not going to get much better if she wins the presidency.
His complaints are part of a broader problem within the GOP, she says.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 \u201cTonight is Forever
North Carolina Sen. Richard Burr attended just 30 percent of Armed Services hearings while serving on the committee.
We asked an oddsmaker for help answering this and other pressing questions.
It'll be a doozy.
It's the last faceoff before Election Day.
The GOP once reviled the website, but now supports it for publishing Democrats' hacked emails.
The Anti-Defamation League cites a torrent of tweets containing \u201cdisturbing\u201d language.
It was only a matter of time.
\Prices will skyrocket after crooked Hillary gets in.\
\u201cI do get a lot of honesty over the internet,\u201d he claimed.
Republicans\u2019 and Democrats\u2019 opinions differ on sexual assault allegations and whether they\u2019re relevant to the election.
Not exactly a role model for representative democracy.
Memo to all lawyers
He's not worried about the Russians and not impressed by the Floridian.
Alas, there is one way this could all work out.
\My good-paying job -- it\u2019s gone. Because of greed. Greed! Nothing else.\
Trump's campaign is limping to the finish line, and tonight could be his last hurrah.
Actually, there's a lot of good news out there.
The GOP nominee will probably still win the state, but his numbers have taken a nosedive.
Will he go after the women who have accused him of sexual assault?
Enrollment in the health insurance exchanges is expected to grow slowly amid price hikes.
Threats to jail opponents and claims of rigged elections have dangerous precedents in the U.S.
The AARP initiative argues for reform, but doesn't specify what kind.
The Senate minority leader held his press conference at a Mexican restaurant outside Las Vegas.
We should set some reasonable limits.
The GOP nominee's environmental policies are vague at best, and dangerous at worst.
The filmmaker who shot the New Black Panther Party outside a polling place in 2008 is concerned Trump is provoking violence.
Malik Obama came out as pro-Trump in July.
The group said the next president will face problems that mandate \vigorous support for science.\
She can help silence Donald Trump's claims of a rigged election and bolster democracy's credibility with a decisive debate performance.
The few remaining persuadable Americans mostly say he's not qualified to be president.
This time, he's blaming it on \illegal immigrants.\
\u201cIt\u2019s curious that the governor would question the integrity of a system under which he was elected twice,\u201d one Democrat noted.
Opinions are deeply divided along party lines.
Funny, the distinction seems to be whether the hack hit Hillary Clinton.
\u201cI don\u2019t want my name and photograph associated with the Trump campaign.\u201d
Trump has boasted of committing crimes against women with impunity. That's not something the police should endorse.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 Donald Trump
Contrary to what his colleague John McCain may have said.
Should we go ahead and delete our accounts, or...?
The kids have only been wrong twice.
The message is the latest in a series posted by The Nuisance Committee.
The fashion magazine is the latest in a string of publications to take a stand against Donald Trump.
\u201dWell, if they bring [up] my past, why not?\u201d
\Maybe not, because maybe he wants to run in four years,\ the GOP nominee said.
FBI data confirms that 2015 was one of the safest years ever for police.
\u201cI\u2019m proud of everything I\u2019ve said, and that\u2019s all I can control,\ the New Jersey governor said.
Donald Trump didn't build the voter fraud myth. Republicans helped make that happen.
And they are twice as likely to be sent to prison than white women.
Oops.
It's a message to Bernie supporters still mulling over their options.
He also threatened the president with lynching.
\Inappropriate and offensive.\
\You don\u2019t have what it takes to be in this job.\u201d
The GOP nominee continues to attack the legitimacy of next month\u2019s election
As far as corporate leaders go, it's a pretty diverse bunch.
The renewal came despite a Department of Homeland Security order to review whether the agency should keep running its facilities as for-profit businesses.
A supposedly anti-corruption policy actually empowers lobbyists.
The press just loves giving the House speaker a big ol' pass!
The family also wants you to have a cold beer.
They don't trust him to uphold the Constitution at all.
People don't want to put a host of key issues in his hands.
By Jonathan Allen NEW YORK (Reuters) - A senior official at the U.S. State Department tried to push the Federal Bureau of
With Clinton's presidential race prospects getting stronger, the campaign is looking for a Democratic Congress.
And 40 percent of voters don\u2019t have faith in American democracy.
Americans are less certain that their votes will be accurately counted than in previous elections.
Sort of. Maybe.
Traditionally competitive states are slipping from Donald Trump's grasp.
\This is a moment for graciousness, not fractiousness.\u201d
\If I have to be a patriot, I will,\ Dan Bowman told The Wall Street Journal.
Of course.
A look back to a more innocent time.
\u201cSo you\u2019re telling me that the candidate who snorted his way through the first two debates is accusing the other candidate of taking drugs?\u201d
So this is where it all happens.
\u201cAt some point, the good of the country must outweigh the instinct for political self-preservation.\u201d
John Thune's floundering over Donald Trump undercuts his daughter's praise.
One is that the FBI already told us about the newest revelation. The other is that the \secret\ document is already posted online.
All before noon.
James Taylor and John Grisham helped finance an ad that skewers HB 2, the state's anti-LGBT law.
Racial discrimination in policing didn\u2019t end with Jim Crow.
\The stuff he is talking about, it is ridiculous.\
They're not going to stop until the \selfish little sleazeball\ has been defeated.
He's treating Hillary Clinton like she's applying for food stamps.
The offensive began Monday.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 Donald Trump
So much for letting the people and the next president decide.
More and more kids are getting their high school diplomas.
The WIldcatters\u2019 blog is written by Kirby Goidel (Professor of Mass Communication, Texas A&M University) and Keith Gaddie
On October 6, the Center on National Security at Fordham University School of Law hosted Sen. Chris Murphy (D-CT) for a discussion
Will a tax on sugary soft drinks cut obesity? Some cities may find out if voters approve ballot measures. By Elaine S. Povich
But Trump would have been within his rights to do so, said the surrogate, A.J. Delgado.
A similar phenomenon accompanied Barack Obama's presidency.
His running mate and surrogates tried to walk them back, but the nominee was having none of it.
The perpetrators spray-painted a swastika and the words \Nazi Republicans leave town or else\ on an adjacent building.
The Democrat leads nationally and in key states, although the size of her advantage is debatable.
Most think the GOP nominee has probably made unwanted sexual advances.
Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani (R) vigorously defended his man for president, Donald Trump, on Sunday against the
In a debate, Rep. Glenn Thompson shared the words of his wife
\Paul Ryan does zilch!\ the GOP nominee tweeted on Sunday.
Sen. Mike Crapo is one of several Republican lawmakers facing backlash for his decision to abandon Trump.
The claims are not simply \she said, he said,\ CNN's Jake Tapper pointed out.
\I was a pretty good athlete in high school, college. I don't ever remember that kind of locker room talk, never.\
It is no secret. I don\u2019t like Trump. In fact, I\u2019m disgusted by his antics and rhetoric. However, he is not the first person
Nothing destroys a brand, as long as it keeps selling.
When President Obama took office, there was a concerted effort to delegitimize many of his actions by the Tea Party element
On October 9, just as the American electorate and the world were processing the 2005 video of Donald Trump boasting of his
Martin Gottesfeld wrote this article during his prison hunger strike. It is published here on his behalf by his wife, Dana
\u201cUnshackled\u201d by scandal, Trump is now outwardly claiming the entire election is rigged by a globalist elite and promising
For a party that goes on and on about personal responsibility, its leadership seems quick to point the finger elsewhere.
I worry about Kansas a lot these days, my home state for more than three decades. Several political and social developments
You can hear the Koch Brothers cheering now.
I am a daughter of two people who support U.S. presidential candidate Donald J. Trump, and I am heartbroken over it. Despite
Would you be brave enough to do what these women have done?
Apparently, when the going gets tough, this tough gets whiny.
Are you looking for a nonpartisan voter guide for the Tammy Duckworth vs. Mark Kirk Senate race? One that will give you an
The nation's oldest civil rights group is taking a critical look at the state of education.
Supporters can buy an autographed hat with the words \u201cI\u2019m for Duke & Trump!\u201d emblazoned on it.
If the presidential race in Arizona is close, Native Americans could throw it to Clinton.
It's a break from what his running mate, Donald Trump, has been saying.
AARP is promoting alarmism about the program and giving awards to Republican lawmakers who want to cut it.
Once the election is over, we will need a collective effort to bind the wounds and address the divisions caused by this polarizing campaign.

With the Nov. 8 election now only weeks away and polls turning against him, Trump is spending precious time in campaign speeches defending himself from accusations from several women.
Clinton has been criticized for not revealing details of her paid speeches before big business.
He's a disaster, but he's their disaster.
This is horrifying.
Paul McLaughlin said Natasha Stoynoff called him after the sexual assault occurred.
A new website has all the answers.
Trump's campaign can't explain how the two Clinton backers ended up there.
\u201cThe whole thing is one big fix. One big ugly lie. It\u2019s one big fix.\u201d
The shackles really are off.
He is also failing in his promise to self-fund $100 million.
What this must-win state needs is more Republican infighting.
Emails published by Wikileaks appear to show an offered donation from Qatar, which would conflict with the Foundation's policy.
The Obama administration wants the Kremlin to answer for its alleged meddling in U.S. elections.
He put quotation marks around the word \president\ when speaking about Obama.
Trump is mad at elected officials. Donors are mad at the RNC. And everyone anticipates a bloodbath on Election Day.
In Abbeville, South Carolina next Saturday, a historical marker honoring the life of an African American man lynched 100
She had such energy at the last debate, she must have been on something.
Who would have guessed?
The continued failure to include us whenever you talk about Asian Americans is extremely insulting.
A raid this month seized 45,000 voter registration applications, most of them from black voters.
She is, without a doubt, one of the smartest, toughest, and most experienced candidates to ever run for president. As important as these qualities are, I am also in awe of her self-control.
Donald Trump has a new answer for why he's about to lose in a landslide. It's all a vast left-wing conspiracy. No, really.

Are you listening, Donald Trump?
Only a dozen of an estimated 22,450 people employed at his companies have donated more than $200 to Donald Trump's presidential bid.
\u201cThe speech that she gave, I think put into words what so many people are feeling and not just women and girls.\
The GOP nominee's numbers haven't dropped much in the past week, but he was already losing.
But didn't we all, really?
North Carolina's Richard Burr demonstrates the Republican two-step.
But most don't think their children are particularly bothered by the election.
The spot says Sen. Kelly Ayotte's contortions prove the depth of her political calculation.
The city's newest cop has come under fire for problematic tweets.
It was a headache for her campaign.
Collecting more data is a start, but it might not give the public a better understanding of the problem.
He hasn't forgotten their years of enabling Trump's birther lie.
Top donors want the GOP to disavow the embattled candidate.
\My comments were inappropriately dismissive and harsh,\ the Supreme Court justice said.
Agree to disagree on reality?
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Donald Trump\u2019s
\The only p*$$y Trump ever grabbed was Paul Ryan!\ the sign also asserts.
GOP candidates are hoping to save their majority by convincing voters to split their tickets.
The state's supreme court ruled that a jury must be unanimous when imposing a death sentence.
The progressive firebrand has long warred with SEC Chair Mary Jo White, a former corporate lawyer.
We need this commentary IRL.
The families say the AR-15 assault weapon should not be sold to the public.
Also, American visitors can bring back as much tobacco and rum as they want.
They single out notorious adviser Roger Stone for scrutiny.
Pulling his endorsement could give him a boost in the Senate race -- or come with a heavy price.
Amazing how that happened, huh?
He made it about foreign policy.
The Supreme Court will hear his case in March.
Muslims are fighting Donald Trump's rhetoric in the electoral arena.
Summer Zervos is the 11th woman this week to come forward.
Disgusting.
Cities are a microcosm of what is right about America.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0 The Trump campaign
The accusations are piling up.
The ads attack four Republicans who tried to defund Planned Parenthood.
Hillary Clinton scored another victory, a new poll finds.
Scott's death was ruled a homicide.
Evidence of misconduct is piling up -- so what is the Justice Department waiting for?
But no matter how many times you write \Batman,\ he isn't getting elected.
And Donald Trump is to blame.
They plan to dredge up scandals from the '90s and blame a woman for the affairs of her husband. Really.
Officials do not believe Feras Freitekh, 28, was acting on behalf of a militant group.
He's not issuing statements. He's not taking questions. But vote Trump!
Just like us. \ud83d\udc31
Trump continues to cause headaches for Republican candidates.
Intimidation, anyone?
\u201cA bank CEO should not be able to oversee a massive fraud and simply walk away to enjoy his millions in retirement.\
When it comes to Mike Tyson, Bill Clinton, Roger Ailes and others, the Republican nominee has been a champion.
Scorched.
What's next?
\If someone was being molested or raped [in first class], other people in the cabin would see that.\
Educators don't typically have to talk about crude language and sexual assault when teaching current events.
POTUS praised him as one of his \favorite poets.\
This is not what a tied race looks like.
She says she couldn't stay silent anymore.
But the threat still serves a purpose.
Trump has refused to negotiate with a housekeepers' union, leading to picket lines at his hotels.
The GOP nominee's address on Thursday was his scariest scripted speech yet.
The GOP nominee has recovered from past issues, but voting has started this time.
Claims the Democratic nominee's \anti-biblical agenda\ will spark violence against women.
The Obama administration has been supporting a Saudi-led campaign there for 18 months.
\He should not have his finger on the button.\
His campaign says neither he nor a surrogate ever had an interview with a Serbian magazine.
A new report finds that youth use rates and traffic fatalities have remained stable, marijuana arrests have dropped and revenue is flowing in.
House Republicans seem ready to blame the speaker for electoral losses, even if they're Trump's fault.
Expect to see a lot more of this before Election Day.
We didn't start the fire. We just reported on it.
Voters are solidifying their choices, not changing sides.
\That's why I was so happy.\
And that he wouldn't want to be in a foxhole with the Speaker of the House.
The GOP nominee probably wouldn't be too pleased to hear this comparison.
The video doesn't seem to have hurt him among women, who mostly had a low opinion of him already.
The man was also invited to sit behind Trump at the event in the front row.
The former secretary of state needs to do much better on immigration and national security, according to the ACLU.
The Republican nominee has opened a new front in his war against the House speaker.
A young undocumented student from Chicago hopes to achieve what the Supreme Court couldn't.
\u201cLaw and Order
\You've heard the common expression a thousand times
A reminder that the drug war is an ongoing catastrophe.
What the hell is happening here?
\We can\u2019t have her in.\
He stands a chance of losing the state to Hillary Clinton or independent candidate Evan McMullin.
Oh and by the way, his dad fights terrorism for a living.
He claims he meant to say \authoritative.\
From record-keeping to use of force, the report found that the SFPD has \significant deficiencies.\
Yep, really.
\u201cYou cannot take that position while in uniform,\u201d said a San Antonio city councilman.
Sen. Richard Burr is under fire for being too close to industry groups, which spent more than $100,000 to send him around the world, a review shows.
The bill helped credit card companies squeeze vulnerable families.
Johnson\u2019s critics say his embrace of private prisons did not go as well as he claims.
Trump says his boasts of sexual assault were just talk. These women say it happened to them.
Billionaire IAC Chairman Barry Diller made the comment to Politico.
Oh yes -- Gov. Pat McCrory also thinks Donald Trump is a \role model.\
Hazleton has changed in many ways, but racial tensions are still there.
Mmm, political expediency tastes good.
But did they brag about grabbing p***y?
A 1993 interview shows the brash businessman speaking honestly about his thoughts on women.
I am a fellow for the Hillary for America campaign in Santa Fe, New Mexico. I am not a paid staffer. I am not retired or
This Presidential election has been exasperating. Progressives found an ally in Bernie Sanders, worked hard to elect him
So maybe that rush to finally denounce him did the trick.
Yet at the last debate, he said, \She doesn't quit.\
And we know how that one ended.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0 Hillary Clinton
Voters who thought Donald Trump respected women mostly still do.
Who needs credible evidence?
The nominees had the time of their lives on Sunday night.
The Donald's campaign learns to love political correctness.
Ryan has said he will no longer defend Trump, but won't withdraw his endorsement.
It would cost more than $7 trillion over the next decade, according to one analysis.
Bill O'Reilly.
They are seeking no more than six months incarceration for 84-year-old Republican Arizona lawman, citing his age and other factors.
A reckoning is coming, but Donald Trump thinks it's already here.
Her approach is very different from what Donald Trump has in mind.
\u201cHow will they rebuild this party?\u201d
Obama has helped transform the U.S. into a global climate leader. The wrong successor could undo this progress.
\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25
It's going to be bittersweet.
He blames it on the racist rhetoric spread by Donald Trump.
Authoritarianism is supposed to be considered bad in America.
The incident took place at a border crossing between El Paso, Texas and Ciudad Juarez, Mexico.
The teachers, who've worked without a contract since June 2015,  still have to vote on the tentative deal.
Because I feel like this whole election is against me!
This is another step toward making the national park system more inclusive.
Billy Bush fired. Roger Ailes out. Trump still going.
The appeals court decision won't necessarily doom the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
The U.S. government says otherwise.
\We're already well on our way.\
There's no evidence the next president has a plan forward for the country where American ally Saudi Arabia has been slaughtering civilians.
\Supporting a Donald Trump presidency is a personal attack on the bodies of women.\
In a bipartisan twist, the Obama administration is arguing that they shouldn't be.
That leaked audio wouldn't be such a big deal if more Americans were exposed to bragging about sexual assault.
And Megyn Kelly let him know it, in no uncertain terms.
Women are more disgusted by the party than ever.
Just like all of us.
It\u2019s not clear yet how much he\u2019s declined in the last few days, but the initial numbers don\u2019t look good.
They were actually kind of nice!
The idea is more commonly associated with dictators, but that didn't stop team Trump from cheering it on after the debate.
The Democratic VP nominee is embracing his \u201chuman sweater vest\u201d reputation.
Hillary Clinton is running on her record, not her husband's.
Buffett said he had no problem releasing his tax information while under audit.
The differences between the candidates, in one exchange.
Donald Trump was given slightly more time than Hillary Clinton during the debate.
The megadonor could get another shot at the job under a Clinton presidency.
Polling shows that Donald Trump's focus on the former president's history could backfire.
Instead, Trump again asked African-Americans what they had to lose by voting for him.
It's now or never for thousands of people.
That\u2019s what we Americans love to do these days anyway.
\We have a divided nation because people like her,\ he said.
Climate change also got mentioned, almost by accident.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0 Donald Trump
\u201cIt\u2019s like thug politics.\u201d
It\u2019s too early to tell what effect the lewd recording and the debate will have on the race.
OMG.
He also threatened to jail Hillary Clinton.
\Trump is dangerous/unfit,\ the former U.S. attorney general said on Twitter.
The ruling gives Floridians displaced by Hurricane Matthew more time to register.
All he had to do was show up.
The Standing Rock Sioux fear the project will taint drinking water and destroy sacred ground.
Nothing to see here, folks.
(LAUGHTER)
It's okay, Ken Bone. Your plan B outfit was A+ to us.
There were a mountain of false and misleading statements.
And his campaign manager called it \good for democracy.\
But Clinton didn't win her over either.
Long live the undecided voter.
In a new environmental ad, children tell the climate change denier it\u2019s \u201ctime to stop kidding around.\u201d
The GOP nominee continued to dismiss his shocking comments about women as \locker room talk.\
Obamacare has its problems, but Trump is full of it.
Critics are likely to say the moderator overstepped her bounds.
\There is always a reason for everything,\ Trump said.
Ryan was supposed to be a conscientious objector to Trump\u2019s worst impulses. He ended up Trump\u2019s most helpless fool.
Trump told Clinton she would be in jail if he were president.
Four women appeared with the nominee ahead of the debate.
A delicate dance for House Republicans.
Republicans are criticizing Donald Trump while keeping a Supreme Court seat open in hopes he'll become president.
This is sure to be ugly.
An NBC/Wall Street Journal survey shows Donald Trump crashing after Friday's video release.
Two surveys both give her the advantage.
He said Trump's plan is no different from what the FBI considered.
Unless...
Things got exciting.
The people in the Trojan horse were the heroes of the story.
The next few weeks are going to be ugly.
But he still wants to ban Syrian refugees from the country.
There was a lot to talk about.
Donald Trump poses a threat to global security, the publication says.
\One of them is fit to be President.  The other one is a buffoon.\
A warning from someone who's seen this kind of thing before.
\u201cOur son served this country with honor and distinction, and gave the ultimate sacrifice,\ the Gold Star father said.
This is the guy Trump says he confided to about his war opposition.
Excerpts from 2013 speeches Clinton made reveal she thought bankers were in the best position to regulate themselves.
Beltway Republicans continue to influence nobody.
It's a nice list! But it's far too late.
Trump once expressed sympathy for Clinton and the intense public scrutiny she received over her husband\u2019s affairs and the ensuing investigations.
A \law and order\ message resonates in the Show Me State, two years after Michael Brown's death.
Trump's \demeaning\ and \degrading\ comments about women show just how \insecure\ he really is, Obama said.
\u201cThere should be no more temporizing, no more denying that Trump\u2019s election would be a shame on our country.\u201d
Good luck with that.
\u201cTalk and actions are two different things.\
The candidate spent the weekend huddled with advisers after a shocking video was revealed Friday.
The Republican nominee predicted some \hypocrites\ will lose because they betrayed him, and he may be right.
The Republican nominee is due to appear alongside Democrat Hillary Clinton on Sunday.
The \Meet the Press\ host seems to be just as sickened by Trump as everyone else.
\It makes it harder for me to vote for him, definitely,\ said one supporter.
The GOP is gonna have to take this one to term whether they want to or not.
The Republican nominee is on the warpath.
\I\u2019m happy to throw a stone,\ the CNN anchor said.
The Democratic nominee has secured the \u201cmost coveted newspaper endorsement in the U.S.\
It's unclear if harsh words from the Obama administration will lead to a change in policy.
Even his staunchest advocates are having a hard time with this one.
Or, as he would say, the \u201ctotal, and very expensive, hoax.\
\u201cIf you take that tape as Donald as accurately describing his actions, then yeah, it is a pattern of assaultive behavior.\
Polls showed him losing must-win states even before many prominent Republicans withdrew support.
\Trump is only the natural result of a Republican culture that has viciously fought the women\u2019s agenda for years.\
Yo, you undecided voters! Do you hear what you are saying? Sure, you\u2019d be happier if your party had selected another nominee
One of the more perplexing riddles to those of us who spend far too much time pondering over politics is why some scandals
Donald Trump likes to be hailed as the Donald, but the only thing definite about him, besides his hatred, pathological lying
I have spent more than 35 years coaching and advising leaders around the world. Here are some of the things I have learned
Sure what Trump said to Billy Bush on the hot mic was reprehensible but no more so than the vast majority of what he\u2019s spewed
I\u2019ve been reading the book Everyday Sexism by Laura Bates and I have to admit when I started the book I struggled to get
I have to explain to my children the difference between Native Americans and Indians simply because one man got lost one time.
You will never live down what you've done.
I don\u2019t even need to provide a link, do I? You have already heard about Trump\u2019s crude-as-hell-brag to Billy Bush about\u2014well
Compared to the risks of a Trump presidency, of course, making sure that Clinton appoints progressives to the key economic posts is a nice problem to have. But it is something to watch carefully.
She says the now-infamous recording doesn't reflect the man she knows.
If the plan to make him stick to his script succeeds and he becomes president, then what?
Too bad it's too late to take him off the ballot.
\u201cNo woman should ever be described in these terms or talked about in this manner.\
As president, the proud groper could shape policies that directly affect survivors.
Well said, Joe.
Races that were once tilting toward Republicans could suddenly swing in the direction of the Democrats.
The guy who has campaigned with Trump for months can't offer a clean break from his toxicity.
Someone needs to explain \campaign surrogacy\ to the former brain surgeon.
\I do not condone his remarks and cannot defend them.\
The hot mic moment is just the latest controversy. And Republicans now own it.
It's too late for embattled Republicans to separate from the sexual predator on top of their ticket.
After Ailes was ousted from Fox News over sexual harassment allegations, he quickly found a home with the Trump campaign.
The GOP nominee keeps trying to blame his opponent for her husband's actions -- but not take responsibility for his own.
That's troubling.
The GOP nominee is reportedly planning on bringing up Bill Clinton's infidelities at the second debate.
\I\u2019m not quitting this race. I have tremendous support.\u201d
The GOP nominee is wounded and limping into Sunday\u2019s debate. In this historically red area, some Republicans are concerned.
The Democratic nominee supported fiscal austerity and unfettered trade in remarks to bankers.
\This man is totally incompetent to be president. He\u2019s better on TV than I am.\
\u201cUnder no circumstances will I support Donald Trump for president.\
It's a sign that other senators in tight races might do the same.
The Saudi-led coalition that the president is supporting killed hundreds more on Saturday.
Trump is only 5 points from becoming the biggest loser in presidential history. Let's help him get there.
Is the GOP presidential nominee a sex criminal?
Then he went after the Clintons.
\The time has come for Governor Pence to lead the ticket,\ the former Utah governor said.
That Trump endorsement thing is working out great!
This actually happened.
What will it take?
The GOP nominee can't decide whether the past is fair game.
The customer's always right.
Trump\u2019s supporters are a steadfast bunch. But I think this time really will be different.
Honestly, what the f*ck is wrong with him?
The list is expanding to sitting senators, members of Congress and governors.
They couldn't have seen it coming, the poor things.
He's (finally) had enough.
\u201cI wanted to do my job, he wanted to talk about my body,\u201d the reporter recalls.
His history of misogyny is a matter of public record.
Barron Trump was born a few months after the incident.
Ralph Reed and Tony Perkins say they don't care about Trump's latest controversy.
\Trump took Tic Tacs,\ the woman told Burnett. \Then leaned in ... catching me off guard and kissed me.\
The House speaker was booed Saturday for distancing himself from the GOP nominee.
\Don\u2019t tell me you\u2019re offended when I say 'pussy,' but you\u2019re not offended when Donald Trump says it!\
These comments came just months after he talked about groping women.
He even objectifies Ivanka.
The latest news cycle probably won't help.
\u201cPeople should listen to their local officials.\u201d
\u201cThe thought of Donald Trump with nuclear weapons scares me to death.\
Whoever wins is \going to stink\ at the White House Correspondents' Dinner, he says.
It's not exactly clear what he's doing. But $$$ might be a problem.
Hundreds of thousands are already without power.
Trump \speaks from the heart,\ his former campaign manager said.
A shadow editing assist for CNN, which is confused.
They may not have embraced Hillary Clinton, but they loathe Trump.
A poll finds that the enthusiasm gap between Republicans and Democrats has completely closed.
The Trump defense has some shortcomings.
She said the most important part of her job was how much it mattered to her.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0 The Washington
Can you guess whom he voted for?
\There is, quite simply, no other issue this important, and letting it slide would be almost criminally irresponsible.\
Clinton critics have long called for her to reveal what she said.
The men were exonerated on DNA evidence years ago.
Another reason he thinks the election is rigged against him.
If he wanted to lower expectations for Sunday, he succeeded.
\Everybody's had a lot of time to register.\
The surrender comes days after an appeals court chastised Indiana Gov. Mike Pence over a similar policy.
By Jonathan Landay and Mark Hosenball WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government on Friday formally accused Russia of a campaign
The journalists had been promised they could cover the nominee's departure from a Toledo restaurant.
Come on, man.
\Now, let me ask you
\u201cIt\u2019s just stopping businesses from growing.\u201d
The former New York City mayor is one of Donald Trump's most prominent surrogates.
Millions are evacuating inland in the Southeast.
The 'Sunshine State' is facing winds of 140 mph.
A record number of Floridians have reportedly already requested ballots.
She took it back, but the comment is going to haunt her until Election Day.
The news outlet's executives plan to try to persuade employees not to unionize.
Now the company behind the emergency allergic reaction treatment is under additional scrutiny.
He said that the law has problems, but Republicans\u2019 push to repeal it isn\u2019t the way to fix them.
Millions of animals would be spared from suffering. \ud83d\udc37 \ud83d\udc14 \ud83d\udc2e
The GOP nominee has a \Yucca Mountain moment.\
\u201cWe can be part of the solution if we collectively work together.\u201d
Most voters say they think she's healthy enough for the White House.
It's one way he turns out to be an utterly conventional Republican.
He condemns the GOP nominee all the time. But he's still voting for him.
It's not really the court's job to intervene in this political fight.
Because kids need public education that works.
Donald Trump\u2019s comments about immigrants could soon come back to haunt him.
How the high court defines the crime could have a big effect on white-collar prosecutions.
Well, that's one way to end your closing remarks.
\u201cHis look, his scowling, his staring down then muttering his response, he was perfect.\u201d
The VP nominee refused to criticize or defend Trump's proposed ban.
Sorry, Donald Trump.
The guy is too toxic for many ex-public officials.
Yet another embarrassing Aleppo moment for the Libertarian presidential nominee.
He escaped a brutal civil war and came 6,000 miles to join the U.S. Army.
Best to lean into your \Aleppo moments.\
The Wisconsin governor had sued the Obama administration for permission to drug test people on food stamps.
\u201cI\u2019m nervous! I\u2019m nervous!\
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0\u00a0 A very unfair
\Behind all those words, there was only one reason \u2014 those little kids.\
Some of these Nader voters now work for the Democratic Party -- and deeply regret their 2000 vote.
Guns brought by followers helped spread the anti-government message, he testified.
He\u2019s receiving the highest marks of his second term.
The two spent most of their time going after Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump.
C'mon. You know you weren't paying attention to them before the debate either.
\If the RNC would sell a PENCE 2016 sticker with Trump crossed off of it, I could buy it.\
Richard Burr promised so very much when he first ran. From term limits to deficit reduction, none of it worked out.
\u201cEnough of this seeking every opportunity to demean law enforcement probably by making accusation of implicit bias every time tragedy occurs,\u201d he said.
It probably won\u2019t make a difference in the race.
The GOP nominee paid nothing, \tremendous\ amounts or something in between.
Running mate Mike Pence lets everyone know not to worry about what Trump actually says.
Free trade!
\ud83d\ude14
Fewer than one-fifth of people polled say they know who their local paper is backing.
Trump claims the move was smart. \u201cI guess that makes the rest of us stupid,\u201d Kaine said.
But they still insist he pays a \tremendous amount\ in taxes.
Pence prefers not to discuss his past support for privatizing Social Security.
They're also just happy the debate is happening in their town.
The Republican nominee hates to feel upstaged.
After the veep debate, Republicans are claiming their ticket is the composed one.
There was quite a bit of crosstalk.
The GOP vice presidential nominee preferred to ignore Donald Trump's controversial remarks.
The two vice presidential candidates have pushed for similar criminal justice policies at times.
\We\u2019re thinking of having him in the spin room with us.\
Harold Thomas Martin, 51, worked as a contractor for Booz Allen Hamilton.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0\u00a0 We have a lot
It's possible to vet refugees without banning them for their religion or nationality.
Batman was involved.
We knew they were coming...
The news site is part of a growing trend of organizing within digital media.
Elaine Quijano parroted flawed conventional wisdom.
Things got heated.
Some causes transcend partisan divides.
\u201cThey can walk out to the store -- doing their own thing, minding their business, doing quality-of-life things -- and get pulled over by the police.\u201d
Jacob Hall was dressed as Batman when he was laid to rest.
\u201cI am so proud to be running with another strong history-making woman, Hillary Clinton, to be president of the United States,\u201d Kaine said.
His religious freedom law caused a national backlash against the state of Indiana.
The former vice president has some experience with tough campaigns.
Mike Pence would have power in a Trump White House -- and he'd use it.
Yet, Pence has been praised for effectively pretending Trump doesn't exist.
Like everything else, Trump just slapped his name on it at the end.
The occupation's accused ringleader wept as he recounted what he said was government mistreatment of his family.
The GOP presidential nominee self-destructed as only he can.
(He also tried to convince everyone Hillary Clinton is the really offensive candidate in the race.)
The historic deal to address climate change will enter into force in 30 days.
Just forget about Trump's whole bromance with Vladimir Putin.
This is the guy who's supposed to prevent Trump from bringing back waterboarding.
The White House and State Department said the settlement \deep in the West Bank\ could undermine peace prospects.
He lied about a refugee role in the Paris attacks and confused U.S. and European screening standards.
The comment that launched a thousand tweets.
That would be George W. Bush.
From his comments on PTSD to his foundation's fundraising suspension in New York.
\Really shocking isn\u2019t it? One of the nations\u2019 biggest banks bullying thousands of employees into committing fraud against unsuspecting customers,\ Clinton said.
He's only making it worse.
This one smells fishy.
The New York governor's office denies the claim.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0\u00a0 Tonight\u2019s vice
The reality star's robbery came up during oral arguments in a bank fraud case.
This guy must be really good.
\u201cI don\u2019t know that these comments preclude him running the country.\
C'mon.
A traditionally pro-Democratic voting bloc still needs some wooing.
\How can he be so out of touch and ask to lead this country?\u201d
And history suggests his chances for recovery\u00a0are bleak.
The amendment was slipped into a defense bill.
Mike Pence and Tim Kaine are even at the start line heading into Tuesday's VP debate.
Indiana Gov.\u00a0Mike Pence (R) and Sen.\u00a0Tim Kaine (D-Va.) face off Tuesday in the first and only vice presidential debate of
Trump's donations are part of what one expert called \u201csecretly buying influence.\
\Boring\ isn't the same as \unimportant.\
The president called out members of Congress \u201cwho scoff at climate change at the same time as they are saluting and wearing flag pins and extolling their patriotism.\u201d
\u201cI have no choice to get the truth to the jury but to get on the stand,\ Bundy said.
He praised Indiana Gov. Mike Pence's record in ... Illinois.
Experts say it\u2019s a likely move for the next administration, but it hasn\u2019t been discussed much on the campaign trail.
The former president fumbled a sales pitch for Hillary Clinton's health care agenda.
Trump inherited a massive fortune and has underperformed both the economy as a whole and the real estate market.
Tim Kaine is not angry that we spent two hours looking for Tim Kaine dad jokes today ... just disappointed.
Farmville and hundreds of other small towns and rural counties that dot America\u2019s midsection could prove crucial in the close Nov. 8 presidential race.
She currently has more than an 80 percent chance of winning the presidency.
This bill could damage strategic relationship the US has with its closest allies.
Once sacred cows, wealthy nonprofit institutions like Yale and Harvard increasingly called to pay taxes. By Elaine S. Povich
Trump, Clinton, Bush, Rubio
The Republican nominee has provided a fair amount of fodder.
The rest of America has far more faith in the process.
The basketball star is from the critical swing state of Ohio.
The newspaper of record \should be held accountable,\ he says.
The case could've allowed the justices to define the limits of police use of force around tasers.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0\u00a0 \u00a0 Donald Trump
Always check your tweets before you send them.
A coalition of civil rights organizations say DOJ has to put pressure on law enforcement agencies to proactively report deaths.
Pennsylvania's local governments suffered huge losses because of risky swap deals, but Toomey pushed to let banks keep giving them bad advice.
The statement follows a bombshell report that Trump could have not paid federal income taxes for 18 years.
The debate and the tax return report were not kind to the GOP nominee.
Stop. Just stop.
The Republican nominee is refusing to disclose basic fundraising details that Clinton does and past GOP nominees did as a routine matter.
A GOP ad attacked Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine for previous work as a defense lawyer.
We\u2019re biased toward reliable data.
He's a birther who says vaccines cause autism.
This means a lower court ruling against the president still stands, and his plan remains in limbo.
HuffPost\u2019s forecast model gives her about an 84 percent chance of winning.
They could be the next Steve King or Louie Gohmert or Michele Bachmann.
The civil rights icon encouraged young leaders at a White House gathering to fight for social change and \get in trouble, good trouble.\
Here are the technical details of HuffPost\u2019s 2016 presidential prediction model.
\u201cLook at his point of view on issues like the environment, on climate change, on the economy.\
The National Education Association says Donald Trump's anti-immigrant stance is emboldening schoolyard bullies.
\If this is where he is going I cannot follow him,\ he wrote in a Twitter barrage.
With the court's move, both student athletes and the NCAA lost a bid in this fight.
Could someone check on him?
Veterans are torching the GOP nominee for implying they're not \strong\ if they struggle with trauma.
It's possible Trump violated the U.S. embargo against doing business with Iranian entities.
A global activist group wants to help boost voter turnout, especially among U.S. citizens who live in Mexico and can't stand Donald Trump.
The ruling was joined by Diane Sykes, one of the judges on Donald Trump's short list for the Supreme Court.
Tasteless.
For someone who plans to make America great again, he sure hates a lot of what makes America great.
C'mon.
Newtok, Alaska\u2019s tiny village school could be the country\u2019s first forced to close by climate change.
Juan Manuel Santos harvested a resounding failure.
Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com Since 9/11, untold sums of money have gone into building up the national security state
Can we all agree that Vladimir Putin is no friend of the West? That much should be obvious after his encroachments into Ukraine
\It's outrageous.\
She's been way ahead before -- and seen her lead evaporate.
It doesn't pay, apparently, to be transparent.
\u201cI don\u2019t even think she\u2019s loyal to Bill, to tell you the truth.\
Everybody cheats, the former mayor says.
Jacob Hall's mother said it's a fitting send-off for a boy who \wanted to save everybody.\
Remember all those radio interviews he gave about his sex life?
Nothing to see here. Move along.
Clinton expressed sympathy for Sanders supporters in hacked audio from earlier this year.
Who does this?
It sure sounds like a tacit admission.
The Trump camp is not denying it.
Our society continues to be plagued by the legacy of slavery. What Donald Trump has prescribed will only exacerbate the tensions.
Electing Russia\u2019s candidate to the White House is a danger to the very integrity of American democracy.
Online snap polls are one of those things that journalists hate, media companies love, and the public is largely unaware of.
Last week a UN-NGO decided to pick up the historical torch of diplomatic freedom fighters by appealing to the world community
\u201cRelationships between the community and the police have been tense at times,\ one resident said.
Bankruptcy is also easy to utilize, if you're wealthy enough to find a good bankruptcy lawyer who can use the bankruptcy code repeatedly to shelter your fortune and avoid paying your debts. Trump has used bankruptcy to stiff his creditors at least four times.

The consensus is that Hillary Clinton won the first debate handily. Yet despite Donald Trump's bizarre behavior during and after the debate, the polls show only a modest bounce in Clinton's favor.
Residents of Flint, Michigan, still don't trust their water -- and they're tired of waiting for the fix that's needed.
Fingers crossed for another Lloyd Bentsen moment.
Progressives have legitimate concerns.
Hillary Clinton's campaign, by contrast, is really trying.
Republican senators are damaging an entire branch of government, and hiding behind a bogus statistic.
Proposing middle-class tax hikes made his general election chances \really, really, really low,\ she argued.
His brother paid tribute to the \strongest soldier.\
\It's 3:20am. As good a time as any to tweet about national service.\
The GOP nominee is truly going where no candidate has gone before.
Miss America 2016 Betty Cantrell will sing during a birthday concert for Carter.
Prosecutors thinking of bending the rules might think twice in the Golden State.
It's just one more sign that he's not just another politician, they say.
It was moments after the governor said she was a domestic violence survivor herself.
In 1997, First Lady Hillary Clinton went on a six country tour of Africa with Chelsea in tow. The tour included South Africa
The bill would have let more parents bond with new children without fear of losing their jobs.
My great-uncle was a prison guard at the Nuremberg Trials. He had entered the U.S. Army in the waning days of the Second
She also addressed the challenges that women in the United States still face.
We're detecting a pattern here.

Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has been a disgrace to his party and an embarrassment to the nation.  He has consistently demonstrated that he does not have the temperament, judgment, background or humility to lead our country.
What the Hyde Amendment has wrought is inexplicably bad public policy. It's a policy that targets low-income women, limits their health rights and their constitutional rights, and either drives them into poverty or makes it increasingly difficult for them to overcome poverty.
Donald Trump is a chump. \u00a0I'd call him a chimp, except it would be an insult to chimpanzees everywhere.
A commuter train crash in New Jersey killed one and injured 108 Thursday.
She leads among those who say they aren't planning to vote.
The vice president lets loose on the Republican nominee.
The law was inspired by the sexual assault case at Stanford University.
The justices get back to work next week, and there are already signs things are different.
Her response? \They're going to run out of mannequins\ before she caves on gun control.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0\u00a0 \u00a0 Turns out
It will be the most progressive wage equality law in the country.
Her strong debate performance may be paying off.
The extra inch Trump\u2019s doctor gave him this month happens to let him escape the \u201cobese\u201d label.
She did not hold back.
Members of both chambers of Congress now want to take a closer look at the DEA's plans to wage war on kratom.
Some nerve.
More white supremacists come out for the Republican presidential candidate.
\ud83d\udd25
I'm biased.
Clinton and Obama spoke in Israel at the funeral of former Israeli President Shimon Peres.
Resettlement agencies are struggling to cope in the rush to meet targets.
The GOP nominee often makes off-the-cuff remarks, but not in this case.
\u201cPerhaps there are people up interested in issues at 3 a.m.\
Birtherism isn't just for Barack Obama.
\The only things that keep your mind racing at night are your next racist, sexist tweets & disgusting lies.\
Think Donald Trump is bad?
A not-so-ringing endorsement from Libertarian vice presidential nominee Bill Weld.
Charles Wasko is being urged to resign, but he may seek reelection instead.
The Republican reminded people Congress has made it much easier for the next president to move massive pacts.
Criminal justice reform, despite support in both parties, likely won't be passing this year.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0\u00a0 \u201cYou have 40
That\u2019s probably good news for her overall polling numbers.
The GOP nominee\u2019s views on women haven\u2019t evolved much in 20 years.
Entrance money will be used in campaigns against Democratic candidates.
It's kind of out there.
\All those day offs and then she can\u2019t even make it to her car,\ he trolled.
Does the $30 billion startup, accused of covering up illegal hotels in New York, have something to hide?
He also claimed he barely knew the former Miss Universe.
\This is about more than the next election; it\u2019s about the world I want the daughter I\u2019ll have someday to grow up in.\
House Speaker Paul Ryan said Congress might have to \u201cfix\u201d the legislation to protect U.S. service members in particular.
Matt Furie wishes the Anti-Defamation League hadn't listed the cartoon as a hate symbol.
A new rule released Thursday will assure that workers under federal contracts can get a week of paid sick leave each year.
Wow.
The GOP nominee has soured on moderator Lester Holt, whom he praised right after the debate.
The teenage shooter killed his father before showing up at the elementary school.
The magazine takes aim at the Republican presidential nominee's treatment of a former Miss Universe.
\We\u2019re treated as second-class citizens.\
The country's been imposing strict austerity measures on Greece. Now, its largest bank needs help.
The notion that he deserves special recognition for addressing Clinton by her title is pretty laughable.
Donald Verrilli, who helped save Obamacare twice, is returning to private practice.
The animal welfare movement is pivoting to its biggest challenge yet.
Who else to put on a show?
The site suspended the accounts of several prominent journalists without explanation last weekend.
The Libertarian presidential nominee said he was having an \Aleppo moment.\
And they won't just be from Syria.
She had implied the drug could have toxic effects when mixed with other drugs.
The legislation would have allowed Veterans Administration doctors to recommend medical cannabis to their patients.
That's what the publisher of a new edition of the F\u00fchrer's speeches did.
They've used Tasers in at least 84 other incidents since 2011.
\u201cWe fight sometimes so that people can do things that we disagree with, but that\u2019s what freedom means in this country.\
\u201cI could\u2019ve attacked back, or I could\u2019ve let it pass. And I chose to go the first one,\u201d Trump said in 2007.
The Slants insist their name is protected by the Constitution. But the government thinks otherwise.
The state police superintendent had previously called the footage \u201cthe most disturbing thing\u201d he\u2019d seen.
\u201cThat is embarrassing,\u201d one voter said. \u201cI have a daughter. I have a son who\u2019d never speak like that.\u201d
A helpful primer for the GOP nominee, and anyone else who might be confused.
But how long will it last?
You can't be prosecuted for uploading a selfie while you cast your vote.
The GOP presidential nominee is mostly on the teleprompter. Mostly.
Authorities are pointing the finger at a project funded by liberals.
The president said Trump's comments about women show the GOP nominee is unfit for the White House.
Congratulations to Donald Trump\u2019s new campaign manager, a Spider-Man PEZ dispenser.\u00a0 CONGRESS OVERRIDES OBAMA\u2019S SAUDI 9/11
A bipartisan deal boosts a stopgap federal spending bill and money for the Michigan city's water crisis.
It's amazing how quickly Congress can accomplish things when lawmakers want to get back to campaigning.
The devices can't help bring transparency and accountability if they're not turned on.
Did they miss Don King, peddling spin on Trump's behalf?
FBI Director James Comey told them it's \not a close call,\ but they did not relent.
A state senator called the decision a \u201cblatantly political effort to quell participation in Illinois elections.\u201d
Those who seek out fact-checks are usually more knowledgeable about politics to begin with.
He also said not voting was supporting the GOP nominee.
The loss was largely attributed to New York\u2019s softening real estate market.
Yes, that Michael Moore.
His supporters will be thrilled, though.
Roy Moore, a socially conservative populist, faces removal from the state Supreme Court for the second time.
Donald Trump was viewed as ill-prepared.
This is a first for the 44th president.
Democrats and Republicans force a law into effect that enables 9/11 families to sue Saudi Arabia.
The bill would open up U.S. officials to foreign lawsuits, the president says.
But Senate Republicans are likely to block his nomination.
Newspaper also says he should \seek help.\
\A president can't just pop off or lash out irrationally.\
At least eight people have died at Hampton Roads Regional Jail in the past 17 months.
Fifty-five percent of adolescent Muslim students in California say they've been targeted for their faith.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!\u00a0 Headline writers
Russians are suspected to be behind the hacking attempts.
That just would have been rude, say the GOP nominee and his surrogates.
America \really thinks it's disgraceful,\ he said.
\u201cHaving a small business owner for a dad may not get you multi-million-dollar bailouts, but it does teach you the value of hard, honest work.\u201d
Standing up for your rights is as American as apple pie.
This explains a lot.
The third-party candidates were not impressed by the first presidential debate.
Howard Fineman called Trump's debate performance \the worst ever.\
His own financial history points to some flaws in his proposed tax policy.
This isn't the first time he's used the election to plug his brand.
He sensed a soft spot and went for blood.
Congressional Black Caucus members want young voters to learn more about Hillary Clinton.
An out-of-touch plutocrat who doesn't pay taxes.
\I don't want to believe in conspiracy theories, of course.\
At a viewing party in Virginia, even his supporters thought the night ended in a tie.
\I just didn\u2019t want to say what I was going to say.\u201d
If the question is which side will cave, the answer could be both.
The Declaration of Independence FTW.
We hope some of these issues will come up next time.
Another glass ceiling
Just a reminder
First, Trump went after the Khan family. Now he's maligning Alicia Machado.
Hillary Clinton spoke forcefully, so she's obviously unhinged.
There were $29 appetizers, an impossible all-you-can-drink special and a surreal atmosphere befitting a surreal election.
Preliminary numbers put her ahead, but it's less clear what effect, if any, that will have on the campaign.
The suit names Glenn Beck and Ben Shapiro, among others.
He also says she's helping ISIS.
His sham \university\ cost customers thousands of dollars.
Donald Trump can behave himself for approximately one (1) speech.
Sometimes, it helps to do your homework
There's a lot to break down.
This was one of many absurd things he said during the first presidential debate.
Industry groups and 27 states claim the administration's Clean Power Plan is illegal.
Trump thinks the Fed is holding interest rates down to help Democrats.
Trump has accused Clinton of not having enough stamina.
Weird.
She offered fresh denials and explanations about the Republican nominee's science-denying tweets.
GIFs for Hillary.
Others avoided answering questions about it, particularly their nominee's fat-shaming of a Miss Universe.
Do you need a tissue, Donald?
But the issue is a big concern in key swing states.
But not the kind he meant.
Trump said the Fox News personality can vouch for him.
Neither candidate said what he or she plans to do with the Supreme Court.
They'll pass flood aid for the South, while stiffing African-Americans in Flint.
Yet Donald Trump just couldn't stop questioning her stamina.
Viewers were subjected to at least 28 falsehoods in 90 minutes from 2 candidates.
How do you deny saying what you clearly said?
He's offering a tax cut to the rich. She'd help families that need assistance
In his biggest test since adopting his teleprompter, Donald Trump reminds everyone why his staff insisted he use one.
It's asking travelers not to stay at his hotels or play golf at his courses.
The policy has also been ruled unconstitutional.
Call it like it is.
The King passed away at the age of 87.
The tension and stakes of the contest, could not be any higher.
The goal
Voters expect Hillary Clinton to prevail, but not by an overwhelming margin.
The Bush family and many connected to it remain cool to the Republican nominee.
This should end well, believe me.
National polls and surveys in key states show Donald Trump edging closer to Hillary Clinton.
The debate begins at 9 p.m. ET.
In his eyes, it would shame Clinton for her husband's infidelity.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Donald Trump is
But it's unclear who's behind them.
No doubt Trump will boast that his win was HUGE.
No script. No teleprompter. No coaching.
When everyone in a crowd snaps a selfie at the same time, it can look pretty weird.
But the focus will more likely be on the statistical jump since 2014.
But people connected to the school say it is a LGBT-inclusive environment.
Some of history's most iconic moments are now immortalized in GIFs, courtesy of the National Archives.
Hoo boy.
Good Samaritans don't have to fear prosecution for breaking into vehicles.
This is gonna be yuge.
Because one list wasn't enough.
Members of Congress are urging the federal government to delay a decision to ban the herbal supplement kratom.
It\u2019s like we haven\u2019t learned a thing.
A bit of good news while the court limps along with only eight members.
Donald Trump lies as fast as he can speak. We're going to try to keep up.
Watch your step, Mr. Speaker. You might trip on that low bar over there.
But, you know, not with any specific evidence of inaccuracies.
The Libertarian candidate discussed the threat of climate change on Sunday.
Team Clinton feels differently.
While Israel calls Jerusalem its capital, few other countries accept that, including the United States.
Does Kellyanne Conway even follow Trump on Twitter?
An apology to the Gold Star family he insulted might have made this more sincere.
That\u2019s the deeper \u2013 and disturbing -- question in the presidential debate.
Note to Russia.
I'd encourage voting Americans to carefully consider whether quick sound bites filled with hate and blame are the answers that will make America great again.
I used to love November, it held the promise of glorious things that were just around the corner
Mr. Obama must designate marine monuments in continental shelf waters.
Secret Service payments to fly on his luxury 757 made up nearly 80 percent of the flight costs this summer.
The community wants the officers' names and all arrested protesters to be released.
These inmates have a message for Hillary, Donald and the rest of America.
Electing a president whom Colin Powell calls \an international pariah\ might please those who like nothing better than \sticking it\ to friends and enemies alike. Shall America model itself on Trump by being pathologically thin-skinned, stiffing our creditors, and evading responsibility? With such a leader, who needs enemies?
Were a candidate to, hypothetically, deviate from the code of honor, infrared light beam communicators would also do the trick.


The paper made a positive case for her candidacy, rather than focus on Donald Trump's flaws.
Protests over a police killing have increased demand for law enforcement in the city.
Clinton's handling of classified information while Secretary of State has been severely criticized.
Bryan Pagliano said he relayed the concerns to Clinton\u2019s chief of staff.
\Perhaps it can help a white visitor understand the pain and anger of demonstrators in places like Tulsa and Charlotte.\
Zephyr Teachout is New York's new New Dealer.
Shameless.
Lower court rulings remain in force ordering Texas not to turn away voters who lack ID.
Who \wins\ often depends on who outperformed expectations.
A Leader, Not Just A Woman Hillary Clinton is the smarter choice. We are not electing a dictator or king, we are electing
The Republican nominee is very unpopular in states Democrats are targeting.
The outcry against this latest repression is unlikely to deter the Turkish president.
This is too good.
The past isn't even past.
Lemon problem arises when information received is either false or not quite authentic (rumor), however suppliers, as opposed to consumers, may know how false or truthful the information is.
Tony Robbins tells a story of getting driving lessons for racing cars. He talks about how scary it can be to take a turn at a high speed and that when the race car gets out of control, the natural tendency of the driver is to focus on the wall that is coming to them, which would result in a crash.
We are witnessing the most dysfunctional campaign for the presidency in our lifetime.  Does anyone really believe that despite the promises by all candidates that they will solve our problems that the real solutions to our nation's problems will actually result?  Unlikely.
When one group of Americans is brutalized, there is no \justice for all.\ Every American is at risk. But last straw came when the Fraternal Order of Police chose to endorse Donald Trump for President.
For over a century Christians of the Middle East have either been exploited by groups in the West, when it served Western interest to do so, or callously ignored. I care about them too much to see them being used again.
My friend Hillary has been working to make healthcare better and more widely available for decades and the country is gradually seeing the results.
It doesn't make much difference what Trump or Clinton have to say about each other and policy issues. It won't change the fact that presidential debates make good theater but not much more.
The audience, when the debate actually happens, will be huge. Tremendous, in fact. Some (we won't say who) are even predicting it could be a bigger television event worldwide than the 1969 moon landing.

This writer has the utmost respect and appreciation for law enforcement officers and the work they do. It is selfless, thankless and dangerous work, and the criminals they face do not subscribe to such niceties as following the law.
Most of the public doesn't trust either Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump to make the country safer.
As a curfew is put into place in the city.
The police chief said it would not be made public anytime soon.
Big backers include Ben Affleck, George Lucas, Marissa Mayer and Sheryl Sandberg.
Sunday is Gold Star Mother's and Family's Day.
Addressing some of our nation's most pressing food issues isn't about establishing a nanny state.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Ted Cruz threw
Trump has insulted Cruz's wife and repeatedly said Cruz's father helped kill JFK.
She's been facing bullies her whole damn career.
Listen up, Trump.
A majority, though, don't think his supporters are any worse than the rest of the public.
\Maybe it is time to go to the mountains for a while,\ he wrote.
Every Voice is backing a presidential candidate for the first time.
Take a trip down memory lane.
To move beyond the past, she needs to make bold, accountable commitments for the future.
\Controlling women\u2019s reproductive processes has been something that men have done for years.\
Rep. Robert Pittenger said those protesting police violence are angry because \white people are successful and they\u2019re not.\
\You really wonder about this man's level of knowledge.\
It's an issue of construction jobs  vs. the environment.
Donald Trump received major financial help from his own father.
Martin Gottesfeld has two demands.
It's an interesting twist on the classic attack ad.
\But this is not a traditional race, and these are not traditional times.\
His aides have discovered a painful truth
Brave.
The 43-year-old father was killed by police on Tuesday in an incident that was captured on camera.
This is the worst game.
Manning allegedly tried to take her life after the Army denied her appropriate healthcare.
But he would not say if he prefers Hillary Clinton.
That's what July's attempted coup felt like, Emine Erdogan told an audience in New York.
Some call it a historic step, others say it's not enough.
But in a first, Congress will overrule him.
Trump dragged some cases out for years.
\Did y'all call the police?\ Keith Scott's widow asked officers as her husband lay dying.
Among the new names is Sen. Mike Lee, who quickly said thanks, but no thanks.
A man was shot by a civilian last night and four police officers suffered non-life threatening injuries amidst the protests Wednesday.
Slow clap for this incredible feat of tax reform.
The race is effectively tied in North Carolina and Ohio.
\u201cWe\u2019re aware of those media reports, and it is something we\u2019re looking into,\u201d U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said at a news conference.
\I curse more than I should, and I find myself cursing more in this office than I had in my previous life.\u201d
Bill would allow poll watchers from outside the district.
\It's obvious he\u2019s been ethically compromised in most everything he\u2019s ever done.\
He's already at three, and it's only been 24 hours.
Tracey Winbush once tweeted a disparaging remark about Islam.
Some were livid when told their email address, cell phone numbers are now public.
Then held HIM in contempt.
But first you have to convince him it\u2019ll make money.
The GOP vice presidential candidate called for people to move away \from the rhetoric of division and embrace the rhetoric of unity.\
A Trump staffer resigned over historically insensitive comments about African-Americans, further convincing us Trump will
Republicans and Democrats are getting close to a shutdown as negotiations over a bill to keep the government funded take a step backward.
\The guy\u2019s narcissism makes him so dangerous.\
Seriously, this guy's budget is a joke.
The Department of Homeland Security is reviewing whether it should stop relying on for-profit companies to run detention centers.
Clinton
Gingrich encouraged the nominee to go after federal job protections and instigate \the absolute showdown.\
Probably why. Likely why. He didn't answer our questions either.
Let Hillary be Hillary.
\He reacted like most people do when attacked by an unknown object,\ said an aide to the former NBA star.
Kathy Miller explains her remarks in an interview with The Huffington Post.
\u201cCan you please go get him and bring him to our home? We\u2019ll be waiting for you guys with flags, flowers and balloons.\u201d
\Should any of this warrant a death sentence?\ Rep. Barbara Lee asked.
\He never lets me have my moment.\
Doesn't the Second Amendment apply equally to African-Americans?
In a time of anti-Muslim hate crimes and political speech, Hassan Shibly thinks Muslims should embrace their Second Amendment rights.
They've been ruled unconstitutional and racially discriminatory -- and Donald Trump is all for them.
It's all about the fine print.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening A poll finds the
11.1 million.
Seriously?
A public defender was asked to leave a courtroom for wearing a Black Lives Matter button.
He won't stop bugging Trump to release his tax returns.
Pretty darn white.
Ahmad Khan Rahami is receiving treatment at a Newark hospital, where he could formally face his charges if he cannot travel to the U.S. District Court in Manhattan.
Whoops!
Parts of Ahmad Khan Rahami\u2019s journal praise \u201cBrother\u201d Osama bin Laden, Anwar al-Awlaki and Nidal Hasan.
But a 2013 court decision restricted the Justice Department's authority to dispatch officials.
The \law and order\ candidate made the surprising comment in a predominantly black church.
Donald Trump reversing his position had some effect, but didn\u2019t change most beliefs.
We don\u2019t actually know how much error is in any given poll. It\u2019s time to spend more time talking about that.
\u201cAmerica needs Donald Trump. We need Donald Trump, especially black people.\
The sale had become a flashpoint in the debate over the decades-long alliance between the Kingdom and the U.S.
\u201cThey raised the prices ... to get filthy rich at the expense of our constituents,\u201d Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) said.
Republicans either don't know about the latest Trump Foundation news, or they don't care.
A billionaire is actually facing insider trading charges.
They say school-based police do much more harm than good.
The ambitious goal is to knock on 5.3 million more doors.
The corrections officers allegedly beat an inmate and ripped out his dreadlocks as a keepsake in 2013.
An appeals court basically told the kids, \Good luck!\
The state said it would ask the Supreme Court to review its voter ID law.
Frank Amedia's prayers saved a Hawaiian island, apparently.
The public opposition of House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D-Md.) is the latest sign the president's landmark trade deal is doomed.
Commissioner admits there is nothing to stop someone under audit from releasing returns, such as Donald Trump.
The Fed chair took down the GOP nominee without once saying his name.
August was another good fundraising month for the Democratic candidate.
But he won't work as a lobbyist, only as a \strategic advisor.\
Ahmad Khan Rahami is in custody.
The casino billionaire put his chips on the table.
The measure would fund the government and efforts to combat Zika.
This is what a post-Citizens United world looks like.
\There was nothing improper.\
\I\u2019ll fight hard to make sure that Wall Street is working for Main Street \u2013 not the other way around.\
Not a lot of thought went into this.
Because we\u2019re entering into the final, far more serious, weeks of the campaign, we\u2019ve moved on from frog-meme-centric news
A tightening general election has put anti-Trump Republicans in an awkward position.
Add-on provision could let truckers work more than 80 hours a week.
If Trump were a normal candidate, he'd be facing harsh penalties.
John Stumpf admitted no senior bank executives have been held accountable in the scam.
GOP senators want to know why Elizabeth Warren's consumer watchdog didn't go after Wells Fargo earlier.
\u201cThe big insurance lobby is spooked because the public option is back,\u201d said one advocate for a government-run insurance plan.
Nevada, Michigan, Wisconsin, Georgia and Ohio also joined the suit.
The GOP and Democratic nominees now have about the same amount of support within their respective parties.
Both the pilots had ejected from the aircraft, which crashed in an unpopulated area of Sutter County.
The daughter of Robert Kennedy wrote, \The President told me he\u2019s voting for Hillary!!\u201d
The Republican nominee now admits that President Obama was born in the U.S., but many Republicans still aren't so sure.
Trump used the New York bombing that authorities blame on a naturalized citizen to go after refugees.
Since the flags were spotted in Kurd-controlled territory last week, Turks and Kurds have squabbled about their origins.
Plot twist.
Of course.
They look like best buds.
When offices set up to assist people with disabilities become obstacles.
The presidential candidates offer conflicting medical advice.
This is laughably false.
He grossly exaggerated the risk that a Syrian refugee could be a terrorist.
The Peach State is turning purple.
\We can choose to press forward with a better model of integration, or we can retreat into a world sharply divided and in conflict,\ he said.
Suspects are in custody in connection with the Chelsea bombing.
It's not clear how the weekend's events might affect future polling.
Ahmad Rahami's family filed a federal lawsuit alleging police and neighbors targeted them for their religion and national origin.
Even reporters correcting him didn't stop it.
Emails leaked to The Guardian show who's really driving the idea that elections are being rigged.
Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every eveningQ\u00a0 Terrorists still
Republicans have blocked bipartisan bills to bar people on terrorism watch lists from buying guns and explosives.
OK, then.
Trump backed off his promise to support the future nominee in March.
The perennial swing state once again looks like a battleground.
\u201cWarnings of a coming crime wave may be provocative, but they are not supported by the evidence.\u201d
Ahmad Rahami is an American citizen.
It\u2019s a state he must win if he wants to be president, but his turnout operation there is far behind.
\I should be a newscaster,\ he boasts.
The original generation of Cuban exiles from the 1960s are rock solid behind Trump, unlike their children and grandchildren.
\When has he spoken about compassion?\ the former Mexican president said. \When has he spoken about the poor?\
\We shouldn\u2019t allow ourselves to be under siege and change the way we lead our lives.\
Researchers are asking whether Donald Trump's hateful rhetoric has anything to do with it.
What that tough thing is, no one knows.
Suspected attacker Ahmad Khan Rahami is already in custody.
A former Christie ally will testify that he told the governor about the lane closures at the time.
The North Carolina governor blames critics of the anti-LGBT law for keeping it in place. Really?
Oh hey, snowflake. I\u2019m sorry, was that too combative? I don\u2019t mean to come off combative, I just wanted to get your attention
But apparently it's still Clinton who is spreading birther claims.
\u201cHe acts like terrorism is something like the weather. It just happens,\ said Kellyanne Conway.
'You want to give me a good send-off? Go vote.'
There is no evidence that either Clinton or her campaign ever pushed that conspiracy theory, although some supporters did.
They pretended they were from the media.
It ain't the first time, the VP nominee adds.
The evidence says otherwise.
He's looking at you, Jeb Bush, Ted Cruz and John Kasich.
Kasich attributed the conspiracy theories to \growing division and anger\ across the country.
Cheney left office with a 13 percent approval rating.
If Trump is truly sorry for his words, he should pull out of the presidential race.
Donald Trump's reaction to the NYC bombing should trouble voters @huffpostblog
Don\u2019t be that person.
In the end, it simply made him look like a liar.
\u201cHe\u2019s everything I would not want to be, or emulate.\
For over five years, his running mate Donald Trump fueled racist conspiracies that Obama was not born in the U.S.
Well, she's the expert.




Just hours after his big admission, he doesn't mention it in must-win Florida.
No injuries were reported, but dozens of homes were evacuated as police searched the area.
The junior justice shed light on the dynamics of not having a ninth benchmate.
Fewer than a third think he's become more moderate since winning the nomination.
Watch for a Donald Trump statement echoing Moscow in 3, 2...
\I can look up to someone who\u2019s like me and not white.\u201d
Trickle-down economics is a cruel hoax. Trump\u2019s \u201cyuge\u201d trickle-down economics would be an even bigger bamboozle.
I\u2019m often bothered by those who keep repeating the claim that the reason why terrorists hate us and attack us is because
Donald Trump's father, Fred Trump, was arrested at a klan rally. The apples haven't fallen far.
\u201cHe has no clue about the difference between negotiating a business deal and negotiating with sovereign nations.\u201d
A reminder
There are not \u201ctwo evils.\u201d There is one. And his name is Donald Trump.
I have written extensively about \Trumpism\ and the anger, fear, and deep trauma of the group of voters who propelled Trump onto the national stage. But I assumed that the majority of the American electorate would ultimately reject him. I can still hope that they will. That this race is tied is both confusing and worrisome.
Last year, the 100th anniversary of playwright Arthur Miller's birth, saw a remarkable revival of five of his plays. \A View From the Bridge\ and \The Crucible\ opened on Broadway.

We are used to the banter of back and forth allegations of insanity in one's opponent. And God forbid, someone should be exposed as having been on psychotropic medication (how high is that percentage for the country in general?) or having seen or having the need for, a therapist, and all hell would break loose.


Trump said he planned to address President Obama\u2019s citizenship a day after he refused to say whether he believed Obama was born in the U.S.
Let's take a look at the evidence.
The Libertarian and Green Party nominees failed to meet the 15 percent polling average needed to debate.
\We cannot trust Donald Trump,\ she wrote, before joining his campaign.
\When will he stop this ugliness, this bigotry?\
Pushing through illness, she said, \is what women do every single day.\
His campaign continues to act like a marketing team for the businessman.
Breitbart ran a story about President Obama accompanied by a photo of a gorilla, so thank god that website will never hold
Don't believe him when he says he ended the controversy.
Even Democrats express more concern than they did a week ago.
Garrett has been struggling to overcome anti-LGBT comments he made last year.
Even if Donald Trump's not.
Uh, you think?
Honoring our nation's founding document as only he can.
Of course, he admits he didn\u2019t read the interview.
Until he utters the words, you shouldn't believe it.
Her 2008 presidential campaign didn't quite go there.
Hapless idiots can't figure out how to turn a camera off.
In a heated fight, the labor federation opposes Native American protesters.
\Let's see what happens to her.\
\u201cWhen I hear folks saying they don\u2019t feel inspired in this election, let me tell you, I disagree. I am inspired.\
His birther comments about President Barack Obama are \a dog whistle to all Americans, especially African-Americans.\
The self-described \law-and-order candidate\ gets official backing from law enforcement.
Most Trump voters were sticking with birtherism in a recent poll.
He simply won't shut down speculation that President Barack Obama wasn't born in the United States.
And just 10 percent of them have bothered to give to Donald Trump.
The senator had some rather pointed questions for the executive in the wake of his bank's scandal.
Hundreds are still dying in our nation's jails.
It was masterful, crazy and maddening all at once.
But allows his campaign to release a statement.
\Sisterhood is powerful.\
He also rips the man they love.
Lean away from this obsessive focus on the professional class, Hillary.
A provision to allow the Export-Import Bank to make loans above $10 million could provide lawmakers with some last-minute fireworks.
Hillary Clinton has made as a centerpiece of her economic plan a stimulus package focused on rebuilding the nation\u2019s infrastructure
The Clinton camp will not be happy with these numbers.
A federal judge ordered the state to read its artificial insemination rules in \gender-neutral terms.\
\I love America, but I want to support a brother who is shining light on injustice.\
The House doesn't have plans to take up the legislation before its pre-election break.
Voters in Nevada could elect all women in November, from the presidency down to state Assembly.
Even hedge fund managers qualify for a new perk.
The hottest of hot takes on the stupidest of ideas.
They're seeking to boost Hillary Clinton's advocacy for a government-run health insurance plan in Obamacare.
Gary Johnson wants to receive security briefings, which would be a great way to learn what Aleppo is. An FBI agent pretended
Tom Steyer spent more than $74 million in the 2014 midterm elections.
In case you weren't convinced.
While impersonating an Associated Press reporter, an operative failed to use AP style.
Last year, a group of doctors suggested Columbia should fire him.
Voters continue to be divided by race and education.
Americans largely believe that politicians' medical records should be publicly available.
\Do you think Hillary would be able to stand up here for an hour and do this? I don\u2019t know. I don\u2019t think so.\
Both states look increasingly like battlegrounds.
It's her strongest signal yet that she might not renominate Merrick Garland to the high court.
In the final stretch before the Nov. 8 election, Clinton was slated to attend a rally in North Carolina and speak at a dinner in Washington.
If the FBI is suddenly releasing information about investigations, Warren says, why not those investigations into the 2008 financial crisis?
\I don't know that he said those comments.\ \ud83e\udd14
He calls The Donald a \human leech\ who will bleed America dry and laugh about it.
They also question whether either major-party candidate is honest.
She was a \nervous mess\ when she introduced him, he said.
Congressional Republicans said Wednesday they have the authority to stop state-led investigations into ExxonMobil for climate fraud.
\u201cYou\u2019re fired.\u201d
The move aims to override Democratic Governor Jay Nixon\u2019s vetoes of the bills.
Just like on pretty much everything else.
Who could predict that people would really listen to him someday?
Every nominee in the past nine presidential elections, Democrat or Republican, has released them.
Ivanka Trump says her dad\u2019s plan is only meant to benefit \u201cthe mother who has given birth.\u201d
The hacker group that released the emails may have ties to Russian intelligence.
She warned of the \sobering possibility that Russia is employing the tactics it has used to influence elections in places like Ukraine and Georgia, this time in the United States.\u201d
The House bill specifically bars the president from moving any detainees, regardless of national security or constitutional concerns.
The congresswoman was the only \no\ vote on a sweeping 9/11 war authorization that's still in use.
The idea behind the \u201cdrug-free school zones\u201d was to deter dealers from peddling drugs to children at the height of the crack cocaine epidemic.
Let's make a deal!
In all but four states, private citizens can challenge someone\u2019s right to cast a ballot on or before Election Day. In most places, the burden of proof then falls on the voter.
It depends on which poll you look at.
Several races could go either way.
The site that obtained the emails has reported ties to Russian hackers.
\The more we give people the chance to see what it means to be an American Latino, the better off we are,\ Rep. Xavier Becerra (D-Calif.) said.
In 2014, Kellyanne Conway wondered when male politicians would receive the same scrutiny for their appearance as female candidates.
Because of course he did.
Appointed in the apex of the civil rights era, Damon Keith gave his own court a haunting reminder of a history he knows well.
\People need to know what state of agitation [Trump] puts people in.\
Things could really go downhill if the GOP nominee were able to implement his policies without restraint.
Powell also said the birther movement was \racist.\
He threw a \mini tantrum\ in the Hamptons to get the Clinton campaign's attention.
The Clinton Foundation will spin off its flagship health project into a \u201ccompletely independent\u201d charity if Hillary Clinton wins the presidency in November.
His visit is nothing more than a photo op, many believe.
The state wants to save money by locking up fewer nonviolent offenders. But state prosecutors don't agree.
Based on what he's said in the past, his decision should be clear.
The National Endowment for the Arts was established in 1965 to support art, creativity, and innovation around the nation.
His past comments prompted questions about whether she once worked in the U.S. illegally.
Whoops.
Her attorney says media reports about when and how she came to work in the U.S. are wrong.
\I invited you here to thank us for what we\u2019ve done in Flint, not to give a political speech.\
Speculation around Hillary Clinton\u2019s health continued, though no one is asking whether Donald Trump uses all that spray tan
The Trump Foundation uses money from other people to finance Trump's high-profile charity giving.
Sandford's intent with the gun grab was not revealed in the plea deal.
Dick Durbin explains why aiding Syrians \is principled and is necessary\ -- not to mention really safe.
The RNC quickly denied his claims.
\Inaction is not a viable option.\
Some Republicans aren't happy.
\She continues to remain healthy and fit to serve as President of the United States.\
Her doctor says she is in \excellent mental condition\ and is on the road to recovery from pneumonia.
This complicates the GOP nominee's new policy push.
New York lost jobs, as did many states during the Great Recession. But the losses weren't even the worst in the region.
The GOP nominee said he gets his exercise by waving his hands around while talking.
It\u2019s hard to turn over a heavy object like NATO to read its expiration date.
And Donald Trump has stayed surprisingly quiet on the issue.
Oh, and an agreement that would keep the government open.
Ohio Democrats wanted the court to reinstate a six-day period that allowed voters to register and vote at the same time.
And House Republicans seemed perfectly satisfied.
But mostly he just avoids the question.
She has released a full medical summary and plans to share more. Donald Trump has made one doctor's note public.
They argue he broke the law by giving money to a prosecutor who didn't deeply investigate Trump University.
Reid Hoffman turns the tables on the Republican presidential nominee.
If you kiss enough babies and do enough plane travel, you're going to get sick.
Republicans are trying to control Donald Trump\u2019s appearances and limit his interaction with the press \u2015 which is Washington
Activists want charters to be held to the same accountability standards as traditional public schools.
The donation to the Ohio Innocence Project is believed to be the largest donation to any program of its kind.
Is Hillary Clinton not allowed to say what journalists have been saying all this time?
Now his running mate, Donald Trump, is trying to sell one.
\u201cI don\u2019t see it as journalism,\u201d Kellyanne Conway said.
The Senate's top Democrat noted that Trump doesn't exactly live the healthiest lifestyle, but reporters are focused on Hillary Clinton.
\The bottom line is that we cannot afford suddenly to treat this like a reality show.\
He said her illness wouldn't keep Clinton away from the campaign trail much longer.
Modern medicine can remedy one of these ailments more thoroughly than the other.
Also poverty is down and more people have insurance. Maybe dial back that doom and gloom?
Not good news for Republicans hoping to maintain control of the Senate.
Obama's defense of the CIA sparked the vigorous response from the Senate Democratic leader.
The GOP finds the secret to selling Donald Trump
...Does that mean Hillary Clinton does, too?
He once allegedly called a female attorney \disgusting\ when she asked for a break to pump breast milk.
But not all are automatically opposed to it.
The food we eat matters for our economy, our health and our environment. Do Clinton or Trump agree?
The country's changing demographics have affected both parties, but in drastically different ways.
They don't exactly love them, either.
But his proposal may actually lead to increased discrimination against women.
Donald Trump slanders people right and left, but heaven forbid Pence insult an actual Klan leader.
A Trump rally attendee was caught on video taking swipes at several protesters.
\Can you imagine Ronald Reagan idolizing somebody like that?\
Obama sought to finalize a deal before he leaves office, while Republicans sought to have their say in the matter.
A new report on incomes offered lots to celebrate, but women had less reason to cheer.
The TV personality is essentially letting Trump curate his own episode.
The South is missing out and falling behind.
Conservatives are done waiting on GOP leadership to give them a vote.
It turns out a state law that discriminates against immigrants also discriminates against transgender people.
http://elections.huffingtonpost.com/2016/forecast/senate
\u201cIn those 90 minutes, we were putting a priority on making sure she was OK.\
\u201cIt kind of fits his personality that he finds a way to be on Pennsylvania Avenue, one way or another.\
After a health issue at an event Sunday.
With everyone speculating wildly about Hillary Clinton\u2019s health, we\u2019re surprised that Bill Frist hasn\u2019t weighed in yet. What\u2019s
\u201cYou know what\u2019s deplorable? Hillary Clinton viciously demonizing hardworking people like you.\
Now can I shake your hand?
One big question is how much voter enthusiasm will matter.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen should be \ashamed\ for keeping interest rates low, the real estate mogul argued.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton canceled a trip she was scheduled to take to California on Monday for fundraising and
\I hope she gets well soon. No satisfaction, believe me, whatsoever.\u201d
It wasn't just the attorney general he hoped to influence.
\u201cWe don\u2019t comment on policy. We don\u2019t give policy recommendations,\u201d John Brennan said.
The vice presidential candidate said he doesn't want the former KKK grand wizard's support -- but he doesn't want to call him names either.
So much for religious freedom...
Pence once denounced how journalists are treated in Russia. Now, apparently, he thinks Putin is \a stronger leader than Obama.\
The whistleblowing platform tweeted and subsequently deleted a poll asking users to speculate.
That's how much the disgraced Virginia governor owes his lawyers after a watershed Supreme Court win.
There\u2019s more going on than just Clinton vs. Trump.
Troll has another moment of infamy.
How does this happen if she's so smart and focused?
Donald Trump, who dodged the Vietnam War with academic and medical deferments, hired the equivalent of a rent-a-doc to write
But Trump is running a close race in Nevada and New Hampshire.
The words of lawmakers promise one thing, but the heroes of Sept. 11 see very different deeds.
Her doctor later said the nominee had pneumonia and became overheated at the event.
The former New York mayor claimed the United States would have been justified in confiscating Iraq's oil reserves.
Yes, I am proudly, obstinately and intolerantly devoted to my opinion.
Phyllis Schlafly, whom Donald Trump eulogized yesterday after her death at the age of 92, will go down as one of the most
President Barack Obama took part in a wreath-laying ceremony at the Pentagon.
Concerns about terrorism have risen over the past few years.
A former education reporter came up with the sing-a-long as as way to teach children about that day.
Schlafly was a \founding mother\ of the modern conservative movement and anti-feminist.
\When they built the World Trade Center, it became known as the second-tallest. And now it\u2019s the tallest.\
A 68-year-old woman with pneumonia still kept a schedule that most of us wouldn\u2019t make it through. That\u2019s not weak. That\u2019s actually tough as hell.
You can forget about bringing that baseball bat on board now.
The 15th anniversary drew at least 200 participants spilling onto the sidewalk to honor 12 of the 13 firefighters who were fatally trapped during their rescue operation at the South Tower of the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001.
Hillary Clinton recently dismissed the idea of getting tough on those of America's trading partners who run up huge surpluses against us on the grounds that it would lead to \trade war.\ But this is almost certainly not so.


The latest joke in our absurd presidential campaign is that Russian President Vladimir Putin sees Donald Trump as a strong leader.  This is causing belly-laughs in the Kremlin.
A great nation such as ours cannot function on perpetual high alert, nor will we become a frightened people. But eternal vigilance requires informed, serious and concerned citizens. We owe it to those who perished to do nothing less.
You may have heard these arguments before, but aren't they worth repeating? Especially in remembrance of the day that sparked us to action with generational consequences?
While conservatives argue such laws prevent fraud, critics say they disenfranchise voters.
Trump claims he is unable to  release his tax documents because of an audit.
Spotlighting the racism of his crowds shouldn't be controversial. But, as she found out, she has to choose the right words.
The Clinton campaign tried to clarify her remarks, after they drew sharp rebuke from the Trump campaign.
\I regret saying \u2018half\u2019 \u2015 that was wrong.\u201d
They're willing to turn the other cheek over his boasts about his sexual promiscuity, offensive remarks and attacks on a Gold Star family.
Michael Morell says the GOP nominee's praise for Vladimir Putin, \an adversary of the United States,\u201d rules him out.
There are worse names to call voters than \deplorables.\
The GOP nominee\u2019s Florida audience loved the tough talk against Iran.
Why did it take such pain and sadness to make us realize, at that dark time, that we are all one?
\u201cFour score and seven years ago.\u201d \u201cAsk not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country.\u201d \u201cI have
More than twenty-five years ago, in the victorious aftermath of the Cold War, the American political scientist Francis Fukuyama
Trump is running a nationalist campaign positioning himself as a strong leader, and he is certainly sowing discord.
People and their lack of savvy are not the problem.
If anything, she was perhaps too kind in her assessment of the ugly side of Trump\u2019s base.
Three of Trump's companies each contributed the maximum to Florida Attorney General Charlie Crist in his 2006 campaign for governor.
An Orthodox Jewish woman like Trump might be expected to know better.
Apparently, spray tans and non-truths play better than warpaint and ethics.
\u201cWe\u2019re at war,\u201d Bush told Vice President Dick Cheney.
\u201cThere\u2019s a lot of public, media stuff that says he\u2019s not.\
Insys Therapeutics has been accused of illegally marketing its oral spray of fentanyl.
The military commission system is uniquely bad at bringing alleged terrorists to justice.
\For most American Muslims, many of us categorize our lives as pre-9/11 and post-9/11.\





It's the country's fifth.
\It is likely none of the Republican electors were legally elected.\
Dustin Moskovitz has just become one of the biggest Democratic Party super PAC donors.
The Supreme Court struck down \u2018straight-ticket\u2019 voting, prompting a million pot-bellied party bosses of yesteryear to snuff
Former New York City mayor also incorrectly blamed Hillary Clinton for starting the conspiracy theory.
The Standing Rock Sioux claim the pipeline would violate culturally significant land and pollute drinking water.
A damning story of Trump pay-to-play resurfaces, but Clinton supporters still think the media is too harsh on her.
His responsibilities will include creating and implementing policy for best security practices across federal agencies and conducting periodic audits to test for weaknesses.
The state is extending its ambitious goals for slashing greenhouse gas emissions.
And did they even have a chance in the first place?
It's actually a bit more technical than an \average.\
New polls show a closer race in several battleground states.
County prosecutors have only recently acknowledged that a jailhouse informant program does indeed exist.
\u201cUntil I am shown dignity and respect as a human again, I shall endure this pain before me.\
The White House has hinted at a veto.
\They\u2019ll take a statement that you make, which is perfect, and they\u2019ll cut it up and chop it up.\
His new rule would block states from defunding the family planning provider for political reasons.
You've never seen such a cunning plot.
\Every day that goes by, this just becomes more and more of a reality television show.\
If the war on drugs is a failure, why are lawmakers sitting idly as the DEA launches a ban on kratom?
Fifteen years after the horrific terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, my thoughts\u00a0keep returning to a remarkable gathering
People vote with their emotions, not by reason and logic.
The United States has a strong foundation for allegations of rigging.
But seriously, she smiled more than Trump. We counted.
There's no evidence whatsoever to support the claim.
It's her first one in a while.
The Democratic nominee's appearance and voice have been highly scrutinized throughout her historic presidential campaign.
In final sprint, the GOP nominee spends some time with voters in a state he\u2019s certain to lose.
But there are considerable divides in news consumption by ideology.
\u201cWhat would Ronald Reagan say about a Republican nominee who attacks American generals and heaps praise on Russia\u2019s president?\u201d she asked.
Gary Johnson doesn\u2019t know what Aleppo is, whereas Donald Trump, of course, knows Aleppo. He will be the greatest Aleppo president
National security isn't really a laughing matter.
\Wake up, man!\ the vice president said, pleading for Republicans to drop poison pill riders from Zika funding.
Clinton has defended her use of private email in part by noting that Powell used it at the State Department as well.
Trump also said that Russia's Vladmir Putin was a better leader than Obama.
\u201cIt\u2019s a slow-moving issue that, on a day-to-day basis, people don\u2019t experience and don\u2019t see.\u201d
Kids who get pushed out of school before they even start kindergarten can encounter a whole host of problems.
Americans' belief that terrorists can launch another attack on U.S. soil hasn't been this high since 2002.
The labor federation insists the \union workers love Trump\ storyline is fiction.
A number of Republicans sidestepped questions about Donald Trump's admiration for Vladimir Putin.
It didn't seem to matter to Trump.
Progressives demand answers about why the insurer really left the health insurance exchanges after its merger with Humana met resistance.
The GOP nominee interrupted an education policy speech to perpetuate the myth that he opposed the 2003 U.S. invasion of Iraq from the start.
According to Michael Calderone, he failed the moderator test.
Even as more states move to legalize the plant, America's young people are using less and less of it.
Rape culture in a nutshell.
The move comes after the Supreme Court unanimously threw out the governor's convictions.
Let's break it down.
Greg Gianforte, who is running for governor of Montana, is unfamiliar with these writings, according to his campaign.
They say the U.S. shouldn't continue to be complicit in mounting civilian casualties in Yemen.
He stands by Trump's praise of the Russian president, who has committed numerous human rights abuses.
It's not just a type of pepper, Gary.
Trump followed up Clinton's criticism by denying his support for the war -- again.
So much love in the air.
Four officers will be fired for attempted sexual assault and lewd conduct in public.
\u201cIf we ever wonder whether what we do makes a difference, it does.\
It's been nearly seven months since audio surfaced proving Trump's 2002 support of the Iraq War.
\u201cI don\u2019t think the guy\u2019s qualified to be president of the United States,\ Obama said.
The justice hopes the Senate gets its act together on Merrick Garland.
Ray Albers acted with \reckless disregard\ in pointing his rifle at the crowd.
He previously argued having women serve alongside men in the military increased the likelihood of assault.
There were six such moments during the Commander-in-Chief forum.
One in five Americans say both would pose a threat.
And it involves Mar-a-Lago.
Donald Trump ended his media blacklist, allowing us to attend his rallies as press \u2015 and on a completely unrelated note
The GOP nominee claims the central bank is favoring President Obama with low interest rates.
Bob Corker is encouraged though that Trump's starting to develop a deeper understanding of the topic.
\u201cI figure they can\u2019t treat me any worse,\u201d the candidate explained.
He can start by ditching the idea that more guns will solve the problem.
\She is an infinitely better choice for president than Donald Trump,\ said former Health and Human Services Secretary Louis Sullivan.
The decision overruled a lower court judge\u2019s order in May requiring disclosure of the names.
The GOP presidential nominee thinks half the country just wants a handout.
\He\u2019s a bigot, he\u2019s a scam artist, he won\u2019t show us his tax return, and Sen. Grassley is holding the Supreme Court vacant for this man,\ Reid said.
Florida Republican David Jolly displayed a jar of the bloodsuckers on the House floor to prompt action on Zika. Paul Ryan yawned.
\Bullying of this kind from would-be politicians makes you fear for your First Amendment rights,\ The Daily Beast's Olivia Nuzzi says.
The GOP nominee has maintained he would release the returns only after they are audited.
Some analysts say the Republican nominee's proposals don't make much sense.
The top issues for kids in this election include terrorism, equal rights and crime.
\The president should be standing up for America.\
The Republican Party of Florida paid much less for the venue than Trump's own campaign has paid.
Two new investigations, and a coordinated effort by a group of leading academics, are making the road steeper for President Obama's trade deal.
The departments of Commerce and Energy are out. Millions of new drilling and mining jobs are in.
\Unlike Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton has experience in actual governance, a record of service and a willingness to delve into real policy.\u201d
There is a crafty reason why Trump pretends to court the minority vote.
Dakota Access is slated to carry fracked Bakken oil across South Dakota, Iowa and into Illinois.
As the campaign officially commences, a new kind of grumble is heard, mainly from pundits and primary losers. \u201cHillary got
A new partnership between The Washington Post and SurveyMonkey brings nonprobability polling further into the spotlight.
Keep calm and look at the polling averages.
Kevin McCarthy mostly avoided questions about whether to pursue charges against the Democratic presidential nominee.
Mike Pence defends his boss
You do you, Ben.
Clinton is looking strong, but Trump is tightening the gap.
Mitch McConnell called Democrats' objections to riders about Planned Parenthood and the Confederate flag \partisan excuses.\
More than a third of voters say they don't like either option.
Like what you read below?\u00a0Sign up for HuffPost Hill here\u00a0and get a tongue-in-cheek roundup of the day\u2019s political news each
Democrats are renewing their push for Merrick Garland's Supreme Court nomination.
She blames the \media's endless attack on Trump\ for the controversy.
\He did choke.\
They will sometimes be all over the place. Don\u2019t panic; just look at the averages.
Zephyr Teachout says she won't treat voters like they're dumb.
The officer remains under federal investigation for a possible civil rights violation.
They're a \slap in the face\ to all immigrants, Big Papi says.
Of course he did!
Abid Qureshi would fill a seat on the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia.
\u201cThey were clearly treated that way \u2015 it\u2019s pretty obvious \u2015 because of their race,\u201d an attorney for one of the girls said.
The GOP nominee\u2019s campaign is spending lavishly on Trump businesses instead of cheaper alternatives.
Three weeks ago, I directed the Federal Bureau of Prisons to phase out the use of privately operated prisons.\u00a0 The decision
Thank God for Russia \u2013 otherwise Hillary Clinton would have to address insensitive questions about the Trans-Pacific Partnership and her bankrupt foreign policy.
If you see heavily armed men roleplaying the Benghazi attack in Berkeley this weekend, you might think you\u2019ve stumbled onto
Ohio Sen. Rob Portman has managed to build his image fighting the opioid crisis, and he's leading Democratic challenger Ted Strickland.
Schlafly was instrumental in the defeat of the Equal Rights Amendment.
\u201cThat\u2019s not my job.\
A few ideas Hillary Clinton could put to good use this fall.
\He's exercising his constitutional right to make a statement,\ the president said.
Democrats stand a decent chance of retaking a Senate majority, too.
Oh, there\u2019s been nary a peep from our esteemed opinion pages regarding the flood of money from foreign entities into the Trump Organization.
Sundus Saleh, an Iraqi woman, first filed her lawsuit against George W. Bush, Dick Cheney, Donald Rumsfeld, Condoleezza Rice
Famed conservationist E.O. Wilson says climate change is a threat. But he also worries about the Republican nominee and people with nuclear codes.
The working poor are still the least likely to get paid holidays off.
International economic integration often takes place in tiny increments, but every now and then there is a big jolt that forces everyone to reconsider the foundational principles of the system.  Brexit is such an event.
There is no doubt that the economy could provide better jobs for more people. The problem is that political assumptions of what's possible preclude the policies we need.
Speaking at the Democratic convention in July, he called Hillary Clinton \the best darn change-maker I have ever met in my entire life.''  Nice try.  But Trump will never concede the change issue, and Clinton is not in a good position to claim it.
It may be hard to believe that Labor Day marks the traditional beginning of the \real\ election season, given how long we've already been talking about the presidential campaign. But there couldn't be a higher-stakes election for American workers than this year's presidential election between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump.
\She should cease all operations, all contact, with the Clinton Foundation,\ the senator said.
\u201cI trust Donald Trump\u2019s judgment,\ Pence said.
The GOP nominee claimed that \civil rights\ include anti-crime programs, school vouchers and industry trade protections.
\u201cThis is serious business.\
Plenty of others protested outside.
\He will have Mexico pay for it,\u201d she said Sunday.
Policy prescriptions come and go, but the wall will remain.
He is just throwing things out there.
This manipulation tactic fails to bring lasting improvements.
Nobody ever said health care reform was going to be easy.
We are the wealthiest country in the world at the wealthiest moment in our history. Shamefully, we have tens of millions of people living in poverty.
That body of knowledge concerns one major theme
Labor Day is no picnic for millions of Americans who have never had a shot at a good job, or a meaningful chance at success. For far too many Americans, the dignity of work remains out of reach. Chronic opportunity gaps -- all too frequently concentrated in communities of color -- trap too many people in cycles of poverty and violence.
If the National Rifle Association (NRA), with a membership of barely five million, can strike terror in the hearts of America's lawmakers, surely 14.8 million union workers have the ability to make some noise.

It seemingly took $50,000 from the James Bond actor.
A lower court found the ban disproportionately affected black voters.
\u201cI believe we need a civil rights agenda for our time,\ said the businessman whose housing projects once shut out black renters.
Just wait until the debates start.
He still wants to kick millions out of the country ASAP.
\u201cThere\u2019s no conflict between a healthy economy and a healthy planet,\u201d President Barack Obama said this week.
A Chinese official attempted to prevent his national security adviser Susan Rice from walking to the motorcade
TFW you realize you've lost your luggage during a live TV interview.
Most of the leaders were Republican, too.
He said in some cases Trump was \even ahead of me\ in his thinking.
\The new 'Children of the Corn' movie looks terrifying.\
In this week\u2019s episode of \u201cScheer Intelligence,\u201d Robert Scheer talks with former \u201cM.A.S.H.\u201d actor Mike Farrell about his
The recent news of Dr. Homa Hoodfar's hospitalization after being in solitary confinement in \u200eprison has once again shaken our community's beliefs in international human rights and \u200ejustice.
For Donald Trump, the policy formulations don't matter, neither do the misstatements, exaggerations or contradictions. What matters is that he built a \huge\ audience in front of which he performed well.
Workers deserve more than lip service. They deserve economic opportunity, and they deserve respect. What should that mean for politicians? Practice what you preach.
If you look at Donald Trump's website you'll find an application form for election monitors \to help stop crooked Hillary from rigging this election.\ It is Trump's purpose to undermine the fair electoral process as a face-saving alibi for his impending electoral defeat.

Donald Trump going to Mexico could have had a certain \Nixon goes to China\ flavor about it, and he actually was getting some good reviews for crossing the very low bar of \not totally embarrassing himself or his country\ -- at least for the first few hours. Then he went to Phoenix, and Mr. Hyde came back out.
The governor left a lawmaker a profanity-laden voicemail and has made several racist comments.
The measure is set for the ballot in November.
Ohio's black voters embraced this option in the last two elections.
This Labor Day, celebrate the Trump campaign staffers who work for free.
Drugmakers have said lowering or limiting drug prices would hamper their ability to invest in research and lead to fewer new therapies.
Thousands have lost power.
She told the FBI she couldn't recall all briefings on preserving documents.
But whether voters will split their tickets between presidential and senate races remains an open question.
To the window, to the wall.
I don't know if anyone noticed, but he went from being ousted at Fox News under scandal to advising a presidential campaign.
He used one with caution when he was secretary of state.
Derek Arteta, the man fired, said at the time that Trump's move was hypocritical.
The head of Citizens United joins Trump's campaign from a pro-Trump super PAC.
Godspeed.
Missouri can\u2019t keep secret the names of those who provide it with pentobarbital, a deadly anesthetic.
The poster shows bullet holes around a portrait of Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick (D-Ariz.), who is in a close race against the five-term senator.
The GOP nominee is now using the machine he used to scorn, except really badly.
Protecting the Hawaii monument, the president said, will ensure it remains \u201ca precious resource for generations to come.\
The rumor comes from a fake news website.
Judge Aaron Persky says that he's known for \being fair to both sides.\
It's pretty petty.
The vice president reminded the heckler of his late son Beau, an Iraq war veteran.
A new documentary, \Starving The Beast,\ goes all in on the real political crisis on campus.
As usual, he stretched a lot of the facts.
We decided to see how he fared against Elizabeth Warren.
Polls find opportunities for the business mogul to make gains in these groups.
Like what you see below?\u00a0Sign up here for HuffPost Hill\u00a0and receive it in your inbox every evening! \u201cOh, there\u2019s softening
He had pleaded guilty in May to charges including unauthorized access to a protected computer and aggravated identity theft after being extradited from Romania.
They're confident of a Hillary Clinton victory and don't want to hamstring the new administration.
Trump tried to recast a major policy speech the morning after. Don't believe it.
The regulator is seeking to expose fake candidates, from Deez Nuts to Darth Vader.
So much for that trip to Mexico.
\u201c[Trump] was born with a silver spoon in his mouth that he\u2019s now choking on because his foot\u2019s in his mouth along with the spoon.\
The announcement signals a changing tone on the need to deal with climate impacts already underway.
They're asking the state Supreme Court to hold Gov. Terry McAuliffe in contempt.
He trailed in the polls, had a major staff overhaul and tried to seize on a tragedy for his own advantage.
One suggested that Trump might not even want to win.
He said earlier this week that he wouldn't get in the way if most senators wanted have a hearing during a lame-duck session.
All in the interest of protecting ExxonMobil from state probes.
Leading white nationalists praised -- and live-tweeted -- Trump's message.
Control of the upper chamber hangs in the balance this November.
Former State Rep. Clay Cox\u2019s private probation company is also being accused of exploiting poor people to pad its profits.
The first lady opened up about her college experience in a surprise visit to Howard University.
It was the Democratic presidential nominee's best month to date.
\At the beginning of the conversation with Donald Trump I made it clear that Mexico will not pay for the wall.\
So did you guys discuss who's paying for the wall or not?
The president traveled to Hawaii to address global leaders in advance of the world's largest conservation event.
Many of the women locked up in family detention centers speak only indigenous languages.
El Norte is going through one of its periodic fits of fear of the immigrants who define and power it.
Anyone hoping for a kinder, gentler GOP nominee can forget it. He's getting worse.
Mrs. Trump's lawyer recently won a major case for Hulk Hogan against Gawker Media.
Before he gives a major immigration speech Wednesday.
He also promised that he and the press are never ever getting back together.
The outspoken Arizona sheriff gave Trump a pass for failing to press promises to make Mexico pay for a wall.
As expected, Rubio beat businessman Carlos Beruff.
Most voters now say they've heard of Gary Johnson and Jill Stein.
\u201cWhen America fails to lead, we leave a vacuum.\u201d
He makes a tissue-thin case.
The Arizona sheriff famous for his tough stance on illegal immigration took about 66 percent of the vote.
It's the worst view Americans have had for the former secretary of state in a quarter-century of public service.
Donald Trump gave a very low-energy address alongside Mexican President Enrique Pe\u00f1a Nieto. iTriste! Trump said the two had
The real battle starts now.
A troubled teen turned prosecutor is bringing them together.
The legislation would have made New Jersey the third state to adopt a $15 per hour minimum wage.
Activists and the city alike blame Congress' refusal to spend money on water infrastructure.
Trump claimed payment wasn't discussed, but Mexican President Enrique Pe\u00f1a Nieto said he told the GOP nominee his country won't pay.
This is the most optimistic Americans have been about unions since 2006.
She defeated progressive law professor Tim Canova.
\u201cMaybe I\u2019m wrong, I don\u2019t know.\
The state won't be able to enforce them come Election Day.
The GOP nominee has talked trash about the country since the launch of his campaign.
Mexican President Enrique Pe\u00f1a Nieto once likened his tone to the ascent of dictators like Adolf Hitler and Benito Mussolini.
\If he\u2019s gone soft on Trump, it will hurt him greatly. He will even be considered like a traitor.\
\Clearly we're not sending our best to Mexico.\
A female student is accusing her small Minnesota college of failing to support her after she was sexually assaulted overseas.
The legislative assembly wants President Enrique Pe\u00f1a Nieto to wring an apology out of the GOP nominee.
It's the school-to-prison pipeline in action.
Inequality is fueling global political unrest.
\For Comey to stand up and make excuses for Hillary Clinton is absolutely and totally unacceptable.\
Prosecutor Angela Corey made a name locking up juveniles, securing death sentences and failing to get George Zimmerman convicted.
The 12-term incumbent was defeated by former state Sen. Al Lawson.
It's only a slight lead for Katie McGinty, but it seems to be holding.
And it probably wouldn't work.
Both incumbents are expected to prevail, but will face tougher general election fights.
Offices were closed in Colorado, Connecticut, Maryland, North Carolina and West Virginia.
A Republican hasn't gotten more than 10 percent of the black vote since 2004.
\u201cThere\u2019s no more basic form of arbitrariness in the death penalty than geography.\
HuffPost is here to help!
The booming marijuana industry has a major environmental footprint.
Questions swirl after breaches in Illinois and Arizona.
All those cozy ties between Trump advisers and Russia could add up to something, four congressmen argue.
He said he could be convinced if a majority of senators supported it.
From America\u2019s Mayor to America's Maybe-Should-Just-Not
Like what you see below?\u00a0Sign up here for HuffPost Hill\u00a0and receive it in your inbox every evening! Barack Nobama is at it
The state is filled with would-be Trump voters. But thanks to Clinton's ground game advantage, that might not matter.
Republican lawmakers have become fed up with his controversial comments.
The rebuke noted \it is an ethical imperative for Mrs. Clinton.\
The ruling has major implications for same-sex couples.
The demographic is one Donald Trump can't afford to lose.
The bill now goes to Democratic Governor Jerry Brown for his approval.
The GOP nominee's media blacklist has excluded a big chunk of the press corps.
Gulp. Here they go again.
She doesn't.
The former Texas governor will appear alongside rapper Vanilla Ice and Olympian Ryan Lochte.
No one has the moral, much less the political standing, to preach to Black people about any obligation to \u201chonor our soldiers.\u201d
His plan to not pay his debts was rejected.
A new 30-second ad hits Clinton on the economy.
Trump's down, but not out.
I mean, can you imagine?
But he was happy to suggest Weiner's wife, Huma Abedin, has ties to the Muslim Brotherhood.
He claims crime is reaching \record levels.\ It isn't.
They're unhappy with Donald Trump, but can't agree on anyone else.
The GOP nominee still claims his opponent is medically unfit to serve as president.
As the timber industry collapsed, one Northern California town turned to marijuana.
\u201cAnthony and I remain devoted to doing what is best for our son, who is the light of our life.\
\You never know how a person would feel when being locked up.\
They\u2019re the next big event on the 2016 calendar, and we\u2019re more uncertain than ever about what might happen.
Only 7 percent report seeing more Trump ads than Clinton ads.
They hit the target for resettlement one month early.
The Department of Homeland Security is reviewing the policy after the landmark decision to phase out privatized federal prisons.
The NFL player was trying to draw attention to racial inequalities in the U.S.
Yes, again.
The former secretary of state attended the meeting alone.
\I mean, he meets the clinical definition,\u201d he said.
Does the GOP nominee want a deportation force or what? Don't ask his running mate.
Trump's allies are having a hard time explaining whether or not he wants to deport everyone.
Money is just one form of currency in the Clintons' elite circles.
The candidate took a personal tragedy and made it all about himself.
\u201cIf we don\u2019t enforce visa expiration dates, then we have an open border.\
The GOP nominee needs to be mindful of courting controversy if he wants to gain much.
Last week, Abu Zubaydah, who has been imprisoned at Guantanamo for 14 years without being charged with a crime, appeared
His final broadcast is set to take place on Sunday, September 25.
\u201c325 per hour in advance.\
We knew on that bridge in Selma that we were staring down a pivotal moment in history. I believe the same is true in 2016.
We knew on that bridge in Selma that we were staring down a pivotal moment in history. I believe the same is true in 2016.
The fact that this sordid practice of manipulating the patent laws to fleece people with allergies has any legal bearing at all only serves to further de-legitimize the \establishments\ of both major political parties, the Congress and all the other governing and regulatory institutions.
A pro-Clinton labor group is going after Donald Trump's core demographic in swing states.
An appeals court rejected a softening device that would've made it easier for people without a voter card.
The intelligence agency has access to Clinton's deleted emails, according to the real estate mogul.
He now promises immediate action on deportation, with no mention of a path to legal status.
He exploited the shooting of a mother of four to his political advantage.
It is a parent\u2019s worst nightmare to get that call that your child has been killed.\u00a0 That\u2019s what happened a year ago when
For what it is worth
LePage now blames a reporter for his own actions.
Although Sanders forces didn\u2019t obtain all they wanted in their negotiations with the Clinton campaign, they did secure an avant-garde platform.
The so-called architect of the Iraq War says Trump would undermine U.S. credibility in the world.
\u201cThis isn\u2019t just an over-the-counter product. You can\u2019t put a price tag on life.\u201d
\I think that about covers it.\
When you can turn detention into dollars, recidivism is the gift that keeps on giving.
He says he only spent five minutes writing the note.
Trump hate. I don't like these feelings. I don't want these feelings.

In the midst of his first campaign for president, Barack Obama was forced to explain his long association with a pastor spotlighted for racially incendiary remarks from the pulpit of an African American church in Chicago.
We may well see the day when the Palestinian citizens of Israel will emerge, as Kanafani predicted, as the new leadership of a unified Palestinian community fighting for justice and equality.
She decried the \alt-right,\ while he called her a \bigot.\
\At every level of society, women are leaders at the forefront of progress.\
The Trump campaign is outgunned in advertising and field operations, and voters have noticed.
A Texas judge's decision has halted deferred action even in states that didn't oppose it.
The Democrat's numbers are down from a peak this month of 12 points.
Even among Republicans, there's significant support for a pathway to citizenship.
A federal judge said that the bill's \one-size-fits-all\ approach goes too far in harming transgender students.
It's a life philosophy that helps him cope with doing shows and thousands of people dying.
One poll had him at a 67 percent favorable rating. Seriously.
\u201cWe of the alt-right will never abandon Donald Trump,\u201d said white nationalist William Johnson.
Alec Karakatsanis of Equal Justice Under Law explains how even a few days in jail can throw a life \into disarray.\
He should probably be focusing on his poll numbers.
A recently passed bill sets ambitious new targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
North Carolina had to pay $1 million out of its emergency fund for natural disasters.
Donald Trump\u2019s campaign chief is under scrutiny and Ryan Lochte is in big trouble in Brazil. All that and more in the video
Americans say they're seeing more ads from Clinton, but more news about Donald Trump.
A poignant reminder on the anniversary of the 19th Amendment.
But on other gun policy questions, the gaps keep widening.
No, it wasn't like this before the court started deregulating campaign finance.
Trust us, it's easy.
This time, top officials gathered to listen to the reformers' ideas.
\The NRA still controls too many politicians. There is no new meaningful common-sense gun legislation.\
\u201cDidn\u2019t she kind of start that when she was running against Obama?\u201d
Former Ferguson police dispatcher says someone will get hurt if city doesn't end its hiring freeze.
A filmmaker is trying to get files on Parker Gilbert, who was found not guilty of raping a classmate two years ago.
Trump also said he'd never heard the widely reported comments. \ud83d\ude44
Since the start of 2008, police have responded to at least 440 calls for service to the school, including 126 for runaways.
Paul LePage left a voicemail calling him a \u201cc**ksucker\u201d and asked that the message be made public.
Earlier this week, news headlines began popping up regarding Hillary Clinton\u2019s top campaign aide Huma Abedin. This time they
Let us begin by stipulating that Donald Trump is the most astoundingly ignorant and unqualified person to be nominated for
From across the pond.
The controversy has been increasing in the lead up to the general election.
MoveOn has quarreled with Clinton for years. But fear of a Trump presidency can heal those wounds.
\She\u2019s going to do nothing for African-Americans, she\u2019s going to do nothing for the Hispanics.\
There are concerns not every volunteer will realize \there are limitations on what they are and aren\u2019t allowed to do.\
The GOP senator says students would learn more from Burns' documentaries than from teachers.
His choice for a new campaign chief executive says everything you need to know.
Faulting the U.S. government for trying to end redlining seems to be a cornerstone of Sen. Ron Johnson\u2019s political career.
Unbelievable.
His new position basically resembles that of many of his GOP primary opponents, whom he attacked for being too soft on immigration.
The Maine governor said he started the collection after people criticized him for calling black people criminals.
Ken Mehlman saying sorry for the \Southern Strategy\ now feels quaint.
Irony at its finest.
Just a few miles can separate an enclave of affluence from a struggling school.
But he still trails Hillary Clinton in every national poll.
Their argument just isn't supported by the facts.
If cities want to monitor police, unions want more money.
\To say that theists can do this but nontheists cannot is quite clearly discrimination,\ one of the plaintiffs says.
The parks enter their second century with a $12 billion backlog of repairs.
The White House has been trying to close the facility since Obama became president.
So much for principled conservatism.
It's the \I-know-you-are-but-what-am-I?\ tactic.
The $600 list price of the drug will remain the same, but the company said it would increase the maximum copay assistance program to $300 from $100.
The architect of Brexit drew parallels with Trump's anti-establishment character and immigration positions.
They're probably also celebrating the National Park Service's birthday.
The GOP nominee is adopting some talking points that sound surprisingly familiar.
Sorry not sorry.
\u201cMy diagnosis would be that anybody who is elderly should expose their records.\
At least 38 are dead.
Donald Trump\u2019s campaign manager has gone full poll truther, a stance that will no doubt harden \u00a0when the Bureau of Labor
The NBA legend was not impressed with the GOP nominee after the Democratic National Convention.
Washington is weird.
\u201cThe hidden Trump vote in this country is a very significant proposition.\
Though they don't know why people are still having skin problems since the water improved.
If Kellyanne Conway is right, then Donald Trump doesn't need Kellyanne Conway's help.
Clinton has led Trump throughout most of the 2016 campaign
A former corrections officer talks about her frustration with the lack of mental health care in jails.
And it's dragging down the Republican governor's reelection chances.
The GOP candidate even trails on issues that are centerpieces of his campaign. Sad!
The beverage industry is vastly outspending those who support taxes on sugary drinks.
Nearly a third of those detained by the U.S. Marshals Service are locked up in privatized jails.
The CIA suggested it could instead provide an anonymous witness to answer questions in writing.
Georgia is unnecessarily segregating students with special needs, a lawsuit alleges.
\Even if he wasn\u2019t president, if his ass worked at, like, Red Lobster, he'd be just a good man working at Red Lobster.\u201d
In response to something I had posted about voting for Jill Stein in an effort to defeat the two-party corporate cabal that
The candidate also made an appeal to black voters, saying, \What the hell do you have to lose?\
And it's all on the campaign donors' dime.
Russian hackers have breached the New York Times, giving intelligence officials in that country access to 14 unfinished style
\u201cI don\u2019t know why they are saying this.\
He\u2019s the most distrusted Republican candidate in recent history when it comes to policy.
This is some fuzzy math.
But his unpopularity could weigh many GOP candidates down.
A new HuffPost/YouGov poll also shows divides on which candidates should get the chance to debate.
\It\u2019s all so pathetic and disgusting,\ one person said.
Unless he changes his mind.
The list just keeps getting longer.
So much for that flip-flop.
Is he too all over the place for the charge to stick?
\u201cHer right of privacy is the only right this animal didn\u2019t take away from her.\
Appeals court ruled stopping and searching such a driver violates the Constitution.
The Show Me State went to Republican candidates in the last four presidential elections.
And no, business groups and the GOP don't like it.
\u201cI\u2019m going to make you an example. You will regret the day we had this conversation.\u201d
Getting Congress to pay attention to Puerto Rico was like \talking to them in a foreign language.\
In a time of rising Islamophobia and anti-Arab hate, a beloved Oklahoma man is gunned down.
Office rent soared in July after Trump's campaign began accepting donor contributions.
Rumors about Clinton's health highlight Trump's growing desperation.
I have a very personal bone to pick with the Republican nominee for president.\u00a0 His verbal outrages, wild-eyed assaults on
Obviously,\u00a0political attack ads can be inaccurate. I never knew just how inaccurate until a good friend\u00a0(and good man)\u00a0had
\u201cI am not content to condemn them for eternity as inferior and second-class citizens.\
His campaign manager said the candidate was considering a \fair and humane\ approach to those living in the country illegally.
Donald Trump says he wants a \u201creally fair\u201d plan for people not in the country legally, so we guess he won\u2019t kill their families
Maybe we should shut down speculation on Trump\u2019s immigration policy until we can figure out what is going on.
The comments come after an NYT story showed some unusual ties between the foundation and Russia.
In case you need another reason to worry about a Trump presidency.
This perfectly caps her banner Olympics.
Along with his mother.
A helpful exploration into what's going on with The Donald.
Trump and his campaign have offered myriad excuses for not making the records available to the public.
HuffPost\u2019s poll-based model indicates Senate Republicans could be in trouble.
That might not be enough to save them in November.
Just another tale of super PACs and candidates helping each other.
Fresh off his latest \pivot,\ Trump's back at it again.
The GOP senator called a $400 million payment to Iran \ransom.\
A Texas-led coalition of states said the initiative is an exercise in federal overreach.
He concluded the district \deprives African American voters of an equal opportunity to elect representatives of their choice.\
The paltry number of Syrian refugees in the U.S. doesn't make a dime's worth of difference on wages.
His remarks come just hours after his campaign manager said that he \doesn't hurl personal insults.\
\I live in a white community. I'm white.\
Democrats have a 78 percent chance of getting 50-plus seats in November, the HuffPost Senate model shows.
\u201cIt would not be surprising we would see additional cases perhaps in other Gulf Coast states.\
But please accept his apologies. You know who you are.
Trump\u2019s newly appointed campaign manager was pressed on whether his plans would include a \u201cdeportation force.\u201d
The state will no longer tax feminine hygiene products like luxuries.
Yet it still trails the Clinton campaign in dollars raised.
The two of us, Amy Harfeld and Robert Fellmeth, head up the national advocacy of the Children\u2019s Advocacy Institute.\u00a0 We are
Of course not.
Two peas in a pod.
So much for the Trump campaign's pivot.



The log shows that sheriff's deputies actively \cultivated,\ \recruited and utilized\ informants in county jails -- in secret, for years.
The scramble to boost Trump's losing campaign is getting desperate.
The Bernie Sanders wing insists the momentum is on its side -- and they will fight to keep it that way.
World-class athletes train in these open spaces.
Here's a riddle
People just need to ask three simple questions -- and get their friends and neighbors to ask as well.
Kellyanne Conway is \telling Trump what he wants to hear,\ a source said.
The city council called the test \a significant barrier to entry.\
A federal judge recommended that prosecutors bring the charges after finding that the controversial sheriff had violated court orders stemming from a 2007 racial profiling case.
The week began with a speech Donald Trump read off a TelePrompTer. And in a stunning development -- are you sitting down? -- he then did not stomp all over his message by saying monumentally stupid things for the rest of the week. No, really!
Donald Trump's insinuation that Second Amendment supporters might be able to \do something\ to stop a President Hillary Clinton is part of a disturbing trend that is not without consequences.
So, when this banner ad from the Trump campaign popped up on my computer this morning, I knew there was something oddly familiar about the pose.
Most people are mad at the wrong things, and they need simple answers like Trump to help them vent.  Our desire for simple answers notwithstanding, we will remain here living in a complex and evolving world which defies simple answers.
Whether it's the now inevitable national unilateral rejection of you that you are already preparing for by saying things like the election is rigged and that the Sarah Palin media is turning on you or the unlimited Blue Velvet gas that you are huffing that is making you delusional enough to think that you have been both a fine parent and outstanding human being, let me say this:
In a state which may vote blue this November, Ayotte goes to great lengths to sound independent, almost like a Democrat. But is she?
The judge permanently blocked parts of a Florida law that aimed to cut off state funding for preventive health services at clinics that also provide abortions.
At least 13 people have died as a result of the flooding.
The judge concluded that Clinton did not need to give sworn testimony.
Paul Manafort resigned from the Trump campaign, just in time to watch the flowers bloom in his dacha. The Army made over
The state's Republican Party is making tweaks to early voting, and the justices will know all about it.
The report follows the hack of Democrat groups.
\Let's get rid of the higher education cartel.\
The lawsuit claims that a Texas school district systematically discriminates against students of color.
He also said the bill should be called \The Voter Fraud Enhancement and Permission Act.\
The businessman says allowing one of his employees to express her gender identity \would be violating God\u2019s commands.\
The department on Friday denounced bail practices that result in \unnecessary incarceration.\
Wow.
Needless to say, he no longer plans to vote for Trump.
Donald Trump's former campaign manager says the Trump campaign is fine \u2014 they\u2019re just doing what a losing campaign did 12 years ago.
Arenas are not voting booths.
Allison Maass has been spotted at offices for Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders and Russ Feingold.
Battleground states are turning blue.
\u201cWe took advantage of that to make sure we had the maximum leverage possible to get our people out and get them out safely.\u201d
Serhiy Leshchenko says a pro-Russian political party made payments worth millions of dollars to Paul Manafort.
The foundation has come under fire during Clinton\u2019s presidential campaign, with Republicans charging that donors were rewarded with access to her while she was secretary of state.
It warns of floods of Syrian refugees coming to the U.S. and criminal undocumented immigrants collecting Social Security benefits.
Happy anniversary, Sunny!
The Republican nominee should be polling better this year according to election forecasts.
The gods of August news cycles summoned the inanity of 1,000 shark attacks and gave us a story about Ryan Lochte\u2019s possible
TOP STORIES USA WOMEN WIN BIG IN TRACK\u00a0Brianna Rollins,\u00a0Nia Ali and Kristi Castlin swept the medals in the 100-meter hurdles
\u201cWe would like to take an uplifting, optimistic, policy-centric message directly to the American people,\u201d Kellyanne Conway said.
They can contest the decision before the Chicago Police Board.
Climate change has all but swallowed Shishmaref.
\I no longer recognize my party.\u201d
\There are elements of the entertainment wing of the Republican Party that need to be dealt with.\
See them for yourself.
Ignoring bad polling numbers isn\u2019t going to win the election.
\I try to think of it as, one heart, one mind at a time.\
The new policy won't keep the government from making money off detained immigrants.
But will they get help from Hillary Clinton?
Researchers are puzzled by the sudden spike.
Congress left the White House no choice but to shift money to fight Zika. And some comes from the poorly funded opioid response.
AKA all the polls that exist.
Since he's no longer a candidate, he no longer has to file a personal financial disclosure.
The bill would eliminate the sales tax on menstrual products, saving women an estimated $20 million annually.
And no one understands why they continue to be part of the campaign.
The announcement follows a damning report on the safety conditions in contracted facilities.
The termination came after it was reported that city attorney Glen Keith Allen appeared to be deeply involved with neo-Nazi groups.
The former CEO of Breitbart News faced numerous federal and state tax liens in the 1990s.
Gary Johnson and William Weld will take questions.
In a move seen as a demotion for Paul Manafort.
The GOP presidential ticket leads by 9 points, but Bayh could pick up a Senate seat for Democrats.
\u201cI\u2019m honored by the trust Wyoming Republicans have placed in me to serve as our next Representative in Congress.\
He doesn't want a Trump presidency to take the blame.
The department calls a ruling to create stricter guidelines \heavy-handed intrusion.\
The president of the city's NAACP branch calls Trump's remarks \pretty lame.\
As lead levels in city water creep up, public utilities are only willing to do so much.
If it's like previous attempts at getting his campaign back on track, it won't last.
Paul Manafort was effectively sidelined by Donald Trump, allowing Manafort to spend more time with his \u0441\u0435\u043c\u044c\u044f. Staff changes
Decades of research backs it up.
Andrew Breitbart said Trump wasn't really a conservative.
Manafort helped a Ukrainian political party with close ties to Russia secretly move at least $2.2 million to two major Washington lobbying firms.
The party is also facing a battle to keep their Senate majority.
Whoops.
He overestimated his own skill set and Donald Trump\u2019s sanity -- and underestimated his enemies and the political danger of his Ukraine ties.
There aren't that many of them.
Says who? Everyone.
\A rich guy in Mexico actually has power at The New York Times. I wonder why they don't like us.\
The Clinton campaign unveiled its transition team, which is to say, it announced the people who will field calls from Terry
In an extension of his Muslim ban comments.
He is reportedly taking debate advice from accused sexual harasser Roger Ailes.
Area mediocre white man expresses confidence.
The New York City Housing Authority and Officer Peter Liang will pay a combined $425,000 to help settle the lawsuit.
And when it comes to this question, voters are usually right.
At least 20 women have accused Ailes of sexual harassment.
The former red state seems to be feeling blue.
The president said he's \tired\ of talking about Hillary Clinton's opponent.
Five major network polls will be used to determine whether they reach the 15 percent threshold.
They wrote a letter referencing the nominee's \divisiveness, recklessness, incompetence, and record-breaking unpopularity.\
They said they're very busy defending an anti-trans bathroom law in another state.
The No. 3 U.S. health insurer cited financial losses as a reason for dropping the plans.
The announcement comes as Clinton gains momentum in the polls against Donald Trump, whose campaign has struggled after a string of controversial remarks.
The vast majority of GOP voters say their party remains divided.
Charm City's children are arrested at an astounding rate.
He missed Sunday's installment of his syndicated TV show due to illness -- his first absence in 34 years.
Kane could face up to seven years in prison for leaking information to a reporter.
If approved, Colorado would join California, Oregon, Washington, Montana and Vermont as states that allow some form of physician-assisted suicide.
\If you start pivoting, you\u2019re not being honest with people,\ the GOP nominee said.
Many contend their rights were violated in previous deportation decisions.
They\u2019re pretty clear about who they\u2019ll be supporting in November, too.
She was accused of leaking grand jury information to a reporter.
Crowded shelters are turning away displaced people and an interstate highway remains closed.
But the state says it wants the court to act quickly to avoid confusion come Election Day.
Eight officials who advised U.S.-Asia policy in past GOP administrations signed an open letter denouncing Trump.
Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn will join Trump at Wednesday's top-secret session.
\Quite honestly, there should have been deaths in this.\
For a grand total of $12.7 million.
New reports highlight the social insurance program's benefits for some 60 million people.
\He would almost certainly fail.\
Donald Trump tried once again to restart his campaign, a pivot that will last until tomorrow when he gets into a fight with
\u201cHe is not qualified to know the [nuclear] codes. He can\u2019t be trusted,\u201d the vice president said.
This guy.
Current polls suggest it's just as likely as a comeback for Donald Trump.
Zephyr Teachout is cutting out the middleman.
It takes time to drain what you say of any meaning.
\u201cNobody \u2013 myself included \u2013 was very confident that we could accomplish this law.\u201d
The list of Republicans jumping ship from Donald Trump keeps growing.
This seems slightly problematic.
\u201cMr. Trump has alienated his party and he isn\u2019t running a competent campaign,\u201d the newspaper said in an editorial.
Vegetables benefit from #branding just like everything else.
The Republican nominee's recent antics suggest that he's looking for an exit.
There is no evidence to support Trump's claim.
Visas would be denied to those with \hostile attitudes\ toward American principles.
On war and Wall Street, Clinton and Trump have similar policies.
The Syrian imbroglio is the most complex politico-military conflict of modern times.\u00a0 In terms of number of players, diversity
Gun control is in some ways a uniquely American problem, but it also touches on many of the fundamental questions of government
\u201cThis is a sad course of events, not only for us, but more importantly for our country.\u201d
\u201cMaybe we\u2019ll start thinking about taking their press credentials away from them.\u201d
\That\u2019s the way you gotta deal with bullies
The state has just 4 electoral votes, but they could make a difference.
Trump said he would be beating Hillary by 20 percent if it weren't for the media.
Barry reportedly died of a drug overdose.
Pence said Trump will win because he speaks \plainly, like your everyday American.\
We have many real and pressing needs.
Indivar Dutta-Gupta is a member of Hillary for America\u2019s policy working group on poverty and social mobility. He is writing
A beautiful, intelligent, confident queen, from Chicago\u2019s South Side.
Ignoring evidence, the party bought into the image of a savvy, successful businessman.
I\u2019m scared of the America some people want to live in.
As reported globally and partly captured on video in July, the capital of Louisiana suffered the shooting deaths of three police officers and the death of a man selling CDs all within two weeks. Both episodes and other killings last month of black men and police officers jolted the US into a deep examination of how violent race relations had become in the country.


He's repeatedly claimed the general election will be \rigged.\
Two-thirds acknowledge terrorism is getting worse, but foreign policy is way down on the list of important issues.
He floated shooting Hillary Clinton, trying citizens at Gitmo and blaming President Obama for starting ISIS -- all in one week.
\u201cThe only way we could lose, in my opinion\u2026 is if cheating goes on\u201d
US presidential candidate Donald Trump has been widely dubbed a \u201cpopulist politician\u201d. Populism is an ideology which holds
He was a state senator at the time.
This column has always loved a good rant. Most of the time, we provide our own rant at the end of the column, on a subject too big to be contained in talking points.
Simone Biles and Simone Manuel made history last night.
The candidate who's in the lead two weeks after the conventions usually stays there.
The policy added fuel to a national debate on transgender rights.
Haha. Ha. ::Sobbing::
Donald Trump's doing everything he can to help her win as it is.
The law signed by GOP Governor John Kasich stripped $1.3 million from any healthcare organization that provides abortions
The officer policing the Ferguson protests wore no badge and refused to identify himself.
A court said they are without authority to wipe out \valid\ convictions.
This letter is pretty scathing, for scientists at least.
It's just the latest offensive statement he's dismissed as a joke.
He said the party\u2019s chances of keeping control of the Senate are \u201cvery dicey.\u201d
\u201cThe court is important, to be sure -- but not nearly that important.\
\Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on his previous promises to release his tax returns.\
The Democratic nominee said she'd never support the controversial Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal.
\You can call me Hillary, you can call me Madame Secretary -- you can call me 'Hey You!'\
\Hilliry = BAD, me = GOOD.\
Jim Bennett is the son of a former senator who apologized to Muslims about Trump's comments.
Some traditional swing states aren't looking too close right now.
Donald Trump\u2019s supporters are about as conventionally Republican as he is.
\u201cThis destructive conspiracy theory has also been advanced by the Kremlin,\ Rep. Adam Schiff said.
Berta C\u00e1ceres' family wants the U.S. to halt security funds until the Honduran government agrees to an impartial investigation.
He just doesn't get it.
Minor details though, right?
Congress failed to pass funding for battling the disease before taking a seven-week recess.
The returns will show Clinton paid an effective tax rate of 35 percent and gave about 10 percent to charity, CNBC reported.
The failed presidential contender couldn't resist a cheap -- and deeply unfunny -- joke.
Trump and Clinton are blamed for turning fast-food consumers frosty.
Not that he supports her, of course.
Over a hundred party officials emails could be breached.
The state must adopt a number of measures to ensure no Texan is disenfranchised in the November election.
\Yes, Mr. Trump, words matter.\
Yeah. He really did.
The former House GOP aide may peel off just enough Trump voters.
GOP-led spending cuts have led to \the most discouraging recovery on record,\ an Economic Policy Institute study says.
\u201cPOTUS just won the summer.\u201d
The GOP presidential nominee keeps complaining about \a rigged election.\
\We're all trying to figure out what the hell it is.\
You might even get a response.
The proportion who think Trump will win is declining.
Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi also suggested Donald Trump had been making \verbal poo poo,\ which, accurate.
The Vermont progressive has introduced legislation that would free states to regulate it as they see fit.
\At the end, it\u2019s either going to work or I\u2019m going to have a very, very nice long vacation.\u201d
Critics say a $1.6 million grant should have gone to health facilities prepared to deal with Zika-related concerns.
The decision is a huge disappointment to marijuana legalization advocates.
He went from praising Hillary Clinton's secretary of state performance to calling her the worst in history.
\u201cIf you publicly rebuked him, you will look back and you will stand tall in front of the nation.\
He's referring to the president as the group's \founder\ and Hillary Clinton as its \co-founder.\
Maybe it's time for Trump to beef up his team of foreign policy advisors.
The GOP nominee keeps saying he opposed the Iraq war from the start. He didn't.
Trump's factually incorrect statements are \legitimate political commentary,\ he argued.
Moments after the allegations, the crowd began chanting, \Lock her up!\
Thousands of police officers are now stationed inside public schools. What does this mean for students?
The party's candidates are raising big bucks ahead of November.
But he\u2019s still running a tight race with Hillary Clinton in Florida.
Among all registered voters, some 44 percent want Trump to drop out.
The GOP nominee said the controversy could be good for him.
Sen. Mark Kirk has had months to come up with a better way to frame this.
\Donald Trump lost me a long time ago,\ a former Connecticut congressman said.
It wasn't even close.
\u201cIt\u2019s wishful thinking to believe the Republicans are going to replace its nominee after the convention.\
\u201cI think we need to have hearings on this. I think people need to be held accountable.\u201d
A great council of thinkfluencers was convened to decide which metaphor people should divine when writing about the suction
They want more people to not only oppose Trump, but also come out for Clinton.
Former Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland later apologized.
The historically red state is not too thrilled about Donald Trump.
The accusation appears in a new court filing.
They are rather more worried about Donald Trump.
He didn't mean that.
The Supreme Court isn't about to erase it either.
What a difference a comma can make.
He also blamed the media for making up the story. Sad!
Americans have a slightly more positive view of the GOP vice-presidential nominee than his counterpart.
These are the best portraits, believe me.
The human fly drew hundreds of onlookers.
Deputies originally said the man was a suspect in a carjacking, but said this week that he had nothing to do with the crime.
Trump had said that \the Second Amendment people\ could stop Hillary Clinton.
The gun group says Hillary Clinton is the one who threatens \the future of American freedom.\
For a group that doesn't get along well with many Republicans, it seems to be getting along pretty nicely with Donald Trump.
No, it doesn't mean the numbers are skewed.
The department apologized after the judge accused its lawyers of being unethical.
Ryan has been critical of the GOP presidential candidate.
Her response is far different from how he reacted to criticism from Khizr Khan.
Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine) said she could not support her party's nominee.
It\u2019s too early to say the race is over, though.
Seriously, why?
He literally can't stand up.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
It's a sign that the issue is finally getting the attention it deserves.
It makes the campaign's latest spin impossible to believe.
Today just seven states still have full bans on drug felons receiving food stamps.
\u201cI want to debate very badly. But I have to see the conditions.\u201d
He's trailing Hillary Clinton by double digits in Pennsylvania and struggling in crucial battleground states.
Roy Moore is one step closer to removal from the state Supreme Court.
Strategy changes are for losers.
\u201cHe was saying what could happen ... He doesn\u2019t want that to happen.\
Evan McMullin may help turn the traditionally red state blue.
Who could have possibly seen that coming?
\u201cDonald Trump has shown a profound ignorance of science.\
The former senator is hoping to return to Congress after a lucrative stint in the private sector.
Trump \makes death threats because he's a pathetic coward who can\u2019t handle the fact that he\u2019s losing to a girl,\ Warren tweeted.
Trump wondered the same thing.
Cities outside St. Louis have created \a modern day police state and debtors\u2019\u00a0prison scheme that has no place in American society today.\
Virginia also looks bluer than usual.
What the GOP nominee is doing for a presidential reset.
With less than 100 days before the election, it\u2019s a little late for that.
The U.S. took an early lead in the Olympic medal count, while China and Italy vied for the top spot in the establishment
The senator's official account went live Monday.
Another notoriously offensive nonpolitician has his eyes on the White House.
We\u2019ve got you covered.
Florida Republican Wadi Gaitan decided to move on due to \u201cthe indefensible things being said about immigrants,\u201d one friend said.
Evan McMullin, a former CIA agent, has been a vocal critic of the real estate mogul.
Hillary Clinton, like many other Democrats, has started citing Mark Zandi's economic analyses.
He wants to \reach out to the decency of America.\
He called the GOP nominee \a breath of fresh air.\
Wesley Cagle shot an unarmed man in the groin in December 2014.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The Texas senator's decision to not endorse the GOP nominee is looking pretty good right now.
Research shows that voters are more focused on candidates' personalities and statements than their policy positions.
In a letter mailed to Trump Tower, a Kurdish government body challenged Trump's praise of Saddam Hussein.
Even a participation trophy might be out of reach.
She's back!
Few Americans believe crime is a major problem in their own community, but many are convinced it's a huge issue in the rest of the country.
\u201cThere\u2019s a disconnect between the leadership in Gwinnett County and the reality of the diversity.\
Trump \would be the most reckless President in American history,\ they write.
Maybe it's time Donald Trump's bootlickers moved on to something new.
Federal funding allocated toward fighting the disease is expected to run out later this month.
\u201cWe need to show everyone in this country that once and for all, this is not how we\u2019re going to be treated.\
Arizona is very much in play for Hillary Clinton, and Virginia could move out of reach for Trump.
\u201cEveryone should calm down about it,\u201d said Trump adviser Rudy Giuliani.
Hey, everybody's tax plan is B.S., right?
That would signal a landslide for Democrats.
Historians see in Trump the biggest liar in presidential politics. Ever.

That record was set in the 1970s.
Jill Stein is hoping to attract disillusioned Sanders supporters, but she has a tough road ahead.
Because it\u2019s hard to keep track of all the outrages.
An appeals court found the state's voting law harkened back to \the era of Jim Crow.\
\In a season of intense politics, let\u2019s cherish this opportunity to come together around one flag.\
Obama pledged in 2013 to provide greater transparency about counter-terrorism operations.
Like Monty Python\u2019s seriously deceased parrot, the Republican Party is not pining for the fjords or shagged out after a
It's been a wild ride, and I'd do it over again.
Why is Sharia such a scary word?
\If it wasn\u2019t so frightening, it would be amusing.\
Here are all 16 of Trump's terrible gaffes this week.
It looked like a good time.
\u201cIf we\u2019re attacked, Japan doesn\u2019t have to do anything. \
For America's poor, life expectancy statistics resembles those in developing countries.

I feel good about what we accomplished with this year's Democratic Party's platform. I say this not only as a proud member of the five person team Bernie Sanders picked to serve on the Platform Drafting Committee, but also as the first Arab American to have served in that capacity.
He's really keeping everyone on their toes.
Two new polls have him down 9 and 15 points.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The Olympics are set to distract Americans from the presidential race, and folks looking to take a break from all of the
There\u2019s evidence that her rising numbers are more than a convention bounce, but it\u2019s still too early to tell.
Introducing HuffPost\u2019s election art project, If This Art Could Vote. Explore dozens of works of art about the 2016 presidential
Let\u2019s not forget the pain of the white working class, she urged.
Paul Nehlen thinks the U.S. should consider deporting all Muslims.
Two new surveys show him with less than 40 percent of the vote against Hillary Clinton.
Fainting couch sector of the economy expected to surge.
He paid tribute to another fallen Muslim soldier, Kareem Rashad Sultan Khan.
It only took a week.
The GOP presidential nominee polls at a record low among a demographic key to winning the general election.
The team is heavy on Wall Street donors who back the very policies Trump has denounced.
\Our cries have fallen on deaf ears for decades.\u201d
The health care provider wants to \engage historically disenfranchised communities.\
Or at the very least, watch this video.
After declining to back Ryan earlier in the week, Trump announced his support in Ryan's home state.
Are we really still doing this?
\He is a neutron bomb that has gone off in the Republican Party,\ said one top aide to Romney's 2012 campaign.
\u201cChip in to fly him to the conflict zone of his choosing,\u201d says Cameron Kerr, who got his medal after losing a leg.
Michael Morell says Trump's a self-aggrandizing agent of Vladimir Putin who's guilty of \routine carelessness with the facts.\
The U.S. is on track to resettle 10,000 this fiscal year.
Newt 2012 racked up $4.6 million in debt that will never be repaid.
They also had some choice words about Hillary Clinton.
Thanks to small donors, Trump has almost closed his fundraising gap with Clinton.
He is still the Republican nominee.
He said lawmakers who \talk about protecting Americans\ are not doing it when it comes to the mosquito-borne virus.
Donald Trump\u2019s recent front-page campaign blunders have rocked Republican officials, who fear he\u2019s permanently damaged his
Epic trolling from the state's chief public defender.
Multiple cases have been linked to mosquitos in Miami.
He's got \all the symptoms\ of narcissistic personality disorder, says Rep. Karen Bass.
But he insists his endorsement isn't a \blank check.\
This is why Hillary's nomination resonated so much in the convention hall.
Just askin' questions.
Nearly 7 in 10 voters who have heard about the controversy think Trump is \out of bounds.\
\u201cTo hear the things that Donald Trump says, it just disgusts me.\
An allegation like this would be shocking from anyone else.
The GOP nominee responded by calling them \rude.\
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Trump\u2019s comments about the Khan family haven\u2019t been well-received.
Paul Manafort says the real problem is \war in the Middle East, the destabilization and the policies of Obama and Clinton that caused them.\u201d
He doesn't like Hillary Clinton, either.
Members urge other student groups not to endorse \this dangerous man.\
\u201cOf course the election will not be rigged! What does that mean?!\u201d
His own campaign admits no such video exists.
\u201cI think in an ideal world, if I were independently wealthy, I\u2019d get out of Florida right now,\ one pregnant woman said.
Of course he did. Of course it was.
Crowd chants
\u201cWhat did that bitch Hillary ever do to you?\u201d It was that simple comment I saw in an internet comment thread that helped
The eccentric real estate mogul raised $82 million.
Dissatisfied voters are looking for alternatives beyond Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton.
We\u2019re downgrading Donald Trump\u2019s recent misfortunes from \u201cstepping in it\u201d to \u201c\u2018Curb Your Enthusiasm\u2019 theme music.\u201d Trump\u2019s
Creating a program to identify and track Muslims could cost up to $40 billion.
His attacks on a fallen soldier's family have controlled the news cycle this week.
Rep. Tim Huelskamp, chairman of the Tea Party Caucus, was beaten by a GOP moderate.
The report estimated that an average of 20 veterans a day died from suicide in 2014, or about 7,300 in the year, compared to a previous estimate of 22 a day.
It could be hugely beneficial to them.
Even threatening a first strike would be profoundly destabilizing.
Trump said that he \always wanted\ to receive a Purple Heart, despite never having served in the military.
Polling shows they aren't all that enthusiastic about her.
It reveals the prejudice and rage at these gatherings, which often go unseen.
The lack of full disclosure prevented DNC staffers from taking steps that could have reduced the number of confidential emails and documents stolen.
And some of them are long-time Democrats.
Under their rules, Republicans are stuck with their nominee unless they talk him into dropping out.
Former campaign manager brings back what was once Trump's core issue.
Failing to fund a response means less tracking, less understanding, slower creation of a vaccine and more people infected.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\u201cI feel like the nightmare doesn\u2019t end.\
The prominent GOP fundraiser and CEO of Hewlett Packard Enterprise said \Donald Trump\u2019s demagoguery has undermined the fabric of our national character.\
Anybody who knows anything about nukes is unsettled by the idea of Trump having access to them.
\u201cThe candidate is in control of his campaign,\ Paul Manafort said.
Paul Manafort isn\u2019t quitting, but is said to be \u201cfrustrated.\u201d The RNC is distancing itself. Even Trump's kids seem powerless.
\I\u2019m amazed that veterans groups are so charmed by him.\u201d
\You had your chance. You escaped.\
Donald Trump and Paul Ryan are just dragging each other down, congressional Republicans say.
Undercover FBI agents were talking to Nicholas Young for years before he was arrested.
Sad!
Mitch McConnell justified poison pills in Zika legislation by saying \u201cno bills are completely clean,\u201d which is usually an
The court ruled that juries, not judges, should decide \whether a defendant should live or die.\
John McCain joined the growing chorus of unhappiness with Donald Trump's attacks on the Khan family.
She raised $8.7 million in the 24 hours after the final convention night.
And especially don't report surprising results you haven't seen.
Seven Native American voters filed the law suit, claiming measures passed by the Republican-led legislature were unconstitutional and violate the U.S. Voting Rights Act.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
A judge told the attorney to \be quiet\ and that she needed to learn \a lesson.\ But she fought back.
Bratton was appointed by Mayor Bill de Blasio in 2014.
The fraud allegations and Trump's racist attacks on the judge have been significant blemishes on Trump's campaign.
Pollsters see no evidence for a \shy Trump\ effect.
Donald Trump can't let sleeping dogs lie, at least not when there's a chance to malign their patriotism instead.
\u201cI don\u2019t have to be with you people ranting and raving.\u201d
\Don't touch me!\ Corey Lewandowski snapped on CNN.
But that doesn\u2019t mean the gains will last until November.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton's unpopularity is causing voters to turn to alternatives.
Borrowing money is a very good idea right now.
\u201cActually, I was only kidding, you can get the baby out of here,\ the GOP nominee said.
He asked top GOP leaders why they're still endorsing the real estate mogul.
Dakota Meyer, who received the Medal of Honor for valor in Afghanistan, said Trump should apologize.
Really.
Alongside Hillary Clinton, the billionaire vowed to help drive people to polls for the election.
The GOP nominee and a key adviser warn that the presidency will be stolen from him.
The Senate leader remembered the biggest moment of his political career and looked forward to his plan for retirement.
People are leaving flowers, flags, gifts and notes.
In a letter, the current vice presidential nominee acknowledged that government spending would yield economic benefits.
Let's break this down.
\How do you tolerate this disrespect?\ Catherine Byrne asked Mike Pence.
This summer's hot new authors are more than 200 years old.
Talk about throwing stones in glass houses...
\Donald Trump has not sacrificed for this country and he does not understand duty to any cause other than himself.\
This story was originally published by the Center for Public Integrity. While selling foreclosure-protection services from
Three top staffers are out.
Donald Trump \is unfit to serve our party and cannot lead this country,\ he says.
Hm. What is different? What could it be?
The New Jersey governor said the Khans have \the right to say whatever they want.\
The de facto leader of the Republican Party is refusing to back the highest-ranking U.S. Republican and a former presidential nominee.
He kicked a mom with a crying baby out of his rally.
Ed Brookover was appointed to serve as a liaison between the Trump campaign and the RNC.
In fact, he says all his bills are a little dirty.
Multiculturalism is a powerful concept.
\The Khan family is our family.\
Khizr Khan said the GOP nominee had a \black soul\ after his attacks on his family.
Most Americans say the RNC turned them against Donald Trump.
Donald Trump successfully pivoted to the general election by getting into a fight with a kindly old man and your local fire
Programs to develop a vaccine would have to be shelved, officials said.
For all the bipartisan support, the nation\u2019s highest level of government has yet to act.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
They're sick of the old stereotype that they're all oppressed.
And what better way to mark the occasion than lighting up?
Does Trump want his supporters to die in a fire?
But it\u2019s too early to tell if the gains will last.
\You are not just attacking us, you are cheapening the sacrifice made by those we lost.\u201d
\We will want a person at the head of the party that represents the progressive platform that the party adopted,\ said Clinton's campaign chair.
The man loves conspiracy theories, after all.
Cash knows no party.
Time to evolve.
Defending Roger Ailes, the GOP candidate gave the saddest response to the sexual harassment scandal the former Fox News CEO is facing.
What will it take for them to ditch him completely?
\The profound disrespect Mr. Trump has shown toward Gold Star parents is a new low.\
Are you listening, Donald Trump?
\u201cIt is time for Donald Trump to set the example for our country and the future of the Republican Party.\
The man whose son sacrificed his life serving the U.S. military is facing accusations that he's tied to the Muslim Brotherhood.
GOP lawmakers have widely condemned his remarks.
He's old in age but not at heart.
Keep your enemies close.
She said her rival's remarks raise national security questions.
This is, he says, \a commander in chief who would have us do illegal things.\
Wait a couple of weeks for the polls to settle before assessing the state of the race.
Paging Donald Trump.
Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan both denounced Trump's Islamophobia without mentioning his name.
\He\u2019s not going into Ukraine,\ he says of Putin. Spoiler alert
I would prefer to run against any Republican in the country other than Trump.
Last Thursday, as the nation sat entertained by the antics of politicians and celebrities at the Democratic National Convention
The Republican party is leaving me behind.
To all of those who insist on NeverHillary
And Gregory the Grumpy is high maintenance. Coretta the Cautious is shy and reticent to participate in new activities. He
I don\u2019t think enough ink has been spilled about Chelsea Clinton\u2019s impressive, poised and powerfully persuasive speech at
\Without saying a thing, all the world, all America, felt my pain. I am a Gold Star mother. Whoever saw me felt me in their heart.\
\The world is receiving us like we have never seen. They have seen the blackness of his character, of his soul.\u201d
The pro-Russia change was the only party platform tweak the Trump camp cared about, sources say.
Bullies will always exist somewhere, but the White House should not be that somewhere.
Additionally, don't try to make me feel bad or undermine my intelligence because I appreciate the historical significance of Hillary's nomination from a feminist perspective.
Hillary may not be your candidate of choice. She may even espouse positions you find morally reprehensible. Her nomination may evidence for you all the gross aspects of a two-party political system in the U.S.A. But her presidency is the singular path forward.

Now, as Sanders both stood aside and vowed to continue to fight for pocketbook issues, the power of electing the first woman president could start to command the excitement that it hasn't quite had until now.
Trump didn't publicly drop Scalia's name at the convention solely because he considered him the judge with the right stuff. It was the one person that he knew, above all others, was considered a demigod among party ultra-conservatives, pro-lifers and evangelicals.
Is Hillary part of the Establishment?  Yes.  Do I want to change that Establishment?  Yes.  Is she my best bet to make progress in that direction in this Real Time, Real Place, Real World?  Yes.
He also vowed \no more Mr. Nice Guy.\ So be ready.
At the Democratic Convention in Philadelphia, party infighting took a back seat to partying.
\This guy is running his entire campaign based on bigotry.\
Just when you thought he couldn't sink any lower.
Khizr Khan, who denounced Trump at the Democratic Convention, said \an ethical, moral stand has to be taken, regardless of the political costs.\
I generally write about prediction markets or, aggregation of polls and fundamental data, but since we have been running
Balser, who has been a member of the American Jewish Congress, the Jewish Alliance for Law and Social Action, the Jewish
I don\u2019t care that we have a female presidential nominee; I simply want a nominee I believe in.
It\u2019s time to stop making this Trump thing okay on any level.
The Republican nominee tried to deflect Khizr Khan's historic DNC speech.
Retired Navy Adm. James Stavridis says sleep is a key strategy.
He boasted that he spends millions on ramps for people with disabilities, despite this being a legal requirement.

Khan's speech showcased a powerful way to tell the story of Muslims in America, with examples of their contributions to and sacrifices for our country--and language that reminds people we're all on the same team.
The two conventions established that just as the primary season has been raucous and contentious, the general election promises more of the same. It will be an election like no other.


Given a binary choice between two of the most disliked (per the polls) major-party candidates this side of Zimbabwe, what is one to do? Voting against one just gives a bigger mandate to the other.
Trump certainly has assets as well, primarily his ability to cultivate dissatisfaction with America's current direction. But in terms of getting actual votes on November 8, his strengths do not compare with those of Clinton. She will win.


Feeling such love and gratitude for one's country is one thing. Insisting on declaring our being superior to everyone else is quote another.
A committee that raises money for Democratic candidates for the U.S. House of Representatives confirmed it had been hacked, a cyber intrusion that may be linked to Russian hackers.
Hillary Clinton accepts the nomination and breaks yet another glass ceiling.
The laws have been decried as tactics to disenfranchise minorities.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The ousted Democratic National Committee chair got a hero's welcome from supporters gathered near the party convention.
\u201cPeople are watching this, people are engaged,\ said one congressman. \We\u2019ve got to do our part.\u201d
They left for a seven-week break without passing funding to deal with the crisis. Now what?
\u201cThe families of Flint will not be forgotten,\u201d the state's attorney general said.
But some progressives are worried the Democratic Party sees a more fiscally conservative pitch as its ticket to the White House.
Russian spies are reportedly suspected to be responsible for the attack.
\Donald, you\u2019re so vain. You probably think this speech is about you.\
\u201cWhen I hear Hillary\u2019s voice and her positions, I hear and I know that she is working to embrace our deepest moral values \u2015 and we should embrace her.\
It's about damn time.
Everyone, stop doing this.
They made their voices heard at the convention.
Work!
He'll guest star on the show to support a very important cause.
\Forget competence, intelligence and experience, it's f**king pins that matter.\
Still, they dodged the most controversial issues.
But those who watched Donald Trump\u2019s liked his, too.
Yet he's serving on a ticket with a man who delights in name calling and has insulted hundreds of people.
PHILADELPHIA \u2015 Hillary Clinton has a reputation for being hardworking, over-disciplined and a bit stiff. But her daughter
They just crowdfunded delegates traveling to the convention.
Behind the scenes at the Democratic National Convention.
The Senate minority leader has an explanation for why Trump is hiding his tax returns.
Defeating the demagogic billionaire won\u2019t be as easy. Here\u2019s the Clinton strategic checklist for the campaign's final months.
Hillary Clinton\u2019s was better, but Trump\u2019s made him look more normal, which he badly needed.
\u201cTo really eradicate terrorism is to join hands, not build walls and exclude each other,\ Khizr Khan said.
The responding officer shot health worker Charles Kinsey while he attended to a patient.
The network -- which usually jumps at the chance to extol the virtues of American patriotism and sacrifice --cut to commercials.
You have to see this video.
The hack of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee may be related to an intrusion at the DNC, where Russia is suspected.
\ud83e\udd14
Toomas Hendrik Ilves is not one to be messed with.
Welcome to Shondaland, Hillary.
Clinton is ahead of Trump by about one point without Johnson, but less than half a point when he\u2019s included.
\u201cIt\u2019s been a very hard old boys network to crack.\
And don't miss Biden's speech either.
She remembers her mom voting for the first time.
History.
The national debut of Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine was a particular hit with the crowd.
The watchlist disproportionately affects Muslim Americans.
She is set to introduce her mother, Hillary Clinton, at the convention Thursday night.
Sanders' supporters make clear they expect attention through November.
Last month's Supreme Court decision against Texas abortion restrictions won't end a four-decade battle.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\u201cIf you told me a year ago that I would be speaking at the DNC, I would never have believed you.\
He won't take a bullet for President Obama on this one.
\She\u2019s the commander in chief. She makes the decisions.\u201d
It's Hillary Clinton's night.
It appears the Trump heir mistakenly assumed he was the first person to use this line.
First World problems plague the Democratic National Convention.
Democratic vice presidential candidate was wearing a Blue Star lapel pin.
Get your tissues ready.
Optimism versus pessimism. Hope versus despair. Light versus dark.
\Respect came from what you did and not who your daddy was.\
Not so long ago, Democrats were afraid to push guns as a campaign issue.
A sizable number of them just aren't with her.
A really touching moment.
\This isn't a normal political story, and it's not funny.\
\I'm about as interested at doing that as seeing if I could flip backwards out the window\ he said.
The vice president warns Donald Trump will weaken American security and turn off allies.
For the first time, the party platform address the school-to-prison pipeline.
WASHINGTON, July 27 (Reuters) - WikiLeaks released files on Wednesday of what it said were audio recordings pulled from the
His mockery of Trump's signature appeal to \believe me\ came complete with a bad Queens accent.
Ilyse Hogue dubs Trump-Pence the \Make Misogyny Great Again\ ticket.
Tell the Trump-Pence campaign which one they should adopt.
\u201cTogether, we can fight for that change. Together, we can heal. Together, we can love.\u201d
Despite backlash, the Hawaii delegate says she has no regrets.
It's not just about voting for a president, he said.
Corporations, influencers and super PACs were out in full force this week.
A meme is born.
\They wanted us to know they were Russian.\u201d
\u201cSpeaking is difficult for me,\ Giffords said. \But come January, I want to say these two words
We were promised something \SO HUGE\ and were disappointed.
California's lieutenant governor has built his career on supporting the LGBT community.
California's lieutenant governor fully supports legalizing recreational pot.
Manning is imprisoned for leaking classified documents to Wikileaks.
Not being Donald Trump isn\u2019t cutting it for everyone.
He wove together a speech about Hillary Clinton's qualifications alongside the tale of their love story.
The former president's DNC speech missed an opportunity.
The speech will focus \u201con how Secretary Clinton has the judgment, the toughness and the intellect to succeed him in the Oval Office.\u201d
\We\u2019re not as few as people think we are.\u201d
\They say they believe in 'Country First.' What a joke.\
The Libertarian candidate is averaging nearly 9 percent nationally.
Her failure as first lady made success possible 12 years later.
It was one line, but it shows how far the party has come on the subject.
For people accustomed to \really healthy granola,\ the nominating convention is white bread.
He's spoken at nearly every convention since 1980, when he was governor of Arkansas.
She always wants to move the ball forward, that is just who she is.\u201d
Americans have become more willing to vote for a woman president over time.
The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee is talking to him about what he can do.
Prosecutor Marilyn Mosby's quick action has earned her significant support in the majority black city of 620,000 people, legal experts and civil-rights activists said.
It's time to stop avoiding the A-word like it's an A-bomb.
It's time to ask the tough questions.
Donald Trump asked Russia for help locating Hillary Clinton\u2019s emails, though we\u2019d swear he was going to enlist Dog the Bounty
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Still, the justices ruled in favor of the DA office's ability to disqualify the judge.
\Donald's not making America great again. He's making America hate again.\
At least one has dared to call it \treason.\
Obama's records will reside in a Chicago park.
Federal politicians are less likely to win re-election after sex scandals than they were in the 1990s.
Some say they won't vote for Hillary Clinton -- and won't take the blame if Donald Trump wins.
\We can and must do better.\
Classic.
They continue to protest what they say was a rigged primary process.
Her shirt was pulled from Walmart in 1995 because it offended \family values.\
The crew of Alaska Juris issued a distress alert to the Coast Guard and put on survival suits before leaving their ship.
\u201cThis is the fight that she will continue \u2015 when we make history by electing her as the 45th president of the United States.\
You might want to stop making fun of him now.
It's also about defending his own legacy.
The former president spoke on the night of his wife's historic nomination.
His latest macho brag could be dangerous, experts say.
A short film will highlight the critical issue.
But that was just the 10th craziest thing Donald Trump said at a Wednesday press conference.
A few even said that a Hillary Clinton presidency would be \more dangerous\ than four years of The Donald.
\This election is about climate change, the greatest environmental crisis facing our planet,\ Sen. Bernie Sanders said.
But Michelle Obama stole the show.
(Not that you ever would, of course)
\u201cWhen we turn on each other, bankers can run our economy from Wall Street and giant corporations can send our last jobs overseas.\u201d
She pledges to \u201cbring us together\u201d when Americans distrust each other more than ever.
But getting them to vote without Sanders on the ballot might be a challenge.
Former President Bill Clinton is slated to speak.
Sanders was the last speaker on the first night of the event.
The real estate mogul, who has a documented history of sexism and misogyny, added
The Trans-Pacific Partnership was suddenly on everybody's lips.
The last time a woman delivered the keynote was in 1992.
A Planned Parenthood staffer said the decision to drop prosecution was \on a technicality.\
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The DNC crowd went wild during the first lady's blockbuster speech.
Oops!
At the Democratic National Convention, Sanders said he would do \everything\ he could to make sure Clinton becomes president.
Stirring speech draws praise from across the political spectrum.
Clinton's unpopularity is a big problem and her email controversy helps recycle a quarter-century of anti-Clinton drama.
Democrats played all their progressive cards on Monday night.
He said he wouldn't pay the hotel where he was speaking because it was too warm inside.
Both inside and outside the DNC, calls for her resignation had been growing for months.
Marcos Daniel Jim\u00e9nez isn't buying Trump's \law and order\ act.
The House minority leader joins Tim Kaine in uniting the Democratic ticket against the Trans Pacific Partnership.
Hillary is making history and bringing her husband along for the ride.
\The Ku Klux Klan thinks Donald Trump would be an awesome president.\
The Donald felt the Bern!
Sanders delegates have been booing the idea of party unity throughout the Democratic National Convention.
\u201cI think it unwound a lot of the work we\u2019ve done to tie our campaigns\
\u201cI wanted kids who could be critical thinkers. They just want kids who can work at Walmart and the other big corporations that give them money.\u201d
\u201cIt was very painful for all.\
She claims the senator's campaign \lost because of a rigged system.\u201d
\They would be immensely proud of their son and his accomplishments,\ Larry Sanders said.
\I fear the day when we elect a president who defines being an American in the narrowest possible terms,\u201d said Anastasia Somoza.
Experts fear Russia was involved in the Wikileaks DNC email dump.
But yeah, they don't really know why.
Play ICIJ's new game and see if you can uncover Africa\u2019s offshore empires
Greetings from the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, where all of your Tim Kaine hot takes have literally driven
Bill Bratton has called the Black Lives Matter movement a \leaderless crusade.\
Don\u2019t panic or get excited. Vote preference will be erratic for a couple of weeks.
\That\u2019s what Donald Trump wants,\ the Vermont senator told supporters.
In a leaked email, staffers proposed playing up rumors Sanders is an atheist.
Ouch.
\u201cA compromise of this nature is something we take very seriously, and the FBI will continue to investigate and hold accountable those who pose a threat in cyberspace,\u201d the FBI said in a statement.
On the opening day of the Democratic National Convention, a lot of intra-party conflict was on display.
Low turnout of Hispanic voters would likely hurt Hillary Clinton.
\People working for Bernie Sanders wouldn\u2019t like all of their emails released tomorrow.\u201d
The initial tests were likely false positives, officials said.
Donald Trump lost support after the convention among white college-educated voters.
The GOP nominee tried to use Democrats' email scandal to drive a deeper wedge between Clinton and Sanders supporters.
It doesn't necessarily mean they like Clinton, though.
Other speakers Monday night will include Sen. Cory Booker (D-N.J.), first lady Michelle Obama and Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.).
The outgoing party chair is on her own, the head of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee said.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren is the keynote speaker for Monday night.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
But he's still skipping the Democratic National Convention.
Oakland's law targets pregnancy clinics that obscure an anti-abortion agenda.
Sanders supporters booed every mention of Hillary Clinton or Tim Kaine.
Brazile said the emails \u201cdo not reflect the spirit of the party.\u201d
The Panama Papers show politicians and mining, oil and gas interests benefit from secrecy and dubious multimillion dollar transfers
\The notion that the Trump team could request intel briefings on Russia when they clearly have close ties is horrifying,\ said one former intelligence official.
\I seem to be the only unifying theme that they had.\
Can she unite the party\u2019s opposing sides?
\u201cOn his worst, worst, worst day, Tim Kaine is 100 times better than Donald Trump will ever be.\u201d
The president also criticized the Republican nominee's remarks on NATO.
Donald Trump\u2019s dark and frightening speech at the Republican National Convention on Thursday had pundits and historians making
\u201cA lot of people are thinking he's going to run my campaign,\ the GOP nominee said.
But the Republican presidential nominee doesn't offer many specifics.
The Sanders campaign is celebrating the commission's creation.
Add it to the list.
Everyone knew Debbie Wasserman Schultz was on her way out as DNC chair, but replacing her with Donna Brazile isn't much of a change.
They could be unstable and change quickly following the Democratic convention.
The Vermont senator soon got his wish.
A \u201cunity commission\u201d proposal will strip two-thirds of superdelegates of their power to vote independently.
It looks like the end has arrived for Democratic Party Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Shultz, as CNN reports that she is under
[UPDATE 7/24/16 at 6:03 PM
The billionaire decided against running for president himself earlier this year.
\u201cHell no, DNC, we won\u2019t vote for Hillary.\
The Florida congresswoman had faced calls to resign for months, after Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and his supporters accused her of rigging the Democratic primaries against him.

Because Hillary needs to win the general election support of Sanders voters, the Clinton team allowed the Bernie supporters to write much of the Democratic Platform.\u00a0 The result was a progressive victory.
This week the nation came one step closer to giving itself over to the most dangerous and unstable potential leader in U.S. history, as Donald Trump \humbly\ accepted the Republican presidential nomination - so humbly, in fact, that he went on to claim that \I alone can fix\ America. It capped a week of nightly disarray - with Trump more than living up to the \chaos candidate\ title given to him by Jeb Bush. But what shone through the most in his endless and largely shouted speech was fear - fear of immigrants, fear of diversity, fear of the nation America has become. The key refrain was \again,\ with Trump promising to make America \strong again,\ \proud again,\ \safe again.\ Never mind that America is actually, for instance, very safe - despite recent upticks, crime is still at historic lows. Trump the builder was building a sinister vision of a lost Eden, one that's been taken away by the scary, dangerous Other. And his calls for unity were unity by removal of the other. Trump has rebranded America as a dark, hostile, pessimistic, fearful place. And he only wins by building that place in our minds. But, to paraphrase FDR, we have nothing to fear but the manipulation and cynical nurturing of fear. Trump is, in essence, shorting America. That's his bet. And that's the bet we must reject - not only at the polls but in our minds and hearts.
And the reasons why may not be good for America.
She said there's \no doubt\ the senator is qualified to be vice president.
Donald Trump's message of safety leaves out people in the 12-year-old's community.
\I'm hopeful.\
Plaintiffs claim they were defrauded by Trump's real estate seminars.
Oops!
Warren credited Obama with signing into law the \strongest consumer protections in generations.\
They lost in the rules committee, but they'll get another shot on the convention floor.
But he can't stop Duke from piggybacking on the Donald Trump campaign.
She just pointlessly poked them in the eye.
He is personally opposed to the death penalty, but oversaw 11 executions as Virginia's governor.
The Virginia senator and former civil rights lawyer is seen as a polite attack dog who can appeal to voters across political and demographic spectrums.
Warren won't stop going after Trump anytime soon.
He is a tried and true leader that has represented Virginia at every level.
John Burton is the chair of the California Democratic Party, and he has over three decades of experience working in the California
Looks like Sanders supporters weren't just being paranoid after all.
Oops.
On July 22, 2016 WikiLeaks released around 20,000 emails apparently from top DNC officials, illustrating that Democratic
No political victory can change the difficult fact of being stuck here together, which is why we have politics in the first place.
In a very real way, while seeing this man elected President of the United States should, and does, strike fear in the hearts of millions, even his defeat could create enduring problems for American democracy.

Satisfaction is at its lowest since the government shutdown in 2013.
And it has nothing to do with him.
Kaine is viewed as a safer choice, and not a favorite among progressives.
She praised the GOP senator for refusing to endorse Donald Trump.
Canvassers are finding enthusiasm for anti-Trump pledges, but not always for the Republican's main opponent.
The senator refused to endorse Trump during his speech at the Republican National Convention earlier this week.
He also warned that new immigrants could 'overwhelm' schools and hospitals.
The court said an order issued by Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe in April is unconstitutional.
Milestones and mayhem have reigned during the 184 years of the party gatherings.
His convention speech was all doom and gloom on immigration.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\u201cThe contaminated well has been identified and shut down.\
As he accepted to Republican nomination.
The Republican National Committee chairman addressed delegates at the GOP convention.
\u201cWe need a leader who will protect our border and enforce our laws,\u201d he told the Republican National Convention.
This NYPD cop and his partner drove a possible bomb out of Times Square.
\You're playing the Pokemon thing right there, aren't you?\
\This is not satire.\
Donald Trump has prompted lifelong Republicans to mourn their own party.
Good luck.
The president called out the GOP nominee's fear-mongering.
The only thing Republicans share is a common enemy.
\u201cPolicies that allow women with children to thrive should be the norm.\u201d
Sanders had some strong thoughts on what The Donald had to say.
The American experiment is going great, thanks.
Feeling lucky?
The overwhelming sentiment in the arena during Trump\u2019s speech Thursday night was still a triumphant one.
What else would you expect at a Trump rally?
Developer-turned-reality TV star accepts Republican presidential nomination
The Republican nominee has given no indication he wants to change laws the way his daughter said.
It's the movie that wasn't shown at the RNC.
\He is one dangerous man and we need to take him seriously.\
Gov. Bruce Rauner called half of Chicago teachers \virtually illiterate\ in 2011.
Trump is promising a triumph of his own will in the name of the people.
That's gotta sting.
RIP GOP
\I don\u2019t pretend to agree with every plank in our party\u2019s platform. But fake culture wars only distract us from our economic decline,\ the billionaire said.
The GOP nominee talked about America's \dangerous environment.\
The GOP nominee promised \no lies,\ but twists facts on taxes, crime, foreign affairs and more.
The \eco-right\ is struggling to figure out its place in Donald Trump's Republican Party.
The GOP nominee is spelling out a massive role for the federal government in local policing.
His 76-minute speech Thursday was one for the history books.
A new law exempts feminine hygiene products from sales taxes.
When it comes to the RNC's song selection, it's not all right.
He got YUGE numbers... in all the wrong ways.
\So much could be corrected in the world if girls were educated and had power over their lives.\
Donald Trump is set to accept the Republican presidential nomination this evening, though whether he does it to the sax solo
Unity.
But that isn't necessarily a good thing.
Even Republicans are more likely to feel worse than better about their party.
They're calling him \awful\ and \selfish.\
And calls Cruz \u201can odious, greasy figure who doesn\u2019t have any of Reagan\u2019s warmth or likeability.\
\You don\u2019t see the type of very visible, proud arm around the shoulder that corporations have traditionally done at these conventions,\ one observer said.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
He was booed off the stage.
The speech highlighted his normalcy -- a rare quality on the Trump campaign.
From a balance of $1.3 million to $20 million in one month.
Some want her behind bars, but aren't sure exactly how. Or why.
His RNC speech left out all the hard work the party has done to curtail minority and LGBT rights.
A producer of the famous festival urged the party to adopt \Woodstock values\ as well.
He doesn't say, \Lock her up.\ He just mentions prison.
Scared of a third-party run, the GOP instead wound up with Trump as nominee.
Plagiarism, satanism, public trials and now, a radical show of dissent.
He's led the war on abortion rights and gay rights for half a decade.
Post-convention bumps have been smaller in recent years.
It's the convention's final night, when Donald Trump will officially accept the Republican presidential nomination.
GOP delegates have (some) answers.
Cruz said Trump's attacks on his wife and father kept him from endorsing.
Even the Grand Canyon wasn't far enough away from Cleveland for the Arizonan to avoid Trump supporters.
The prepared text of her speech said Trump \will make America first again,\ but she didn't say it.
The angry chant continues.
Some conservative Latinos are voting against Clinton rather than for Trump.
Hamm would add to Trump's roster of fossil fuel advocates.
Let the 2020 speculation ramp up.
The issue hasn't been addressed at the party's convention in Cleveland.
She's real!
Why has genitalia come up so many times during this campaign?
Democrats will argue that Donald Trump doesn\u2019t have the knowledge, focus or temperament to handle the job of president.
A Langley profile has often come with something reminiscent of the curse of the Sports Illustrated cover.
But no, Trump never settles.
Trump Jr.'s speechwriter wrote the column where the passage originated.
He got the nomination, but election forecasts indicate he has a lot of work to do.
The Democratic congressman was 49.
Reince Priebus is apparently over \u201cthe button-down, Boy Scout approach.\
Donald Trump said he picked the Indiana governor for \party unity.\
\You picked a fight with the wrong state.\
Even though 721 delegates voted for someone else.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
But hey, at least the guy is a Republican.
Hillary Clinton appears closer to selecting Tim Kaine or Tom Vilsack as her number-two, meaning DNC organizers are going
The chants were among the loudest moments of the night.
\Our nation grieves alongside you.\
The NRA's Chris Cox raised fears of a gunless America, but Hillary Clinton has never said she'd take away guns.
\I just think that it\u2019s a sad day for the Republican party.\
The House speaker slammed Democrats while carefully dodging the most troubling issues with Donald Trump and Republicans.
\u201cHe may or may not endorse a candidate over the coming months.\
Ethics watchdogs suggest that's another oops for the Trump campaign.
Mike who?
The choice shows he'd want to work closely with Congress' most conservative members.
Nothing matters.
Mike Pence, Scott Walker and Ted Cruz are set to speak Wednesday evening.
\He\u2019s made it OK for people like me, Middle America, single moms, to speak their minds.\
Paul Manafort would really like it if the media could just \move on\ and let him lie.
\u201cThat was pretty well-orchestrated!\u201d Cruz remarked.
A new poll shows that Americans aren't convinced the movement has had an impact on soothing racial tensions.
\Angry White Man,\ anyone?
Donald Trump would be proud of these entrepreneurs.
Officers so far appear to be trying to avoid making arrests.
\u201cAs you know from his other career, Donald likes to fire people.\u201d
Everyone wants to know what Ted Cruz will say at the convention. Let's take a trip down Memory Lane!
She conveyed \grace\ and doesn't deserve attacks over plagiarism, said the former Democratic congressman.
The city has a plan. Will it work?
But the Ohio governor just keeps criticizing his party's nominee.
Did he forget who he is?
Christie said \u201cevery region of the world has been infected with her flawed judgment.\
Corey Lewandowski offers some masterful trolling in response to the controversy surrounding Melania Trump's convention speech.
The location was announced way before he launched his presidential campaign.
Parts of her GOP convention speech sounded an awful like Michelle Obama's from 2008.
Monday night's keynote speaker is Melania Trump.
Police say they only arrested one person on Monday.
Campaign chairman Paul Manafort blamed the media and Hillary Clinton for the uproar over Melania's speech.
It\u2019s hard to describe just how poorly the Republican Party is handling Melania Trump\u2019s plagiarism, but the time Ashlee
They truly believe he will \make America great again.\
Not every vendor is a true Trump fan.
Some law enforcement leaders say municipalities should have the power to suspend open-carry laws to protect public safety.
It's just overshadowed all the other weirdness.
He switched it up to focus on Benghazi.
#NEVERMICHELLE
Speakers twisted the facts on immigration, crime, Benghazi and employment.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Trump backers surrounded a delegate in a bathroom and said she \should die.\
It's not just about trade and vanishing factory jobs.
The proposal could increase the cost of liberal arts degrees.
Rep. Steve King doesn\u2019t get why everyone is so mad at him.
He's endorsed him, but that doesn't mean he's much of a fan.
Most Republicans changed their minds about which candidate to support at least once in the primary season.
A somber moment is turned into an applause line.
No turning back now.
House Speaker Paul Ryan is set to take the stage.
Harris is running against another Democrat, Rep. Loretta Sanchez.
You can't do it, Tommy Thompson said, and you shouldn't try.
A mother of two had to resort to stripping to raise enough money to end her pregnancy in Cleveland, where Republicans are holding their convention.
Even with appearances by pop stars, the first night of the convention mostly dwelled on fear and disaster.
Her Donald Trump sounds nicer.
But what would Princess Celestia say about all this?
When will the 43rd president return to his party's main stage?
The suspect is in custody.
\We had a Muslim president for seven and a half years.\
Russian influence on the Trump campaign is starting to have a real impact.
The municipal court has set up a system that can process up to 1,000 people each day.
The GOP confab is off to an interesting start.
Headed into the convention, the party looks divided.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
This is what the dismantling of the Voting Rights Act looks like.
They want Mitt Romney to ride in on a white horse and rescue them.
Over 140,000 people signed a petition accusing the movement of using \violence and intimidation in pursuit of political aims.\
Is this Sarah Palin, circa 2008, all over again?
Things are getting interesting.
Republicans are gathering in the Quicken Loans Arena to nominate Donald Trump, which is appropriate as both Quicken Loans
It was \obviously\ the hope of a \mischievous liberal\ at the studio, he wrote.
It's the least we can do.
Attention, former supporters of Bernie Sanders...
His comments come as Donald Trump suggested the president did not back the police.
\u201cOur enemy is not other Republicans, but is Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party.\u201d
He's trying to divide Democrats by going to the left of Hillary Clinton.
Paul Manafort says this is no time for \u201chappy talk.\
Did Trump vet this guy?
Let us count the ways.
By steamrolling their foes, Team Trump show they really don't care about the party at all.
\u201cI just had to get this out of my head so I could sleep better,\u201d Hampton Creek CEO Josh Tetrick said.
Epic fail.
Three more officers were injured.
Mike Pence initially claimed there was little evidence the law would be effective.
Donald Trump's proposal is hugely unpopular with people in both countries.
A new filing seeks a rehearing on Obama's executive actions \before a full\ bench of nine justices.
The party has produced no evidence to back up the claim.
\You just look at the body language and there\u2019s something going on,\ the presumptive GOP nominee said.
Former New Hampshire Sen. Gordon Humphrey tried to derail his party's nominee with a desperate vote on rules.
A Donald Trump nomination paints Republicans even further into a demographic corner.
Three new national surveys give her a small but solid edge over Donald Trump.
The GOP convention kicks off on Monday.
The head of the police union is concerned about safety after the shooting of six police officers in Louisiana.
A new poll shows their antipathy toward Donald Trump spreading to the rest of the party.
Trump embellished statistics about his running mate's economic achievements as Indiana's governor.
At one point, Trump bragged that he didn't need Pence's help, and Pence insisted he was fine with Trump's negative campaigning.
In swing counties in a swing state, they like Trump and Mike Pence. But it is an America that is fading.  Can it put Trump over the top?
This year's Netroots Nation felt like one long lightbulb joke.
There's Kaine pain at a major progressive gathering.
\There is no justification for violence against law enforcement. None.\
The president begs everyone to calm the divisive rhetoric, knowing that the GOP standard-bearer can't and won't.
The presumptive GOP nominee loves to make a huge splash in the news, but his VP announcement failed to deliver.
It's the fourth shooting in just two weeks that the president has had to publicly address.
Trump's campaign may or may not have gotten the memo.
Having a president afflicted with mental diarrhea is not okay.
What is a terror attack to today\u2019s media?
My second stop on the road to Philadelphia was San Francisco. A town synonymous with revolution and liberal ideals. A place
Nomination battles used to be fierce and often resulted in convention surprises.
If racism doesn\u2019t directly affect us, then it doesn\u2019t even register on our radar.

This was a week of tragedy and chaos, with the world looking on in horror as a truck-driving terrorist plowed through a crowd celebrating Bastille Day in Nice, killing 84 people and injuring more than 200. The next evening, factions in the Turkish military attempted a coup against President Erdogan. Meanwhile, Donald Trump postponed his Friday announcement of running mate Mike Pence because, according to campaign manager Paul Manafort, Trump \reacted emotionally\ to the Nice attack. There were also reports that, as of late Thursday night, Trump was making calls to see if he could reverse his choice of Pence (a man who wrote that \global warming is a myth,\ smoking \doesn't kill\ and apparently doesn't believe in evolution). Uncertain and unsteady times call for steady and clear-eyed leadership -- not emotionally driven, ad hoc improvising and posturing. On the eve of the Republican Convention, we don't need to know whether Tim Tebow will or will not end up speaking to know that Donald Trump is dangerously unfit to lead the country that leads the world.
Congressional Democrats propose making it easier to vote, not harder.
Is it really $51 million?
He now apparently believes \u201cwe\u2019ve got to find out what\u2019s going on.\
The amendment is part of a series of proposals to increase transparency in campaign funding.
The \Daily Show\ host points out that talking about problems isn't the same thing as causing them.
A wealthy hospital executive tried to hide a contribution through an LLC.
It took him nearly half an hour to even bring Pence onstage.
That didn\u2019t take long.
As governor of Indiana, he also worked to block wage increases.
Convention locations and favorite son or daughter vice-presidential candidates do not matter. Shouldn't advisors and pundits stop making political decisions based on myths and start making them on what matters -- the amenities of the host city and the qualifications of the running mate to serve as vice-president, and, if disaster strikes, as president of the United States?
His candidacy is based on the premise that he is beholden to no one and that he is a powerful person capable of imposing his will through sheer force of personality. This is nothing more than theater.
Donald Trump's failure to select a woman as his running mate is more evidence that his party is out of step with voters. At a time when Americans are wrestling with deep divisions of all kinds,, 51 percent of the population has just been foolishly ignored.
The Trump campaign needs a theme song designed to address three major challenges that the candidate will face this fall
There are competing dynamics currently driving and dividing American politics and both will be on display over the next two weeks when Republicans and Democrats gather for their quadrennial conventions in Cleveland and Philadelphia.
\u201cThe documents are coming today.\u201d
Despite all of your Pokemon Go jokes, the Turkish military still launched a coup today. Donald Trump announced that he has
Yes, this is something we really have to think about.
Well, this is awkward.
We don't blame her.
Voters think Hillary Clinton and the Democrats would do better on health care.
Yes. Already.
The Democratic candidate has solid polling leads in Colorado, Virginia and North Carolina. Florida is less clear.
It's the anti-establishment, politically incorrect hootenanny Donald Trump has promised from the beginning.
RNC Convention Rules Committee throttles effort to deny Trump the nomination.
The official word came a day after media reports that Trump was choosing him.
84 are dead, and over 50 children are injured.
Reid Ribble and his gang are going where few Republicans have dared.
Pence's Indiana leaves plenty for women, minorities and labor unions to be angry about.
Their replies were all over the place.
Lt. General Michael Flynn called for Ayatollah Khomeini, who died in 1989, to condemn the attack.
Hours after the French attack, he said the U.S. should deport Sharia followers.
The personal relationship between Secretary of State John Kerry and his Iranian counterpart has allowed for an informal detente. And it's about to end.
\We know that the character of the French Republic will endure long after this devastating and tragic loss of life.\
This complicates things for Donald Trump.
They'll be holding a counter-convention.
The Virginian could help Clinton win a battleground state in the Nov. 8 race against Republican Donald Trump.
CLEVELAND \u2014 A night highlighting the tragedy in Benghazi, Libya.
Mike Pence also once vowed to vote for Ted Cruz over Trump. Oops.
CIA Director John Brennan said on Wednesday he would resign if the next president ordered his agency to resume waterboarding
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
A new poll shows the presumptive GOP nominee performs abysmally among a key portion of the voting electorate. Sad!
Health care is a major issue for the Democratic Party's platform.
The House and Senate will adjourn this week without having acted on aid for the Michigan city that still has undrinkable water.
Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) is the only Hispanic speaker scheduled so far.
It does not contain many celebrities or members of Congress.
But they still find her more prepared to be president than Donald Trump.
The president said he will sign the bill, but he has reservations about its lack of funding.
We usually ask voters which candidate they plan to cast a ballot for. But asking which one they think will win actually reveals more.
Rabbi Emeritus Haskel Lookstein apparently isn't bothered by Trump's popularity among neo-Nazis.
We\u2019re not sure what\u2019s worse, the media circus surrounding Donald Trump\u2019s VP selection, or that Hillary Clinton upended it
She also went after Donald Trump for his anti-Latino comments.
Mike Pence is no great prize, but Trump\u2019s family and advisors tell the GOP nominee he doesn\u2019t need a second attack dog to win.
It is literally the Senate's job to confirm judges.
A source close to the campaign said Trump is leaning toward Pence but could easily change his mind.
Rep. Lamar Smith claims those probes are trying to \silence free speech.\
A cartoon for The Huffington Post by Mike Shapiro.
The measure wipes out a Vermont law that made clear labels mandatory.
Tim Scott spoke about the lack of trust between the black community and police for a third time this week.
More than 3,600 people in the U.S. and its territories have already been diagnosed with the disease.
He is probably Donald Trump's pick for VP. It probably doesn't matter.
\We have listened to Donald Trump over the past year and we have concluded
It's not great news for either candidate.
It will be the first time the high court has squarely addressed these issues.
The Huffington Post investigates.
But then again, his knowledge of the Supreme Court and the Constitution is limited at best.
The Indiana governor brings nearly four years of executive experience to the ticket.
He once threatened to shut down the federal government over Planned Parenthood funding.
He then called into Fox News several times to discuss the attack and create more suspense about his running mate pick.
The Huffington Post gathered names, causes of death, dates of arrest and death, and other data for more than 800 people who died in jails and police lockups in the year following Sandra Bland\u2019s death on July 13, 2015.
Ginsburg recently called Trump \a faker.\
During the GOP convention.
Over the past year, there have been so many stories of violence and injustice in America, and even the most well-known deserve
Hillary Clinton\u2019s support has dropped in Florida, Ohio and Pennsylvania.
The judge said using the tracking device constituted an unreasonable search.
Senator Al Franken sent a letter to Pokemon Go\u2019s developer about privacy issues surrounding the game, the last phrase anyone
The GOP candidate is one of only a few to turn down the opportunity to speak.
\u201cYou\u2019re going to help elect Hillary Clinton.\
\As we leave the European Union we will forge a bold new positive role for ourselves in the world.\
Many of the numbers listed for his state offices don't even work.
An appeals court would not throw out the contempt order that put Davis in jail for refusing to issue marriage licenses.
\u201cUnfortunately, the Department is facing unwarranted criticism for doing its job,\u201d says a letter sent to the education secretary.
He wants to know what Congress is doing to keep guns out of the hands of veterans with mental health issues.
Dozens of events will protest Trump's \xenophobia, ableism and sexism.\
Elizabeth Warren has not been ruled out by the Clinton campaign.
An effort to replace the proposed GOP platform is in jeopardy after RNC staffers shut down a press conference.
The game has been a smash hit for Nintendo.
And Republicans are outpacing Democrats in a number of key states.
Look at what they did to Mitt Romney, he exclaims.
Trump was joined at the governor\u2019s residence for breakfast by his daughter Ivanka; son-in-law Jared Kushner; and sons Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Without mentioning Trump's name, the former president preached tolerance and civility at a memorial service for slain officers in Dallas. Everyone knew who he was talking about.
One motivator
The jail system is a human rights catastrophe that's unfolding slowly.
City officials aren't exactly rolling out the red carpet for Republicans.
In a rare move, the FEC takes action.
This is the same candidate who claimed to have \very thick skin.\
He handed out insect repellent to the attendees, probably doing more than some lawmakers to address the epidemic.
This is really happening.
Global demand for U.S. helicopters and other weapons remains strong, the Pentagon says.
GOP candidate also called the associate justice a \disgrace to the court.\
It's a gesture of unity from Clinton's team.
Hillary can't catch 'em all.
Congress is about to take a seven-week break without making progress on the issue.
Donald Trump is attacking Hillary Clinton these days, but eight years ago, in the midst of the 2008 Democratic primary race
People are playing Pokemon Go at Arlington National Cemetery, dishonoring all the drone operators who keep us free. Bernie
This media obsession is mostly performance art -- but with a dash of hopefulness.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\We will exercise our second amendment rights because there are other groups threatening to be there that are threatening to do harm to us.\u201d
Sen. Mitch McConnell says Democrats won't get what they want.
Obama said police and civilians could honor the five slain officers by empathizing with each other and rooting out institutional racism.
Language about sexual assault on college campuses puts the Republican party at odds with rape victim advocacy groups.
Some 6.4 million children rely on the benefits of a program that has traditionally served as a lifeline to retirees.
China has vowed to protect its maritime interests.
The real estate magnate hit back, calling Ginsburg's comments \highly inappropriate.\
Because apparently some Republicans think that's relevant to Clinton's email.
Unless they muster at least 28 votes in a key committee this week, they cannot deny Trump the nomination
But that\u2019s driven by Democrats and independents. Only about one-quarter of Republicans agree.
Lawmakers are calling out companies they say engaged in a \sophisticated and deceitful campaign\ to mislead the public.
\u201cCan you at the very least stand up for our right not to be killed?\ one delegate asked.
\u201cIn these stressful times for our country, this election must be about bringing our people together, not dividing us up,\u201d Sanders said.
A new law makes police dashcam and body camera videos off-limits to the public, except under certain conditions.
George W. Bush also spoke at the service.
A Pew Research Center study shows negative views extend beyond security considerations to economic concerns.
President Obama wants a public option, though it\u2019s a little late in the game for that, and he might have to settle for egging
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Delegates trying to deny Donald Trump the nomination at the GOP convention just got a boost.
And they're not psyched about corporate power.
Hundreds were arrested.
He also claimed Muammar Gaddafi and Saddam Hussein were better at killing terrorists than American presidents.
The campaign aims to convince the GOP to commit to defunding Planned Parenthood in its platform.
Ron Johnson said last year that presidents should fill vacancies within 210 days.
It has become a routine.
It didn't go swimmingly.
The new round of testing appears to be a response to activist pressure.
\The reality is, that\u2019s not going to happen. And people are going to be deeply frustrated and the divides will grow in our country.\u201d
Americans remain concerned about the \u201cextremely careless\u201d way in which she handled email as Secretary of State.
Some court observers are crying foul over her comments about the presumptive Republican presidential nominee.
Will other pro-Sanders unions follow suit?
Some also say the issue makes them worry about her decision-making if she becomes president.
The former Texas governor says  \a technological wall\ is more likely.
Our list of Trump's top intra-party irritants.
Talk about beating a dead horse.
And it's good news for Democrats.
The party of Lincoln contemplates how to take the reins from the party of Trump.
\When you have gunfire going on, you usually go with the person that's got a gun,\ Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings said.
The president will deliver remarks at an interfaith memorial service in honor of the victims.
\u201cThey are the ones that have to make the decision because they\u2019re the ones that are gonna decide to bring up that child or not.\u201d
\If we paint police in a broad brush...then we're going to lose allies in the reform cause.\
\u201cI approved it and would do it again if presented with same circumstances.\
U.S. political culture is in ruins, defined by the two least-liked presidential nominees in modern history.
The visit is Obama's first to Spain as president.
Trump has made some unusually conciliatory remarks after recent police killings.
These guys are at it again. They are going to investigate Comey's investigation to see if they can come up with some more dirt -- as if this presidential election isn't coarse enough.
While the media and political analysts are writing the obituary of the Republican Party and predicting Trump's inevitable loss in November, I'm keen on illuminating his rise and why he might be able to win.

Excessive use of force cases are hard to win. The law simply favors the police here and with other criminal and state tort liability issues for the misuse of force. Moreover, public fears of crime complicate matters.  So does racism, especially in situations with mostly white officers.

Expanding Social Security, while requiring the wealthiest to pay more -- indeed, their fair share -- is a solution to the nation's perilous and rising income and wealth inequality.  Expanding Social Security is a solution to the financial squeeze on working families.
\u201cAs Americans, we are wounded by all of these deaths. It\u2019s on all of us to stand up, to speak out about disparities in our criminal justice system.\
The GOP nominee is looking at what a military leader would bring to the ticket.
\u201cAs painful as this week has been, I firmly believe that America is not as divided as some have suggested.\
An indictment of the Boston media\u2019s failure to expose a federal prosecutor results in more of the same.
States were warned that they could lose federal funding if they required transgender people to use bathrooms corresponding to their biological sex.
Sanders gushes, saying the health care proposals \will save lives.\
We live in a world where Daily Banter writers are overjoyed a presumptive Democratic nominee isn\u2019t indicted or at risk of
Not including the incumbent, only twelve men have served as director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation since the job
The use of lethal force by police officers in Minnesota and Baton Rouge has once again sparked protests over the violent dynamic between citizens and the police.
Mr. Donald, there is a rumor going around that if you were elected President, you might not serve.
The Hon. Abner J. Mikva grew up in Milwaukee during the Depression. After serving as a navigator in World War II, he attended college and then entered the University of Chicago as a law student in 1948.
He's returning from Europe a day early.
Both released statements on the deaths of five officers in the Dallas shooting.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\This police department trained in de-escalation far before cities across America did it,\ said Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings.
It's an old story.
The bill would require food to carry labels listing genetically-modified ingredients.
And seemed to signal a certain female candidate may be a better choice.
A legal dream team is going to work. Dun dun dun.
Rep. Chellie Pingree is heading the legislative fight against food waste.
And Chairman Trey Gowdy is still pondering a perjury investigation of Hillary Clinton.
The lockdown was lifted after half an hour.
The conservative radio host is endorsing Loretta Sanchez in California's Senate race.
The former House Speaker has become a de facto adviser to presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump.
Keeping firearms away from people convicted of domestic violence should be a national priority.
And this prediction comes from experts with no love for Obamacare.
They say he's stoked a hatred of the police.
\u201cI think I speak for every single American when I say that we are horrified.\
Over 200 law enforcement agencies across the country have the same technology Dallas officers used to kill Micah Johnson.
Because Trump doesn't like to be challenged, he said.
Despite its best efforts, America is slowly realizing that no amount of will.i.am singles and viral Ad Council PSAs are going
These 10 fatal incidents help illustrate just how prevalent gun violence is.
The Justice Department just announced that it would not bring criminal charges against Clinton.
5 officers are dead, six more are injured in Dallas.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\u201cCompelling professors at a public university to allow ... students to carry concealed guns in their classrooms chills their First Amendment rights to academic freedom.\u201d
Donald Trump says he may not assume the presidency if he wins this November, but it\u2019s unclear whether his running mate, a
We call it a tragedy, Rep. Luis Guti\u00e9rrez said, but \nobody actually does anything.\
\u201cThere was no discussion of any endorsement,\ the senator said.
Minnesota Gov. Mark Dayton says he doesn't believe the shooting would have happened if Castile and his passengers were white.
It isn't unprecedented to cop a squat on the carpet.
The announcement will be an important step toward uniting Democrats ahead of this month's convention.
The public does not get to see the last day of a $7 million probe that found little.
They claim the Obama administration is misreading federal civil rights laws.
Talk about an empty threat.
Targeting Clinton would have been akin to \celebrity hunting,\ James Comey told Congress.
He's pivoting! (But not really.)
Here's the proof.
\Rather than fall into a predictable pattern of division and political posturing, let's reflect on what we can do better.\
Flaming garbage here, burning trash there -- it's hard to choose.
Paul Ryan is looking into their options.
\Mr. Director, if you do nothing else in your 2,000+ days left, you have to help us get a hold of this issue.\
Bernie Sanders supporters say choosing Sen. Jeff Merkley (D-Ore.) would be a sign that Hillary Clinton is serious about reaching out to them.
His girlfriend streamed the aftermath on Facebook Live.
\So many Americans have reason to believe that our country doesn\u2019t consider them as precious as others because of the color of their skin.\u201d
\The normalization of hate speech cannot become a reality.\
He must know that racists and anti-Semites are watching his every move -- but he doesn't seem to care.
The former CIA head intentionally sharing classified intel and lying about it is \the perfect illustration\ of a case worth prosecuting, James Comey said.
\u201cIt is the biggest thing I\u2019ve ever seen in lawn and garden.\
The statement follows a graphic video of the shooting that began circulating on social media Tuesday evening.
It's the kind of swift response lacking from the rest of America's water woes.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
He's the latest prominent Republican to pass on Cleveland.
Conservatives are prepared to derail the appropriations process if they don't get their way.
\u201cThere\u2019s no reason to waste more time on Trump\u2019s agenda,\ Harry Reid said.
In a withering speech, Clinton said the real estate mogul milked the town for all he could.
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee chair would have added badly needed foreign policy chops to the ticket.
James Comey is \a man of integrity\ and \the definitive person\ to review Clinton emails, Rep. Jason Chaffetz said.
He still trails Hillary Clinton.
Saddam Hussein's legacy and Barack Obama's blunders matter too. But Blair can't shirk responsibility.
The plan includes eliminating in-state tuition completely at public universities for families making under $125,000.
Findings from a new study are striking -- and distressing.
The comment by national campaign spokeswoman Katrina Pierson is unlikely to help the candidate win over voters.
They were angry at a bill they say actually obscures the genetically engineered content of food.
\ud83c\udf82\ud83c\udf82\ud83c\udf82\ud83c\udf82
Defending Trump from his critics is a family affair.
You can solve a mystery... and help out a presidential candidate.
Republicans are trying for the fifth time in seven years to scrap the Title X Family Planning program.
The former first lady's White House days taught her lessons that led to Servergate, and lessons that helped her put it to rest.
The FBI advised against criminal charges for Clinton over her use of private email servers as Secretary of State.
The Louisiana attorney general said he would fully cooperate with the federal investigation.
The Department of Justice called the anti-trans law \state-sanctioned discrimination.\
The report excoriates former Prime Minister Tony Blair.
Polls show that Democratic voters are largely unaffected by the investigation.
\u201cThere are a number of unanswered questions surrounding Mr. Sterling's death.\
It's like they can't stop thinking about all the ways they can take away LGBT rights. And they're not done trying.
Yes, Trump got the most GOP primary votes to date -- thanks to millions more voters and way more primaries.
Sterling, a father of five, was killed during an encounter with two Baton Rouge police officers.
Charging tobacco users more just makes them stay uninsured, Yale researchers say.
\How sick are they? They\u2019re the ones with the bad tendencies.\
He\u2019s basically condoning the former dictator\u2019s complete disregard for civil liberties.
The president said 8,400 troops will be there when he leaves office.
Not fast enough, some experts say, even as Vladimir Putin probes its defenses.
The Women's Health Protection Act just got a new sponsor.
FBI Director James Comey advised the DOJ against prosecuting Hillary Clinton, effectively thwacking the former secretary
Other possible VP picks include Newt Gingrich, Chris Christie, Bob Corker, Jeff Sessions and Mary Fallin.
\u201cHe\u2019s got to clean this up,\ the House speaker said of Donald Trump's campaign.
\Like so many admirers, I\u2019ve lost a mentor and a friend,\ President Barack Obama said.
July 5 (Reuters) - A federal judge on Tuesday blocked Kansas Governor Sam Brownback's efforts to remove Planned Parenthood
The spacecraft will continue on a 20 month journey.
Over the holiday weekend Trump met with Republican Senator Joni Ernst of Iowa.
\I am ready to pass the baton. I know that Hillary Clinton is going to take it and I know she\u2019s going to run that race,\ Obama said.
Spending time in the Golden State might not be the best use of resources.
It's been 72 hours and Trump's supporters are still defending his controversial tweet.
If the Russian president could design a candidate to undermine American interests\u2014and advance his own\u2014he\u2019d look a lot like
\Very very unfair!\
The former KKK leader just loved Trump's latest jab at Hillary Clinton.
Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) is trailing his Democratic opponent Russ Feingold in the polls.
A writer for the New York Observer penned a brutal open letter to Jared Kushner, the paper's owner.
GOP officials stick by Trump even after a series of biased comments.
But he says Hillary Clinton and her colleagues were \extremely careless\ with classified information.
FBI Director James Comey hasn't necessarily saved Hillary Clinton, but her presidential campaign can finally turn to other issues.
\Remember when Hitler made 6 million Jewish sheriffs?\
Um...
Police in New York and Chicago are on high alert.
Wiesel, who spent his life exposing the horrors of intolerance, would not be impressed.
President Obama is weighing whether to reduce the number of troops from 9,800 to 5,500 by the end of the year.
Legalization of recreational weed would generate an estimated $1 billion in additional taxes per year.
When Great Britain surprisingly voted to leave the European Union, the eyes of the nation quickly turned to Texas. With its
Every year, he and first lady Michelle Obama honor military veterans and their families.
\Patriotism is love for a country, not just pride in it.\
They had time to tweet about taxes and July Fourth, though.
He blamed \dishonest media\ for calling the image, previously spotted on a white supremacist website, offensive to Jewish people.
The great thing about writing a musical about Trump is that you are never short of material. The challenge is to keep it on the level of parody--because whenever you come up with a premise that seems completely over the top, Trump goes and does it.
In the land of the free and brave on July 4th we celebrate the full scope of \independence\ including the risk that \any one\ can become president and blow stuff up.
Veterans and their families want a return to normalcy when they return home.  But the military culture that serves to protect men and women while in service does not mesh with nor well- prepare them for civilian life.
The real patriots this July are the Never Trump crowd, especially the Republicans who are willing to stand up publicly and oppose the misuse of their party by a dangerous blowhard who knows so little of history, but knows so much about marketing.
July 4 is an occasion for Americans to express their patriotism. But the ways we do so are as diverse as our nation.
The younger generations are uniting in solidarity across national and cultural boundaries, and yet potentially becoming divided from their elders.

Donald Trump tweeted a meme Saturday that used dog-whistle anti-Semitism to announce that his political rival, \Crooked Hillary
The senator is no longer denying that he is being vetted.
Donald Trump's \Star of David\ Hillary Clinton Meme Was Created by White Supremacists
He says Trump can \make the case for himself.\
His agenda is good for the haves, not the have-nots.
Republicans don't seem to care about his big money flip-flop, but it's a problem for independents -- and donors.
A mistake in Roof's background check made the purchase possible.
Corey Lewandowski, a paid commentator for CNN, insisted the incident was \political correctness run amok.\
\He raised his voice, not just against anti-Semitism, but against hatred, bigotry and intolerance in all its forms.\
I don\u2019t know about you, but I\u2019m getting tired of 2016 presidential election media coverage. It\u2019s been a mess since the beginning
He should have taken a cue from how Hillary handled her loss to Obama in 2008 when she came away looking like a star, and a star with power. Instead he frittered away his chances, rather whining his way close to irrelevance.
If the American people could achieve independence against a tyrannical government more than two centuries ago, we can create a government that works, not just for the billionaire class, but for all of our people today.



This week, the nation was reminded, in ways both good and bad, that elections matter. On Monday, a Supreme Court that will likely see multiple appointments from the next president delivered a landmark decision for reproductive rights. On Tuesday, terrorists bombed the Istanbul airport, leaving 42 dead. Right on cue, Donald Trump reminded the world why judgment and stability matter, repeating his call for more torture, saying \you have to fight fire with fire.\ And so, as the fallout from Brexit continues in the U.K., more Republican officials here are beating the drums for Trexit, separating themselves from the toxic menace that is Trump. Utah Senator Mike Lee said he won't vote for Trump without assurances he won't \abuse\ the Constitution, and Maine Senator Susan Collins hinted she might vote for Hillary Clinton, while Mitt Romney said he'd vote for his wife before Trump. Meanwhile, Illinois Senator Mark Kirk became the first GOP incumbent to air an anti-Trump ad. As the list of Trexiting elected officials grows, so does the #NeverTrump RNC effort to insert a \conscience clause\ allowing delegates to vote against a candidate who violates their moral beliefs. As the convention nears, we're finding out whose conscience puts country above party -- and whose does not.
Schools are under federal pressure to translate for immigrant families.\nHere's how one of America's poorest school districts is trying to find a solution.
She will highlight his string of bankruptcies to argue that he's unfit to be president.
\The process itself has been very good.\u201d
The meeting comes just a day after concerns over the U.S. Attorney General's impartiality.
This is the second time the same Russian vessel has come within proximity of a U.S. Navy ship this month.
It has been 22 years and Darden says he is still paying the price.
This is not a dog whistle. It's not subtle.
Last month the senate passed its version of the National Defense Authorization Act, an annual defense bill that includes
Reality has moved way beyond just recognizing Palestinians are there. We need to hear their voices, understand their pain, and say that our Democratic Party understands that this is conflict that must be resolved by respecting the rights of both peoples.
Here's the draft of the Democratic Party platform. It is dramatically more progressive than the 2012 version. The nation's political center of gravity has changed.
As the stream of Republicans fleeing the Donald Trump candidacy becomes a flood, it does seem the appropriate metaphor to use -- the ships are leaving the sinking rat this time, not the other way 'round.
In all, the case is a triumph for honest judging and a freer and more just America. Something to celebrate over this long Fourth of July weekend.
He said working for Trump was an \interesting experience.\
Florida is among many states adopting new abortion laws.
Trump has not yet reported his total.
Did Donald Trump violate IRS rules, by using a charity's money to buy himself a signed football helmet?
Data suggests that Americans' preferences will remain consistent with previous elections.
Donald Trump's campaign has a minority outreach team, which when Trump is elected will seamlessly transition to a minority
Tell us what the 26th Amendment means to you.
Neither state laws nor party rules can block delegates from stopping Donald Trump, if they want to.
He was no fan of abortion, but a special tradition for those whose rulings were vindicated could have given him pause.
Mike Lee has some unexpected praise for a liberal colleague.
The death toll has risen to 44.
Consistent with prior precedent, the court found machine guns to be \dangerous and unusual\ weapons.
The injunction blocked the law that was to take effect on Friday.
And yet the candidate claims to be a friend of regular working people.
He slammed Trump for still fussing about his defeated rivals.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The attorney general will let career DOJ lawyers make the call, officials said.
\Public trust in Orange County\u2019s criminal justice system has been eviscerated,\ an ACLU staff attorney said.
\She was good to work with, I had a very good relationship with her.\
Most gun deaths in the U.S. are suicides.
There's still no federal law barring people from being fired for being LGBT.
The party platform says it\u2019s time to end the practice, even though the presumptive nominee still supports it.
He was joking. Or was he?
Who run the world? Girls.
The Arizona senator told foreign press that Obama has failed the nation.
The total is far lower than estimates by non-governmental organizations.
\Chisholm showed that a woman -- and not just any woman, but a woman of color -- could be a serious contender for the presidency.\
The shock in the room was like a bomb went off
Defeated by Donald J. Trump in the 2016 primaries and derided by fellow Republicans for his subsequent embrace of Mr. Trump
Republican Sen. Mike Lee of Utah delivered a forceful response when asked on Wednesday why he hasn\u2019t endorsed Donald Trump
It\u2019s early, but polls and fundamentals indicate Hillary Clinton has a big advantage.
The decision comes one week after Democrats held a 26-hour sit-in over gun violence.
And the nationalities of the bombers were identified.
African-American legislators in Alabama argue that the state violated civil rights laws when it blocked Birmingham from raising its wage floor to $10.10.
Trump is probably not going to listen.
Challengers to the move claimed that the purge disenfranchised minorities and the poor.
The first sign something was up was when Boris Johnson arrived by the back door. Normally a human camera magnet, the showiest
The New Jersey governor is reportedly on Trump's vice presidential shortlist.
A constituent of John Cornyn brought up Merrick Garland's nomination. It didn't go well.
\I would like some assurances,\ Utah Sen. Mike Lee said.
The new rules will increase the visibility of the protesters.
There is still no federal law barring workplace discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity.
Democratic offices are being told that the sit-in constitutes grass-roots organizing and can't be used in official business.
Donald Trump said last week he'd forgive his personal loans to his campaign, but he still hasn't done so, forcing potential
Hillary Clinton isn\u2019t an option for him either.
The prohibition is supported by the state's constitution.
He thinks they shouldn't be allowed to run for office again.
John Stemberger called for fewer pride flags after the shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando.
How does a bastard, philanderer, son of a developer, man who made his billions on his father\u2019s millions become reborn, as the champion of the scorned? We'll find out.
The online degree factory allegedly targets the very veterans the senator pledged to help with the GI Bill.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
It will be close to the president's South Side home.
Happy Fourth of July weekend!
The CDC says cases of Legionnaires' disease have quadrupled in the last 15 years. But the easiest fix remains strictly voluntary.
Days after introducing a bill that would block minor league baseball players from earning the federal minimum, Rep. Cheri Bustos has changed her mind.
That really doesn't reflect America, as a new report points out.
Trump is selling, but O'Reilly ain't buying.
Get health insurance from your job? You can ignore the \rate shock\ hype.
Donald Trump slammed meeting as evidence of a \rigged system\ while the Justice Department probes Hillary Clinton\u2019s email.
It'll probably give him a bump in the polls back in Oregon. (Note
The word \man\ is being erased from 19 roles in the service.
Jimmy Kimmel made up ridiculous emails from Clinton and asked people on the street about them. Everyone accused her of being dishonest -- and then lied.
Black Lives Matter calls that \a huge slap in the face.\
The base is about 15 miles from the White House and the home of Air Force One.
He claimed the ruling \would've been the opposite\ if he'd replaced Scalia. But the ruling was 5-3, not 4-4.
Members of Canada's parliament chanted \Four more years!\ after Obama gave a speech to them.
To 41 dead.
Whether it's death eaters or Trump, Warren is on it.
In 2005, as he was making a transition from developing real estate to capitalizing on his fame through ventures like a reality
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
He said the Trans-Pacific Partnership was \just a continuing rape of our country.\
Yorktown University warned parents that other colleges' women's studies programs could make their daughters gay.
They presented a lot of evidence of Trump being a bully.
The average GOP \u201cYoung Gun\u201d is quite old, but they won\u2019t seem so long in the tooth once they take office and we raise the
The creator of a purportedly pro-Sanders super PAC, Cary Lee Peterson created new groups days after being released from jail.
The candidate's supporters are following his lead.
The future of the party is mostly white, mostly male and not particularly young.
That explains how the Confederate flag, contraception and clean water deregulation got linked to fighting mosquitoes, the senator said.
A bill passed Wednesday that will help the island restructure its $70 billion in debt.
Jim Gray makes his case to the people of Kentucky.
At many of California\u2019s community colleges mental health services are virtually nonexistent.
The real estate mogul has long \worked against economic opportunities for workers and ordinary people,\ says the president.
His prediction requires her to win in states where there isn't much polling data yet.
Zephyr Teachout won, but Eric Kingson didn't.
Capitol Hill workers have been told not to drink the water inside the Cannon House Office Building.
It seems he's more interested in giving out Trump campaign talking points.
\The risks of Puerto Rico descending into chaos are very real.\
If he was supposed to be transitioning to a \presidential\ mode, Tuesday wasn't it.
The Vermont senator is raising the possibility of some convention disruptions.
White supremacists are big fans of The Donald.
She said the late ambassador had \a lot of respect\ for the former Secretary of State.
Global confidence in U.S. leadership is much higher than it was in 2008. Thanks, Obama.
Clinton characterized Tuesday's Istanbul terrorist attack as the result of \radical jihadism.\
Progressive politics are the antidote to populist bigotry, he says.
\u201cWe have a daunting task in front of us, determining whether and how we can reopen health centers.\u201d
He acknowledged the players' inspiring work as role models, but added that \u201cmoney is useful too.\u201d
The Floridian, who missed a hearing to announce re-election plans, had terrible attendance before and during his White House bid.
The political revolution comes to the party platform process.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump delivered a speech in front of a pile of trash, which is pretty much what people
The training will bring Justice Department employees in line with many local police departments.
The justices won't reconsider an explosive case that posed an existential threat to organized labor.
And that gap has widened since the Orlando attack, a new poll shows.
Not very presidential.
And Brexit 2.0.
The number of abortion clinics in Texas has fallen from 41 to 19.
Some 18 million Americans got water from a system that violated federal regulations in 2015.
The Supreme Court justice used the French phrase to support the court's Texas abortion ruling.
U.S. District Judge Carlton Reeves said that the state's so-called religious freedom law violates last year's Supreme Court ruling that legalized gay marriage.
\You know what I mean?\ No, not really.
Washington, D.C., will have a $15 wage floor by 2020.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
A few \u201cleave\u201d voters might regret their choices, but a poll shows they\u2019re not the majority.
As much as 40 percent of food produced in America gets thrown out.
But hey. The guy said it.
GOP pundits called him \unqualified\ and a \coward.\
In May, under pressure from the news media, Donald Trump made good on a pledge he made four months earlier
Polls show overwhelming support for certain gun control measures.
Trump's fluctuating positions on his proposed Muslim ban and mass deportations seem \kind of like barstool philosophizing.\
Some have said they would vote for Hillary Clinton instead.
\We're at the very end of the rope of waiting to see that Donald Trump will do the right thing.\
We all just need to chill.
Republicans were using the Zika bill to promote the Confederate flag, anti-contraception riders and exceptions to clean water laws.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Trump's muddled stance on abortion law has hurt him before.
POLITICO reached out to more than 50 prominent Republicans. Few said they plan to attend the convention in Cleveland, let
Could the U.K. stay?
The president says the progressive Democrat \isn't afraid to stand up for what he knows is right, even when it isn't popular.\
Warren called Trump a \small, insecure, money-grubber who fights for no one but himself.\
National polls show her leading, but differ on how big her advantage is.
Instead of focusing on Hillary Clinton, the Trump campaign is spending time and energy countering anti-Trumpers in the GOP.
A slot at the GOP convention used to be a career-maker \u2014 a chance to make your name on the big stage and to catch the eye
And then, just when you think this campaign can't get any more ridiculous, enter Scott Brown.
\They learn that the kid sitting across from them in the circle has those same fears, has those same anxieties and that it's OK.\
\It is beyond rational belief that H.B. 2 could genuinely protect the health of women,\ she wrote.
\u201cIf you know what websites a person is visiting, it\u2019s akin to spying on their thoughts.\
#TrumpTrexit has a nice ring to it.
The platform draft supports a repeal of the Helms Amendment, which blocks abortion access for women abroad.
She's the latest Republican to disavow Donald Trump.
The commonwealth can't make an upcoming $2 billion payment.
In a strategy memo provided to The Huffington Post, the committee outlines how it will attack the top candidates.
The senator's pick is facing two more established candidates in a Democratic primary.
The justices ruled that federal prosecutors overreached when going after the former governor for corruption.
Democrats issued a report saying it was time to wrap up the committee's work.
He's removing the word \Muslim\ from his proposed ban, a shift from just three days ago.
\I have to tell you, I was fighting back tears a moment ago.\
Americans' opinions on the referendum are part of a broader partisan divide.
Things, uh, haven't been going great.
What polling and organization problems?
He successfully got some of his policy proposals into the initial draft of the Democratic platform but is determined to press further.
He got two opportunities to say \yes,\ but he didn't take them.
Making America great again -- by running up huge IOUs.
The former House speaker argues that Trump is \evolving.\
The decision is about whether a Republican-backed 2013 Texas law placed an undue burden on women exercising their constitutional right to abortion.
\Hillary Clinton looks at this through the lens of how it's going to affect middle-class families, Donald Trump through the lens of how it will help his bottom line.\
Whether all 297 programs consistently serve their vulnerable target population, however, is a different question. A decade of observation and the outcome of the Birmingham trial reveal that federal safeguards to protect this mission are insufficient.
President Obama's legacy is being tarnished for having been engaged in seven foreign wars in third world countries during two terms presidency including the U.S. - Afghanistan war which is now in its 15th year.
I have been watching Klobuchar's rise to political power for 20 years. I, like many others, think she wants to be POTUS. Clearly, attaining the vice-presidential slot in 2016 puts her first-in-line among Democrats to make her own presidential run, (whether or not Hillary Clinton wins).
\He had one good day because he didn\u2019t vomit all over himself and gave a decent speech.\
\My grama told me that you do not like broccoli and never want it served. I just want you to know that I love broccoli!\
\When it comes to the presidency, I will not vote for Donald Trump.\
The financial uncertainty from Brexit threatens to weigh on the strong U.S. economy and undo some of the recovery seen since Obama took office.
His spokeswoman says he no longer supports a blanket ban.
\This is not my party.\
The June 23 Erin Burnett show on CNN (6pm, CDT) welcomed Corey Lewandowski as a new CNN \political analyst\, the same Corey Lewandowski that was fired a couple of days earlier as Donald J. Trump's campaign manager.
Shortly after Tim Kaine had been elected Governor of Virginia in 2006, a discussion ensued among Democratic party leaders about the lessons that could learned from Kaine's victory. Some observations were interesting, others were not. One was particularly off the mark.
Structurally, something similar seems to be happening in reverse. That is, instead of a situation in which structural disparity results from some sectors failing to develop while other sectors raced ahead, we now are fostering structural disparities owing to sectors that are falling backwards, out of the modern (or post-modern) world.


The announcement will come on July 1.
David Cameron resigns as the markets plummet.
Longer drives, higher costs, more painful procedures
Telephone polls favored \u201cremain,\u201d while internet polls correctly pointed toward a win for \u201cleave.\u201d
The stalled cause of immigration reform could energize Hispanic voters in support of the likely Democratic nominee.
\u0ca0_\u0ca0 \u00af\\_(\u30c4)_/\u00af
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The proposal includes a ban on high-capacity magazines and background checks for ammo purchases.
Americans are still feeling the Bern.
The city proposes to lock down an area over three square miles.
GOP digital guru Patrick Ruffini takes a dim view of Trump's campaign strategy.
They didn't force a vote, but they really think the conversation is changing.
Milwaukee saw a 69 percent increase in homicides from 2014 to 2015.
\The issue right here is I\u2019m going to do everything I can to defeat Donald Trump.\
This is the first monument honoring the struggle for LGBT rights.
Our nation's culture of mass incarceration has warped our view on punishing crime, they argue.
It's less than two weeks since a mass shooting in his home state.
\People want to take their country back. They want to have independence in a sense. You see it with Europe, all over Europe.\
The president had urged Britons to remain in the union.
Internet polls seem to have performed better than telephone polls.
Once again, Trump is looking out for Trump.
\The British people have made the very clear decision to take a different path and as such I think the country requires fresh leadership to take it in this direction.\
\We'll have more diversity in one delegation than the Republicans have in their entire convention,\ Rev. Leah Daughtry says.
\It makes me wonder, are they taking the Latino vote for granted?\
We're in for a wild ride.
Majorities in both parties think the opposition\u2019s policies would be bad for the country.
What's Paul Ryan's mom up to today?
And a look at the Brexit polls.
His resignation is \effective immediately.\
Former Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski is joining CNN as a political commentator, according to a source familiar
Marco Rubio missed a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing Wednesday morning \u2014 at the same time he was announcing plans
The move short-changes President Barack Obama's $1.9 billion funding request.
But the city's mayor said some homes in Flint cannot be fitted with filters, so bottled water is still needed.
A Reuters examination of Trump's golf course investments shows that he has likely lost millions of dollars on his golf projects.
A huge crowd gathered to show support for Democrats staging a sit-in.
They argue that the celebration of music \is threatened, because of gun violence in this country.\
It took civil rights icon John Lewis and a historic sit-in on the House floor to get Congress' attention.
They were worried Trump would use their money to pay himself back.
Basically, get a lot of sleep.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
A divided court found that UT Austin's consideration of race in college admissions is constitutional.
Jackie Speier showed her colleagues a dumdum bullet that was lodged in her body after a mass shooting.
Regular order is dead. Long live regular order!
Which is more important? Big oil or trying to prevent more massacres?
\It\u2019s heartbreaking for the millions of immigrants who\u2019ve made their lives here, who\u2019ve raised families here.\
Conservative national security experts are worried about Trump's policies. But some are even more concerned that he won't have any good advisers.
If so, his new GOP donors will be picking up the tab.
\I am a lot more comfortable with a known unknown, who I will support, than with a known known who is unacceptable.\u201d
\I know what it\u2019s like to hide in a closet and pray to God, \u2018Do not let anything happen to me.\u2019\u201d
Sen. Susan Collins' \no fly, no buy\ bill to stop gun sales to terrorists survived, but is basically doomed.
He doesn't anticipate more executive action on immigration.
\ud83c\udf55\ud83c\udf55\ud83c\udf55\ud83c\udf55\ud83c\udf55
They got to show their frustrations. But they didn't get a vote.
Local school board is ready to take the case to the Supreme Court
\u201cThere is a real question about how much he has in terms of liquid assets.\u201d
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Warren is a potential vice presidential pick for Clinton.
The proposal met opposition from critics who said it threatened civil liberties and did little to improve national security.
The former New Mexico governor could get much-needed exposure with CNN's primetime town hall.
Before the vote tomorrow.
Opponents said it threatened civil liberties and did little to improve national security.
A rule advanced by the Obama administration was intended to regulate fracking on public and tribal lands.
He pledged to continue his work to transform the Democratic party.
Sure, the bill is bipartisan. But it doesn't do much.
\The presidency requires the judgement and the knowledge to make tough calls under pressure.\
His decision to run again improves Republicans' chances of keeping the seat.
Can their advice change him? Should they even try?
It\u2019s also about taking back Congress.
As top Republicans expressed astonishment and alarm over Donald Trump\u2019s paltry campaign fundraising totals, the presumptive
It's the first time someone with responsibility for the torture program has legally acknowledged their actions.
You fool! You foolish fool!
South Carolina fire officials decided to make sprinklers mandatory in new homes. Homebuilders overturned the rule with help behind the scenes from Gov. Nikki Haley.
Some members of the group have criticized Trump in the past.
California law lets rapists who sexually assault unconscious people avoid jail. A district attorney wants to change that.
They're squirming.
It was a last-minute decision.
Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin's plan adds new requirements for poor enrollees, like paying premiums and volunteer work.
Yes, we are going to add Libertarian Gary Johnson soon.
Clinton\u2019s religious practice as a Methodist has been well-documented and widely reported.
Poor teacher-preparation programs may help explain the spotty record of preschool effectiveness.
That could spell doom for the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
The governor of Maine threatened to drop food stamps if the feds won't let him prevent poor people from buying candy and soda.
He wants Florida voters to know that being senator will be \the last political job I have,\ but maybe he should stop making declarations.
All the challenges of modern polling converge in efforts to gauge this week's vote.
Civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis led the charge. \We will be silent no more.\
Obama\u2019s Supreme Court nominee is deemed \u201cwell qualified.\u201d
\I see similar themes on both sides of the Atlantic.\
A new amendment would broaden the FBI's authority to look at email metadata without a warrant.
Ohio and Pennsylvania look like closer races.
The state could play a pivotal role in the upcoming election.
\You look at him and say, \u2018What the hell are you talking about?' That\u2019s not good for America.\u201d
Quite frankly, it's a yuge number.
\Enough.\
Clinton's got a lot more cash.
Donald Trump's racism might be bad for branding.
Court papers said Michael Steven Sandford told a Secret Service agent he had driven to Las Vegas from California with the goal of shooting Trump.
It\u2019s getting old, y\u2019all.
Trump's campaign bragged it raised $6 million in one night, but a new filing suggests a much smaller number.
He's a con artist who never delivers on promises, she plans to say at a speech in Ohio.
Obama's plan would allow detained terrorism suspects who plead guilty to serve their sentences in a third-country prison.
And surveilling them, as Donald Trump has proposed, is a bad, bad idea.
The billionaire is asking you to give $10 to his campaign.
A majority of the public say U.S. Muslims face \a lot\ of discrimination.
His spokeswoman suggests he's just trying to get attention.
And she just may get her wish.
The battle continues.
Trump's campaign only has $1.3 million cash on hand. Sad!
Hashtag surfaces after campaign reports just $1.3 million in cash on hand.
Matthew Jansen said in a voicemail that he was \shocked\ by the \despicable,\  sign, adding that Islam is a \godless,\ \pagan\ religion.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Surveys give her an average 7-point lead.
There were, objectively, a number of fireable offenses.
A Mexican flag has been hoisted nearby, just in time for his upcoming visit.
Early Trump supporters were very different from the voters who back him now.
Donald J. Trump is parting ways with his campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, a move that comes as the presumptive Republican
Supporters of a growing anti-Donald Trump movement announced plans Sunday to raise money for staff and a possible legal defense
\Make yourselves impossible to ignore\ on gun violence, the vice president says.
Anti-Trump Republican delegates want a \conscience\ clause as an out from any obligation to vote for him.
The families of nine people who died in the attack sued Bushmaster in 2014 in Connecticut Superior Court in Bridgeport.
LeBron brings home a title for Cleveland.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Unless calling someone a \witch\ is supposed to be a compliment?
\That's the kind of reckless language that creates division, it doesn't bring people together.\
OK, buddy.
The former campaign manager couldn't explain why he got fired.
About two and a half trillion dollars less, to be exact.
Lewandowski was known for his brash tactics and insistence that letting \Trump be Trump\ would win the White House.
Obviously.
GOP Gov. Phil Bryant, signed into law the wide-reaching measure in April, which supporters called necessary to protect businesses and individuals seeking to exercise their religious views.
He filed legislation to do it.
Following Ginni Thomas' takedown, a Washington Examiner article citing unnamed sources appears to have been amended.
It wasn't just about terrorism. It was an attack on the LGBT community.
Despite securing the GOP nomination more than a month ago, Trump appears to have no general election strategy.
The 44th president's legacy will include his strong advocacy for families.
\For the first time in my life, I cannot support the Republican nominee for president.\
Michael McCaul criticized Democrats' record on terrorism but couldn't explain how Trump would improve on it.
But the group has supported measures allowing guns in bars.
The court has not decided a major gun case since 2010.
The court could rule that a president has broad authority to interpret and enforce federal immigration law.
Nativist demagogues around the globe are trying to seize this as their moment.
\I think profiling is something that we're going to have to start thinking about as a country.\
He insisted on weekends with his family when he took the job. Here's how that's working out.
Warren, who recently endorsed Hillary Clinton, said Trump is a \proven failure\ who is unfit to lead.
The CNN host called on both elected officials and former cabinet members or advisers to mobilize against Trump.
A number of U.S. officials -- most notably then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton -- played an important role in preventing Zelaya\u2019s return to office and the junta consolidating its power in the face of massive nonviolent protests.
He made a lot of pint-sized friends.
We must call out the hypocrisy when elected officials offer condolences after gun violence in one breath and defend civilians' right to own weapons of war in the next. With each successive mass shooting, I have grown convinced that a massive civic crusade on the order of the civil rights movement is necessary.
We can't be good fathers as long as we tolerate the epidemic of sexual assaults against young women and girls.
This week started off with the horror in Orlando. It was at once a hate crime, an act of terror and another tragic example of our lack of common sense gun control. Before the victims' bodies were even identified, Donald Trump was trying to fear-bait and scapegoat, bragging that he'd somehow been proven right and doubling down on his plan to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. But Trump's disgusting attempt to capitalize on a national tragedy didn't work. According to a CBS poll, only 25 percent approved of his shameful response, while 51 percent disapproved, and nearly two-thirds rejected his Muslim ban. Meanwhile, several members of Congress walked out of the now-traditional post-massacre moment of silence, with Rep. Jim Himes (D-CT) calling them \an abomination\ that does not \honor the victims\ but \mocks them.\ Senate Democrats then took over the Senate for 15 hours demanding action on gun control. Whatever the outcome, it is heartening to know that the time of silence is finally over, and that voices for reform are being heard over racist, divisive dog-whistles.
Apple has told Republican leaders it will not provide funding or other support for the party\u2019s 2016 presidential convention
\Out\ ahead of \In\ by 44-42 percent.
Republicans need to start worrying about losing their majority in the House of Representatives.
\Every senator is now going to have to say, whether they're for terrorists getting guns or against terrorists getting guns.\
Obama was also shooting a virtual reality video in the park, a first for the White House.
The county commissioner said he doesn't lower the flag for terrorist attacks, instead wanting Americans \to stand tall, courageously.\
The real estate mogul\u2019s candidacy is growing costlier for the party every day.
\I see it as, this was the week it ended.\
A 50-state strategy has been tried before. Her staff think they can do it right this time.
Many haters within our midst hide behind the veil of religion. They don't care about the consequences that stem from their spewing and teaching hate.
Congratulations!
It is difficult to find the words that would build my argument for voting against Donald Trump for President of the United States. It is much easier, however, to use Mr. Trump's own words instead, for they provide a framework counter to those things for which I believe my country stands.
Why do we hear dozens of politicians offer \thoughts and prayers\ after a mass shooting but no meaningful legislation for common sense measures such as stopping individuals on the terrorist watch list from purchasing weapons? It's because our representatives are puppets of their campaign donors, including the NRA.
More than 280 people have been killed in the great city of Chicago since the first of the year. Thousands more are living under siege in neighborhoods where they fear sitting on their front porches or letting their kids out to play because of the threat of gun violence. No one in the United States of America should ever have to live this way.
Nixon was definitely on to something in 1969 when he corralled his silent majority and bagged the White House. The jury is way out on whether Trump can do the same. But the danger is there.
We are in the middle of our recurring national nightmare.  We would like to wake up and make it go away, but we can't. Incomprehensible carnage from the barrel of a gun.  Impassioned demands for action to be taken by those we elect to protect us. Political intimidation by the gun lobby.
The tragic news from Orlando dominated the week's media, as once again someone with easy access to military-style weaponry takes dozens of lives. According to Donald Trump and John McCain, this is all Barack Obama's fault (of course). Personally, we think if you want to go back and point fingers, you'd have to include George W. Bush.
While there have been countless debates, tests and judgments that have defined and redefined how to interpret this amendment, the current prevailing interpretation and belief in America is that individual gun ownership is a constitutional right.
If Mateen had been a Christian, like the Charleston slayer, would we have termed the killings \terrorism\? Would the media have indulged itself in an examination about \what's wrong with Christianity\? Would we have called for surveillance of everyone with a Confederate flag license plate?
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
51 officials called for a change to President Obama's Syria strategy.
The Vermont senator affirms he'll take his campaign to the Democratic National Convention in July.
It's looking a lot like Groundhog Day.
Just like they do after every major shooting or terrorism incident.
Dozens of Republican convention delegates are hatching a new plan to block Donald Trump at this summer\u2019s party meetings, in
Democrat Ann Kirkpatrick raised at least $100,000 after the cranky Republican blamed the president for the horrific nightclub slaughter.
This was, first and foremost, an attack on the LGBT community.
From his mouth to God's ears.
Policy proposals don't get ratings.
The House Speaker admits he hasn't achieved the \real unity\ he wanted with Trump.
An accused former University of Virginia student argues the Education Department illegally enacted additional regulations for schools.
The State Department diplomats signed an internal memo criticizing Obama's policies on Syria.
\Is this what you want your legacy to be?\
Every election cycle has its own breakout media star. In 1992, it was CNN. A few years later, it would be an e-mail blast
Most respondents in a recent poll believe the shooting was both an act of terrorism and a hate crime.
A writer wonders whether Trump's rowdy fans are actually leading the White House run.
If there's any moment Sen. Chris Murphy wants people to share from the 15-hour floor speech, it's his emotional final words.
The shooting was meant to \terrorize\ all who belong to the LGBT community, Sen. Tammy Baldwin said.
A county commissioner in Alabama already told the government the children are \not welcome\ there.
\He doesn't appear to be a Republican.\
The Orlando shooting may be on their minds, but the justices probably won't take up a new gun rights case for a while.
The self-proclaimed billionaire's money operation is lagging during critical period.
\Our hearts are broken, too.\
The AR-15 is the most talked about gun in America. But the AR-15's creator died before the weapon became a popular hit and
But he still thinks Trump needs to be more disciplined.
The ads, highlighting her policy work on children and families, aim to distinguish her from Trump's divisiveness.
Now Clinton's battle with Bernie Sanders is all but over, expect the AFL-CIO to go to war against Trump.
Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.), who represents Newtown, led the charge.
Lawmakers just rejected a surveillance amendment that was passed two years in a row.
Trump is part of a global wave of strongmen wooing voters with ethnic nationalism.
It's the president's fault because he ended the war in Iraq too soon, McCain said.
\u201cIt looked like somebody had ripped her neck apart and stitched it back together.\u201d
More approve of President Obama's and Hillary Clinton's reactions than Trump\u2019s.
The city of Cleveland was hit with a lawsuit on Tuesday alleging that its plans for the upcoming Republican National Convention
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
As the deadliest mass shooting in American history unfolded in Orlando early Sunday morning,\u00a0Matthew Gentili was staffing
Does Donald have feelings?
Two months ago, Donald Trump\u2019s campaign manager, Paul Manafort, reassured nervous party elites that the candidate would start
\The guilt of being alive is heavy.\
\It was just for humor value,\ Australian Party's Bob Katter says.
He also quoted Dumbledore.
Trump\u2019s ratings are worse -- his unfavorables are up to 70 percent in the latest poll.
It's the final primary of the year.
\We lack confidence that Judge Persky can fairly participate in this upcoming hearing.\
A newly released court transcript shows Judge Aaron Persky considered that both Turner and the woman he assaulted were intoxicated.
Utah's Spencer Cox called on everyone to reach out with love.
Not this year, the \Scandal\ star said, but maybe in four more.
He blacklisted a major newspaper for saying he said this.
\I think she'll be a wonderful president,\ Arquette said.
Beltway insiders like to dismiss Donald Trump\u2019s strength in social media as a mirage \u2013 a following of reporters and political
The Orlando shooting sparked a new conversation.
\This is an absurd proposal to build a Fortress America and pull up the drawbridges.\
Larry Hogan is the third GOP governor to break with the presumptive GOP nominee.
When Omar Mateen opened fire with his military style AR-15 assault rifle on a gay nightclub in Orlando, there was one man
Republican lawmakers on Capitol Hill are standing apart from their presumptive presidential nominee yet again \u2014 but this
IT HAD not seemed possible, but Donald Trump descended this week to a new low of bigotry, fear-mongering and conspiracy-peddling
Latest results from Washington D.C. presidential primary.
After the Supreme Court decided District of Columbia v. Heller, in 2008, it appeared that all attempts at gun control might
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Buckle up, y'all.
On the night that Omar Mateen killed 49 people in a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida, Donald Trump\u2019s friend and former campaign
A majority call gun violence a very serious problem.
The gun lobby group was radio silent for almost two days following Orlando massacre
The FBI is determining whether he was a patron or scouting the club.
\I believe that meaningful, responsible gun control is part of homeland security.\
\u201cJustice has not been served in this case.\u201d
And Republicans are already squirming.
McConnell also said he thinks Trump's proposed Muslim ban is a \bad idea.\
The store owner described the gunman as an \evil person,\ but said he sold him firearms legally.
\We have to stand together. Be proud together. There is no better rebuke to the terrorists.\
He will pay respects to families of the victims of Sunday's shooting at a nightclub.
After endorsing Bernie Sanders, a union president says Hillary Clinton is now the only choice.
Throughout most of the 2016 presidential primaries, the media focused on the noisy and reactionary rift among Republicans
Two separate hacking groups were able to enter the DNC's system and read e-mail and chat communications.
Benefits won't be getting more generous anytime soon, however.
They want the president to make it easier for women raped in conflict to access abortions.
\We are heartbroken, but our community is strong.\
We just don\u2019t know exactly how yet.
It's about the money.
Gunman reportedly pledged allegiance to ISIS mid-attack.
\You have the right to remain silent.\ If you\u2019ve ever watched any of the tens of thousands of hours of television devoted
\u201cI hope that, in the aftermath of this horrific shooting, our country will move towards greater love and acceptance of all Americans.\u201d
Rep. Lee Zeldin says there needs to be \some type of process\ to protect Americans, even if there isn't sufficient evidence.
A case that could test the validity of Roe v. Wade will be decided before the end of June.
In 2006, when a judge ordered Donald Trump's casino operation to hand over several years' worth of emails, the answer surprised
These three campaign gurus for Jeb Bush, Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio have had some time to reflect on their loss to The Donald
The toughest guy in Park City this weekend was Anthony Scaramucci, a top Donald Trump fundraiser and his emissary to the
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The gunman expressed loyalties to ISIS and other extremists.
Let\u2019s count up all the red flags for Beltway Republicans.
Joni Ernst considers lunch a matter of national security.
He doubled down on his offer the day after the Orlando shooting.
But Congress could still throw the island a lifeline.
Democrats promise to fight to keep terrorists from buying weapons.
There actually was a security guard with a gun. That didn't stop the massacre.
The presumptive GOP nominee sounded uncomfortable when two men kissed on television.
It's the worst-rated institution in America.
\I cannot prohibit those people from buying a gun,\ the president said.
But support for stricter gun laws had dropped since last winter.
\We are not safe and secure when the government uses us as pawns to perpetrate violence against others.\
\If you pledge allegiance to ISIS,\ the former House speaker said, \you are a traitor and you have lost your citizenship.\
Rejecting gay men who want to donate blood to those wounded in Orlando shows the \moral bankruptcy\ of the ban.
Trump also said the president should resign for not saying the words \radical Islam\ after the Orlando shooting.
Obama said the gunman had been \inspired by various extremist information that was disseminated over the internet.\
There's no right to bear arms in Israel, and the death count in recent terror attacks is much lower than in terror-inspired U.S. mass murders.
After the Orlando shooting, he's doubling his bet on fear of Muslims.
These two teams don't like each other.
A meeting with Clinton is coming this week.
He won't be skydiving this year.
It would be the first state to offer health insurance to undocumented immigrants.
They disagree over Trump's plan to deport undocumented immigrants en masse.
The president \disgracefully refused to even say the words 'Radical Islam,'\ which are Trump's bread and butter.
\This is a club that nobody wants to be in,\ said Christine Leinonen.
The Court is due to rule on whether a Texas law violates a woman's constitutional right to abortion.
\We have to decide if this is the kind of country we want to be. To actively do nothing is a decision as well.\
\u201cDo we help each other? Do we respect each other? Do we stand together?\u201d
He wants some leverage over the presumptive nominee.
Chris Murphy and Richard Blumenthal, who represent Newtown, Connecticut, issued blistering statements in the wake of the shooting.
\No civilian in America needs an AR-15...\
Are you serious?
The order extends until sunset on Thursday.
I love politics. I've always been pretty involved with election cycles. My first presidential election was in 2000. I voted for W. I regret nothing. In 2004, I again voted for W. I regret nothing. In 2008, I was torn between Obama and Hillary, voted Obama in the primary and then again in the general. I regret nothing. In 2012, I voted the crap out of Obama. I regret nothing.
What will it take? Not this. This won't change anything. An apparent terrorist? Fifty or more gay men? What about 20 cute little children between the ages of 6 and 7 at Sandy Hook? Nope. Dozens of other mass shootings this year? Nope. Thousands of gun murders every year? Nope.
Enough is enough kowtowing to the Americans who cling to their weapons for dear life. Enough is enough social media activism without any real calls to action. Enough is enough.
The presidential primaries are just about over and the nominees have emerged. And the general election begins with Democrat
Twenty-eight years ago, Jeff Weaver was a lowly campaign aide driving an obscure left-wing Congressional candidate around
The Republican Party\u2019s politically lethal embrace of Donald J. Trump is very nearly complete.
It was a bad time for Sen. Cory Gardner to be caught in an elevator with a reporter. Donald Trump had just referred to Sen
The third-party nominee Gary Johnson believes former Republican candidates for president, Jeb Bush and Lindsey Graham among
To a degree we haven\u2019t seen, perhaps, since the candidacy of Senator Barry Goldwater in 1964, the question of Donald Trump\u2019s
Mitt Romney warned that a Donald Trump presidency could normalize racism, misogyny and bigotry in the national conscience
He's starting out $200 million behind.
ATLANTIC CITY \u2014 The Trump Plaza Casino and Hotel is now closed, its windows clouded over by sea salt. Only a faint outline
Of course, this recognition should come as no surprise -- the jail snitch program has been rocking the county's justice system for almost three years.
\Trump
Hillary Clinton\u2019s \u201cdelete your account\u201d moment was no fluke
During an exclusive Republican gathering here on Friday, billionaire mega-donor Meg Whitman challenged Paul Ryan over his
Republican donor Meg Whitman, the high-profile Hewlett PackardEnterprise president and CEO, indicated at Mitt Romney's closed
House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) faced tough questioning here Friday for his decision to endorse Donald Trump, and he
Trump is trying to convince voters he's not a racist -- even though he is.
He was also removed from office for using his position for personal gain.
There have been questions of whether Saudi Arabia had a role in the 2001 terrorist attack for years.
And Rob Reiner is inviting other celebrities to join the crusade.
President Obama's recent visit to Hiroshima where the President called for a moral revolution against nuclear warfare, resurrects the question about President Truman's moral compass when he authorized the August 6, 1945 bombing of Hiroshima and the August 9, 1945 bombing of Nagasaki.
David Koch, one of the biggest backers of the 2012 Republican National Convention, won't support the party's next gathering
Newly released State Department emails help reveal how a major Clinton Foundation donor was placed on a sensitive government
WASHINGTON (AP) -- It's exceedingly improbable, but not completely farfetched
During a Republican district convention in the suburban Twin Cities last month, Ali Jimenez-Hopper helped seal her endorsement
PARK CITY, Utah \u2014 At this time four years ago, Mitt Romney \u00adsummoned the leading figures in the Republican Party to this
Yes, of course, we all know general election polls nearly a half-year from Election Day are not very accurate and shouldn't
The president\u2019s strong approval numbers bode well for the Democrats in November.
In the most famous scene in\u00a0Goodfellas, Tommy DeVito menaces his fellow gangsters in a restaurant, pretending to take umbrage
There\u2019s a belief, which I don\u2019t share, that the growing share of nonwhite voters in the population, particularly Latinos
In public, Donald Trump insists his racial attacks on an Indiana-born judge of Mexican descent have been \u201cmisconstrued.\u201d
Katie Walsh, the Republican National Committee\u2019s chief of staff, was just a few hours from meeting with Donald Trump\u2019s new
WASHINGTON \u2014 After President George W. Bush twice carried the New Hampshire county that includes vote-rich Manchester and
Health officials say Congress is running out of time to take action against the virus.
He's still formally backing Trump, though, and says he'd be fine with him appointing the next Supreme Court justice.
Another big one for Clinton.
Nearly six times as many Bernie Sanders supporters are prepared to shift their support to Hillary Clinton than vote for Donald
The most political athlete ever gets the most political funeral possible.
\u201cIt's difficult to connect with and trust her.\u201d
It's the only independent agency keeping an eye on the U.S. House.
The conservative crowd laughed.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton met on Friday with U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren, a leading progressive
Memo to Trump
\God willing, it'll be Secretary Clinton.\
His somber address was a hit at the Freedom Coalition\u2019s Road to Majority conference.
The still-secret emails are a key part of the FBI investigation that has long dogged Clinton's presidential campaign.
Persky has faced mounting opposition since his sentencing of Brock Turner, the ex-Stanford swimmer found guilty of sexual assault.
He didn't mean it in a nice way.
But the last step is up to her.
The senator, who just endorsed Hillary Clinton, held no punches.
Multiple petitions demanding the judge's removal have topped 1 million signatures.
He rallied supporters with a typical stump speech in Washington ahead of next week's primary -- the last of the season.
Like that makes sense...
In January of 1937, the Gallup Poll, then in its second year of existence, posed this question
This week, after Donald Trump said that Gonzalo Curiel, the federal judge in a case against Trump University, had a conflict
The public is paying attention, but they\u2019re not necessarily excited.
In March, days after Mitt Romney excoriated Donald Trump as a danger to the republic, his niece said she would support the
Warren reportedly anticipates issues that would arise were she to sign on.
Donald Trump has attained his wild popularity among Republicans by tapping into their pervasive feeling of racial victimization
A couple of weeks ago, Donald Trump took a stage in Bismarck, North Dakota, and laid out his vision for addressing climate
House Speaker Paul Ryan said the reason he's sticking by Donald Trump despite his \u201cdistracting\u201d antics is simple
\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25
Here we go again.
In March, days after Mitt Romney excoriated Donald Trump as a danger to the republic, his niece said she would support the
Donald Trump casts himself as a protector of workers and jobs, but a USA TODAY NETWORK investigation found hundreds of people
President Obama will offer his formal endorsement of Hillary Clinton with a video to be released later on Thursday and plans
Remember Merrick Garland, the veteran federal judge President Obama nominated in mid-March to fill the Supreme Court vacancy
This time last year, at a producer\u2019s conference in Hollywood, a member of the audience asked Reese Witherspoon whether she\u2019d
Elizabeth Warren is expected to endorse to presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Thursday, according
One of the biggest reasons Donald Trump is considered to be a long shot to win the presidency is the diversity of the country
One month after announcing his support for Donald Trump, Marco Rubio still believes that the presumptive GOP nominee is unfit
\This is the first American generation expected to be worse off economically than previous generations.\
Voters usually don't vote for someone who can't win. But Kasich supporters have hit a new record.
The president's approval rating is the highest it's been in years -- and that has implications for his successor.
Sen. Ron Wyden maintains that there is a big difference between hemp and weed.
Tracey Iglehart, a teacher at Rosa Parks elementary school in Berkeley, California, did not expect Donald Trump to show up
The bill was a compromise between Republicans concerned it was a \bailout\ and Democrats who wanted it to contain more progressive economic provisions.
\u201cI have a motto in my life
California\u2019s drought is very real and the state does not have \u201cplenty of water,\u201d as Trump suggested.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Inside the speaker's decision to endorse a man who, by his own admission, says racist things.
The commonwealth is \sovereign,\ sure, but still highly dependent on Congress.
Franken and other Democrats said Americans will punish the GOP if the system isn't fixed.
But he plans to compete for votes in the upcoming D.C. primary.
Activists complained the college failed to properly punish attackers, but an Education Department report disagrees.
\I don't think there's ever been someone so qualified to hold this office,\ the president said in an endorsement video released Thursday.
It sounds like a wonky change, but he wants to restrict what proposals can be offered in the House.
Senator Bernie Sanders plans to lay off at least half his campaign staff Wednesday as his battered presidential bid continues
Hillary Clinton has now secured the Democratic nomination for president. Because she was the front-runner, because she represents
If a party could declare moral bankruptcy, today\u2019s Republican Party would be in Chapter 11.
As negotiators headed to Copenhagen in December 2009 to forge a global climate pact, concerned U.S. business leaders and
The investigation that led CIA Director David Petraeus to resign and ultimately plead guilty to a criminal charge of mishandling
There\u2019s no strategist pulling the strings, and no collection of burn-it-all-down aides egging him on. At the heart of the
ALBUQUERQUE \u2014 As he does at nearly all his rallies, Donald Trump made a dramatic promise to thousands of his followers at
Hillary Clinton opened her general election campaign against Donald Trump on Wednesday by accusing him of behaving like a
He likes winning.
Polls didn\u2019t indicate she had such a large lead, but the AP\u2019s Monday night call could have affected the race.
The Bernie Sanders campaign began less as an attempt to capture the nomination than as an effort to gain leverage over Hillary
A short history of women's political firsts.
But his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton's overall lead appears insurmountable.
The racial diversity on his campaign isn't so great either.
\I hope [Hillary Clinton] trounces him.\
The Mount Rushmore state adds to Clinton\u2019s lead among pledged delegates.
The primary results mean Ro Khanna will again challenge Rep. Mike Honda, a fellow Democrat.
The science guy says the party needs to expand its outreach, and Donald Trump certainly isn't helping.
When Donald Trump attacked a federal judge whose parents were born in Mexico, Hispanic Americans were outraged.
People aren't sure what the difference is between two separate groups that have \la raza\ in their names.
But he probably won't.
\You all know that it is more than Bernie \u2014 it is all of us together,\u201d he told his supporters Tuesday night.
\Don't use Hillary Clinton as an excuse, as a blank check to say racist things about people born in Indiana.\
It's all over but the shouting.
The Des Moines Register issued the scathing editorial as the senator seeks re-election.
Michael \Flip\ Wilson stopped working as a miner more than a year ago. Then the hard work began.
He sort of apologized for being racist, then went on Fox News and told his party to \get over it.\
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The students pictured have all lost their lives to senseless gun violence.
Republican voters have rallied behind Donald Trump. House Speaker Paul Ryan has endorsed him after a few weeks of dithering
The public has little sympathy for his claims about bias.
Some poor sucker could get the surprise of his life.
Yassssss, queen.
Surprise!
\ud83d\udd25
\The struggle continues,\ he said.
Sorry, Republicans, but he said what he said.
He rallied in Fargo, Grand Forks and Bismarck.
\I will not stand silent if the party of Lincoln and the end of slavery buckles under the racial bias of a bigot.\
OK, buddy.
WICHITA, Kan. \u2014\u00a0Top officials within Charles Koch\u2019s powerful policy network plan to meet with aides to presumptive Republican
\He\u2019s obviously stepped in it,\ said Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.).
The anti-poverty initiative calls for focusing government assistance programs on work and job training.
Guns are the new abortion. During the confirmation battles over Supreme Court nominees in the 1980s and 1990s, it sometimes
That's an attorney who knows seeking recusal is a bad idea.
Even though Hillary Clinton has won the Democratic Presidential nomination, she is hoping to solidify her victory with wins
Sasse Making GOP Enemies With Anti-Trump Crusade
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 Florida's attorney general personally solicited a political contribution from Donald Trump around the same
Donald Trump falsely claimed Iran is \u201ctaking over the oil\u201d in Iraq.
Bernie Sanders says he\u2019ll keep fighting, in part because polls show him doing better against Donald Trump than Clinton does.
Speaker Paul Ryan and House Republicans rolled out a new plan on Tuesday to fight poverty and help Americans move up the
\What matters here is winning and losing, first and foremost,\ the New Jersey governor says.
Donald Trump is running on the erroneous belief that ending regulations, particularly environmental ones, is the key to faster
His supporters made threatening phone calls to a reporter.
It\u2019s an emblematically annoying ending to the Democratic campaign, one that reflects both the acrimony between Hillary Clinton
LOS ANGELES \u2014 Hillary Clinton became the presumptive Democratic nominee on Monday night, but Bernie Sanders still has a big
Bernie Sanders left it all in California.
Hey, Donald
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
It\u2019s election season in a vast country riven by racial tension, religious extremism, rampant inequality, crumbling infrastructure
Donald Trump tried to raise money from the regime of Libyan dictator Muammar al-Qaddafi two years before a 2011 revolution
We\u2019re accustomed to political crises that move from the outside in.\u00a0We know that the coverup is often worse than the crime
A dozen Mexican states held elections on Sunday, and\u2014ho-hum\u2014the center-right National Action Party, or PAN, appears to have
See which candidates lead the pack for their party\u2019s nomination, look up election dates and watch live updates on election
The Senate minority leader hammered Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley for supporting the GOP standard-bearer.
It'd be the best team-up since Scylla met Charybdis.
He accuses NPR of picking on him to find \the poison dart to kill Donald Trump.\
\I have voted for Hillary Clinton for president of the United States and proud to endorse her for that position.\
Republican Party leaders hoped that Donald Trump would seize the window of time between the end of the primary and the start
The goal was to separate people from their money.
The Obama administration told public schools that transgender students must be able to use the bathroom of their choice.
HuffPost is launching a Mexican edition, because our neighbor is crucial to us and the world, especially in the time of a would-be caudillo named Trump.
I'm rubber, you're glue!
Sen. Mark Kirk is the first member of Congress to rescind his support of Donald Trump.
Because what Trump has is a message problem, not a racism one.
\I don\u2019t think there's any way you could look at this data and not come away with a tremendous sense of urgency.\
There's a lot to keep track of.
[head-exploding gif]
The anti-poverty plan was meant to separate House Republicans from Trump. Paul Ryan just connected the two.
Sanders supporters will gather in Chicago later this month to figure out how to move forward.
It's time to stop excusing his behavior and treat him like a grown adult.
Sanders got as far as he did because of a terrible, lopsided economy -- and that's not going away.
It is time.
Rights groups say the release could endanger immigrants.
His racist attacks? He'll change. He said it, not me. He just got emotional. Gotta go!
\A good yes man.\
The California attorney general and Senate hopeful questioned Trump's ability to carry out the duties of the presidency.
The donation, Trump said, was in \honor of my late brother, Fred Trump.\
\When I saw Donald Trump mock someone with a disability, it showed me his soul, it showed me his heart.\
There are several good reasons why presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton might want to choose Sen. Elizabeth
SINCE HIS DEATH a few days ago, countless tributes to Muhammad Ali have brought to life the memories of his extraordinary
She is hoping to cross the threshold of 2,382 delegates needed to secure the nomination on Tuesday night.
A new survey finds voters aren't convinced she's a champion of the average American.
Donald Trump is a candidate without a campaign \u2013 and it\u2019s becoming a serious problem.
In a roomful of oil and gas executives in North Dakota late last month, Donald Trump reiterated his threat to \u201ccancel\u201d the
Some Republicans worry that Donald Trump will revive the racially polarizing politics of the past, when the GOP suffered
During a Monday conference call with supporters, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee overruled a directive sent
A split is emerging inside the Bernie Sanders campaign over whether the senator should stand down after Tuesday\u2019s election
In a year of supposed anger at the establishment, not a single congressional Republican has lost his or her primary.
Hillary Clinton has the edge, but the close primary helps Bernie Sanders justify staying in the race.
This is how Republicans caved.
GOP leaders attempt to domesticate Trump with the passive voice.
Gingrich called Trump's racist remarks a mistake.
Two hours after saying it would hear two questions raised by a death row inmate, the court narrowed the case.
Mitt Romney saw a spring polling bump, too, in 2012.
A growing number of Republican lawmakers and strategists fear that Donald Trump\u2019s hostile remarks about minorities and his
They also ripped Republicans who've endorsed Trump.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The expert told the jury that Buck Duane was more likely to be dangerous in the future because he's black.
And it deeply pains Al Gore's top aide to see it.
She still needs to deal with Bernie Sanders.
This is just getting embarrassing.
The racist attacks on a federal judge stick in his craw.
Ben Sasse, we salute you!
He's no longer pretending.
Oh, FFS.
The California primary is the final big contest in the Democrats' long, bitter nomination fight
Donald Trump, whose campaign for president has crashed through one barrier after another, has again moved his candidacy into
Trump previously said a U.S. District Court judge treated him in a \hostile manner\ due to the judge\u2019s Mexican heritage.
Republicans just want to win the White House, he says.
\u201cI was for something, but I wasn't for what we have right now.\
He didn't admit his son committed a crime. He called it \u201c20 minutes of action.\u201d
Sometimes, activism works.
Secretary Clinton asserts she has already won.\u00a0 But even if she is correct, a big vote for Bernie in the upcoming final primaries could help her and Democrats win the general election against Trump.
Ali's personal pursuit of fair treatment under the law began about two years before mine. With the Vietnam War raging and young men subject to a mandatory military draft, Ali and I both sought official designation as conscientious objectors to war and killing.
This week the nation looked on, horrified, as a silverback gorilla threatened a captive who looked unable to escape. I'm talking, of course, about Donald Trump, who is turning out to be every bit as dangerous and unstable as predicted. After he continued to attack the judge in the Trump University lawsuit, the judge unsealed documents showing how staffers were encouraged to prey on the vulnerable. \It was really a fraud,\ said New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, \from beginning to end.\ And in that way, a true reflection of its namesake. But perhaps it sealed the deal for Speaker Paul Ryan, who, after hesitating, endorsed Trump, showing his principles to be worth as much as a Trump U real estate class. Rising to the occasion were Michigan Governor Rick Snyder, who declined to endorse Trump, and former CIA and NSA chief Michael Hayden, who described Trump's rhetoric as \feeding\ ISIS's recruitment videos. And you don't have to be a genius to see Trump for who he is, but it doesn't hurt. He's \a demagogue who seems to appeal to the lowest common denominator,\ said Stephen Hawking. Nothing theoretical about that.
Trump hasn't been running against the establishment.  He's not even running against Hillary Clinton.  He's running against the Constitution.  And that means one thing.  He's running against the one thing that has always made America great.

There are reasons to be skeptical that the wall on the border would ever be built. Putting a ban on Muslims entering the
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton have both offered plans to solve Puerto Rico's debt crisis.
Polls show Sanders has chipped away at Clinton's lead in the state.
On the morning of May 29, 2014, an overcast Thursday in Washington, DC, the general counsel of the Office of the Director
\Every day there\u2019s another piece of evidence that exposes this small, insecure money-grubber.\u201d
Ben Stein, writer, economist, actor and Republican, has seen a lot of elections but none like this. \u201cIt has been an extremely
Denial is an amazing thing.
\And the world is better for it.\
Not so subtle.
Not to mention that call to ban all members of his religion.

In the end, Muhammad Ali wasn't just the most important athlete of his time. He was a unified human being. His occupation was inseparable from his aspirations, his spiritual ideals inseparable his worldly activities. That's an important lesson for any historical moment, and for this moment more than most.
In addition to all of the other critical issues Bernie Sanders has raised, he has done our nation and the cause of peace a service by bringing the matter of Israel/Palestine into the national debate. It belongs there and deserves to be discussed on its merits, without rancor and without fear.
Donald Trump's attack on Judge Gonzalo Curiel is despicable. Saying that someone has an \inherent conflict of interest\ because of their heritage is pretty much a textbook example of racism.

AS DONALD Trump was building a campaign on lies, bigotry, insults, fearmongering and unreason, a few Republican leaders of
Donald Trump said that the federal judge presiding over a lawsuit brought by former Trump University students has an \absolute
Call them Hillary\u2019s home-state haters.
FiveThirtyEight\u2019s new pollster ratings highlight recent controversies in the field over internet polling.
As the Bernie Sanders campaign winds down toward its inevitable demise, one segment of his radical supporters has cast longing
To hear Hillary Clinton tell it, letting Donald J. Trump anywhere near the Oval Office would be tantamount to inviting a
Thursday night, at the San Jose Convention Center, Donald Trump offered a very Trumpian theory for why Hillary Clinton, a
Democrats in Washington have begun discussing how to encourage Sen. Bernie Sanders to end his campaign without alienating
WICHITA \u2014 In the years after he graduated from MIT, long before he became the arch-nemesis of liberals, Charles Koch read
A Donald Trump campaign staffer and a private security guard removed a POLITICO reporter from a campaign rally here on Thursday
Michelle Obama has delivered a withering attack on Donald Trump, warning a graduating class of New York students, and through
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Reports suggest campaign contributions or other backroom dealings may have played a role.
The White House issued 42 more commutations on Friday. Nearly half for those were for people facing life sentences.
Key Clinton confidante says Trump is \the dog who's caught the firetruck.\
\On the Media\ radio host Bob Garfield says the press is failing to convey the national emergency of Trump's ascendancy.
All that outrage over Trump's statements? Eh, never mind.
Don't get conned.
Violence continues to plague the GOP presumptive nominee's campaign events.
\If they are going to detain us as innocent men, then they are obligated to afford us the rights to defend ourselves and emotionally connect to our families.\
The Illinois General Assembly has passed a bill that is headed to the governor's desk.
Her top aide says she has the right tools to attack. Now, can they work the press?
This chart combines the latest opinion polls on the Democratic primary race in California
Christine Todd Whitman can't bring herself to support a racist reality TV star for president.
Vets in Congress says HB 2 is \unconscionable\ and should be repealed ASAP.
Leaving a legacy is important to many people, and some would be honored to have anything to carry on their name \u2014 a street
Much of the awe and fear inspired by Donald Trump's presidential campaign arises very obviously from his successful defiance
The new official deleted old tweets in which she criticized Trump.
A Patriot Movement supporter, approved by the Trump campaign, talks of violently overthrowing the federal government.
Republicans are lining up behind Donald Trump, but Bill Kristol is still trying to stop him. Too bad pundits are conflating
Polls and chart for 2016 California Democratic Presidential Primary.
Gov. Rick Snyder has sidelined himself in the race for president, choosing not to make an endorsement of Republican presidential
Donald Trump
A common refrain is that demographics will ultimately doom Donald Trump\u2019s candidacy.
If states do not implement voter ID laws to prevent widespread \u201cvoter fraud\u201d at the ballot box this November, right-wing
A borrower taking out a $500 loan could still pay over 300 percent in annual interest, despite new rules designed to crack
The president took a fresh swipe at the presumptive GOP  nominee's failure to provide policy specifics.
An analysis of whether Trump is a \spoiler\ or a \game-changer\ and what that means for his possible paths in the general
Donald Trump on Wednesday night charged Hillary Clinton was misrepresenting his position by saying he wants nuclear arms
\I've stayed out of the whole thing, and I'm going to continue to,\ said Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder
As deaths of the rare cats mount, the Lone Star state finally builds safe passage around dangerous roads.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
So much for holding out on that.
Solicitor General Donald Verrilli has been at the forefront of many of the country's hottest legal disputes.
Oh, the chyrony!
\She respects the Justice Department decision.\
\I would be very concerned with Mr. Trump's ability to know what he can and can't discuss.\
School suspensions = $$$$$.
June 2 is National Gun Violence Awareness Day.
Conrad Hafen has \complete disregard for the law,\ a group of 150 lawyers alleges in a complaint.
Warns of violence if Democratic president appoints liberal judges to Supreme Court.
\I think that there has been a healthy debate in the Democratic Party, and it's almost over.\
They're busily blowing their big chance this year.
\Vote for folks who are civil and who are making arguments and using logic and presenting evidence, not just somebody who is popping off.\
Her boss allegedly called her military reserve duties a problem.
Americans don\u2019t know them or their beliefs. Gary Johnson is a good example.
The news icon reminded Americans that \the pen is mightier than the sword.\
She called his foreign policy \dangerously incoherent\ and said he was \temperamentally unfit\ to serve as president.
Now the panel just needs the funding to complete its investigation.
\Trump is unlike any presidential candidate we have seen and he is fundamentally unfit to be our commander in chief.\
Donald Trump has been anything but a conventional Republican presidential candidate.
Five years into a surge of anti-abortion legislation, experts say women are increasingly turning to dangerous methods to
The head of Hispanic media relations at the Republican National Committee is resigning this month in what appears to be another
\u201cMy whole life I\u2019ve been greedy, greedy, greedy,\u201d Donald Trump has said.
A broad coalition of 45 signatories, including civil liberties, racial justice, human rights, and privacy organizations, published
Sheldon Adelson\u2019s advisers are in talks about setting up a new Donald Trump super PAC that could become the central outside
Anti-abortion lawmakers\u2019 dogged focus on restricting Planned Parenthood\u2019s activities \u2014 which they say is about protecting
When news broke that Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe was under investigation\u00a0by the Justice Department and that his campaign
In his still improbable path to the White House, Donald Trump has an opening, right through the middle of the country. From
When Donald Trump appeared at the N.R.A.\u2019s recent national convention, he had a simple message
An internal investigation into one of the most notorious night raids conducted by special operations forces in Afghanistan
Donald Trump has pitched himself as an insurgent who will upend Washington, but he is privately telling big donors that he\u2019s
In an election cycle that has brought unending surprises, let it be said that one time-honored tradition has been upheld
Even as Sen. Bernie Sanders continues to insist he can win the Democratic nomination, several prominent liberals have lined
A wave of prominent Republicans have announced their intention to skip the party\u2019s national convention in Cleveland this
What could possibly be more ulcer-inducing than being a member of the endlessly repudiated and humiliated Republican establishment
USA TODAY analysis finds 3,500 legal actions by and against Trump, fighting everyone from the government to the vodka makers
Pollsters have different ways of dealing with third-party candidates.
She still leads in most polls, but the margins have narrowed in recent weeks.
Pretend Hillary Clinton had a day like Trump did. Now think about how the press would cover it.
The president's support of increasing retirement benefits is a major win for the Democratic Party's progressive wing.
The actor has told residents not to trust earlier assurances.
Dionisio Garza III used an AR-15 military-style rifle to carry out a bloody attack -- which could have been even more tragic.
Disclosure laws in this country really do suck.
Bush- and Obama-era expansions of executive power are coming home to roost.
In the case of Trump Tower, the 6,000-square-foot public atrium, which is lined with pink marble, must be open to the public between 8 a.m. and 10 p.m. every day.
A praise chorus.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\u201cI don\u2019t know enough about French to say.\
In a new HuffPost/YouGov poll, most voters say they've never heard of the candidate, let alone his positions.
\Virtually every civilization\u2019s norms on this issue stand in protest.\
\You could see the pain in her heart,\ the hospital's chief OBGYN said of the mom after her baby was born.
\Have we really forgotten what just happened eight years ago?\
More than 300 people in prison could benefit from the policy.
Stephen Breyer and Ruth Bader Ginsburg are virtually alone in this effort.
Anybody who still believes Donald Trump\u2019s appeal to the Republican base arises from any remotely concrete policy agenda \u2014 this
ALBANY \u2014 Not leaving it to divine chance, the state Catholic Conference has turned in recent years to some of Albany\u2019s most
NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 Under pressure to account for money he claimed to raise for veterans, an irritated Donald Trump lambasted
Bill Kristol is considering recruiting David French to run against Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, two Republicans tell
LOUISVILLE, KENTUCKY \u2014 During a seminar on \u201chome defense concepts\u201d at the National Rifle Association\u2019s annual meeting in
Yes, that controversy is still alive.
As Donald Trump prepared for the Republican primaries, he transferred dozens of his most prized assets, the \u201cTrump\u201d trademarks
North Korean state media has praised US presidential hopeful Donald Trump, describing him as a \u201cwise politician\u201d and \u201cfar
Concerned about losing an important Senate seat, top Republicans are waging a not-so-subtle campaign to persuade Florida
He\u2019s too rich and out-of-touch to understand the problems facing average Americans. He\u2019s hiding something in his tax returns
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
WASHINGTON -- For those of us with a certain political bent and background, this is the most depressing moment of all. The
In a locker room at the University of Bridgeport in Connecticut, people are waiting in line to get their pictures taken with
BUENA PARK, Calif. \u2014 Rallying hundreds of service workers who are struggling to get by, Hillary Clinton tried here last week
Tuesday marks four weeks since Donald Trump won the Indiana Republican primary, forcing fellow presidential candidates Ted
Army colonel effectively conspired to destroy evidence to defend Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, accused architect of the terror
Choosing a running mate is one of the first major decisions that a presidential nominee makes; it\u2019s an early window into
Contrary to what Trump himself has said.
Hewlett Packard Inc. has joined a growing list of major corporations that are declining to help pay for the Republican National
The struggling Trump Taj Mahal casino is no longer owned by the presumptive GOP nominee.
Stephen Hawking has said that he fails to understand the popularity of Donald Trump, the presumptive US Republican presidential
Ted Cruz\u2019s associates insist he\u2019s returning to the Senate as the same uncompromising, hell-bent conservative he\u2019s always
\Someone got into the Facebook somehow.\
If Texas' lieutenant governor is so worried about federal overreach, why isn't he talking about the state's colleges and universities?
Donald Trump claims a net worth of more than $10 billion and income of $557 million. But he appears to get there only by
Her campaign continues to dodge the question.
The iconic satirical publication is set to have a very fun year.
Gary Johnson is officially the Libertarian nominee for president. He's also one of the quirkier politicians you'll meet.
The typically outspoken candidate claims he just wanted to keep his giving \u201cprivate.\u201d
Clinton is the \only path forward to win the presidency and stop the dangerous candidacy of Donald Trump,\ he said.
The government also staunchly opposes turning over the \sensitive\ personal information of undocumented immigrants.
Beau Biden joined the National Guard in 2003 and served in Iraq.
They urged voters to rally around Clinton to combat Donald Trump's anti-immigrant statements.
And they don\u2019t think the parties are helping.
Harambe surpassed the Republican candidate in trending Internet searches.
As a witness to the removal of fallen U.S. troops from Afghanistan, Army Chaplain Christopher John Antal can\u2019t recall a time
Chicago (CNN)\u00a0Former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder says Edward Snowden performed a \public service\ by triggering a debate
Undocumented immigrants eager to seek relief under Obama\u2019s executive actions could expose themselves to Trump\u2019s mass deportation
SAN DIEGO \u2014 Donald Trump could have taken a victory lap last week. Instead, he went on a grudge tour.
We'll miss out on another great opportunity to entertain ourselves to death.
The Supreme Court nominee made no mention of the turmoil around his confirmation.
The White House has returned to \normal operations\ after a partial lockdown triggered when an individual threw a metal object
\He's feeding their recruitment video.\
\We have to make sure they get everything they have earned -- from good health care to good jobs.
Claimed it was a dare.
Being in the midst of history sometimes mean events are not seen in the \big picture\ view that historians often later take, when looking back at the period.
The Sanders campaign is mounting a last ditch effort to persuade most of the 712 super-delegates (541 of whom have already declared for Clinton) to reconsider, on the premise that Sanders has the better shot at beating Trump. They're increasingly in a go-for-broke mood. Many Sanders supporters are far more militant than Sanders himself, and some are openly expressing the hope that Clinton will be indicted for some aspect of the email dust up. That seems highly improbable. However, Clinton has been unable to catch a break. The theme of her campaign has been experience and competence, but her improper use of a private email server suggested neither. It gives Trump a huge opening to challenge her honesty and probably signals a further decline in voter trust in Clinton.
Democrats could hardly believe their good fortune last month when it became clear that Hillary Clinton was headed to a general
\If there's an opportunity to serve again in a way that I feel passionate about, I'll most certainly think I would explore it.\
A federal judge has ordered the release of internal Trump University documents in an ongoing lawsuit against the company
After overcoming a contested convention, the party now needs to scale up fast enough to make a difference in the November election.
Six months ago, Senate Republicans denounced the policy as contrary to American values.
\We're going to rebuild our military and we're going to take care of our veterans,\ Trump told the crowd of thousands.
Even Trump allies are questioning the wisdom of this move.
Officials are gearing up for the thousands of demonstrators expected outside the convention.
\We're in front of a very hostile judge. The judge was appointed by Barack Obama.\
\That is the candidate's job to do.\
\It's not who I am and I shouldn't have done it.\

This week Donald Trump crossed the delegate threshold he needs to secure the Republican nomination. And the nation crossed the danger threshold of electing the most unstable, unready and extreme president in U.S. history. But not to worry, says Paul Manafort. In an interview with HuffPost's Howard Fineman, the Trump campaign manager assures us Trump will show America he can \fill the chair.\ And that ban on Muslims? \He's already started moderating on that,\ Manafort said. \He operates by starting the conversation at the outer edges and then brings it back towards the middle. Within his comfort zone, he'll soften it some more.\ The problem is that softened racism, xenophobia and misogyny are no less dangerous. Though the media, which has already retreated to horserace coverage, won't call Trump out, others will. Sheila Foster Anthony, sister of the late Vince Foster, spoke up about Trump's airing of conspiracy theories about her brother's death. \It is beyond contempt,\ she wrote, \that a politician would use a family tragedy to further his candidacy.\ But that's where Trump lives. And it should never be a part of America's comfort zone.

So, can the masses be trusted?  How do you define the masses?  Will they show up to vote?  Will they be organized?  Will they be fist-fighting just outside the polls?
The never-ending, House-controlled GOP investigating committees have not found and will not find any new improprieties in the email flap. But that won't stop yet another committee from trying mightily to manufacture them.

San Diego police said on Twitter that 35 arrests were made during the protest.
A week ago, New York Daily News columnist and Bernie Sanders supporter Shaun King tweeted the following about the Democratic
More than 2.5 million Americans will head to airports this weekend dreading their encounters with a common adversary
Memorial Day is upon us, our 15th since the dawning of the Era of the AUMF, and you\u2019d think smart people would have learned
SAN DIEGO \u2013 As hundreds of protesters outside his rally here Friday afternoon chanted obscenities, waved Mexican flags and
The leaders of the Republican and Democratic national parties have had a reversal of fortune over the course of a head-spinning
Sen. Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign has moved to remove Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy and former Massachusetts Rep
For Hillary Clinton, the week that Donald Trump finally sealed the Republican presidential nomination should to have been
It's official:\u00a0Donald Trump will be the Republican presidential nominee\u00a0this fall. He crested the crucial 1,237-delegate
It started with dog feces. One day, someone took a service animal to the iconic Hollywood Walk of Fame and the dog did its
His campaign accuses Barney Frank and Dan Malloy of \professional, political and personal hostility toward the Senator and his Campaign.\
On Wednesday, after days of looking, Karen Furia, 65, finally found what she was searching for
At the party's convention this weekend, activists were not happy with the leading candidate's libertarian credentials.
\If I win, believe me, we\u2019re going to start opening up the water.\
Tension boiled over after the latest rally in Donald Trump's campaign through California.
The presumptive Republican nominee stuck to his public position during a private meeting with Paul Ryan
New developments in Saudi Arabia and Iran, related to the oil market, may precipitate the emergence of a new battleground in the rivalry between the two countries. This article seeks to investigate where the Saudi-Iran confrontation may lead and whether it could result in the death of OPEC (Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries).
Responding to voters deeply felt needs, Sanders has given birth to a true progressive movement that, if understood, embraced, and, most importantly, sustained, can, as he has noted, bring revolutionary change to America. It is a phenomenon.


This Memorial Day, find a way to honor the veterans with parades, visits to monuments and national parks where they are featured, and put a flower next to a gravesite of a fallen hero. And let's spend the other 364 days in the year fighting just as hard for them as they have for us!

ANAHEIM, Calif. \u2014 Senator Bernie Sanders may be trailing Hillary Clintonby hundreds of delegates, and Mrs. Clinton may be
Bernie Sanders has no realistic path to the Democratic nomination. Despite the protestations of postmodern mathematicians
Hillary Clinton would have won more votes anyway.
BISMARCK, N.D. \u2014 A constant stream of changes and scuffles are roiling\u00a0Donald J. Trump\u2019s campaign team, including the abrupt
Congress abandoned the Capitol Thursday for an almost two-week break without addressing how to combat Zika, even as public
WASHINGTON, May 26 (Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Thursday ordered that all videotaped depositions in a lawsuit over Democratic
\ufeffWhen Hillary Clinton's son-in-law sought funding for his new hedge fund in 2011, he found financial backing from one of
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Classmates and a teacher of Wildin Acosta came to D.C. to call for his release from detention.
The country's high court has never ruled on a main question of the lawsuit.
Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, promised on Thursday to roll back some of America's most ambitious
This might work.
Good for a family comedy, not great for the nation's high court.
He'll just have to debate the first place finisher, \probably Crooked Hillary Clinton.\
And we still have months to go!
\Amongst those nations like my own that own nuclear stockpiles, we must have the courage to escape the logic of fear and pursue a world without them,\ he said.
\We remember all the innocents killed in the arc of that terrible war.\
She said her former colleague was \possessed of a rare talent for making even the most somber judge smile.\
NEW YORK, May 25 (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has fired his national political director
A recanvass of Kentucky's Democratic presidential primary results found Clinton won the contest by 1,911 votes.
A provision snuck into the still-secret text of the Senate\u2019s annual intelligence authorization would give the FBI the ability
HILLARY CLINTON\u2019S use of a private email server while secretary of state from 2009 to 2013 has been justifiably criticized
The business mogul joked he'd do it for charity.
SANTA MONICA, Calif.\u2014This is how a revolution ends
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 AP count
Protesters say they come in peace, and police say they come prepared, but some participants are still skittish.
Hillary Clinton is poised to start airing her first television commercials in California on Friday, a campaign official tells
Donald Trump\u2019s efforts to coalesce the GOP around his candidacy were going well.
Democrats have suggested Trump's inflammatory statements and policy positions will help them win down-ballot races, but prominent Latino groups say it's not so easy.
\We had a very good and very productive phone call,\ Ryan told reporters.
The party is trying to convince voters it's the one they should trust on ballot access.
They want major changes made to a control board that would oversee the island's debt restructuring.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Two years ago, the Times Magazine put on its cover a photocopied image of Rand Paul, accompanied by a provocative headline
A Utah newspaper published an op-ed by Sen. Orrin Hatch saying the meeting hadn't changed his mind about Garland. There was just one problem.
The two could face off if a network is willing to make a donation.
The urban-rural gap could be as influential as race and gender on the presidential election.
There's no \gold standard\ anymore.
She must be getting under his skin.
Their views vary depending on what their favorite candidate says.
Should we be excited for changes to a law everyone says is broken?
When Donald Trump wrapped up the Republican presidential nomination on May 3 by winning Indiana and forcing Ted Cruz from
\Imagine a world\ where America has complete energy independence. Imagine -- it's easy if you try.
The person you didn't want to have a meeting with was her whip.
A shortage of staff and a surge in air travelers have created a nightmare scenario for the U.S. Transportation Security Administration.
Fact check!
Sad!
Corporate life is so much easier without government regulations.
Some couldn't accept a provision that prevents government contractors from firing people for being gay.
Come on, Donald.
Don't delete arguments you solicit.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz has increasingly fewer allies and champions. But she's got time and Hillary Clinton on her side.
Republicans are expected to finalize their pick when delegates vote during the July 18-21 convention in Cleveland.
Probuphine's path to approval has not been smooth.
\Three months in an epidemic is an eternity.\
Everyone knows how this is going to end.
Top executive pay has skyrocketed by 997 percent in 36 years.
Governor Greg Abbott is digging in.
ExxonMobil moved to squash a well-established congressional lecture series on climate science just nine days after the presidential
With some people I know in panic mode about the\u00a0latest opinion polls showing Donald Trump performing well\u00a0in a prospective
Donald Trump, who in recent days has accused Bill Clinton of rape and suggested he and Hillary Clinton may have had a role
Let\u2019s be clear about our nation\u2019s plight
Democrats on Capitol Hill are discussing whether Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz should step down as Democratic National Committee
A lot has been made of Bernie Sanders\u2019s appeal with independent voters\u00a0during the Democratic presidential primary.
Ryan has maintained he is not ready to endorse Trump.
The knives are out for Debbie Wasserman Schultz on Capitol Hill.
The internal struggle for control of Donald Trump\u2019s presidential campaign is getting personal, with allies of feuding campaign
As the Democratic primary heads toward a predictable but potentially acrimonious conclusion, questions abound about how the
Donald Trump signed off on a controversial business deal that was designed to deprive the US Government of tens of millions
He doesn\u2019t have a path to the nomination, but Sanders\u2019 presence is still felt in the polls.
Donald Trump is an electoral disaster \u2014 the most unpopular major-party nominee in the history of polling. The most hated
The island has a critical $2 billion payment due July 1.
The State Department\u2019s independent watchdog has issued a highly critical analysis of Hillary Clinton\u2019s email practices while
He finally shows he's self-aware.
Nearly every new American president of the modern era has viewed the nation\u2019s immigration policies as deeply flawed.
With polls warning that Hillary Clinton could lose the presidential election if she does not find a way to unite Bernie Sanders
South Carolina is the 17th state to approve such a ban.
\I won't stop saying it.\
The senator sticks with his principles.
Could there be a better VP than Beyonc\u00e9? \ud83c\udf4b
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\Can we pass equal pay laws and give women control of their own health-care decisions when women represent just 20 percent of Congress?\
Trump has \u201cruined a lot of the work that the Libre Initiative, and Hispanic pro-liberty activists have been doing.\
HOUSTON \u2014 The East Texas woman who claimed President Obama was a drug-addicted gay prostitute in his youth was defeated in
Can we see Obama lay down some more verses before he leaves office?
NO AMERICAN HAS\u00a0been more associated with the Navy SEAL mystique than Chris Kyle, known as the deadliest sniper in military
State Department inspector general highly critical of Clinton's use of a server in her home.
Marcel Lazar, who used the alias \Guccifer,\ entered his guilty plea before a judge in Alexandria, Virginia.
The federal government is requiring public schools to allow trans students to use bathrooms that match their gender identity.
\Don't hurt him ... I say that for the television cameras,\ Trump said.
The state already had similar laws on the books.
He looks set to shake up what\u2019s traditionally a very staid affair.
The provision aims to tackle work-related burnout.
At the recent premiere of HBO\u2019s drama All the Way at the National Archives in Washington, there was a moment that prompted
So why not release them?
Hillary Clinton wants to bring back the 1990s. She has touted her husband\u2019s economic record\u2014\u201cthe longest peacetime expansion
Since launching her campaign for the White House last year, Hillary Clinton has become a vocal supporter of comprehensive
Top Bernie Sanders supporters Dr. Cornel West and Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.) will be among those on the Democratic Party's
Gary Johnson might be on the verge of becoming a household name.
Among Republicans, every discussion of health policy in this presidential-election year has begun with the assumption that
WASHINGTON \u2014 Leaders of the Republican Party have begun internal deliberations over making fundamental changes to the way
Now that he's locked up the Republican nomination, Donald Trump is racing to upgrade his campaign headquarters \u2014 including
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is reviving some of the ugliest political chapters of the 1990s with escalating
Bernie, stay just a little bit longer.
Bacterial testing of lakes, rivers and other surface water has been cut by more than two-thirds in the last decade.
One afternoon in January of 2012, a Los Angeles dog walker named Lauren Kornberg was taking a stroll through Griffith Park
The question of how extreme is too extreme for Texas Republican voters may be answered on Tuesday evening, when voters are
Ask a vulnerable Republican senator on the ballot this fall about Donald Trump, and chances are you\u2019ll get an uncomfortable
Shmuley Boteach promotes himself as \u201cAmerica\u2019s rabbi\u201d and \u201cthe most famous rabbi in America.\u201d A man of many hustles, he has
The two candidates likely to square off in November's general election are both disliked or even hated by roughly six in
\The point is transparency,\ Sanders' aide Larry Cohen said on CNN.
Hoggan came under fire at a U.S. House Oversight Committee hearing on May 12 for receiving over $90,000 in bonuses and awards over a 13-month period in 2013-14.
The morning after Anthony Weiner finished a dismal fifth place in the Democratic primary of the last mayoral race, he gathered
He was indicted on charges including wire fraud, unauthorized access of protected computer, aggravated identity theft, cyberstalking and obstruction of justice.
While Congress hasn't passed funding to deal with the virus, the House did decide to use the issue to undermine clean water rules.
\African Americans will disproportionately bear this burden,\ the judge determined.
The bipartisan legislation, which would reduce mandatory minimum sentences for nonviolent offenders, is waiting to be brought up for a vote.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
As his path to the presidential nomination narrows, Hillary Clinton and party officials are granting Sanders and his supporters concessions.
A SHOUTY typeface is not only annoying, but also dangerous.
\To be clear, the notion that this was a murder is a fiction, borne of delusion,\ Jake Tapper said in response to Trump's attempt to tie the Clintons to an aide's death.
Bob McDonald said something dumb. Now he's paying for it.
Oregon city\u2019s education board will now insist on teaching that \u2018the climate crisis is created by human beings.'
May 24 (Reuters) - Federal prosecutors will seek the death penalty for a white man accused of killing nine black parishioners
Trump railed against his rivals for being bought by special interests. He's now cozying up to the same special interests.
Voters in South Dakota and Washington state will get to decide.
The Maine governor claims a student repeatedly overdosed on heroin in one week. The high school says it's not true.
A Rhode Island city that counts inmates, but doesn't represent them, violates the \one person, one vote\ principle.
Clinton's campaign released an ad with audio Trump recorded in 2006 in which he spoke of a \bubble burst\ that he \sort of hope... happens.\
He's asking supporters to donate to eight progressives.
The 2016 nominee honed his fighting skills against organizers of Miss Gay Universe pageants.
But be careful downplaying his chances too much.
Hanif Sangi immigrated to the U.S. from Pakistan, joined the Army and earned a Bronze Star.
A citywide water boil advisory in Corpus Christi is affecting people, schools and businesses alike.
District of Columbia v. Heller the Supreme Court\u2019s 2008 decision that upended decades of Second Amendment law and handed
The billionaire, who called global warming a hoax, warns of its dire effects in his company's application to build a sea
On a spring afternoon in 2014, Brisha Borden was running late to pick up her god-sister from school when she spotted an unlocked
Eight years ago, Democratic Party leaders were excited by their lineup of presidential contenders.
McAuliffe was co-chairman of Clinton's 1996 re-election campaign and chairman of Hillary Clinton's 2008 presidential bid.
Ice cream is a good starting point.
It's early, but polls show most Republicans are willing to vote for Trump.
Edward Nero was one of six officers involved in the arrest of 25-year-old Freddie Gray, who died in police custody last year.
Blagojevich began serving a 14-year prison sentence in 2012.
Many readers may have rolled their eyes when reading that headline (one editor literally groaned when this story idea was
Claims that their Virginia districts might be \flooded\ with Democrats weren't convincing.
She pointed to his not-so-great record with women.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
HuffPost wants to feature your cartoons on the 2016 election.
The governor of Louisiana is expected to sign a bill that will make any attack on a police officer a hate crime.
The bill would have forced cell phone companies to release phone locations in emergencies.
This is easily the best use of May 23, 2016.
Rep. Daniel Donovan says it's time to give Merrick Garland a break.
Trump is nearly tied with Hillary Clinton in polling averages, but it\u2019s what happens later in the summer and fall that will matter.
Just more evidence that domestic violence and guns are a deadly mix.
Because how to treat addiction isn't taught enough in medical schools.
Two weeks after Tom Perriello took office, he was being hit with attack ads.
A federal lawsuit alleging widespread confusion over California's presidential primary rules asks that voter registration
The last time information from Donald Trump\u2019s income-tax returns was made public, the bottom line was striking
Sanders has ignored growing Democratic calls to step aside and repeated his vow to stay in the race until the party convention.
A former Yale student has struggled for years to get the government to investigate her claims that a professor harassed her and that the school mishandled the case.
But she believes she will be the Democratic nominee.
The Senate is heading for a showdown over women registering for the draft. Supporters of requiring women to sign up for Selective
The hot-air scare came two days after an armed man was critically wounded outside White House grounds.
He told the NRA he would eliminate gun-free zones imposed in some areas.
There's something for everybody in his policy positions!
The last time the casino mogul's tax returns were made public, they showed just that.
With the havoc that could be wreaked by the Zika virus, the right-wing feel they must \find\ money in the budget to offset the research and development necessary to be ready for it. But, $25 billion to shut down the government?   Not a problem.
This week the nation watched as the #NeverTrump movement folded faster than one of the presumptive nominee's beachfront developments. As many tried to explain away Trump's reckless, racist extremism, a few put principle over party. The wife of former Republican Senator Bob Bennett, who died on May 4, revealed that her husband spent his dying hours reaching out to Muslims. \He would go to people with the hijab [on] and tell them he was glad they were in America,\ she told the Daily Beast. \He wanted to apologize on behalf of the Republican Party.\ In the U.K., Prime Minister David Cameron called Trump's proposal to ban Muslims from entering the U.S., \divisive, stupid and wrong.\ Trump's reply was that he didn't think he and Cameron would \have a very good relationship.\ The press is also doing its part to whitewash extremism. The New York Times called Trump's racism \a reductive approach to ethnicity,\ and said Trump's attitude toward women is \complex\ and \defies simple categorization,\ as if sexism is suddenly as complicated as string theory. Not everybody's going along. Bob Garfield, co-host of \On the Media,\ warned the press of the danger of normalizing Trump. \Every interview with Donald Trump, every single one should hold him accountable for bigotry, incitement, juvenile conduct and blithe contempt for the Constitution,\ he said. \The voters will do what the voters will do, but it must not be, cannot be because the press did not do enough.\

Donald Trump breaks the rules. For his followers, that's part of his appeal. Trump specializes in the lie. That, too, draws his followers to him.
At the outset of the general election, Hillary Clinton\u2019s campaign looks like a well-oiled juggernaut next to Donald Trump\u2019s
Like the upcoming sequel to Hollywood\u2019s 1996 blockbuster Independence Day, this summer Bill Clinton is hoping to revive the
For years seen as a losing battle, the push for gun control has become a central conflict of the 2016 presidential election
When the ball dropped in Times Square on Jan. 1 of this year, more than half of the country disapproved of the job that President
A powerful array of the Republican Party\u2019s largest financial backers remain deeply resistant to Donald J. Trump\u2019s presidential
Donald Trump insists he personally funded his primary campaign, but a new report filed by his presidential campaign tells
Matt Bruenig raised more than double his goal in just a few hours.
He also endorsed her primary challenger.
\Vice is a monster of so frightful mien, / As,\u00a0to be hated, needs but to be seen,\u201d the poet Alexander Pope wrote, in lines
Conservative and big-money allies of Donald Trump are laying the groundwork for him to visit Israel this summer, an idea
\We need to look at the root cause of the problem.\
Conventions of past centuries looked way different -- but they still had brawls.
Rep. Wasserman Schultz is facing a primary challenge for the first time this year, her opponent a law professor, activist and progressive Sanders supporter named Tim Canova. But the primary's not until late August, long after the Democratic National Convention.
Can we all just take a deep breath? I'm speaking to many Democratic voters as well as the bulk of the mainstream media here, just to clarify. Because far too many seem to currently be going off the deep end. But from where I sit, this is an overreaction to a very short-term situation.

Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has repeatedly trashed super PACs and claimed he would run as a candidate who couldn't be bought. Through the end of April, it looked like no one really wanted to try that anyway.


But those who are \u201cfrustrated\u201d view Clinton more positively than Trump.
Tweeting while president? Donald Trump won\u2019t have time for that, retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson said Friday.
Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren moves with the fleet-footed bounce of a featherweight fighter \u2014 an agile pugilist who has
The Republican candidate once backed a ban on assault weapons.
Donald Trump has another delegate with controversial views on matters of race. Meet Chicago mortgage banker Lori Gayne.
In an attempt to head off an ugly conflict at its convention this summer, the Democratic National Committee plans to offer
Hillary and Bill Clinton\u2019s highly paid speeches \u2014 whose transcripts they steadfastly refuse to release despite pressure on
It also makes it harder for UT to teach students about gender-neutral pronouns.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Donald Trump has officially taken aim at the environment. And environmentalists are starting to aim back.
He picked their friends, mentors and even family members for the job. Now let's see them oppose his agenda.
President Obama was not home at the time.
The bill approved by the Republican-dominated legislature would have made performing an abortion a felony.
Federal guidelines have specifically cautioned against repeatedly using stun guns on subjects.
The young immigrants didn't do anything wrong, but they could have their identities exposed to hostile state governments anyway.
Let's talk about how \magnanimity\ works, and how it will be on Hillary Clinton to show some.
State lawmakers also want to take down the U.S. attorney general and the U.S. secretary of education.
Sanders' campaign entered May with a cash balance that was dwarfed by Hillary Clinton's.
The new lobbying campaign comes amid attacks from Democratic politicians.
Time is running out for the beleaguered island.
News flash, Donald
The survey shows large majorities still rate their coverage highly.
Bob Bennett spent his last days letting Muslims know how sorry he was that an Islamophobe had become his party\u2019s all-but
Big promises are to be expected from presidential candidates, but reality often intrudes.
It was the night the American media were too demure to call Pussygate. At the time, Donald Trump had won nothing.
If more people were armed, Donald J. Trump says at rallies, mass shootings like those in Paris and San Bernardino would be
While the real estate mogul and likely Republican presidential nominee has boasted numerous times that he \u201cnever settles
Keep calm and look at the polling averages.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
A female colleague called the suggestion \utterly disrespectful and disgusting.\
The Republican Party\u2019s attempt to treat Donald Trump as a normal political candidate would be laughable were it not so perilous
The right to a speedy trial doesn't apply after conviction.
The Maryland man was named as a Trump delegate to the Republican National Convention.
Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney had the votes to sink the discriminatory measure. He was overruled.
Hopefully the third draft will do the trick.
What could go wrong?
It's not just about helping working moms and dads pay their bills.
Fighting the virus is tied to a bill that would allow fatigued truckers to stay on the road for more than 80 hours a week.
There's no end in sight for a war authorization that's been used for nearly 15 years.
The Florida senator says he would replace the current statue of a Confederate general with a tribute to the former Florida Gator.
Yes, that's the actual phone number for Judge Merrick Garland's office.
Lawyers for Chelsea Manning appealed her conviction on Thursday, calling it \u201cgrossly unfair and unprecedented\u201d and arguing
Biden touched on several hardships he's endured.
He's wrong ... again.
Public health organizations are asking GOP Sen. Orrin Hatch why he seems so protective of pharmaceutical profits in Colombia.
The House favors spending only half the Senate's $1.1 billion measure, and there's no compromise plan in sight.
Authorities have yet to determine why the plane went down.
\As people of faith, we affirm the right of every person to live free from violence, and we ask that you act now to protect that sacred right.\
How Donald Trump sees women \u2014 and how they see him \u2014 has become central to his bid for the presidency.
He's so excited!
Roughly half of the money raised to oppose a ballot measure to legalize recreational marijuana in California is coming from
The Alliance for Justice says Merrick Garland is \highly qualified\ to serve on the high court.
The next contests will be held June 7, with the final contest in Washington D.C. on June 14.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
A set of unpopular candidates is making the unknown look like an appealing alternative.
The Human Rights Campaign is bringing in a legal heavyweight to fight North Carolina's HB 2.
And he says they are only going to get worse!
\He is criticizing folks who are coming to an outcome that's different from his.\
Sixteen other states have passed similar laws.
We have way too much time on our hands.
A month ago, he told the New York Times the tweet was a mistake.
Conservatives have warned he may not be up to the task of replacing the late Justice Antonin Scalia.
Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and her son say family comes first.
The Obama administration is shoveling out regulations nearly one-third faster in its final year than during the previous
A House committee approved a controversial change to the way low-income children would qualify.
Lawmakers voted against publicly releasing informative, taxpayer-funded reports.
Here's a hint
The presumptive Republican nominee isn't exactly sure what he'd do, but he definitely doesn't trust China.
The first anti-Trump ads from this Clinton super PAC don't hold back.
Congress has stalled on revisiting the bill passed after the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
Apple, Ford and Nabisco all help boost the candidate's income.
Worth a shot, right?
But the VP says he's not worried about a rift in the Democratic Party.
It's the first time Sanders has won a primary closed to unaffiliated voters.
That seems high, but it\u2019s actually in line with their support for past Republicans.
It was a close race.
He says he wants to protect his \Texas values.\
There\u2019s been a lot of polling on the topic lately.
\Patriarchy and racism means I'm less likely to be thought the doctor, so that allows me to hide in the open.\
Top GOP senators dismissed the latest tactic from Senate Democrats in the ongoing contentious battle over confirming Merrick
Sen. James Inhofe thanks God that people like him are fighting Obama's \undemocratic edict\ supporting transgender rights.
But the House is on a completely different path.
\u201cKatcho Achadjian and Donald Trump. Two anti-immigrant Republicans,\u201d the ad says.
A recent story\u00a0in Politico reported the following
Donald Trump likes to say he has created a political movement that has drawn \u201cmillions and millions\u201d of new voters into the
Voters in Kentucky and Oregon head to the polls Tuesday, where Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) is looking to claim two victories against
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Analysts predict she will have a hard time winning.
Chris Christie once called New Jersey's largest teachers union a \political thuggery operation.\
There are signs that a commercial market for smart guns maybe has arrived.
We may as well take him up on the offer.
The men told police they targeted their victim because they believed he was an illegal immigrant.
WASHINGTON, May 17 (Reuters) - The House of Representatives stripped a requirement that women register for the military draft
\Most candidates for president have,\ said the Senate majority leader. \That's certainly been the pattern for quite some time.\
Former state lawmaker Tom Anderson served four years in prison for corruption.
Veterans use at least 1,000 sites to access VA benefits. Paul Smith wants to get that number down to one.
More than 16 million people have gained health coverage since 2013.
It's part of a new initiative to improve community relations.
Just listen to the voicemails Roberta Lange has received.
\u201cFor these voters, Trump\u2019s blend of casual racism and muscular nativism is the core of his appeal.\u201d
Let's be careful out there.
\Any felonious death of a police officer is a tragedy, but the data show that the police officers\u2019 job is not becoming more deadly.\
If there were a United Nations of the global far right, Donald Trump would be its undisputed leader.
Eric Fanning was confirmed unanimously.
NEW YORK \u2014 Donald Trump is scheduled to meet here Wednesday with former secretary of state Henry Kissinger as the Republican
It's likely the president will veto it.
He also wants to renegotiate the Paris climate accord.
The $236 million judgment was the largest-ever jury verdict in New Hampshire.
He also thinks the Republican Party may no longer be relevant.
In the rapid expansion of states with voter-identification laws and the backlash of litigation that always follows, there
A few weeks ago, the White House trumpeted the progress of its Police Data Initiative. The nearly one-year-old project prods
NEW YORK -- Donald Trump vowed Monday that if elected president he would rescind the Obama administration's new directives
Saturday's raucous state Democratic convention in Nevada encapsulated a lot of the themes of the party's 2016 election in
Over the course of the 2016 presidential campaign, Megyn Kelly has been called a few choice names by Donald Trump.
Ben Carson, the neurosurgeon turned presidential candidate turned unfiltered pitchman for Donald Trump and now part of the
Donald J. Trump plans to throw Bill Clinton\u2019s infidelities in Hillary Clinton\u2019s face on live television during the presidential
Mark Zuckerberg, a critic of Donald Trump, now wants to make nice with his campaign and conservative media.
Delegates at the state GOP convention rejected fielding a third-party presidential candidate.
Bernie Sanders, for all his talk of revolution, never wanted to be Ralph Nader.
George Zimmerman, the Florida man who shot and killed the unarmed teenager Trayvon Martin in 2012, will try again this week
The Senate minority leader is raising funds to stop Grayson after their fight last week.
A prominent Flint whistleblower says Ruffalo's claims are hurting public health.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The National Transportation Safety Board has concluded that the engineer of an Amtrak passenger train
A woman at the center of a New York Times piece detailing Republican Donald Trump's history with women took issue with the
But St. Louis County police will be trained on freedom of the press and constitutional rights.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The government \can impose reasonable restrictions on speech as long as it refrains from suppressing particular viewpoints.\
The conservative jurist offered advice for navigating a \world that seems to have gone mad with political correctness.\
Jack Burkman admits it's about getting business during a Trump administration.
Let's consider what lies under the hair.
The GOP primary saw more national surveys online and more live phone surveys of Iowa and New Hampshire.
\Terms and how they are defined by society change with time.\
Meet the activists in this 360\u00b0 video by HuffPost RYOT.
Trump
The former general said he believed military officials did everything they could to save four Americans.
WASHINGTON \u2014 President Obama came into office seven years ago pledging to end the wars of his predecessor, George W. Bush
If you\u2019re masochistic enough to plow through the next three months of vice presidential speculation, you might want to pause
\In politics and in life, ignorance is not a virtue.\
\He wants us to be just another country. I don't want to be another country,\ says Carlos Beruff.
\Will voters show up and still vote for a guy like this?\
A spokesman for his Democratic opponent called it \beyond bad taste.\
\u201cAs one of the great philosophers of our time has said, \u2018Haters going to hate, hate, hate hate, hate.\u2019\
Trump has admitted that he has used at least one pseudonym to speak to reporters.
With Trump now moving to raise big sums, estimate of his 2016 income shows him likely short of the ready cash he would have
The former defense secretary said he doesn't even know what Trump's plan is to handle ISIS.
Trump impersonated a publicist years ago. He won't release his tax returns. Reince Priebus
\You would certainly not be back of the queue, that I can tell you,\ the presidential hopeful said.
This week, the nation watched as the Republican Party continued its awkward attempt to pretend Donald Trump is something other than a dangerous buffoon. On Thursday, Trump met with Paul Ryan, with the two calling the talk a \positive step toward unification,\ and Ryan adding that Trump is a \very warm and genuine person.\ If Ryan ends up endorsing Trump, he must be held accountable for what he's endorsing. As Senator Harry Reid said of his GOP counterpart, \Since Sen. McConnell has so enthusiastically embraced Trump, you can only assume he agrees with Trump's view that women are dogs and pigs.\ Rough stuff but he has a point
Scandal is wild and addictive. And it's so easy to be dazzled by the sex, political wrangling, high-speed dialogue, and flashy camera work that you can sometimes forget it's a blistering satire of the Republican Party.
You live in suburban Atlanta and if I went for a run in your neighborhood before I left I would have to ask you a some questions. Do you have a neighborhood watch? Would I be questioned by your neighbors as to why I was there?
Since the lawsuits and countersuits between the state of North Carolina and federal government, an interesting question arose in a New York Times article
Go forth and speak out about your work here today - you never know whose dream you may be carrying. Let's make sure that this union, this movement, and the leaders we elect are truly representative of our people. And we will carry their dreams together.
Something is wrong when Supreme Court Justices wrestle this way with legal concepts. The problem is clearly not they. The law, regulations, and policies are the problem, as is the inertia that keeps them that way.
A band of exasperated Republicans \u2014 including 2012 presidential nominee Mitt Romney, a handful of veteran consultants and
Every preliminary electoral-map forecast this spring paints a bleak picture for Donald Trump in his effort to win the presidency
Elections are always clearer in retrospect than they appeared in prospect.
The casino magnate Sheldon G. Adelson told Donald J. Trump in a private meeting last week that he was willing to contribute
Donald J. Trump had barely met Rowanne Brewer Lane when he asked her to change out of her clothes.
\They did it because it's a black city, it's a poor city.\
David Letterman, Aziz Ansari, Janelle Mon\u00e1e and Demi Lovato were all in attendance.
Progressive nerds love the idea.
Even Republicans who are a little worried about Trump are fine letting him take the reins of an undeclared war.
From internship programs to student strikes, young people are making change on their own terms.
King used a derogatory term for Japanese-Americans on \Morning Joe\ and refused to apologize.
Pretty much every pundit in the mainstream media got down on their knees and thanked a recent poll which showed Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton neck-and-neck in three key swing states this week, because they truly want this gravy train to continue.
I have seen many \conservatives\ thank McCrory online for House Bill 2 because they say it supports God's will. A Bill that takes away remedies for religious discrimination is not godly. It is ungodly.
If the goal was to create a truly democratic representative system of governance in both Iraq and Syria than the voices of the leadership of Christian and other minority communities should have been taken into account.
The voice is instantly familiar; the tone, confident, even cocky; the cadence, distinctly Trumpian.
John Boehner supports Donald Trump -- just not any of his policies.
But he still won't give Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland a confirmation hearing -- because there's an election.
Donald Trump has launched a frontal assault on Amazon.com, the world\u2019s biggest online retailer, saying it has \u201ca huge antitrust
At various points in his career, Donald Trump has praised authoritarian rulers in places like Russia, China, and North Korea
The Obama administration stands up for transgender rights, Trump's in hot water over his butler's racist comments, and Serena
At the outset of the 2016 election, the GOP primary field was nearly as large as that of last weekend\u2019s Kentucky Derby.
Although a department rule mandated buckling up suspects, an attorney for a cop indicted in Gray's death said there's \always discretion for officer safety.\
The position is one of the most senior in the U.S. military.
For kids who aren't college-bound, the state's high schools will offer more resources for vocational training.
Stop talking about your dog.
\The party of small government wants a government small enough to fit underneath the toilet seat,\ said Democrat Alan Grayson.
Can disaffected Republicans still stop Trump from reaching the White House? Plans are afoot.
And more Americans appear to be interested in its rise, too.
How do you support a man who takes positions opposite to your own? Practice. Practice. Practice.
The Lone Star State's second in command would rather eliminate federal funds for poor students than comply with Title IX regulations.
Arpaio and his office could face fines, restitution for those harmed by the actions and tighter oversight of daily operations.
Cruz called out the network's executives for turning it \into the Donald Trump network, 24/7.\
Since the Newtown massacre, at least 18 states have enacted bills to keep guns away from domestic abusers.
The contraception rights advocate testified before Congress partly because another student had class.
An even split in a capital case is the starkest sign yet from a short-staffed court.
\No student should ever have to go through the experience of feeling unwelcome at school or on a college campus.\
The billionaire casino owner is backing Donald Trump, despite the presumptive GOP nominee's \neutrality\ on Israel.
Daughters and wives must be saved, apparently.
As a \congressional record,\ the document is not subject to freedom-of-information laws.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
LAS VEGAS\u2014Former House Speaker John Boehner defended successor Paul Ryan\u2019s move not to readily endorse presumptive GOP nominee
\u201cHoly shit -- that\u2019s great news,\u201d was one liberal economist\u2019s reaction.
Anthony Senecal, who worked as Donald Trump's butler for 17 years before being named the in-house historian at the tycoon's
In January, Donald Trump had this to say when he was asked about whether he would release his tax returns
Donald Trump has discussed in recent days the possibility of selecting former U.S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich as his running
Woman who claimed to have an explosive device was apprehended, base officials said.
The most secret corner of Guant\u00e1namo Bay could be opened up to the UN torture watchdog for the first time, if an audacious
Sen. Ron Johnson received a visit from Lord Business, the movie's villain -- a setup from Democratic challenger Russ Feingold's campaign.
The women performed training and transport missions in the United States during the conflict so male pilots could be sent overseas.
It\u2019s been an unpredictable year so far. (See Trump, Donald.) But the general election is off to a predictable start.
Colorado GOP Senate candidate Jon Keyser faces allegations he used forged signatures to get onto the ballot.
\It wouldn't surprise me that George Zimmerman wanted to be on Donald Trump\u2019s side because they share the same values.\
By defending the law, the state is jeopardizing services that are crucial to vulnerable populations, including transgender people.
But James Comey admits he doesn't know for sure what is behind violent crime increases.
He was a 72-year-old man with a messed-up back and he knew he shouldn\u2019t be lifting this stuff, but he was here to help a
Only five other states require 72-hour waiting periods
The presumptive GOP nominee is attempting to recast himself ahead of the general election.
\Maybe I'm going to do the tax returns when Obama does his birth certificate,\ he said in 2011.
They characterized the sit-down as a \positive step toward unification.\
Top central bank officials are disproportionately white, male and from the finance or business sectors.
Anthony Senecal, who worked as Donald Trump's butler for 17 years before being named the in-house historian at the tycoon's
We're making progress, but we need to do better.
Joe Biden took months to decide he wouldn\u2019t run for president \u2014 but he was sold on Elizabeth Warren as his running mate from
There are some downright weird Democratic and GOP alliances on this.
\u201cMr. Trump is stupid. He's very stupid,\ the mayor said.
But most still don't see the mosquito-borne virus as a crisis.
It's a small victory for Bernie's delegate count.
On Tuesday, Mother Jones broke the story that the Trump campaign had selected William Johnson, a prominent white nationalist
The Human Rights Campaign is calling on tech leaders to support the Justice Department's case against HB2.
Donald Trump\u2019s presidential campaign is spurring a record number of citizenship applications and increases in voter registration
The dramatic triumph of the same-sex-marriage movement has sparked considerable interest from advocates of other causes \u2014 from
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 A vast majority of white Americans say there should not be reparations for African-American descendants
It didn't really work out.
\I just wasn't ready to be able to do that.\
The Democratic front-runner pounds Donald Trump, even as Bernie Sanders devils her in coal country.
The commonwealth has a $2 billion payment coming up soon, but \u00af\\_(\u30c4)_/\u00af.
A laboratory operated by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is among the handful of facilities that have secretly
NEW YORK (AP) - Shifting swiftly to the general election, Donald Trump says he\u2019s narrowed his list of potential running mates
Sad news out of Nebraska and West Virginia for horror-movie fans
Donald Trump, the newly-minted presumptive Republican nominee, has waded into familiar territory once more
But he still could be the Republican with the best shot at stopping her.
American Freedom Party leader William Johnson says he has resigned as a delegate.
Here's a look at what's ahead.
It's a question Republican senators found extremely hard to answer.
The Fox News anchor said that it was \surreal\ to meet Trump after months of attacks.
We\u2019re still looking at a Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton general election.
The federal charges against Michael Slager are rare in officer-involved shootings.
The Occupational Safety and Health Administration plans to post the workplace injury data on its website, just like a public-health grade for a restaurant.
\Say my name,\ Grayson demands. \I want you to lose,\ Reid replies.
Why did almost everybody fail to predict Donald Trump\u2019s victory in the Republican primaries?
A congressional report on the Supreme Court nominee should relieve fears that he's a nemesis of the Second Amendment.
The 2012 GOP presidential nominee says Trump's refusal to release his tax returns is \disqualifying.\
It's a small victory for Bernie's delegate count.
Ask Larry Summers if she gets things done.
There was about as much pain and anguish as you could imagine.
This guy.
\What he says is what they say.\
It's as close to bragging as the uncontroversial judge will probably get.
Donald J. Trump\u2019s behavior in recent days \u2014 the political threats to the House speaker, Paul D. Ryan; the name-calling on
\I was afraid that I would walk around and someone might just jump me, beat me up, stab me, kill me.\
\There's nothing to learn from them,\ the presumptive GOP nominee says.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Speaker Paul Ryan wants to move a budget. But everyone's attention on Capitol Hill is on Trump. So why do it?
Miami police veteran Delrish Moss, 51, says he'll be with the troubled St. Louis suburb for the \long haul.\
Political adviser Beth Myers headed up the process for Mitt Romney.
Pat McCrory, the beleaguered governor of North Carolina, says he signed the controversial \u201cbathroom bill\u201d\u2014HB2\u2014because cities
Joseph Rice\u2019s manner is a long way from militia stereotypes. The Patriot Movement leader does not present as a crazed gun
When Jimmy Kimmel asked Hillary Clinton in a late-night TV interview\u00a0about U.F.O.s, she quickly corrected his terminology
Crumbling schools, a tanking economy and mass migration all plague the commonwealth.
Follow live results.
During his radio host days, Jason Lewis ranted about how young women are more concerned with birth control and abortion than
Congress passed the bill, which would remove words like \Oriental\ from legislation, during Asian Pacific American Heritage Month.
Biden commented on the race in an interview with Robin Roberts.
If you only read short summaries of President Obama\u2019s commencement address at Howard University, you probably missed the
Republicans in North Carolina are increasingly worried that the state\u2019s new \u201cbathroom law\u201d blocking protections for the LGBT
The Working Families Party is hoping the connection will help a House candidate defy the odds next Tuesday.
\Thanks for the assist, Bernie.\
On Monday evening, California's secretary of state published a list of delegates chosen by the Trump campaign for the upcoming
\I think we need to watch and see what the candidates say and do.\
Primed for miracles and wonders, Trumpsters in their thousands tilt their heads up toward the blue-black Florida sky.
The best hope for what\u2019s left of a serious conservative movement in America is the election in November of a Democratic president
Jack Lew visited a San Juan hospital affected by the debt crisis and urged Congress to act.
It's the economy, stupid.
Trump's nonsensical position-switching is going to be media catnip.
Both candidates embrace politics as performance.
Her proposals could set up a stark contrast with Donald Trump's.
The social media behemoth has been accused of suppressing conservative viewpoints.
Views are once again divided along partisan lines.
Groups are asking for Bundy's cattle to be seized, which the feds say \continue to be in trespass.\
We love our new national mammal, but is this really all Congress can do?
\Why can\u2019t it be just doing this other important element of my life really well?\
Trump may choose not to believe what Clinton says, but the fact is there is no evidence that Clinton wants to \u201ctake your guns away\u201d or \u201cabolish the Second Amendment.\u201d
\This is real. There is an actual pathway here,\ says one GOP operative.
The public has little faith in either candidate.
Is he maybe running for president?
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
There's still six months left until the election.
Not one, not two ... but three.
Alaa Ismail Yasin stopped eating on April 17, arguing he qualifies for release from a Georgia detention center.
Once a big donor to the anti-Trump movement, billionaire broadcasting executive Stanley Hubbard is now backing the presumptive
Voters in Austin, Texas, rejected Proposition 1, a major defeat for ridesharing companies.\u00a0 The failure of the proposition
\u201cI feel like a citizen now,\ John Barbee, 62, says.
It's a year of mixed feelings.
West Virginia state Senate candidate Richard Ojeda was brutally beaten during a cookout Sunday \u2014 just two days before his
Just a few years ago, Paul Ryan was the GOP\u2019s nominee for Vice President and the face of the party\u2019s attempt to rebrand longstanding
It\u2019s analyst accountability time. For most of the Republican Party primary season, my predictions were wrong.
Gov. Cuomo has ordered nail salons to hand over $2 million to hundreds of ripped off workers.
She\u2019s more battle-tested than any of his primary challengers.
Senator Ted Cruz\u2019s supporters are mounting an effort to seize control of the Republican platform and the rules governing
The law is due to take effect in July.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Jeff Flake thinks President Obama's Supreme Court nominee is better than whoever Hillary Clinton would pick.
Attorney General Roy Cooper is challenging Gov. Pat McCrory in this year's election.
Juries in the state must unanimously impose the death penalty, a circuit judge ruled.
This isn't the first time the 2012 GOP nominee has issued this warning in the last week.
The Senate minority leader says his Republican colleagues are to blame for the rise of The Donald.
The law, which went into effect in March, requires transgender people to use public bathrooms corresponding to the sex on their birth certificate.
At Churchill Downs, the Republican rich and powerful had very little good to say about their new standard-bearer, but none would publicly break with him.
Pat McCrory has been hating on LGBT people for decades.
Don McGahn now a top Trump adviser despite campaign ideology, family history
Thanks for playing, candidates. We have some lovely parting gifts.
The Justice Department says the law \stigmatizes and singles out\ transgender people.
\He will be best served by a running mate and by surrogates who fully embrace his campaign. As such, I have never sought, will not seek and do not want to be considered for vice president.\
Awkward.
But Gov. Brown's order did not include an extension of the mandatory 25 percent cutback he ordered last year.
\I\u2019ll be stopped from going there by virtue of my faith,\ Sadiq Khan said.
Donald Trump faces an uphill climb to win a general election battle against Hillary Clinton, but there is a path for him
Donald Trump says he thinks he can win the general election, even if the Republican Party does not unify to support his candidacy
TUCSON, ARIZONA\u2014\u00a0The sister of former U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor was killed a car crash Saturday in Arizona
The pay-to-play investigation that snared political power broker John H. Estey involved an elaborate FBI sting in which agents
Luis Decubas keeps a tightly rolled pack of 17 mice in his freezer.
Trump wouldn't rule out removing the House speaker from his role as GOP convention chair if he doesn't get an endorsement.
It's cost $20 million, and all we know is Hillary Clinton used her own email server.
The 2008 GOP vice presidential nominee isn't happy with the 2012 GOP vice presidential nominee.
\I am willing to pay more, and you know what, the wealthy are willing to pay more.\
But Trump's comments about prisoners of war are a different matter.
Here's what people would be saying about her if she wasn't running against Bernie Sanders.
\It's not just putting a marker on the site. It's really pointing to how we are beginning to more thoroughly acknowledge our history.\
Sen. John McCain said in an interview aired Sunday he believes Donald Trump \u201ccould be a capable leader\u201d and reiterated his
The story is circulating this weekend that high-level operatives in the Republican Party are preparing a third-party candidacy to challenge Donald Trump and the winner of the Democratic nomination in the general elections this fall.  Such a candidacy would be a mistake for two major reasons.
In New York City, over 150,000 children under five are poor. Last year, nearly 20,000 of these children slept in homeless shelters - enough to fill Madison Square Garden. From the moment they're born, children in poverty face an uphill struggle to survive, thrive and learn with so many odds stacked against them.
There is a saying that if you go to bed with dogs, you wake up with fleas.  Some of the people Donald Trump is in bed with are racist, anti-semitic  dogs. He's either got to use repellent and reject them, or be repellent to good people.
This week the nation entered terra incognita, as Indiana GOP voters handed Donald Trump a big victory, giving us -- with Ted Cruz and John Kasich dropping out -- the most unqualified, unstable, and dangerous nominee in U.S. history. The events immediately provided a test for Republicans, some of whom rose to the occasion and refused to endorse Trump. Then there was Rick Perry, who once called Trump a \cancer.\ Now? He says he'd consider being his running mate
It will take every ounce of Democratic Party unity, money, time, and energy, and a massive turnout from core Democrats and centrist independents, to offset the gutter attacks that will be tossed at Clinton.
Two prominent House allies of Paul Ryan broke with the speaker Friday over his decision to withhold support from Donald Trump
The death threats were starting to get to Constantin Querard.
In spite of his insistence that he will not run, Mitt Romney is being courted this week by a leading conservative commentator
On the morning of Sept. 11, 2001, the presidency of George W. Bush changed instantly. In a new collection of never-before
A hasty effort to make peace between Donald J. Trump and Republican Party leaders veered toward the point of collapse on
Roy Moore now faces removal from office for the second time in his career.
Donald Trump on Tuesday night assumed the mantle of presumptive nominee and declared
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders has cut into Hillary Clinton's delegate lead by 31, based on new data from
On Thursday evening, a 40-year-old man \u2014 with dark, curly hair, olive skin and an exotic foreign accent \u2014 boarded a plane
\We must unite as a party to defeat Hillary Clinton,\ Dole said in a statement.
A key part of the conversation is sure to be Trump's combative, in-your-face campaign persona and Republican leaders' requests for him to tone it down.
Ilya Shapiro argues at The Federalist that some of the blame for the rise of Donald Trump belongs to Chief Justice Roberts
By seizing the Republican presidential nomination for Donald J. Trump on Tuesday night, he and his millions of supporters
A bipartisan group of solicitors general lavished praise on President Obama's Supreme Court pick.
\Good for Lindsey Graham.\
They joined the chorus calling for Senate action on Merrick Garland.
Yes, the water crisis was bad -- but things are getting better.
Everyone probably tried a little too hard not to believe them.
Earlier in the day, he called her \goofy\ and questioned her ancestry.
A lot of people find math scary. But it's not terrorism.
\u201cPassion is vital but you have to have a strategy. And your plan better include voting.\
\u201cMSNBC is owned by who?\u201d the Vermont senator asked host Rachel Maddow.
Until we acknowledge our past injustices, include its lessons and the experiences of our victims in our self-definition, and radically transform our societies to create more fully inclusive societies, we will continue to be plagued by the consequences of our original sins.
As we watch the damage that Pat McCrory is inflicting on North Carolina, we can remember better men.  We can remember a better political archetype and raise our sights.  There is the Cincinnatus figure who serves out of duty when he'd rather be doing something else.
It's been a pretty momentous week in the history of American politics, folks. The Republican Party is going to nominate Donald Trump to run for the highest office in the land. Politics and entertainment are now one.
The casino magnate Sheldon G. Adelson said on Thursday night that he would support Donald J. Trump now that he has become
Because the House speaker and presumptive GOP nominee currently are \not ready\ to endorse each other.
One day after assuring Americans he is not running for president \u201cto make things unstable for the country,\u201d the presumptive
Here\u2019s one reason Bernie Sanders is reluctant to give up the fight
Avid viewers of courtroom procedurals are familiar with the tropes of the genre
WASHINGTON (AP) -- Donald Trump said Friday he was surprised by House Speaker Paul Ryan's rebuff of him as the presumptive
He says he also won't vote for Hillary Clinton.
The spot contrasts Republican insults of their nominee to praise for Supreme Court pick Merrick Garland.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\If people don't think you like them, they're not going to vote for you.\
\Only Congress can fully close the loopholes\ that wealthy individuals or corporations can take advangate of, Obama said in a statement.
They can't stand this guy. Wait, they're all for him!
For the speaker, there are no great options here.
Is government prayer time only open to those who want to talk about God?
The king of branding is going to have a hard time changing voters' perceptions of Clinton.
That thing you kind of thought was true is probably true.
The results reflect a deepening ideological divide in the U.S.
The school is accused of defrauding people who paid for the real estate classes.
\Many of us go to dark places, sometimes for long periods, sometimes for short periods. But the darkness passes.\
Just great.
And all for the sake of Virginia's gifty Ex-Gov. Bob McDonnell, of all people.
States might not be as red or blue as usual in November.
State Supreme Court hearings began on whether death row inmates sentenced under an unconstitutional process should be given life terms.
He named the pup Veto.
Judge orders gun manufacturers to release internal documents on how they market guns.
For months, critics of the House Benghazi Committee have slammed Chairman Trey Gowdy for dragging his investigation into
\This is not a reality show.\
The school resource officer was not trained on how to work with children.
Thanks, America.
He ripped into Hillary Clinton, bringing up her husband's infidelity and her anti-coal comments.
It would include devices to detect intruders and block fence climbers too.
The Romanian hacker who first exposed Hillary Clinton's private email address is making a bombshell new claim -- that he
Two years ago, the GOP was front and center in the fight against infectious disease. Things have changed.
John McCain, Tom Cotton, and Dan Sullivan walk into a room and get asked about Trump\u2026
Some of Hillary Clinton's closest aides, including her longtime adviser Huma Abedin, have provided interviews to federal
No sooner had Senator Ted Cruz of Texas exited the Republican primary on Tuesday night than Hillary Clinton\u2019s partisans on
Donald Trump assumed control of the Republican Party on Wednesday as its presumptive presidential nominee after Ohio Gov
Trump said he would consider \wonderful, conservative, good, solid, brilliant judges in the form of\ the late Justice Antonin Scalia.
Many of the convicts were nonviolent drug offenders.
At least 24 states have cut Planned Parenthood's clinics of funding since mid-2015.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
#ByeAnita
In July 2015, Perry said Trump's campaign was a \cancer\ to conservatism.
Trump led the pack for nearly a year. Why are we surprised he won?
The law makes it the second state to raise the minimum age to 21, following Hawaii.
He has to remind himself of the reality \a couple of times a day.\
The company\u2019s motto is \u201cDon\u2019t be evil,\u201d but they are sponsoring the coronation of Donald Trump.
Wrong, wrong, wrong \u2014 to the very end, we got it wrong.
There wasn't much public-opinion research available in 1964, so you'll have to take it on the testimony of us old folks that
The speaker of the House has his first serious primary challenge from a motorcycle-riding businessman who wants to arm wrestle.
It's been on the rise for five years now.
He was let out mere days after Merrick Garland's big moment.
A strange, fascinating story broke last week, one that contains the darkness of the Trump campaign and that has, like the
\We could have probably had 19 full-time staffers dedicated just to the donor advice.\
But some conservatives think Obama's nominee is their best option now.
\I\u2019m just not ready to do that at this point. I\u2019m not there yet.\
Would it \do any good?\ Top Democrat on Intelligence Committee is just wondering.
Police knew about the texts for months before releasing them.
Despite great promise, Seattle Teacher Residency, known for its top-notch graduates, struggles to stay afloat.
Trump has linked her to the \birther\ movement before.
A new documentary puts the powerful gun lobby in its crosshairs.
Removing the roughly 6.8 million immigrants who are illegally employed would cause a slump of $381.5 billion to $623.2 billion in private sector output, the study found.
The move \may be necessary\ to determine whether the email was set up to circumvent freedom of information laws.
Now he claims that saying women should be punished for having an abortion was \an unbelievable academic answer.\
But will his party?
Polls suggest he's underperforming compared to a \generic\ Republican candidate.
Like Donald Trump himself, the Trump campaign\u2019s new national finance chairman has a long history of contributing to Democrats
For the first time since his own presidency, George H.W. Bush is planning to stay silent in the race for the Oval Office
Donald Trump is going to win the Republican nomination.
Larry Wilmore\u2019s provocative monologue at the White House correspondents\u2019 dinner Saturday is still reverberating through
Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz and his super PAC allies spent more than $10 per vote on advertising ahead of
\The whole thing has been a disaster from the beginning.\u201d
The House speaker hasn't accomplished much this year. But conservatives say the tone of the speakership has changed.
Enforcing the law would force North Carolina to give up millions in federal education funds.
His general election campaign is expected to cost around $1 billion.
It questions the extent to which Trump can be held personally responsible for violence allegedly committed by his staff.
Trump defied expectations to become the presumptive nominee. Can he do it again?
\What happens next will test the character for all of us.\
The prospect of a more liberal Supreme Court nominee does not faze him.
The public wants corporate tax reform and Social Security cuts, according to Mark Warner.
His words show just how loaded the term still is today in politics.
Clinton has a dominant lead in polls so far, but now it's time to start paying attention.
The clumsy blows followed Cruz' announcement.
The search for a kamikaze candidate begins.
He basically admitted it was the right response.
They mostly just want someone who can \make America proud and strong.\
It's been nearly 30 years since the agency has examined whether to regulate it.
And then there was one.
He tried to stop Donald Trump, to no avail.
But will the #NeverTrump movement keep up momentum for six months?
Their only choice within the GOP is a man who called women \fat pigs\ and made sexual jokes about his daughter.
Families with children and the schools they choose could be one of the factors driving inequality.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
It's going to be a beautiful nominee, let me tell you. The best.
Pat McCrory also mocked Bruce Springsteen for protesting HB 2.
Schools reopened after two days of teacher protests, but the beleaguered district is still set to run out of cash.
The state's investigation of the provider turned up no evidence of wrongdoing.
The families suing are being represented by an advocacy group that supports litigation in the name of religious freedom.
Republicans are tying themselves in knots over health care for the poor.
The most revealing debate of the 2016 primary was held on the side of a road in Marion, Indiana, on Monday.
It\u2019s been extremely common for news accounts to portray Donald Trump\u2019s candidacy as a \u201cworking-class\u201d rebellion against Republican
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump look to land their knockout blows in their quest to win the nomination.
\His strategy of being a bully in particular is directed at women.\
Nathan Deal says the right to bring firearms on public university grounds is \u201cnot guaranteed by the Second Amendment.\
Ted Cruz went on a blistering ramble against Donald Trump on Tuesday, delivering a list of stinging personal attacks that
The network got creative while promoting the upcoming Copa America soccer tournament.
If you believe the polls, Donald Trump will effectively clinch the Republican nomination in Indiana tonight.
\We\u2019re working toward better relationships. That\u2019s going to take time.\u201d
The senator's desperate bid to stop the real estate mogul falls flat in Indiana.
President Obama met Jessica Grubb's family in October. It stuck with him.
This time they faced off in Indiana.
Ted Cruz\u00a0really needs some good news in Tuesday's Indiana primary.
A poll finds a majority also believe access to adequate treatment is a major issue.
Railing against LGBT rights didn't win over enough voters to help him beat Donald Trump.
The officer had argued that, under federal law, he had never conspired with anyone.
The monument would designate a part of Greenwich Village neighborhood in New York City as the birthplace of America\u2019s modern gay liberation movement.
He's done something much more important.
Here's how he did it.
Sanders, still badly trailing Hillary Clinton in delegates, moves ahead.
Don Blankenship was recently sentenced to prison, but that's not keeping him away from the presidential election.
The Michigan governor has been trying to get the city's residents to use their taps.
Fresh off a sweep of five Northeast states last week, Trump hopes a win in Indiana will put him within reach of the 1,237 delegates required to lock up the nomination.
President Barack Obama \appreciated the spirit of Mr. Wilmore's expressions on Saturday night.\
The state's judicial override regime may soon be on the chopping block.
\ Let the American people see Judge Garland,\ Obama said.
\She reinforced that essential value of empathy that my mother and my grandparents had taught me. That is something that I carry with me every day as President.\
The assailant allegedly called the woman a \terrorist.\
Trump\u2019s chances of securing the nomination are increasing.
While many Republicans are team #NeverTrump, few have actually said they'll support a Democrat instead.
Donald Trump is the post-gaffe candidate, but Clinton doesn't seem as lucky.
A hired actress from Florida State University passed the amorous lawmaker a fake \secret admirer\ note.
Donald Trump won the New Hampshire primary handily nearly three months ago, but state GOP officials are pushing a plan to
Democrats are whacking some Republicans for supporting the controversial presidential contender.
Iraq in tumult, Obama's Trump jokes, and Malia Obama chooses a college
It was the quote heard \u2019round Appalachia
Since 2008, the controversial workplace raids have led to the arrests of more than 700 undocumented workers for identity theft.
\It doesn't make sense for grown adult men, strangers, to be alone in a restroom with a little girl.\
The Republican candidates for president have campaigned all over the country lamenting the rough recovery from the recession
\There's a basic agreement in America
This is adorable.
It wasn't just the Donald that did him in.
Pointing the (short) finger of blame.
The senator from Vermont is trying to convince superdelegates to switch from Hillary Clinton to him.
Republican evangelicals were made wary when the front-runner revealed a more liberal side to his social views.
Just how democratic should the Democratic primary be?
Washington is weird.
His comments sparked a flood of donations to the Democrat's campaign.
The justices won't hear a constitutional challenge brought by franchise owners.
Democrat Terry McAuliffe last month re-enfranchised over 200,000 Virginians with past felony convictions.
\Donald Trump is deceiving you. He is playing you for a chump.\
People with disabilities are the world\u2019s largest minority.
As this dystopian election campaign has unfolded, my mind keeps being tugged by a passage in Plato\u2019s Republic. It has unsettled
The state\u2019s demographics favor Ted Cruz, but the economics and polls point to a Donald Trump win.
\I don't know what Donald Trump is going to be standing for in November.\
The latest case comes from California, where 743 people wait on death row.
\My hope is legislators will realize they've made a terrible mistake,\ John King Jr. told a crowd.
Religious schools are trying to deny Title IX protections to people they think are going to hell.
The Rev. Daniel J. Berrigan, a Jesuit priest and poet whose defiant protests helped shape the tactics of opposition to the
Even though the GOP front-runner rails against big money donors in politics.
Donald Trump has a Plan B if he's faced with a contested convention, and it involves the sort of outside groups that he's
BURLINGAME, Calif. \u2014 Ted Cruz is speaking confidently about knocking off Donald Trump to take the GOP nomination, but his
\ud83d\ude02
He sidestepped the question a total of nine times in one interview.
Ouch.
We are thankful that no one made jokes about HuffPost tonight.
\He's so handsome, he's the future.\
Brennan opposes efforts to make public the 28 pages.
In his approval ratings, of course.
Where's The Donald?
Is this game over for the GOP?
\It's already over,\ the GOP presidential hopeful proclaimed.
Burn.
Following in her parents' footsteps?
Texas Sen. Ted Cruz pulled out a strategic victory at Saturday's Arizona Republican Party convention, nailing down a large
He concluded Obama's last White House Correspondents' Dinner by talking about how much having a black president meant to him.
Ouch.
President Obama\u2019s plan for fighting the Islamic State is predicated on having a credible and effective Iraqi ally on the
Ouch.
He's also getting advice from former House Speaker John Boehner.
LOL
President's got jokes!
Seriously, could she be any cooler?
Victims of child sex abuse are often shut out of the justice system by a statute of limitations.
\ud83d\udd25
\With that, I have just two more words to say
\Who the hell are these people?\ -- Gary Fisher
\The end of the republic has never looked better.\
100% accurate.
\I just want to thank him for being a great friend.\
Washington just got a little more glamorous.

The Stop-Trump fever that gripped the Republican establishment for months has broken.
It\u2019s a time-honored tradition for politicians to deny any interest in the vice presidency. But this year, with the possibility
Elizabeth Warren would be the dream vice presidential pick for millions of forlorn Bernie Sanders supporters, an instant
They thought it was impossible. Some still fear it. Others can barely believe it. But leading Republicans are beginning to
\He wears the sexism out front for everyone to see.\u201d
Things got heated when the Republican presidential candidate was pressed on his party's history of discrimination.
\That was not the easiest entrance I've ever made.\
The race has already cost more than $1 billion, but there's a big reason spending may soon slow.
Cleveland should be interesting!
The nonprofit asked partiers to donate their swag bags. The responses they got won\u2019t shock you.
Barack Obama, Paul Ryan and others are protecting the kingdom for their own financial gain, Republican hopeful Alex Beinstein alleges.
Hollis Doyle is basically Donald Trump, but not as bad.
It should be a fun night. \ud83c\udf89

Today's topics include
Boy, it isn't every day you get to write a headline like that! But those are the kinds of feelings Ted Cruz seems to bring out in everyone -- left, right, and center.
Marco Rubio appears to be warming up to Donald Trump, saying Friday his \u201cperformance has improved significantly.\ Rubio has
Female Republican lawmakers are making the case for Donald Trump to choose a woman as his running mate.
The Obama administration is asking law enforcement agencies to help develop standards for the next generation of smart guns
Ted Cruz got crushed in Virginia on primary day, but even Donald Trump\u2019s forces believe he\u2019s about to stuff the state\u2019s national
Cheap court fees and looser rules make suing over medical debts as small as $60 easy. Every year Nebraska collection agencies
He faces up to 40 years in prison.
No major injuries were reported and about 20 people were taken into custody.
Journalist Julia Ioffe has experienced this kind of harassment before
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The Flint water crisis has helped elevate the issue of unsafe water.
John Martin Roos, 61, repeatedly threatened to kill President Barack Obama in regular racist rants on Twitter and Facebook.
President Obama has proposed granting Israel the largest package of military aid ever provided by the United States to another
The Benghazi Committee is so convinced of this random talk radio caller's value that it had the Pentagon try to find him.
James Mitchell's unpublished book promises \a dramatic firsthand account.\
\After the early days of the campaign, no underdog has ever won the Democratic nomination.\
As Donald Trump moves closer to clinching the Republican presidential nomination, he has offered lavish praise for Bernie
The justices are aware that the presidential election is coming.
\Are we on the side of working people or big-money interests?\
The announcement comes ahead of Tuesday's primary in the state.
A budget, appropriations bills and legislation on Puerto Rico have all been at a standstill.
Ryan Mauro belongs to an organization that peddles fear and misinformation about Islam.
Throughout the Republican Party, from New Hampshire to Florida to California, many leaders, operatives, donors and activists
Maybe walls don't work?
Because Germany.
The Pentagon says it didn't intend to kill 42 people.
Kansas' governor can't actually keep refugees out of his state, but he doesn't want to help them.
After months of stalling, Senators released a revised version of the bill.
The Texas senator has bigger problems to worry about.
A lobbyist for Uber Technologies Inc. has filed an open records request to obtain more than a year's worth of my emails and
As Sen. Ted Cruz was addressing the Indiana Republican Party\u2019s spring dinner last Thursday night, his father was on a secret
The small-dollar fundraising juggernaut that has kept Bernie Sanders\u2019s insurgent White House bid afloat far longer than anticipated
Democratic Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, condemned the rule change as having \significant consequences for Americans\u2019 privacy,\ and vowed to introduce legislation to reverse it.
Presidents aren\u2019t known for taking daytrips to prisons. But a couple of weeks ago, President Obama did just that.
In an election defined by anti-establishment energy and anger, the two parties are now diverging as Republicans fully embrace
Donald Trump declared himself the presumptive Republican nominee after his romp across the Northeast Tuesday night.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Trump and Yanukovych have shared the same political brain, an operative named Paul Manafort.
\The only thing she's got going is the fact that she's a woman,\ Trump said on Thursday, refusing to back down from targeting Clinton for what he called \playing the woman's card.\
The senator believes her former rival could actually help Democrats win the general election.
You think?
Hillary Clinton and John Kasich received endorsements from the business group.
The governor says her state can't host terrorists, though they've already held the Charleston shooter and an al-Qaeda recruit in custody.
\You're going to have to explain to people why it is that we sat around for weeks and did nothing on something of this magnitude.\
But Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell still needs convincing to back the revised legislation.
The three R's aren't enough.
The Equality Act would provide nondiscrimination protections at the federal level.
Burn.
\We create situations that are plausible.\
Tell us how you really feel, Mr. Speaker.
After a federal complaint, university is changing how it handles assault cases.
None had gender cards in their purses, either. Sad!
\You convince yourself that it is healthy because it is chicken.\
Up to 50,000 new voters could be added to the rolls.
\You folks are taking a look at the most prepared man in history to step in as president of the United States.\
The budding mogul had a soft spot (but a short memory) for wiseguys.
The Vermont senator gets a much-needed boost in the Nutmeg State.
Tuesday night went about as well as possible for Donald Trump.
Trump seems to be on track to win the nomination.
In the wake of her victories in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Connecticut and Delaware, some of Hillary Clinton\u2019s top operatives
The species carrying the virus are now in 30 states, and Congress is about to go on break.
Carly Fiorina was spotted in Indianapolis on Wednesday amid reports that Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz will
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
It's a big win for The Donald.
GOP voters want the candidate with the most votes to win.
The tiny state wasn't used to so much political attention.
Ocean State voters turned out for the real estate mogul in Tuesday's GOP primary.
His hot hand in the Northeast continues.
He defeated Ted Cruz and John Kasich ... again.
Shuster is under fire for maintaining a romantic relationship with a top airline lobbyist.
Rep. Chaka Fattah, an entrenched Democratic incumbent from Philadelphia, lost his primary Tuesday night after being indicted
Senator Bernie Sanders is planning to lay off \u201chundreds\u201d of campaign staffers across the country and focus much of his remaining
About 60,000 TV ads \u2014 roughly one-fifth of all ads aired in the Republican presidential primary \u2014 have been critical of Donald
Ted Cruz has notched another underwhelming performance in the Northeast.
He's one step closer to the GOP nomination.
Tom Angel, the sheriff's chief of staff, said he regrets that the public saw jokes about Muslims, blacks and women.
A strong progressive triumphs in the Democratic congressional primary.
Democrats pounded the progressive in the race, hoping they can pick up a Senate seat from Republicans in November.
With a victory in the Nutmeg State, Clinton further cements her likely nomination.
*Crickets.*
Corporate contributions helped elect the state's Republican legislative majority.
Journalists can report the facts without glorifying the killer.
Fiorina, who also sought the nomination earlier this cycle, has been a vocal supporter of Cruz on the campaign trail.
The \Brexit\ vote could have global ramifications.
Trump could threaten to run as a write-in candidate -- and doom any Republican who dares steal the nomination.
Has the Trump campaign finally figured out how the nominating process works?
The party's golden boy keeps rising.
Pennsylvania was the largest state of the five holding contests Tuesday.
Jessie's Law tries to make a patient's addiction history more widely known to his or her physicians.
The former Virginia governor's appeal could redefine the rules of government corruption.
Never forget.
\I\u2019d prefer to see a one-man-one-vote system.\
There's a reason Carly Fiorina dropped out of the presidential race.
The measure would allow residents to possess and grow small amounts of weed for recreational use.
Galesburg, Illinois, is one of many towns where lead pipes are contaminating the drinking water.
McKinney printed the entire text of HB 2 onto rolls of toilet paper.
Of course they do.
Mary Pat Christie didn't seem to like what the man her husband endorsed had to say.
Enough with the big sticks already.
People \kind of scratched their head\ over his bid to become mayor.
A fight over drug prices is entering a new phase.
Diane Guerrero shares more about her parents' deportation in a new book.
Bernie's path forward just got a lot harder.
The teen was wounded exactly one year after the funeral for Freddie Gray, whose death in police custody sparked national outrage.
The president will meet with a young girl who wrote him a letter.
Mental health professionals can turn away patients who violate their \sincerely held principles.\
The prospect of a Donald Trump nomination has labor leaders scrambling to hold the line as the Republican frontrunner\u2019s appeal
Donald Trump is bristling at efforts to implement a more conventional presidential campaign strategy, and has expressed misgivings
he Democratic campaign has taken on the feel of \u201cGroundhog Day,\u201d repeating the same storyline over and over with only minor
The media's quadrennial exercise in overthinking is upon us!
Supporters of the law say it prevents fraud, opponents say it is meant to disenfranchise.
\The mosquitoes are buzzing,\ Sen. Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) said.
In the late nineteen-sixties, when Richard Nixon was practicing law on Wall Street but had his eye on bigger things, the
It's the Senate's job to act on nominees, says David Jolly.
The ruling was a victory for Republicans.
As the Republican National Convention kicks off this summer, political mavens will be focused on the maneuvering in Cleveland
Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump have drawn closer to their parties\u2019 nominations with almost every passing week.
From January 2014 to April 2015, more than 31,000 parents claimed children who entered the United States from El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras.
These two teams just don't like each other.
Everyone is certainly not paying rate increases of \u201c35, 45, 55 percent\u201d \u2014 the figures cited by Trump.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton set for big wins in Tuesday's primaries in Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania
This man may be the state's next attorney general.
But his rivals are coordinating against him in the next states.
In West Philadelphia, a teacher willing to broach a heavy subject is helping his students make sense of the shootings that shape their world.
Barack Obama rose to prominence as a different kind of Democrat, an outsider who was not part of the establishment and who
How the military is preparing for the possibility of a very different kind of Commander in Chief.
A court in the Cayman Islands has sought to question Paul Manafort, Donald Trump\u2019s chief campaign aide, to determine what
\This is our responsibility. We are proudly going to continue on the same tack.\
Lawmakers want to shut down the University of Tennessee's diversity office and ban it from promoting gender-neutral pronouns.
David Trone spent more than any other House candidate before him.
There's a sneaky amendment to a must-pass defense bill.
There are 36 co-sponsors for a bill that could significantly change how colleges respond to sexual assault.
A new House bill moves the focus away from recovery.
eBay founder Pierre Omidyar gave $100k. Oh, and a Cards Against Humanity guy chipped in.
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy doesn't sound confident that Congress can act in time.
\Beautiful location, mediocre boba, all served with a heaping dose of racism and sexism,\ one woman wrote on Facebook.
But no word on whether the cops he represents need similar training.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Republicans expect to be battered and fractured by the time they finally find a presidential nominee. But party operatives
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
None of the allegations against Abu Zubaydeh turned out to be true. That didn\u2019t stop the CIA from torturing him for years
They will join forces to attempt to obstruct Trump's path to the magic number of 1,237 GOP delegates.
Mike Pape, a Republican running for Kentucky\u2019s first Congressional district, released a new TV ad filled with ugly stereotypes
Clinton needs to find her voice on the question of campaign finance\u2014to talk more about money, not less\u2014because valid doubts
Even as his chances of winning the Democratic presidential nomination slip away, Senator Bernie Sanders and his allies are
His lawyers argue that the Clinton Foundation uses \university\ the same way Trump University did.
But they're not ready for the race to be over.
Exhaustive research over the past few decades suggests raising the minimum wage has little negative impact on overall employment
Democrats are planning to connect the GOP to Trump\u2019s national security comments, and Republicans are concerned.
Republicans typically poll well on foreign policy and economic issues, but Trump changes that.
The new deployment increases U.S. forces in Syria six-fold to about 300.
It's an uphill climb.
It seems like no one is on the same page.
Some are confused by how their discount was calculated.
Trump's inability to connect with local leaders may come back to haunt him.
A visit to Trump Tower reveals what Donald Trump and his family team are up to
Least of all, us.
Hastert is scheduled to be sentenced on Wednesday for the financial crime.
\Let me make this real, real simple for folks in the media who find this conversation very confusing.\
She's been seen online 66 million times, but the D.C. government still won't let her get a new license.
\Hey, it's a free country.\
He says he \didn't have the balls\ to reach out to the man's wife.
Paata Burchuladze is working Capitol Hill to raise awareness about Georgia's worries.
Veterans who served after 9/11 experienced a range of traumas \u2014 from explosions and sexual abuse to seeing friends wounded or killed.
When Barack Obama worked as a community organizer amid the bleak industrial decay of Chicago\u2019s far South Side during the
AFTER the New York primary, the betting websites are giving Hillary Clinton about a 94 percent chance of being the Democratic
But low-income voters have actually turned out in greater numbers for Hillary Clinton.
Senior Trump aide Paul Manafort dismissed accusations by Sen. Ted Cruz that the real estate mogul had lied about his policies on immigration to \fool gullible voters.\
If Braddock mayor John Fetterman can pull off an upset in Pennsylvania's primary, Sanders could get a kindred spirit in the U.S. Senate.
The Vermont senator said there's a question as to why cigarettes \remain a legal product in this country.\
Despite their aversion to Trump, the Kochs claim they won't use any of their billions to block him from winning the nomination.
But Koch said he and his brother will still not \u201cput a penny\u201d toward the \u201cNever Trump\u201d movement.
HANOVER, Germany, April 25 (Reuters) - President Barack Obama confirmed on Monday that he had approved the deployment of
\If we fail to exercise our fundamental right to vote, then I guarantee that so much of the progress we\u2019ve fought for will be under threat.\
This was a week of goodbyes. On Tuesday, with big wins in the New York primary by Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, the chances for Ted Cruz and Bernie Sanders to win the nominations before the conventions didn't exactly leave the building, but they're headed for the exits. Later that night, Elizabeth Warren, in an epic Twitter rant, said goodbye to Ted Cruz's whining. In response to an email Cruz sent out about the \significant sacrifice\ he was making by running, including that his \health and sleep are limited,\ Warren tweeted
Anyone seeking a real solution in Israel and Palestine rejects the us-versus-them mentality entirely. The solution to the problem is not on the level of land, but on the level of consciousness. The fundamental polarity in that region is not between Israelis and Palestinians, but between those who hate and those who love.
Similar to the tobacco and alcohol advertising campaigns of old, the sugary beverage industry has long targeted low income minority communities.  It's time they started giving back to the communities they have reaped million in profits from for decades.
At age 70, I did not imagine that I would fall in love again and remarry. But the past 20 years have made my life a story
Democratic presidential hopeful Sen. Bernie Sanders said in an interview broadcast Friday that he would wait to see what
First it was an email warning Steve House, the Colorado GOP chairman, to hide his family members and \u201cpray you make it to
While Donald Trump works to build bridges with the Republican insiders who could decide a deadlocked convention, an anti
Hillary Clinton\u2019s advisers and allies have begun extensive discussions about who should be her running mate, seeking to compile
In 2003, when Michael Lewis published \u201cMoneyball,\u201d his book about the ingenious, shoestring operations of the Oakland Athletics
She said it was impossible to do research on a schedule 1 controlled substance, which isn't true.
The head of the Republican National Committee\u00a0implored leaders of his sharply divided party on Friday to rally behind their
Out on the campaign trail, Donald Trump relishes his feud with his own party. He threatened to sue the Republican National
Bernie Sanders shows no sign of dropping out of the presidential race anytime soon, but the vultures are already circling
It\u2019s simply not true that Ohio Gov. Kasich hasn\u2019t had any attack ads run against him.
Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt, has built his campaign on a message of combating income inequality, but that message doesn't seem
Dennis Hastert\u2019s legal team filed dozens of letters in federal court in Chicago on Friday from individuals expressing support
Crowded prisons and excessively long sentences are counterproductive, economists say.
He said once elected officials are ready to meet with activists, organizers \can't just keep on yelling at them.\
Breaking down the national poll numbers reveals some surprising results.
Single-payer can't pass anytime soon. But maybe components of it can.
\When I speak to young people, I implore them, and I implore you, to reject those calls to pull back.\
Obama also saw a performance of excerpts from \Hamlet.\
\It was not simply about legal rights but about a sense of stigma.\
Europe clearly has a problem with anti-Semitism, Islamophobia, and intolerance toward new immigrants. In an effort to examine this worrisome set of concerns, the commission on which I sit as a member--the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom--recently convened a discussion with European Muslims and Jews.
In the United States, while there are shifting patterns of drug use, there is no simple relationship to the severity of the nation's drug laws. The caveat is that from the European study, relaxing penalties had equally unpredictable results. Annan's statement needs that bit of context. We rate this claim Mostly True.
Colbert pointed out that \Reince Priebus\ is an anagram for \crisp bee urine.\  Without vowels, his name becomes
War makes no sense in an age when a single nuclear weapon contains almost ten times the explosive force delivered by all of the allied air forces in the Second World War.
When we look back on this dismal campaign season we'll notice how the real theme of 2016 was the way in which good, old-fashioned misogyny made a roaring comeback. Like a deadening bass-drum, it has functioned as the backbeat of 2016 to such an extent that we hardly hear it anymore.
Yes, I know. The Democratic primary race between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders is still going on. But, the delegate
Donald Trump's chief lieutenants told skeptical Republican leaders Thursday that the GOP front-runner has been \projecting
\This is part of the broken criminal justice system.\
It is often said, and it appears to be true, that Hillary Clinton is more hawkish on foreign policy than President Obama
\I was like, this is ridiculous. I'm visibly trans, is that the reason?\
Rarely have two U.S. presidential front-runners needed more from running mates than Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. The
It's a major move by Democratic Gov. Terry McAuliffe.
Now THAT'S how you win an election.
The tax has been suggested as a way to pay for universal preschool in Philadelphia.
The first lady is becoming a prime-time regular.
Senior Master Sgt. Richard Wright was terminated days after he returned from a 2007 deployment.
The U.S. says that the decision bears \no relation\ to the future of the nuclear agreement with the Islamic republic.
In many states, voters are barred from taking pictures of their ballots.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day. \u00a0 CORRECTION
As Trump allegedly gets more serious about his campaign, he returns to name calling.
The \Open Debate\ between Florida Reps. David Jolly (R) and Alan Grayson (D) will be the first to ask only crowdsourced questions.
The GOP lawmaker is mad -- and confused -- about the retailer's transgender bathroom policy.
A new Democratic ad goes after Pat McCrory for HB2's impact on North Carolina's economy.
But the future of his movement is in his supporters' hands.
Even Warren's Senate power can't beat White House influence.
\Someone has passed away since the gavel dropped,\ says Rep. Fred Upton.
He\u2019s touted his outsider credentials for much of the campaign.
California Assembly Member Roger Hernandez is challenging fellow Democrat Grace Napolitano for her congressional seat.
The GOP front-runner was the same Trump he's always been at a Thursday rally in Pennsylvania.
When you are only beating Louisiana, something is very wrong.
They probably don't mean it as a compliment.
The Justice Department has signaled that it won't try to block a lawsuit arising from the CIA's harsh interrogation techniques
The town of Johnstown was devastated by floods not once, not twice, but three times in less than a century. Then came the
If my social-media feeds are any indication, Hillary Clinton\u2019s big victory in the New York Democratic primary has left many
\Amazing things are happening, but we all seem to be fascinated with a 1980s rocker that canceled a concert.\
President Barack Obama is trying but failing to reassure foreign leaders convinced that Donald Trump will be the next president
\Have we gone stark-raving nuts?\
Gov. John Kasich (R-Ohio) criticized his party for a lack of ideas Wednesday in a wide-ranging and occasionally combative
There are more than enough fences that need mending between the GOP front-runner and the party elites.
\That's up to the prosecutor,\ the mayor said.
So what if the library decided there are better terms?
Almost 100 lawmakers are asking for hearings on five bills.
The state can be a hard place to poll, but it helped that it had closed primaries.
\I just don\u2019t see that we really need that, okay?\
He called out one of the biggest myths behind the bill.
The public as a whole is split, but 18-29-year-olds are much more progressive.
The latest campaign finance reports show the two Democratic candidates raised far more than the three Republicans.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Big money, and plenty of oddities, mark the latest round of campaign disclosures.
She spread more of the same hate.
If only the youth had voted in 2010, everything would be different.
Clinton-Warren 2016?
The GOP presidential hopeful called it \pure political correctness.\
Awwwwkward.
It looks like Donald Trump is the only candidate she will have to wait for.
The Iraq invasion didn't go as she had expected.
Detainees and guards at the  rural facility clashed last year.
The discovery also yielded an unprecedented amount of drugs.
He signed \your motion is granted.\
WASHINGTON \u2014 Officials from the White House and each of the five presidential campaigns are meeting on Wednesday at a luxurious
In Puerto Rico, there are some 400 confirmed cases of Zika.
With his thoroughly dominating performance on Tuesday in New York,Donald J. Trump proved that he remains the preferred candidate
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Even before Donald Trump\u2019s big win in New York Tuesday night, the conversations among party officials and high-level operatives
About 30 percent of the state's Democratic voters fall into that category.
Erica Smegielski \has made it her mission to advocate for common-sense gun safety reform,\ Clinton said.
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders faltered in New York despiteoutspending front-runner Hillary Clinton on
The governor vetoed the Bible bill last week, saying he felt it \u201ctrivializes the Bible.\u201d
He still needs a lot of delegates.
Humboldt County's \green rush\ is threatening the area's redwood ecosystem.
Anthony would have been proud that a woman won the state's presidential primary.
It's being described as \one step towards justice.\
The Long Island congressman voted for John Kasich in Tuesday's GOP primary.
The state's governor just signed an anti-porn resolution based on blatant misinformation.
A silver lining for the Berned.
The Empire State loves The Donald.
She drank bubble tea in Flushing and rallied in Buffalo to make it happen.
Many presidential primary voters experienced a range of problems.
\u201cIt doesn\u2019t matter what kind of person is the exterminator.\
Charter schools are some of the most racially segregated schools in the country.
Special lighting effect... or sign of the end times?
The ruling means Iran's central bank must pay terror claims.
Sometimes, you gotta lower your standards for the sake of the story arc.
The island is nearing a $422 million payment deadline on May 1.
About 120,000 registered Democrats were dropped from voter rolls in Brooklyn.
New documents show abortion providers are \selling baby parts.\ Are they real? Who knows.
It's not just about Flint anymore.
He is believed to be the first U.S. chief justice to use sign language from the bench.
'Senator Cruz is just about mathematically eliminated.'
A unanimous court upheld an Arizona commission's redistricting plan that seemed to favor Democrats.
\I beat every Republican in every poll when they thought I was running.\
Meanwhile, Bernie Sanders\u2019 loss means his chances are very slim.
\There's never been anybody like you before. And there will never be anyone like you again.\
The GOP primary calendar is now working to the front-runner's advantage.
\She reminds me of my mother
Two senior Trump sources confirmed an extensive reorganization of the Trump campaign to CBS News on Monday.
Over the past several months, Donald J. Trump has crisscrossed the country making dozens of campaign stops in places like
With less than 24 hours until the presidential primary, a group of New Yorkers who saw their party affiliations mysteriously
The New York presidential primary is a study in contrasts for underdogs.
One of the most spectacular fissures of this already dramatic political season has been the messy, public divorce of the
In a viral video, the workers learned their jobs are headed to Mexico. They're not huge fans of NAFTA.
The district security director was able to make the purchase without consulting the school board.
I\u2019m dangling 180 feet off the ground in a harness, held by a single rope tied to a redwood tree named Joe. After a moment
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Spectators at Monday's historic hearing included 6-year-old Sophie Cruz, a U.S. citizen whose parents are undocumented.
Sanders questioned whether Clinton's campaign violated legal limits on donations.
Filters can greatly reduce the excessive amount of lead in the water, but some residents still have concerns.
Those who have canceled events in the state include Bruce Springsteen and Pearl Jam.
Foresight deserves recognition too.
The industry has given lawmakers language that will set 73-hour maximum work weeks for drivers.
\I was down there and I watched our police and our firemen, down on 7/11, down at the World Trade Center, right after it came down.\
Clinton has told the story many times before, calling the alleged rejection \infuriating.\
But it won't make or break either candidate.
Sanders' campaign says a source of funds for state Democratic organizations is corrupt.
And women are sick of waiting.
Warren wants him to stop whining about the \sacrifice\ he has made to run for president.
The agreement was the product of several months of negotiations between the city and federal authorities.
A new poll shows a majority of Americans want a vote this year on Merrick Garland. The GOP still says no.
The oil giant says attorneys general trying to access their internal docs \u201cdiscriminates based on viewpoint.\
The fight over Merrick Garland, President Obama's nominee to fill the Supreme Court vacancy cased by the death of Justice
\They\u2019re saying they can\u2019t prove that a rape happened, so they can\u2019t provide the services they would provide to a rape victim,\ student Madi Barney says.
\The question is how do we shift direction, how do we seize the moment?\
The GOP front-runner packed an arena in Buffalo ahead of Tuesday's primary.
The bill made neighborhoods \more harmonious,\ according to the vice president.
The Empire State, not known for \u201cnice,\u201d has made a vicious campaign year even more so.
The Obama administration is accused of violating the law when it issued \u201csubstantive\u201d new Title IX rules.
But there are big divisions by party.
The rock band Boston also followed suit.
An all-out internal power struggle has erupted at the Republican National Committee, just days before a critical party gathering
For more than five years, Donald Trump\u2019s new top campaign aide, Paul Manafort, lobbied for a Washington-based group that
The Pentagon misled Congress with inaccurate and vague information about sexual assault cases that portrayed civilian law
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
His staff says he won't negotiate against himself.
It's not every day a four-time Grammy Award winner knocks on doors for votes.
\If he can't make a deal with his own party, how can you expect him to make a deal with Mexico?\
But prediction markets also say a Democrat is most likely to win in November.
The Michigan governor's approval rating has dropped sharply since Flint's lead poisoning disaster came to light.
But the court should think twice before giving too much weight to what the House has to say on immigration.
Jon Huntsman saw the Trump sideshow as everything he hated about politics.
He was talking to his uncle on the phone.
They make tires in Ohio, so look for GOP retreads in Cleveland.
That doesn't mean wealthier people feel they're getting a fair shake.
The renowned university says HB 2 is causing prospective students and professors to avoid its campus.
\I do not take lightly charging a correctional officer, but based on the available evidence, prosecutors in my office believe criminal charges are warranted.\
Police have fatally shot at least 20 unarmed civilians this year, and cable news hasn't covered a single case.
SYRACUSE, N.Y. \u2014 In his ever-escalating fight with the Republican National Committee, Donald Trump warned Saturday that party
An apology is \a little unrealistic right now,\ Lewandowski said on Fox News.
More than 90 delegates were up for grabs Saturday. And Ted Cruz grabbed most of them. Again.
Making it rain.
And a woman will finally get a spot on a dollar bill.
\You\u2019d better get going, and you\u2019d better straighten out the system, because the people want their vote.\
He's all about the vision. She wants to know the details.
It's all about the Hamiltons, baby.
Pat McCrory defended the so-called bathroom bill that has created a nationwide backlash against North Carolina.
Bernie is so hip rn.
Money does occasionally matter more than politics.
Treasury Secretary Jack Lew is expected to announce this week that Alexander Hamilton's face will remain on the front of
The anti-poverty group says assistance today will \help prevent humanitarian crises tomorrow.\
She'd sign such a bill, with major caveats.
New Yorkers Weingarten, Cooke and Green agree that Sanders is attracting record crowds and voters for an insurgent.  But Clinton wins handily because a practical progressive beats a walking-wish-list now campaigning with acrimony and sanctimony.  Conservatives hope to \lose with Cruz.\
The big and brawling debate Thursday night in Brooklyn revealed that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders are pretty well sick of one another. And that they are each actually pretty darn good at what they do.
Trump has had numerous bites at the apple, and his American dream has been resurrected on more than one occasion -- but then enough money can allow you to leave football leagues, hotels, casinos and Trump University in the junk yard of memories.
I've been fighting free trade since 2008.  For most of that time, while much of the public has been sympathetic, it's been an uphill battle with Congress.  I used to lobby on Capitol Hill, and I frequently got no better than bored politeness from Congressional offices.

As New York residents prepare to head to the polls on Tuesday, with many of them -- particularly Sanders supporters -- wondering how much of a difference their vote can really make, the answer is
This week, the nation watched Kobe Bryant say goodbye to an historic career, while the Golden State Warriors capped a history-making season. The combatants on the other coast were less inspiring. On Tuesday, having been outmaneuvered for delegates in Louisiana and Colorado by Ted Cruz, Donald Trump accused the RNC of being \dirty tricksters\ who should be \ashamed of themselves.\ The next day, The Washington Post estimated that Cruz will pick up 130 to 170 delegates on a second ballot - enough to potentially deny Trump the nomination. As loudly as Trump complains, it's notable that it's in the most business-like aspects of the campaign -- deal-making -- that Trump is failing. If he can't make a deal with his own party, he'll never get that chance to make a deal forcing Mexico to pay for his wall. Meanwhile, as the Democratic candidates debated across the river from Wall Street, it was reported that five of the eight biggest banks failed to come up with credible \living will\ plans required by Dodd-Frank. The Mamba's gone, but too-big-to-fail lives on.
The polling averages now show Clinton up by about 13 points in Tuesday's primary. Sanders has closed gaps like this, but mainly in states that allow independents to vote in party primaries. If Clinton does pull out a win, it ends Sanders' streak and all but guarantees Clinton's nomination. If, on the other hand, Sanders should narrowly win, it doesn't mean he wins the nomination -- the two will split New York's delegates almost evenly. His path to a delegate majority would still be exceedingly steep. But a Sanders win, which would make eight out of the last nine, would reinforce the impression that he's the one with momentum. And it would put the remaining states, most notably Pennsylvania and California, seriously in play. Even with a close win for Clinton in New York, the risk for Democrats is that Clinton limps towards nomination, while the preponderance of energy and excitement are with Sanders.
The chairman of the Republican National Committee has privately urged members of the party\u2019s rules committee not to make
Tensions between the Republican Party and its own front-runner erupted into a full-blown public battle as top party officials
ROME \u2014 Bernie Sanders privately met with Pope Francis at the pontiff\u2019s residence in Vatican City on Saturday morning before
President Obama today pledged support for the Federal Communications Commission effort to give cable TV customers a greater
The ad focuses on the average contribution to Sanders' campaign as a contrast to the high dollar events Clinton will attend this weekend.
Should progressives fight for $15, or play it safe with $12? It's hard to tell with the Democratic front-runner.
\Competition is good for consumers,\ Obama said. Cable industry might not agree.
He joked they think they can fix the country by \shooting every third person on Wall Street.\
\I didn't ask for this to be my cause, but it is going to be now,\ plaintiff Abigail Ross vowed.
Treasury Secretary Jack Lew is expected to announce this week that Alexander Hamilton's face will remain on the front of
He was responding to a report that Facebook employees considered asking their CEO whether they should try to prevent a Trump presidency.
The danger isn't that no one would stand up to President Trump. The danger is that they would.
Trump didn't even try.
The Ohio governor\u2019s awkward New York tour continues.
The Obama administration is preparing to broaden its military campaign against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria by increasing
Nicely played, Mr. President.
The Democratic presidential candidates have divergent views on the controversial natural gas drilling technique.
Anti-abortion groups are attacking California Attorney General Kamala Harris for doing her job.
One night in London in 2005, a woman said a surprisingly eerie thing to\u00a0Monica Lewinsky. Lewinsky had moved from New York
The transfer was the largest group removed from Guantanamo in Obama's effort to close the prison.
\This is called good manners and it is not getting involved in politics,\ the pontiff said.
You can breathe (and do other things) easy.
Sanders promised to release his returns after being challenged by Hillary Clinton during a debate.
The inside story of how the trucking industry and politicians have conspired to make our highways less safe.

The mess the Republicans have got themselves into leaves them facing a likely landslide defeat regardless of whom they nominate for president. So while television, the press and party leaders focus on whether Donald Trump, Ted Cruz or a Sir Galahad to be named later emerges as their candidate, there is a greater, related question lurking.

He forgot to pad out his charitable donations -- failing to meet one of our famously cynical standards for politicians.
\His political incorrectness is one of his great attractions -- it proves he\u2019s not one of 'them.'\
The Republican National Committee is expected to debate a proposal next week that would dramatically shift the balance of
A couple of months ago, Jeb Bush (remember him?) posted a photo of his monogrammed handgun to Twitter, with the caption \u201cAmerica
Donald Trump's presidential campaign has all but thrown in the towel in Wyoming ahead of Saturday's Republican convention
Conservatives horrified by Donald Trump\u2019s seemingly unstoppable rise have developed a perfectly understandable habit of depicting
How has the \u2018system\u2019 been working out for you and your family? No wonder voters demand change.
This week, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg appeared to publicly denounce the political positions of Donald Trump\u2019s presidential
Is Trey Gowdy planning a July surprise? The chairman of the Select Committee on Benghazi went to ground after he and his
\u201cI want white people to recognize there is systemic racism,\ Clinton said.
The ex-Breitbart journalist who was grabbed, and bruised, by Trump\u2019s campaign manager is adamant she wants him to say sorry
They sparred over the minimum wage, campaign contributions, guns and more.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Why is Hillary Clinton refusing to release the transcripts of her Goldman Sachs speeches?
Bernie Sanders launched one of his most powerful indictments of modern capitalism in his campaign in the Vatican on Friday
Just stop doing this. Please.
There have been nine Democratic debates so far, and \not one question\ about reproductive rights.
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton flipped the script in Brooklyn.
Clinton was not having it.
The Brooklyn-born senator had a good night. But he needed something bigger in his homecoming debate.
Zephyr Teachout pitches more broadband as part of a new New Deal.
It appears the effort to pass a statewide two-cents-per-ounce tax on sugar-sweetened beverages has died in California, at
But it might not last through a general election, or even help him in the primary.
The judge said Hastert's recent false statements will be a \big\ factor in his sentencing decision.
The former secretary of state is once again coming under fire for using the word \super-predators.\
Sanders' Democratic debate comments on Israel's Benjamin Netanyahu and the Palestinian conflict echo those that got Simone Zimmerman suspended.
\Do not misrepresent NASA. Fossil fuels are not cooling the planet.\
Participants would need training, but don't need a permit to carry a gun into churches.
A group of former contestants on Donald Trump's reality television show \The Apprentice\ put their old boss in the hot seat
Because Rep. Donna Edwards (D-Md.) is black.
A small core of super-rich individuals is responsible for the record sums cascading into the coffers of super PACs for the
Eleven places will each get at least $1 million to reduce their jail population.
It's getting warmer, and lawmakers just keep fighting.
It's a Brooklyn brawl, y'all.
They\u2019d have to reject both nominees and both parties to vote third party or independent. Very few are willing to go that far.
Eight days before Republican voters in the state of New York would award a massive trove of 95 delegates, Ted Cruz stood
If you can make it here, you can make it anywhere -- or so they say. And now, after competing press releases and months of
The Reagan appointee and Clinton prober says Merrick Garland deserves hearings and a vote as a matter of \good government.\
The world\u2019s farmers have increased their use of genetically modified crops steadily and sharply since the technology became
Karl Rove has publicly blasted Donald Trump as \u201ca petty man consumed by resentment and bitterness\u201d with little gravitas and
For a long time, the smart money was on John Kasich eating his last campaign-trail meal in a lobster joint on the New Hampshire
During a speech Wednesday at the National Action Network Convention \u2014 an event in New York City put on by the Rev. Al Sharpton
Corey Lewandowski was charged last month by police in Jupiter with intentionally grabbing and bruising the arm of a reporter.
The biggest question is how many delegates Trump can win.
Donald Trump is taking over Reddit.
Wounded GOP front-runner Donald Trump is quietly setting up a parallel campaign structure, hiring known Republican fixers
As America tuned in for the primary clashes, the Democrats quit the stage.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
For many Americans, state parks provide the easiest and least expensive way to connect with nature.
The Senate Democratic leader says McConnell's Supreme Court blockade is hurting vulnerable GOP senators, but McConnell cares more about appeasing the billionaires.
At this school, if you report being raped but you let someone of the opposite sex into your bedroom, you could be the one who gets sanctioned.
They want to remind the justices that constitutional disputes affect real people.
His department wants schools to offer a \well-rounded education.\
Conservatives on Capitol Hill want to make it easier to cut mandatory programs.
His little helpers did a great job blowing the horn.
\We had the chance to clear the air.\
Gov. Bill Haslam vetoed a bill that would have made the Bible the official state book.
A Cruz White House could be very hands-on about keeping hands off.
Georgia may be the next state at risk.
Prosecutors are blurring the line between supporters and leaders of the Oregon occupation.
The \Miracle on the Hudson\ hero joined senators pushing to close a loophole that affects cargo pilots.
Thanks to the economy and Donald Trump, a Democratic president might actually have a chance to get stuff done.
Some voters waited up to five hours to cast their ballot.
The Massachusetts governor was yelled at mid-speech.
Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz is close to ensuring that Donald Trump cannot win the GOP nomination on a second
One of the biggest feuds of the ribald political year may be heading toward a d\u00e9tente
Not long ago, Congressional Republicans said authoring and passing a budget were the basics of governing.
During a speech Wednesday at the National Action Network Convention \u2014 an event in New York City put on by the Rev. Al Sharpton
The White House is wading into one of the hardest-fought Democratic primaries in the country \u2014 to tell one side to stop invoking
In other words, he is still eligible to be America's next president.
A Florida prosecutor has decided not to prosecute Donald Trump\u2019s campaign manager for battery after a March run-in with former
Donald Trump's willingness to use torture has apparently pained John Kerry.
He became speaker promising a return to regular order and appropriations bills. At this point, he'll take anything he can get.
\My kids should not have to do that. I need that to stop.\
The Clean Slate Act would give Pennsylvanians an opportunity to have their records sealed.
\Speaking Is Difficult\ juxtaposes the sites of mass shootings with the audio of 911 calls.
Prosecutors said the former Reuters social media editor had sought revenge on his former employer.
\Personally, I am not hearing about problems out in the districts,\ Gov. Bill Haslam said.
\u201cCrack cocaine and the crime bill were the true worst problems that the black community has suffered through in the last 50 years.\
The order covers state employees and employees of state contractors.
Its focus would be improving services that don't require sweeping policy reforms.
States aren't allowed to check the welfare recipients for drugs, but this bill would change that.
Forty Democrats in the Senate have endorsed Hillary Clinton.
Peabody Energy's bankruptcy is further proof that coal is just not a viable U.S. industry anymore.
A federal court was sympathetic to arguments that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is unconstitutional.
A new HuffPost/YouGov poll also shows income can influence views on GMO safety.
Two years ago, President Barack Obama unveiled an initiative to give early release to potentially thousands of federal prisoners
He called Verizon \another major American corporation trying to destroy the lives of working Americans.\
That\u2019s if the general election was held today. A lot can happen by November.
\These are dirty tricksters! This is a dirty trick.\
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The Democratic presidential candidate endorses three congressional candidates in fundraising emails.
It's more of a support group than a revolutionary force.
Donald Trump\u2019s support among Republican voters appears to be as deep as his hard-core GOP opposition, suggesting that the
Washington (CNN)\u00a0House Speaker Paul Ryan is moving aggressively to end speculation that he may be a late entry into the Republican
It\u2019s not uncommon to see developments named after what they displace or sometimes destroy. Subdivisions with names like Wild
Donald Trump on Tuesday slammed the chairman of the Republican National Committee (RNC), claiming the party's system for
But research has found there\u2019s a big difference between a child being able to talk about safety measures and actually being
Denver Post uncovers that Democratic Party told Hillary Clinton's campaign about caucus counting mistake, but kept public
Ten scientists, some from the CIA, gathered in a cabin in Maryland for their semiannual review and conference in November
The memory of the nineteen-nineties has suffused the Democratic Presidential primary from the outset.
Washington (CNN) -\u00a0A number of high-profile Republicans, fearful of a potential melee in Cleveland this summer, are considering
But they\u2019re facing challenges for different reasons.
First they spent tens of millions trying to boost their favorite presidential candidates, then they poured cash into ads
The joke set off angry reactions on social media with commentators criticizing Clinton, who has strong support from black voters.
It just doesn't happen that much in presidential politics.
This is your Senate on drugs.
Legislators say Koch-affiliated groups pressured Republicans on the issue.
Charter schools could play a key role in dismantling the nation's highly segregated schools.
Rep. Gwen Moore (D-Wis.) says Flint's lessons are \global.\
But don't count out a contested convention.
\The pay gap between men and women offends our values as Americans.\
Remember, he has called himself his own adviser on the issue.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
A slice of Constitution Quiche, anyone?
Things are getting better, but it's still not safe to drink from the tap.
The presidential candidates are occupying differing roles in a dispute over labor policy.
\You can't fix a wrong until you acknowledge a mistake.\
The Ohio governor urged Americans not to go down a \path to darkness.\
\I don\u2019t ever want to have to explain another Newtown to my kids, and neither should you.\
Because, if the people get a say, shouldn't Republicans be able to overrule it?
HOBOKEN, N.J. (CBSNewYork) \u2014 Could medical marijuana be the answer to\u00a0women\u00a0suffering from monthly menstrual cramps?
CIA Director John Brennan told NBC News in an exclusive interview that his agency will not engage in harsh \enhanced interrogation
Win or lose, the Democrat has already accelerated a major generational shift within the Democratic party.
Bill Clinton\u2019s recent confrontation with Black Lives Matter protesters in Philadelphia has rekindled debate about the wisdom
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Think you\u2019re anxious about the prospect of a Donald J. Trump presidency? Meet the staffers who would have to work for him
In past presidential primaries, when candidates wanted to win the votes of veterans they would trek to American Legion halls
Spoiler
They used gallons of sky blue paint for the optical illusion.
Will \No fracking anywhere\ message help differentiate him from Hillary Clinton in the New York primary?
They didn't want vulnerable women and kids to go through a difficult process alone.
Big names, high stakes and lots (and lots) of spending.
A new reform plan tries to make the poorly understood central bank an election-year issue.
The new law has a major hole in it, and it's unclear whether universities will punish trans students for using the \wrong\ bathroom.
\They feel very guilty.\
John Brennan's pledge to not torture terror suspects may be put to the test if one of the leading GOP candidates wins the White House.
The VP says that America is \ready for a woman.\
But it might be too late.
Even the whiff of openness to cutting the program is a vulnerability in key Senate primaries.
\u201cI mean, he's terrible. No decent man does a thing like that.\
OPINION COLUMNS PUBLISHED in California newspapers over the last year in support of the Trans-Pacific Partnership use language
Ambivalence about a Trump-Cruz battle pushes many Republican fundraisers away from the presidential contest.
It was only a matter of time before the Panama Papers controversy and the Unaoil bribery scandal overlapped. Leaked emails
AS APPLE BATTLED the FBI for the last two months over the agency\u2019s demands that Apple help crack its own encryption, both
\Everybody chill out.\
\There's the law, and then there's ethics, and then there's getting votes.\
\This is somebody who has served her country for four years as secretary of state, and did an outstanding job.\
Clinton was referring to \young blacks\ when she used the term \super-predators\ in the 1990s, Sanders said.
\I have my doubts about what kind of president she would make.\
They are also concerned about the lack of resources in their kids' schools.
This week the presidential circus rolled into Wisconsin, with Ted Cruz scoring a big victory against a stumbling Trump. New York Magazine's Gabriel Sherman suggested those wobbles might be due to burnout. \People who know Trump say they've never seen him so tired,\ he wrote. Supporting evidence comes from modern science, as sleep deprivation symptoms include lack of judgment, inability to process basic information, irritability, mood swings and a paranoid tendency to spout conspiracy theories. Sound familiar? Trump's biggest contribution to the discourse might be as a cautionary tale about exhaustion, and the resulting consequences of lack of impulse control. And as the campaign heads to the city that never sleeps, I'll be heading west on a different campaign, to change the way we think about sleep -- that includes a college tour and a campaign against drowsy driving with Uber. In the meantime, all the candidates could do the electorate a favor and get some sleep.
When I read about the failed Pfizer deal to merge with Allergen and move the headquarters to Ireland, allowing them to evade paying US taxes, I think that I may be discussing a possible future for the US market. Large corporations are not interested in the common good of human beings.
We were all told from the time we could understand that we could grow up to be anything we wanted to be, that we could have whatever we wanted to have if we worked hard. Now for whatever reason we're being told that this is no longer true.
From spending $150 million on private villas for a handful of personnel in Afghanistan to blowing $2.7 billion on an air surveillance balloon that doesn't work, the latest revelations of waste at the Pentagon are just the most recent howlers in a long line of similar stories stretching back at least five decades.
If Republicans really cared about the EEOC's \mission not accomplished\ record due to budget starvation, it would increase funding for investigation and prosecution of giant corporations getting fat off our tax dollars -- while women working for them still slave away for 79 cents on the dollar.
Sanders' critique of Clinton isn't that she is unqualified or inexperienced. It is far tougher and more substantive. His campaign is premised on the belief that she is too compromised and conservative to be the president we need.
Ted Cruz swept all of the delegates available in Colorado on Friday and is poised to win more here on Saturday as he seeks
When it comes to nominating presidential candidates, it turns out the world\u2019s foremost democracy is not so purely democratic
The presidential campaign of Donald Trump stumbled yet again Saturday amid the complex preparations required to win Republican
Federal prosecutors on Friday detailed some of the lurid allegations of sexual misconduct against former U.S. House speaker
Democratic rivals Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are facing off in a U.S. presidential nominating contest in Wyoming
The extradition of Romanian hacker \u201cGuccifer\u201d to the U.S. at a critical point in the FBI\u2019s criminal investigation of Hillary
Conservative forces working against Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump in New York aren't expecting him to
Donald Trump\u2019s campaign overhaul has inflamed an internecine struggle among three of his closest advisors, creating an atmosphere
More than three months before any ballots have been cast at the Republican convention, Roger Stone, Donald Trump\u2019s on-again
In a document that outlined sentencing recommendations, prosecutors said Hastert molested at least four boys from the high school he taught and coached at in the 1960s and 1970s.
You're making the rest of us look bad, Bernie.
A local reporter says the campaign turned a noise machine out onto the street just before Clinton started speaking.
\In 10 months, I will no longer be president of the United States. But in 10 months, I will - contrary to Mr. Trump's opinion - still be a citizen of the United States.\
In some places, they opt their kids out of the tests at higher rates than parents of students of color. Here's why some people are trying to change that.
\Allow the time to fit the crime,\ says Brown.
Puerto Rico's Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla declared an emergency at the island's Government Development Bank (GDB) on
Dennis Hastert agreed to pay $3.5 million to a person the former House speaker sexually abused when the victim was 14 years
\Working with what we we got, how can we make this year more meaningful?\
\u201cI want to deploy, see action, and I definitely want to go to Airborne school,\u201d said Tammy Barnett, a police officer.
There was some good news and some bad news on marijuana this week, which got us thinking about how the subject of federal marijuana policy relates to the presidential nomination race.
This election cycle has quickly become one for the record books. There have been heated primary contests, unexpected election results, and extremely close polls. When races are that close and the presidency is at stake, every vote counts. Why, then, are certain demographics being overlooked or ignored?
I was stunned when Kentucky's Lt. Governor Jenean Hampton told the Eastern Kentucky University Progress (a paper that I wrote for from 1978 to 1980) that, \I would be looking for degrees that would land a job. I would not be studying history.\
Remember several weeks ago when Hillary Clinton was complaining that Democrats did not consider her a \progressive?\ Bernie Sanders' big win in Wisconsin ended that tactic and propelled Paul Krugman and Hillary and Bill Clinton to race to the right, inadvertently proving Bernie's point that they are not progressives on the key issues.
Sanders stopped by \Today\ to talk about his recent contentious remarks.
Key conservative groups backed by the billionaire Koch brothers and their network of rich allies are plowing millions into
There\u2019s been so much dramatic news about the Supreme Court in recent days that it\u2019s easy to miss some of it. Indeed, the
Donald J. Trump is expanding his team and empowering his newly hired convention manager as he tries reboot his presidential
In the topsy-turvy race for president, Ted Cruz has emerged as the clear GOP alternative to Donald Trump, but even if he\u2019s
More than three months before any ballots have been cast at the Republican convention, Roger Stone, Donald Trump\u2019s on-again
The reporter from the Washington Post didn\u2019t ask Donald Trump about nuclear weapons, but he wanted to talk about them anyway
He leads Ted Cruz and John Kasich by wide margins in polls of the Northeastern states.
WASHINGTON \u2014 Donald J. Trump calls for \u201ca full repeal of Obamacare\u201d but says that \u201ceverybody\u2019s got to be covered.\u201d Initially
From the beginning, many and probably most liberal policy wonks were skeptical about Bernie Sanders.
She took a shady swipe.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Reporters need background checks, because apparently you never know.
Four years after asserting executive privilege to block Congress from obtaining documents relating to a controversial federal
BOSTON, April 8 (Reuters) - A U.S. magistrate judge in Boston in February ordered Apple Inc to assist law enforcement officers
Sanders said young people aren't just 20-year-olds.
The former president admitted his crime bill did some things that \cannot be justified.\
Hillary, Bernie or The Donald -- just choose your favorite stereotype.
The media's obsession with gaffes is over, thanks to Donald Trump.
State Rep. Jeremy Durham (R) is accused of sexually harassing women in the statehouse.
Sanders distances himself from Trump a bit.
\I am a big, big fan of the pope,\ Sanders said in an interview on MSNBC.
Legislators are debating how to fight for Obama's nominee without becoming obstructionist.
Clinton touted the supposed benefits of the law this week.
\I think the idea of a Donald Trump or a Ted Cruz presidency would be an unmitigated disaster for this country.\
Emissions from freight facilities disproportionately affect blacks and Latinos.
GOP senators are barely confirming judicial nominees -- even their own.
Walker has worked to clip the wings of unions during his time in office.
Dirtbag CEO Don Blankenship gets just one year in a case that began with 29 dead miners.
A new coalition of city leaders is dedicated to fighting discriminatory policies in North Carolina and Mississippi.
Authorities say the situation has been contained.
Nestled in the neo-Georgian sanctuary of the Knickerbocker Club, one of New York\u2019s oldest and fustiest social establishments
Hillary Clinton fashions herself as the ultimate general in a war against big-money politics.
On Tuesday night, following Bernie Sanders\u2019s big win in the Wisconsin primary, his campaign manager, Jeff Weaver, understandably
Reforms wait as Democrat's allies target GOP with super PACs, \u2018dark money\u2019
Nestled in the neo-Georgian sanctuary of the Knickerbocker Club, one of New York\u2019s oldest and fustiest social establishments
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president, Bernie Sanders told a crowd of supporters in Philadelphia on Wednesday
Washington (CNN)Bernie Sanders said Wednesday that Hillary Clinton was not \qualified\ to be president, an escalation in
The White House has decided to combat the Zika virus by transferring funds that were originally intended to help prevent
For months, federal authorities have hinted at the motive behind the hush-money payments former U.S. House Speaker Dennis
A handy reference for navigating an emerging industry.
\I hope that the talk of hearings and markups isn\u2019t an excuse to delay action,\ Sen. Rob Portman said in a warning to his House colleagues.
Carson's defense of the front-runner's campaign manager is only his latest strange statement.
The charity paid millions in federal stimulus funds to developers shortly after longtime tenants were pushed out. \u201cWe are
A new survey shows he'd lose the youth vote by a far greater margin than Ted Cruz would.
A House committee approved a bill that would require students to use bathrooms corresponding to their gender at birth.
The president defended his choice and said he has appointed more women, people of color and LGBT people to federal courts than his predecessors.
The Federal Election Commission also wants to know about a $1,650 payment to Christian Unified Schools.
The former president responded to criticism of welfare reform and a controversial crime bill passed in the \u201990s.
Many of these women have been told their whole lives that they're not as qualified as men.
Several other states this week passed laws that could discriminate against transgender people.
Civil rights groups say judges and immigration agents are setting bond amounts that some individuals can't pay.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\ud83d\ude87
To start looking beyond the primaries or not? For Democrats, that is the question.
Eleven agents seized four computers and hundreds of hours of video footage from David Daleiden's apartment.
The #StopTrump movement better be prepared.
He likely has strong support among his party's delegates.
The vice president talked to The Huffington Post about his decades-long quest to end domestic violence and sexual assault.
A U.S. State Department report found that the United States' popularity in Iraq has plummeted over the course of a year.
\They\u2019re very much bewildered by the election process, like I am.\
Rebecca Bradley had been on the defensive since her old college writings came to light.
His skills are impressive.
And the timing of the new tax inversion rules couldn't have been better.
Follow live for the latest results in the Republican and Democratic Wisconsin primaries.
SAN FRANCISCO \u2014 San Francisco on Tuesday became the first city in the United States to approve six weeks of fully paid leave
But it doesn't get them any closer to a nomination.
He won't be on November's ballot, but President Barack Obama is slowly embracing his role as the anti-Trump, taking on the
The city may have to cut seven police positions after voters rejected a property tax increase.
A high school senior\u2019s final project might become a law to help combat voter disenfranchisement in D.C. Ward 2 Councilmember
Operating under federal oversight, officers will be scrutinized for how they use force.
\I don\u2019t know quite how to characterize him.\
The measure throws into doubt broader restructuring plans to stave off a financial collapse.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
If you can make it there, you can make it anywhere.
A campaign spokesperson for Rep. David Jolly, a Republican Senate candidate in Florida, admitted to BuzzFeed News on Tuesday
Lawyers for the Illinois Republican cite damage to his reputation in asking judge for probation.
The state's primary was open, so non-Democrats could participate.
The GOP frontrunner has a serious gender problem.
The Illinois Democrat is hoping to fill the president's former seat.
Women are calling the governor to protest tighter restrictions to abortion access in Indiana.
The Texas senator also tried tying his Queens-raised, Manhattan-based rival to the state's Democratic politicians.
Prediction markets react quickly to Donald Trump\u2019s loss.
Sen. Dick Durbin says Republicans are trampling Merrick Garland's nomination because they don't like the president.
A complaint to the Department of Homeland Security alleges agents broke protocol by not returning belongings to people they deported.
\How do I get an ID card if I don\u2019t have an ID card?\ a frustrated voter asked.
They aren't moving off Trump, just tying him to the Texas senator.
New York's governor denounced the legislation as a \hateful injustice against the LGBT community.\
The White House says the contentious new \fiduciary rule\ could save Americans billions of dollars on their IRAs.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
A law that took effect in February 2015 allows adults to possess small amounts of marijuana and grow and consume it at home.
Donald Trump\u2019s campaign is increasingly falling into disarray as the Manhattan billionaire braces for a loss in Wisconsin
Almost five years after the 2010 Deepwater Horizon spill sent millions of barrels of oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico
Political scientists Jacob Hacker and Paul Pierson\u2019s recent piece on the future of the GOP starts out well enough.
Donald Trump says he will force Mexico to pay for a border wall as president by threatening to cut off the flow of billions
Lawmakers passed a bill that's on its way to Gov. Bill Haslam's desk.
Meanwhile, the Trump campaign is scrambling to make up ground with women.
But the Democratic National Committee chair said she's not \rigging the outcome.\
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) \u2014 We are officially in road construction season \u2014 also known as spring and summer in Minnesota.
\That would be a horrible choice for our members,\ said the president of Concerned Women for America.
Drug policy reform advocates denounced the hearing as dishonest and out of touch.
Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine) said colleagues should meet the \well-informed, thoughtful, impressive, extraordinarily bright\ nominee.
Building a wall and deporting 11 million people are not serious ideas.
Matt McGorry will join the vice president at a Pittsburgh event.
The newly added debate will be five days before the crucial New York Democratic primary.
Aaron Day had vowed to run if New Hampshire expanded Medicaid coverage, which it just did.
The ability to find housing is critical for successful re-entry into society.
He called the candidate's comments \really bad.\
Nevada officers fired a live shotgun round once every 10 days between Jan. 1, 2012, and June 26, 2015.
They're tired of the most conservative members of their party setting the agenda.
The legal argument the petition made was questionable anyway.
Pretty bad tweet, man.
Poor students enter kindergarten already lagging behind their more affluent peers.
The story illustrates perfectly how insane and wonderful the Iowa caucuses truly are.
The law clears the way for employers to cite religion in determining workplace policies on dress code, grooming and bathroom and locker access.
It could be a long night waiting for results.
In the afternoon of March 15, as voters across five states streamed to the polls, Donald Trump\u2019s campaign advisers gathered
Political campaigns are wrought with clich\u00e9.\u00a0From the red, white, and blue banners to stump speeches in local coffee houses
More than 200 current and former members of Congress are coming to the aid of the Clean Power Plan, the Obama administration\u2019s
Donald Trump\u2019s candidacy has been marked by controversy, but the latest flare-up comes at a particularly pivotal time in
A billboard truck will be rolling around as advocates from across the country come to Washington.
On the eve of the Wisconsin primaries, top Republicans are becoming increasingly vocal about their long-held belief that
Maybe it\u2019s not just the economy.
The senator invited Garland to breakfast, but insists he won't hold hearings on his nomination to the Supreme Court.
\This is not a slam dunk,\ Martin O'Malley warns.
Delegates must also vote in a vice presidential nominee.
The Trump International Hotel has tried and failed to quash a union drive.
The Democratic National Committee criticized Trump for his remarks, saying they \undermine our economy.\
Two cops allegedly took $10,000 from a driver in exchange for not pressing criminal charges.
A different ruling would have shifted power away from Democratic-leaning areas.
There are signs that suggest maybe not. Hey, let\u2019s speculate.
A new report describes the public health risks of climate change in sobering detail.
The fight against the tampon tax is heating up in California.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Tim Canova raised more than half a million dollars in the first three months of the year.
Some voters waited five hours to cast their ballot during the state's primary last month.
\There's no leverage over us,\ RNC chairman Reince Priebus said.
The incident occurred in Chester, Pennsylvania.
The Donald Trump and Ted Cruz campaigns are working to prevent John Kasich from appearing on the ballot at the Republican
The wall of Republican opposition to the nomination of Judge Merrick B. Garland to the Supreme Court has been shored up by
\We made clear that I'm happy to answer any questions that anybody might have. And I stand by that.\
The GOP front-runner says he wouldn't retweet that nasty pic of Heidi Cruz if he could do it again.
Despite criticism over his foreign policy positions, Trump does not let up.
Maureen Dowd goes for the throat. Bob Woodward and Robert Costa, not so much.
A \green energy\ revolution?
\Are there better people? Probably.\
By not constantly challenging Donald Trump's various claims, the news media allows them to become part of the mainstream, Huffington said.
This week the nation got to experience March Madness a few days early with Donald Trump's back-to-back town halls. On Tuesday, Trump said he supports nuclear non-proliferation but also suggested that South Korea and Japan get nuclear weapons of their own (the latter has a pretty good rationale for being nuclear-free). The next night, when asked if women who have abortions should be punished, he replied, \there has to be some form of punishment.\ And no, this wasn't an early April Fool's joke. He walked back the statement the next day, but perhaps this is the reason why three-quarters of women view him unfavorably. But as extreme as the statement was, it's worth noting that mainstream Republican policy has been punishing women seeking abortions for years at the state level - putting up unnecessary roadblocks, mandating outdated procedures and making life as miserable as possible for vulnerable women. Madness indeed.
In his latest book, A Passion for Leadership
One needn't speculate about how the Democrats could end up losing the 2016 presidential election. In fact, a subtly complex, multi-part plan to do just that is exactly what the Democrats have been up to over the last six months.
There is a pattern
What is most offensive about the Trump, Cruz, Carson, anti-abortion contention that women who have abortions are \victims\ is that it is profoundly dishonest and insulting to the dignity and integrity of women. They should be ashamed.
I'm a German American and, like many others residents of Los Angeles County, whose tax dollars pay for the park, I find the new sign offensive, not simply because it honors Paul von Hindenburg but because it obscures the site's ugly past.
For decades, the developing world's best and brightest have set off to seek their\nfortunes on foreign shores. But in recent years, the tide of brain drain has been\nturning, with some of these so-called \sea turtles\ making the voyage home.
The Times has generally failed its readers by failing to include a genuine liberal-populist on its editorial pages who recognizes that the corporatist bent of the Democratic Party over the last generation has contributed to marked social ills alongside the Republicans.
Hillary Clinton snapped at a Greenpeace protester. She linked Bernie Sanders and tea party Republicans. And she bristled
Roger Stone, the longtime Republican political operative and current ally of Donald Trump, says he\u2019s trying to organize protests
WASHINGTON \u2014 YOU could hear how hard it was for Donald Trump to say the words. \u201cYeah, it was a mistake,\u201d he said, sounding
In public, Donald Trump is standing behind embattled campaign manager Corey Lewandowski as he faces battery charges for grabbing
Donald Trump said in an interview that economic conditions are so perilous that the country is headed for a \u201cvery massive
The Obama administration is considering whether North Carolina\u2019s new law on gay and transgender rights makes the state ineligible
Johnny Randle, a 74-year-old African-American resident of Milwaukee, moved to Wisconsin from Mississippi in 2011, the same
The government recently abandoned its legal case to force Apple to help it unlock iPhones.
Clinton's campaign said the Vermont senator rejected three proposed dates.
As for running for another office, that's more complicated ...
Once more, his people had to swoop in to take back what he said.
Unaoil relied on both banks as it cut deals with corrupt regimes.
\In situations of war, you know, we have to take responsibility when we're not acting appropriately.\
The plaintiffs claim they were assaulted at the rally.
She did get some laughter when she said, \Trump talks rationally.\
For decades, smoking pot outside the White House was no more than a (dangerous) lark. The protesters didn't seriously expect to see the laws changed. Now the laws have changed, which means that such protests are a lot more targeted and a lot more important.
This week I use this space to offer a suggestion that will save the taxpayers money, increase the efficiency of government and enable those in Congress to more accurately reflect voters' wills.  The only surprising thing is that no one has come up with this idea before now.
Why are so many Senate Republicans afraid to give Judge Garland a hearing? I can only believe it's because they know that Americans would like what Judge Garland has to say.
With the Democracy Spring march launching from Philadelphia today, it is worth reflecting on that notion, juxtaposed against the perverse rationale of the U.S. Supreme Court's Citizens United decision.
Trump has run a highly unconventional and utterly disturbing campaign. Let's not assume that he's about to stop now -- no matter how close he might be to locking up the GOP nomination.
Here's yet another news story that explains why the majority of Americans dislike politicians -- and, specifically, according to polling, Hillary Clinton.
When Republican Senator Trent Lott and Democrat Senator Tom Daschle, who have been on the opposite sides of the isle on almost every policy and law debated in the Senate, come together to write a book because they both agree we are at a crisis point, it is time to listen.


The headquarters of the Monaco-based oil company Unaoil and the homes of its executives have been raided by police in the
North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory (R) might claim that he hasn\u2019t heard directly from any companies planning to leave his state
A federal appeals court will hear a challenge to Obama's signature climate rule in June.
Donald J. Trump, who in recent days has mocked a political opponent\u2019s wife, defended a campaign aide arrested on a charge
GOP redistricting post-2010 was built to withstand even a landslide loss. The week's hot political story is fantasy
After the assassination of three American icons, a group of mad men launched a no-holds-barred campaign in support of a landmark
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The Sanders campaign has come much further than almost anyone expected, to the point where Sanders can have a lot of influence
Those thoughts might be \u201cthis is crazy,\u201d but they\u2019re thinking about it.
The Ohio governor just cut funding for a program that helped over 2,800 black mothers in 2015.
Muriel Bowser won't allow official government travel to North Carolina.
A Cruz win would help pave the way for a contested convention.
Because that wouldn't make them \super.\
The House has proposed a Washington-based oversight board, and Sanders has taken a stronger stance against it than most Democrats.
He also talked with Stephen Colbert about superdelegates.
The high schooler points out that the Judiciary Committee chair would have to step down if he heeded his own logic.
She's going to be making a big push in upstate New York in the coming days.
He challenged the concept of women as victims espoused by anti-abortion groups.
\Just because you happen to have a bunch of money doesn't mean you should give up on the idea of justice and equality.\
Students were transported in the bus before the materials were found, officials said.
A Secret Service agent at an event for the Turkish president told a Turkish security guard to \calm down\ and \act like an adult.\
And the crazy thing is, he's the candidate with some of the most moderate views on reproductive rights.
Pennsylvania Senate candidate John Fetterman accused the DNC chair of colluding with payday lenders.
The deal was reached the same day California lawmakers approved raising the state's minimum wage to $15 by 2022.
Opponents were able to delay the bill from going before the governor by using a last-ditch procedural tactic.
The president said Trump's comments about nuclear weapons show he \doesn't know much\ about proliferation.
Armenia is allowing Russia to menace NATO member Turkey, according to the lobbyists.
Gov. Robert Bentley changed cellphones frequently, a former top aide says.
The veteran communications strategist is named amid an exodus of top black staffers from the RNC.
They want border patrol agents held accountable.
There's nothing like an outrageous Trump comment to bring everyone together.
Faced with no good options, the party is preparing for a messy convention.
The severe weather also blew down power lines and damaged numerous structures.
\u201cListen to the crowd. There\u2019s no violence. It\u2019s a media fabrication,\u201d Republican frontrunner Donald Trump told People magazine
\He smells that there's change in the air and what he wants to do is make sure that that change works really, really well for Donald Trump.\
Meanwhile, the Democrats are in a tight race.
The city needs tax hikes to live up to the DOJ agreement, he says.
The 2016 election may be a battle between optimism and pessimism.
Trump's campaign released the unusual letter from lawyers as the GOP front-runner tangled himself in an abortion controversy.
As a campaign surrogate, he leaves a lot to be desired.
\Tough on crime\ was once a winning strategy. Now it's becoming a liability.
News of his hiring comes days after the Chicago mayor named a new interim police chief in a bid to reform the department.
The RNC, which has made broadening its base a priority, just lost its head of black outreach.
\I never felt that he was against women.\u201d
Climate change is \a pillar of the U.S.-China bilateral relationship,\ said the presidents of the world's two biggest emitters.
\u201cDo you want a world filled with love or a world with pre-judgment and hate speech?\u201d
Ann Coulter called Trump \mental\ for going after Ted Cruz's wife.
Inside Trump's plan to combat gun violence
Neither are we, to be honest.
The proposal comes amid mounting tensions between Russia and the West.
Some of the country\u2019s best-known corporations are nervously grappling with what role they should play at the Republican National
During the Obama era, the keenest minds in the conservative movement have had to develop policy responses to the administration\u2019s
Last February, AJ, a single mother in Mississippi, found herself at the back of an abortion clinic in Memphis, Tennessee
Bernie Sanders and Ted Cruz lead the state in a Marquette University poll.
She's still probably not ready to see him go.
Obama granted clemency to 61 people on Wednesday -- but his pardon rate is far lower than what advocates hoped for.
They were accused of misrepresenting themselves to donors and using the money for personal purchases.
Here are 13 ways.
\Hindenburg\ Trump is playing with matches.
But time is running out.
\Nothing more than an attempt to stigmatize.\
The ruling upholds a city ordinance banning discrimination against the LGBT community.
The 16 women are speaking out after Corey Lewandowski was charged with battery.
He cited education policy as a key function of the federal government. But he also wants to get rid of the Department of Education. Oops.
The good news is, that's why the law exists. The bad news is, all that treatment costs money.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
A federal probe into the teen's killing is unfinished.
Over 60 percent of voters view him unfavorably -- and that number has been climbing.
Political betting markets, which tend to be pretty accurate, put the probability at 61 percent.
Men should be all right, though.
Citizens recording and verbally opposing police actions are given strong protections in the deal between feds and Newark.
Cruz and Kasich back off the pledge, too.
It doesn't.
You can't win if you're this disliked.
\u201cAre you available? You look great tonight.\
At least 100 asylum seekers could be deported next week to Bangladesh, where they fear they could be killed.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Walker says he chose Cruz based on his credentials, not just because he believes Cruz can defeat Trump.
When President Obama first nominated Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court, Senate Republicans were united in their wall of
Seriously, that was crazy.
New York State, New York City and Seattle are following San Francisco\u2019s lead.
A split 4-4 decision means public-sector unions can keep their system of collecting fees from workers.
Evidence gathered from a jailhouse informant helped to build a case against a man for murder. In a retrial without that evidence, a jury failed to convict him.
The post-Scalia court ruled in favor of dues for non-union members.
One protester said he was paid and didn't know the congresswoman's party. Others refused to say why they were there. What's going on?
The city council passed the measure one day before Donald Trump's rally in town.
The Republican leading the charge says that when Congress comes back after November elections, \the American public gets screwed.\
And it's worked.
Remember the corrupt pro-Putin president of Ukraine? An early Reaganite outsider turned wealthy D.C. lobbyist was his campaign adviser.
\Companies that deceived investors and consumers about the dangers of climate change ... must be held accountable,\ says Massachusetts AG.
HHS lays out its plan to raise the patient cap for doctors prescribing addiction medication.
Sen. Susan Collins said she reread the Constitution just to make sure.
\If you're going to get squeezed, wouldn't you think she would have yelled out a scream or something if she has bruises on her arm?\
Or, \How to avoid a dumb two-day media flap
The former George W. Bush administration official declined to offer her personal opinion about the controversial new law.
The widely criticized law blocks cities and towns from passing rules that protect LGBT rights.
First he denied his aide assaulted a reporter. Then the candidate said the reporter actually tried to attack him.
Previous state law gave women the choice whether or not to opt for anesthesia.
Some disabled workers are being paid pennies per hour under a 78-year-old loophole in federal wage law.
The president shared his views on topics ranging from Vladimir Putin to Donald Trump.
Even Republicans -- especially those under age 30 -- support reform.
Larry Dawson was arrested last year for shouting in the House of Representatives.
Not to freak you out, but ... we're all about to be in a long-term relationship, whether we like it or not.
Tiny hands, big impact.
In a new ad, Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) promotes his tax plan, which he paints as a way to boost
It all depends on how you ask.
In response to an epidemic of gun violence in America, Republicans reject any effort to control gun use. The solution, instead
I\u2019ve investigated Hillary and know she likes a \u2018zone of privacy\u2019 around her. This lack of transparency, rather than any actual
There aren\u2019t very many caucuses left, and he trails Hillary Clinton by several hundred delegates.
Some options are better than others.
The law blocks cities and counties from passing protections against LGBT discrimination.
Capitol police identified the suspect as 66-year-old Larry Dawson.
The unprecedented move comes in the midst of heightened scrutiny of the mayor and the police department.
Grassley is holding 16 private question-and-answer events during the Senate's spring recess.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\It's a matter of economic justice and it makes sense,\ Governor Jerry Brown said.
Ann Coulter, Elon Musk and a certain plucky senator from Vermont.
Disney and the NFL were among the companies pressuring Nathan Deal to reject the so-called religious liberty bill.
He spent time in states his team says he didn't really contest.
John Brennan also talked about the observance of the ceasefire in Syria.
\They don't know where it's taking the United States of America.\
The retired leader said the U.S. president \honey-coated\ his comments.
Classified pictures showing CIA captives bruised, blindfolded and bound raise new questions about US\u2019s willingness to use
This is her third child, and The Donald's eighth grandkid.
Lawmakers and labor unions have struck a tentative deal to raise the statewide minimum wage to $10.50 an hour next year and
In a mathematical squeeze to make up ground in the Democratic presidential race, Bernie Sanders is preparing to ratchet up
Despite Sanders' sweep, the delegate math still favors Clinton.
The Ohio governor's comments marked a sharp divergence from his rivals for the Republican presidential nomination.
He took a swipe at her \big-money\ connections.
\u201cWe're going to look at it every single day.\
\Momentum is with us. A lot of these super-delegates may rethink their position with Hillary Clinton.\
Fourteen other states and several cities began 2016 with minimum wage increases.
\u201cSome people have said, \u2018Kasich would be the best president.\u2019\u201d
More favs, fewer RTs, and perhaps some lurking instead of posting.


If Hillary is the nominee, a Hillary-Bernie ticket will be a big winner, and a Clinton-Sanders administration will be a big winner for the American people.
He still faces an uphill battle against Hillary Clinton.
The latest results as Democrats caucus in Washington, Alaska and Hawaii.
Tens of thousands of people in the state attended Sanders' rallies.
Can Bernie sweep Saturday?
As Donald Trump gives us the bird, the Bern brings us a dove.
Right.
GOP voters give them similar marks for honesty, though Trump's statements are false more often than Cruz's.
And he probably won't do anything about it.
Without guns, attendees will be \sitting ducks, utterly helpless against evil-doers.\
Donald J. Trump, the Republican presidential front-runner, said that if elected, he might halt purchases of oil from Saudi
Rick Scott, chipping away at Roe vs. Wade, one terrible law at a time.
The largest exodus in 50 years is emptying the island.
That's right, short-term Republican presidential front runner, Governor Scott Walker, now has a decision to make. Does he want to be on the bottom of the 2016 Republican presidential ticket? Those are the stakes for Governor Walker for the Wisconsin Republican primary on April 5.
I had the honor to travel with President Obama, members of his Cabinet, and my Congressional Colleagues to Cuba this past week as part of an effort to chart a new era of U.S. relations with the Cuban people and the Cuban government.
Knee jerk reactions, playing on frightened peoples' emotions and demagoguery will not solve the problem, it will only alienate those people who should be part of the solution.
The performances by four of the five remaining presidential candidates at AIPAC's policy conference made this a perfectly strange and unsettling week in Washington.

How able would Trump be to improve significantly his favorable/unfavorable ratio in time for the general election in November?
When it comes to climate science, Donald Trump doesn\u2019t even know what he doesn\u2019t know. But when it comes to classical rhetoric
And Democrats say GOP leaders are negotiating in good faith.
This is a wonderful moment to be a conservative. For decades now the Republican Party has been groaning under the Reagan
On March 16, an 11-year-old child in Queens, New York, found a loaded .380-caliber handgun under his grandfather\u2019s bed and
The senator accused Donald Trump of planting a National Enquirer sex scandal story. If that\u2019s true, Trump wasn\u2019t the only
On the campaign trail, Donald Trump has a clear answer to questions about a contested convention in Cleveland \u2014 it\u2019s not
Rep. Carlos Curbelo says he'll never support Trump. So that leaves...
The bill bans any disability-related abortion along with terminations of pregnancy based on race, gender or national origin.
The sound bites. The fundraising. The phony attacks. Richard Carmona despised all of it.
Emailer threatened to expose Steven Michael Quezada's past DWI conviction.
The city will no longer pay for its employees to travel to the state.
Older Latino workers are far more likely to have physically stressful jobs than their peers.
Male voters aren't too crazy about Clinton, though
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\u2018\u2018He\u2019s out there. He fights from the heart.\
Trump enlisted \his friends at The National Enquirer,\ Cruz claims.
William Celli said in a Facebook post that he would follow Trump to \the end of the world.\
Timothy Craggette says he's sorry. An eyewitness says there's no way he mistook the hijab for a hoodie.
American Muslims are watching in growing horror as Donald J. Trump and Senator Ted Cruz battle for the Republican presidential
Republicans and Democrats also hold vastly different views on America's foreign policy priorities.
Maybe an endorsement from avian voters?
One day after a subcommittee halted a controversial bill that seeks to require students to use bathrooms that match their
Grassroots groups in Michigan say they\u2019re about to achieve something big. This year, if they get enough petition signatures
The former House speaker has not endorsed in 2016. But behind the scenes he has been lobbying GOP insiders hard to Make America
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
When South Dakota's Republican activists convened in Pierre to pick their delegates to the Republican national convention
On November 19, 2014, the door clanged shut behind David Sesson and Bernard Simmons. Sesson put his hands through the food
The GOP establishment seems to be rallying around Cruz, but it could be too late.
\It was a mixture of ignorance, incompetence and arrogance by many decision makers that created the toxic and tragic situation.\
\We cannot ignore the lessons of history.\
\If Donald Trump carries the banner of my party, I think it taints conservatism for generations to come.\u201d
The state has thousands of untested kits and leads the nation in new HIV infections.
Rob Portman made sure it was able to bid for another helmet contract.
For one thing, it doesn't offer a \birth control only\ plan.
Rep. Chris Collins says the GOP front-runner has \been misquoted.\
This is a Messi situation!
The American Enterprise Institute forum brought together a bunch of really rich, really powerful people.
\I finally find somebody I want to vote for, and they deny me.\
\Obama, Obama, so nice you came to Havana!\
The nod from the International Longshoremen and Warehouse Union comes just before caucuses in Alaska, Hawaii and Washington.
The women's movement and now the LGBT movement have run up against restroom fears.
He stressed he'll fight for the Democratic nomination \until the last vote is cast.\
\Regardless of your political persuasion I would love to hear one of you ... tell me how the system is functioning.\
It's known as the silica rule, and it's a big frigging deal.
\Nobody is safe from it,\ says South Africa's health minister.
Erik Prince,\u00a0founder of the now-defunct mercenary firm Blackwater and current chairman of Frontier Services Group, is under
The indictment described the suspects as \experienced computer hackers\ believed to have been working on behalf of the Iranian government.
The state's caucus format and Mormon electorate helped him build a path to victory.
The former Florida governor dropped out of the race last month.
His polling numbers rose after the Paris and San Bernardino attacks, but so did Ted Cruz\u2019s.
\u201cTo imply that if somebody is a Muslim they\u2019re a terrorist, that is an outrageous statement.\u201d
Our intrepid contenders are trying to win enough delegates to clinch a nomination at their party conventions in July. Here\u2019s
New Hampshire Republican Jim Rubens said policies Clinton put in place as secretary of state are \a direct cause.\
Though polls closed at 7 p.m., the last vote didn't come in until after midnight.
Clinton also won Arizona's 2008 Democratic primary.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
But they're still going to need a lot more of those.
Federal law doesn't currently require lead testing in most U.S. schools.
The price of heroin's overdose antidote has increased dramatically in the last two years.
He won't use Donald Trump's name. But everyone knows who he's talking about.
Even if John Kasich drops out, the forecast doesn't look good for Cruz.
He collects 58 delegates in the winner-take-all contest.
Republican voters may not love their candidates, but they're not pining for an alternative.
The state could take a major financial hit if the governor signs the so-called religious liberty bill.
Elite meritocracy fails working people.
Trump refuses to acknowledge that many of the stubborn problems plaguing cities are rooted in racism.
The justices asked hard questions in the sequel to 2014's Hobby Lobby case.
There have been at least 58 arrests and citations connected to Trump events since Feb. 29.
Someone is gardening, better call the police!
WASHINGTON \u2014 When Donald J. Trump finally began to reveal the names of his foreign policy advisers during a swing through
He has said, \The road to the White House heads through the West.\
His path to the nomination remains very, very narrow.
Under a new Labor Department rule, companies will have to disclose more of their dealings with union-avoidance consultants.
Hillary Clinton is also looking to extend her lead over Bernie Sanders.
WASHINGTON, D.C.\u2014All three of the remaining presidential candidates got the prime speaking slots Monday night at the annual
In the GOP races, Donald Trump leads in Arizona, but Ted Cruz is expected to take Utah.
Trump's popularity has risen with his anti-Muslim rhetoric, but polls favor Clinton in a crisis.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
James Hansen and 18 leading climate experts have published a peer-reviewed version of their 2015 discussion paper on the
Opponents of the Tennessee bill said it was unnecessary.
Practical solutions to immigration are a tough sell in places like Arizona.
The Ohio governor said there was \zero chance\ of joining Trump's ticket.
As Donald Trump observed during a visit to The Post on Monday, we have been critical of his candidacy, so give him credit
But the group was silent on Trump's proposed ban on Muslims.
Both were on the president's short list for the Supreme Court. Garland ultimately got the nod.
The former president was speaking on behalf of his wife, Hillary Clinton, at a campaign event.
He told CNN people at his events are \very angry\ and tired of being misled by politicians.
The case is one of many the court heard while Justice Antonin Scalia was still on the bench.
\u201cI would close up our borders to people until we figure out what\u2019s going on,\u201d Donald Trump said.
But overall, things aren't looking bright for disadvantaged kids.
\I think what the president should do, is he should not come home in a panic, but I think he should curtail the trip in Cuba.\
Trump opposes D.C. statehood, but says \representation would be okay.\
Thanks to social media and nonstop cable news coverage.
The ruling offered a small taste of what an understaffed court is like.
It's a key economic issue, but good luck hearing about it at a debate.
Arrests, citations and reports of assault at rallies continue to stack up.
As Donald Trump faces questions about his campaign manager\u2019s physical altercation with a protester over the weekend, BuzzFeed
People's views don't have much to do with the nominee himself.
Jacob Walker\u2019s students grew up seeing the Confederate flag everywhere \u2014 on T-shirts, on keychains, and on cars. He teaches
Democrats already have reasonable odds of flipping a dozen or so House seats.
Protracted combat with Hillary Clinton threatens to do real damage in a general election against Donald Trump, senators warn
The Federal District Court for Florida\u2019s Northern District ruled Monday that the prison gerrymandering in Florida\u2019s Jefferson
As Donald Trump faces questions about his campaign manager\u2019s physical altercation with a protester over the weekend, BuzzFeed
He's not the presumptive nominee just because he has \the most.\
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton and her allies have begun preparing a playbook to defeat Donald Trump in a general
\It was the worst part of being in the political campaign.\
Donald Trump, the Republican front-runner for the presidential nomination, met with The Washington Post\u2019s editorial board
It was the second month in a row in which Sanders out-raised Clinton.
But Justices Samuel Alito and Clarence Thomas would've gone further.
$10.5 million from small donors in February is a big improvement, even if it is still way less than Bernie Sanders' haul.
The party could be especially weak if Donald Trump wins the nomination.
\The way I see it, it's our job to make sure he ends this campaign every bit the loser he started it.\
Sen. Ron Johnson blamed the media for pressuring Republicans to allow confirmation hearings.
\Our history, our faith and our values teach us that we cannot sit idly by when others are singled out for derision and when intolerance is fed.\
The U.S. military has stepped up investigations of high-ranking officers for sexual assault, records show, curtailing its
The campaign had shifted blame to unidentified man, without identifying him as member of its security team.
Donald Trump will host a group of nearly two dozen top Republicans on Monday afternoon for an off-the-record gathering that
In recent months, she has been in a tight money battle with Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.).
A super PAC supporting the senator reported $25 million in contributions last month.
Trump's top aide is accused of another physical altercation.
The Republican Party is having a hard time uniting behind Donald Trump.
Republican insiders have floated the idea of a third-party conservative.
They're gonna be sooo mad.
Trump's campaign manager also appeared to rough up a protester on video.
President Barack Obama's nominee, Merrick Garland, may be on hold for a while.
The three-day trip is the first by a U.S. president to Cuba in 88 years.
Trump arrives in D.C. for what is sure to be a contentious day in the city he wants to win over -- or sack.
The president is due to arrive in Cuba on Sunday.

A book worth revisiting in light of the Trump phenomenon is Sinclair Lewis's It Can't Happen Here, published in 1935.  It demonstrates the fragility of our nation's democracy by having a folksy New Englander gain the White House with vague blandishments, and then usher in a dictatorial regime of suppression, terror and totalitarianism to save the nation from welfare cheats, promiscuity, crime and a liberal press.
Trump's aim is not to get any substantial support from blacks, since that's an impossibility, but to sow seeds of doubt, confusion and even a little hostility toward Clinton among just enough blacks to keep them from the polls in the must-win, battleground states.
I am not asking anyone to stop supporting Bernie or to give up on him. Please continue supporting him, because it helps to pressure the Democratic party to move to the left. If you want to hold out hope throughout the primary, that is totally understandable. My only wish is that you stop demonizing Secretary Clinton.
For those participating or condoning what these protestors did in AZ, I say you are playing right into the Donald's hands.  This is the stuff he craves, and makes you look like crazy radicals.  I like the idea of poking Trump, but trying to restrict free speech, even if it's despicable, is not the way to go about it.
Donald Trump's surprisingly successful presidential campaign accompanied by violence at campaign rallies and a general disregard for democratic norms are only the latest manifestation of this declining confidence. Trump would be impossible at a time or a place where democratic commitments were more robust and where the temptations of yielding to a strong leader who operates outside of the normal rules of the game were less pronounced.
Republican leaders adamantly opposed to Donald J. Trump\u2019s candidacy are preparing a 100-day campaign to deny him the presidential
And just about as many say he encourages violence at his rallies.
While Marco Rubio was flailing in Florida, Ted Cruz\u2019s team was lying in wait, preparing to move state by state, donor by
The nominating contests involving the highest proportion of Asian American voters are still to come.
Ohio governor and Republican presidential candidate John Kasich gently criticized Senate Republicans' approach to President
In the end, he had to self-finance his bid.
Over the course of 12 debates, the Republican presidential candidates were never asked to address the budget problems in
Arpaio has endorsed Trump's presidential campaign and will provide security. What could go wrong?
Judge Jane Kelly is still available, should the next president be listening.
Are you even surprised?
Some of the protesters chained themselves to their cars so they couldn't be towed away.
For a man who's made a habit of mocking protesters, the omission was as unexpected as the roadblock itself.
But the Republican front-runner says he just can't help himself.
For one thing, it's an opportunity to sell cheese.
This is the second U.S. combat death in the war against ISIS.
The U.S. company in charge of data collection threatened to sue if researchers disclosed their findings.
While it is clear where Ms. Clinton needs to focus, the question of what Bernie Sanders should do now is more vexing.
Serious people are now using the \f word\ - fascist - to describe the Donald Trump phenomenon.
Unlike black American tourists, President Obama will be entering Cuba as a head of state. Hopefully, rather than using Cuba as photo opportunity or chance to impose U.S. politics on the island, President Obama will see what Afro-Cubans know all-too well
Release of a social security number and personal cell phone number highlight group\u2019s escalating campaign against GOP frontrunner
Whatever else you might say about him, Donald Trump is one of the great branders of our age. And what he\u2019s accomplished over
House Speaker Paul Ryan met Thursday night at a pricey French restaurant here with some of the Party\u2019s biggest donors to
WASHINGTON (WUSA9) -- Judge Merrick Garland\u2019s nomination to the Supreme Court holds a special significance for a Northeast
Democrats began laying out an aggressive strategy Thursday to get Judge Merrick Garland considered by the Senate and seated
But with more than seven months to go and no nominees yet, a lot could change.
Donald Trump is an affront to basic standards of honesty, virtue and citizenship. He pollutes the atmosphere in which our
Monsanto may have stopped developing Polychlorinated Biphenyls \u2014 typically known as PCBs \u2014 nearly four decades ago, but on
By winning his home state of Ohio and all its 66 delegates earlier this week, John Kasich helped keep hope alive for the
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
NFL signals it's no fan of discriminatory laws when it picks game sites.
And even Republicans are getting worried.
The two had an encounter at Arpaio's \Tent City\ jail this week.
The Supreme Court has left a major hole in the Voting Rights Act, but attorneys and law students are hoping to fill it.
In his view, the judge is not progressive enough.
It's a weird way to thank the people who kept calling him \the real winner\ of stuff he lost.
Or at least this one rule that's supposed to protect drinking water.
He says it's the best hope for stopping Trump.
That's not what Republican leaders want to do.
Conservative activists call for a unity ticket against the front-runner.
Senate Democrats take on activist hedge funds and their \wolf packs.\
A fellow politician reflects on Ford's political career, which has always defied critics and expectations.
In 1976, the last time there was a contested GOP convention, Gerald Ford and Ronald Reagan gave these folks constant attention.
Empowering Afghan women is a great cause, but Bush could be harming it.
A top drug official says he's open to a \harm reduction\ approach to illicit drug use, but wants to find a new term for it.
Videographer Mary Moore is among more than two dozen news professionals arrested covering protests since the police killing of teenager Michael Brown.
Maybe. But probably not.
The House lawmakers say the current law helped trigger the city's catastrophe.
The front-runner's implicit call for convention riots was too much.
Get Carol Roszka talking about why she does not want Hillary Clinton in the White House, and it is hard to get her to stop
The legislation would expand access to evidence-based treatment for opioid addicts.
(Reuters) - Five North Carolina Sheriff's deputies have been disciplined over their behavior at a rally for Republican U.S
\He needs to go to jail, but only after he cleans this mess up and Flint is fixed.\
As Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton begin to tighten their grips on their respective party nominations, President Obama
He seems to be holding out hope that Trump won't be the nominee.
Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) said Thursday there\u2019s no chance he\u2019ll emerge as the GOP presidential nominee if no candidate captures
And most of them aren't very concerned about another Flint water crisis.
Half of Republicans don\u2019t want Trump as their presidential nominee, but they don\u2019t necessarily want to stop him either.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
This is up from the 40 percent who felt that way in October.
More than 300 businesses, including Delta Airlines and Coca Cola, signed a pledge decrying the Georgia legislation.
While the genocide finding may make it easier for the U.S. to argue for greater action against the group, it does not create a legal obligation to do more.
\When you\u2019ve poisoned the water, or allow the water to be poisoned, that\u2019s against the law.\
The measure would help other cities with poisoned water supplies, too.
Trump's claim to injury-free campaign events isn't true -- not by a long shot.
Angus King wonders if the GOP worries it will be \hypnotized\ into putting Merrick Garland on the Supreme Court.
They say it's about the Constitution, not immigration.
Because she is the \Darth Vader of the financial services world.\
The Senate vote was the first time it has issued contempt charges since 1995.
The minority leader adds that if Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan don't denounce Trump, \they should both put on 'Make America Great Again' hats.\
The Michigan governor admits he blew it, but warns others could blow it without new regulations.
It is not \fair-minded\ to prevent Obama from filling a Supreme Court vacancy, says a former GOP state official.
Robert has called his relationship with the woman \a bad lapse in judgment.\
Republican front-runner Donald Trump said he would not be attending.
\If we spend another four months tearing each other apart, we will damage our ability to win in November.\
\Great on paper, but didn't have the skills to play the game on this level.\
How about you stop doing this.
The message is at odds with how the candidate has run his campaign.
A floor fight in Cleveland just got a lot more likely.
Strickland will attempt to unseat incumbent Sen. Rob Portman (R-Ohio).
He walked away with all the state's delegates.
The state's Democrats will send 182 delegates to the party's convention this summer.
Billionaire real estate mogul Donald Trump won the Republican presidential primary in North Carolina on Tuesday. Heading
Rubio hadn't amassed enough delegates to substantially affect the race.
It was a razor-thin race that took two days to call.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
They want to increase penalties on employers who rip off their workers.
There's no consensus option left.
GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump triumphed in the Illinois primary on Tuesday.\u00a0 Trump, who is well on his way to
Haley previously backed Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), who exited the GOP presidential race on Tuesday.
Bernie Sanders has struggled to match her popularity among black voters.
Democrats should not underestimate Donald Trump, David Plouffe warned Tuesday night.
Will all the GOP senators who lose their reelection bids sit it out?
We don't need to be a punch line.
\They\u2019re gonna start some s**t.\
Another key state in the bag.
Former House Speaker John Boehner Wednesday endorsed current House Speaker Paul Ryan to be the Republican presidential nominee
Stopping Trump is more doable after his loss in Ohio, but he still has a path to the nomination.
The U.S. Marine Corps has announced a plan to fly more than 1,100 endangered desert tortoises away from their habitat in
The measure would have blocked state laws on genetically engineered food in favor of a voluntary system.
Once again, the party's obsession with Obamacare comes back to haunt it.
Maybe the Florida senator should have spent more time contending with Trump, less time celebrating losses with the media.
But the GOP is not hearing them.
What would happen if you took everyone who is addicted to heroin in New Jersey and sent them to live in one place?
It's the Senate confirmation fight nobody's talking about.
Sanders has an uphill climb to amass enough delegates to overtake Clinton.
Obama's Supreme Court nominee has not weighed in on Roe v. Wade.
It seems being in a tight re-election campaign makes you react more reasonably.
One lawmaker claimed the president is \vindictive\ and might send Syrian refugees to states as punishment.
And that's why everyone is terrified.
The decision could be announced as early as Wednesday.
Critics demand an outside inquiry into Orange County officials.
Democrats still have a turnout problem.
The influential group of conservative lawmakers made the former House Speaker's life miserable in Congress.
\I wouldn\u2019t lead it, but I think bad things would happen.\
He's refusing to answer any and all questions about Donald Trump.
Three influential leaders in the conservative movement have summoned other top conservatives for a closed-door meeting this
The agreement between DOJ and the St. Louis suburb requires an overhaul of their law enforcement agency and municipal court system.
Televangelist also claims the Democratic candidate doesn't believe in God.
Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders led the Military Times survey.
The Freedom Caucus rejection means the GOP budget is officially in trouble.
Our intrepid contenders are trying to win enough delegates to clinch a nomination at their party conventions in June.
The Obama administration is expected to withdraw its plan to permit oil and gas drilling off the southeast Atlantic coast
Citizens of the U.S. territory cannot vote in the general election in November.
Islamophobia is real.\u00a0And\u00a0it's not going anywhere.
\We're only looking at four years.\
Of all the ways Donald Trump has shocked the political system, one of the most significant is how he wins primary after primary
The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee is launching a \Party of Trump\ initiative.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The modern Republican Party is an awkward contraption that harnesses a politics of white ethno-nationalism to a policy agenda
PALM BEACH, Fla. \u2014 Everything seemed to sparkle at the Mar-a-Lago estate here on a recent afternoon.
Bernie Sanders remains a contender for the Democratic nomination, while John Kasich hopes to help force a contested Republican convention.
Donald Trump\u2019s surge to frontrunner status in the Republican presidential race has caused angst and divisions among the donor
This is not the Rubicon you're looking for.
The Villages appears to be one of the happiest places on Earth. So why are its residents all-in for the candidate of rage?
Susan Hedman says \there wasn't time\ for a fuller explanation of her actions before now.
Corey Lewandowski's temperament and inappropriate comments drew ire at his previous job, too.
The shutdown was prompted by a cable fire early on Monday, officials said.
Five states - Florida, Ohio, Illinois, North Carolina and Missouri - are up for grabs today.
The ballots include \all candidates,\ said Florida Secretary of State Ken Detzner.
No violence occurs.
\No matter who may be triggering\ it, said the Senate majority leader.
An insider's guide to what could be the struggle to win a contested convention.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Between 1995 and 2015, prosecutors turned down 12,703 potential civil rights violations out of 13,233 total complaints.
Tellin' it like it is.
WASHINGTON \u2014 The Justice Department on Monday called on state judges across the country to root out unconstitutional policies
The storms killed several people over the weekend. Two fishermen are also missing.
But it looks like Marco Rubio won\u2019t benefit from his home-state advantage in Florida.
Donald Trump says he is a truthful man. \u201cMaybe truthful to a fault,\u201d he boasted last week at a North Carolina rally where
See which candidates lead the pack for their party\u2019s nomination, look up election dates and watch live updates on election
\Donald Trump is a bigger, uglier threat every day that goes by.\
Leaders from both sides of the aisle honored the former first lady.
The 190,000-member Amalgamated Transit Union hops aboard the Bernie bus.
\I don't accept responsibility. I do not condone violence in any shape.\
The man reportedly called them \brown trash\ and told them to \go home.\
Trump is George Wallace on steroids. Cleveland resembles the Chicago of long ago. And the bottom line back then was Richard Nixon.
Incident comes after another supporter was caught on camera making the Nazi salute.
Ron Wyden has promised to use \every procedural tool in the Senate\ to protect encryption security.
\Somebody\u2019s going to get killed before this primary is over, and I hope it\u2019s not me,\ said guess who?
A group of women stopped him to talk about addiction when he was campaigning in Ohio.
Wise beyond their years, or just basically decent human beings?
Their spat highlights fundamental differences in what kind of president each would be.
Clinton supports a federal death penalty for terrorism, but it's almost never used that way.
Well, it's complicated.
Chicago's mayor, who is backing Clinton, has a job approval rating of 27 percent.
He hopes to lead them, but his hardline views on Cuba are out of step.
Yesterday, at Nancy Reagan\u2019s funeral, I said something inaccurate when speaking about the Reagans\u2019 record on HIV and AIDS
Republicans in Butler County honored former Speaker John Boehner three days before residents across Ohio's 8th District will
Why did Bernie Sanders win a narrow victory in Michigan, when polls showed Hillary Clinton with a huge lead? Nobody really
Ted Cruz won around two-thirds of the votes in Wyoming's Republican nominating contest.
It\u2019s not just anger over jobs and immigration.
The rollout for Robert Greenwald's new documentary, \Making a Killing
Citizens of Guam cannot vote in the general presidential election.
President Obama is finalizing his decision on a Supreme Court nominee to replace the late Antonin Scalia and appears to have
\I think we all need to take a step back and ask whether we're contributing to this,\ Rubio said Saturday about the unrest
\When you look at the video, it looks bad,\ police Chief Darryl Fort\u00e9 told reporters.
But if that exercise is painful, it\u2019s also the correct path to choose. A man so transparently unfit for office should not
\The same people who told us Flint water was safe are telling us that this pipeline is safe.\
\I'm not quite sure where Secretary Clinton got her information.\
\Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!\
Clinton accused Sanders of being absent during her fight for health care reform in the 1990s.
She said criticism from Clinton's camp \has been consistently distorted.\
\u201cThose people come to get punched.\
\He obviously loves his country.\
\u201cAll I know is what\u2019s on the Internet.\u201d
Most opinion polls show voters are split.
West Chester, Ohio (CNN) Donald Trump is training his sights on Ohio Gov. John Kasich ahead of Tuesday\u2019s winner-take-all
\If you're gonna bastardize history, at least know the history you're bastardizing.\
\I'm a unifier,\ said Donald Trump, the odds-on favorite to be the Republican Party's nominee. Commonly referred to as a divider, a bully, bombastic, someone who embraces scaremongering, is erratic, thin-skinned and a ticking-time bomb, I'm not sure it's conceivable that a statement from \The Donald\ could be further from the truth.
This week the GOP debate circus pulled into Miami, ahead of Tuesday's Florida primary. It might have been more civil in tone, but it was actually much more frightening than the brawls of previous debates. Gone was the extreme rudeness, but as a result the extreme policies were harder to miss. Asked about torture and targeting civilians, Trump said that while we \have to obey the laws,\ we should simply \expand those laws,\ presumably to legalize what's currently illegal. When asked if all 1.6 billion Muslims hate us, he calmly replied, \a lot of them\ do. Meanwhile, Rubio's answer to climate change was that we can't \change a law in Washington to change the weather!\ And all suggested that we need to once again send ground troops to the Mideast (what could possibly go wrong?). Finally, when asked about increasing violence at his rallies, Trump blamed it on his supporters' anger about trade deals. And just days later, his canceled rally in Chicago nearly turned into a full-scale riot. Making America great again, indeed. Some have compared this to a reality show. If only that were true. This is reality, and we're all losing.

Donald J. Trump arrived at the White House Correspondents\u2019 Association Dinner in April 2011, reveling in the moment as he
And Ted Cruz picks up a delegate in Guam.
Latest results from GOP caucuses in Washington D.C. and Wyoming.
The Vermont senator denied that he had organized a massive protest at the canceled Chicago rally.
She is terrible at negative campaigning.
The senator wavered as he said he still intends to support the GOP's presidential nominee \at this moment.\
Her remarks on the late first lady's legacy on HIV and AIDS can't be forgotten.
Breitbart senior editor-at-large Joel Pollak ordered staffers in an internal chatroom to stop defending Michelle Fields, the
It's all about the Federal Reserve.
The photo, taken outside the arena where Donald J. Trump\u2019s appearance had just been canceled on Friday in Chicago, circulated
\I was ready for 'em, but it's much easier if the cops do it, don't we agree?\
\Beat 'em up!\ someone shouts at people protesting Sen. Orrin Hatch.
The former presidential candidate ramps up his defense of the Republican front-runner.
The clashes follow a slew of recent incidents of violence at Trump rallies, in which protesters and journalists have been punched, tackled and hustled out of venues.
Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) said Saturday that \There's no doubt\ President Obama has helped stoke the caustic rhetoric and
\How can you be shocked?\
Chaos broke out after the event was called off.
Critics argue the secretary of state's efforts paved the way for the violence still plaguing Honduras.
We cannot afford to elect a President with a history bad judgement, inconsistent positions, and who has used public service as a vehicle for private gain. In other words, we cannot afford the status-quo.
It is no longer sufficient for Mr. Sanders to \insinuate\ corruption. He has to prove it. Until he does, he will fail to deliver the knockout blow his supporters crave and he desperately needs if he is to overcome Mrs. Clinton's fundamentally corrupt advantage with Democratic superdelegates.


The unison among Iran's reformists, hardliners, principalists, moderates, and independent politicians will continue to last due to the above factors and their shared convergence of interests in keeping Assad in power.
Republican voters face a bad choice. The Donald's shortcomings are manifest. Marco Rubio may be young, well-spoken, and attractive. But his foreign policy judgment is awful. If you want more foolish, costly, and unnecessary wars, vote for Rubio.
And Trump keeps on blaming the protesters.
But those who support repealing capital punishment hope their momentum can continue.
\Stand your ground\ laws and the like tend to raise the number of gun deaths, the study found.
The running commentary from one of the stewards of the Obama legacy gets deep under the campaign's skin.
The bill would ban abortions sought because of fetal gender, race or \u201cany disability.\u201d
He warns the businessman's views would make it impossible to effectively manage U.S. national security.
An appeals court will decide whether the law gets to stay on the books for the presidential election.
It's the last debate before the Florida and Ohio primaries.
\They are paying the price for their own extremism.\
The candidates' factual stumbles touched on ISIS, ethanol, climate change and more.
There are no consequences for protesters anymore in the United States, Donald Trump said Friday during a raucous rally in
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Not many in government seem committed to the idea.
Lawmakers this legislative session had two fundamental responsibilities
It's all part of a strategy to keep Donald Trump from winning the nomination.
Out of time and bereft of ideas, the Florida senator takes a dignified bow at a low-energy debate.
The current retirement age for full Social Security benefits is 67 for people born in 1960 and after.
\There is some anger. There is also some great love for the country.\
Decision comes just days before the state's primary contest, but the secretary of state says he will appeal it.
The service brought together Republicans and Democrats alike.
They lack the courage to criticize him -- even for encouraging assault.
Polls indicate his saying \u201cIslam hates us\u201d won\u2019t cost him many votes.
\We look forward to him approaching us, shaking our hands, and thanking us for exercising our rights ... in the way he is tasked with supporting,\ the group said.
A party moving backward.
CNN debate moderators didn't raise the issue, so Trump went on offense.
\Where else could a boy born in Calgary grow up to run for president of the United States?\
Donald Trump is leading the race to the bottom with a whopping -39 net favorability rating.
\u00af\\_(\u30c4)_/\u00af
It's an option for patients with no more than six months to live.
\And that's what we need a little bit more of.\
The San Francisco Public Utilities Commission provides water to 2.6 million customers. We talked to the director of water
He has a gender-equal Cabinet.
\[W]e found that indeed, perhaps Canadians had grown cynical over politics, but they'd also grown very tired of having to be cynical about politics.\
Clinton and Sanders face off in Miami.
Is it blue or brown????
Powerful.
The two countries are seeking to improve cooperation on energy after Obama rejected the Keystone XL pipeline project last year.
The prospect of an epic November collision between their parents has complicated their relationship.
Conservative favorite Ben Carson, who recently suspended his campaign for the Republican presidential nomination, plans to
... Can it?
Even though a law almost exactly like it is still being reviewed in the Supreme Court,\u00a0the state of Florida just passed a
Top GOP funders are divided between helping Trump beat Clinton and redirecting their spending down ballot.
Think outside groups aren't forces of destruction? Just ask the former speaker.
Nancy Reagan will be laid to rest this week after passing away at the age of 94 on Sunday.
Don't cash in just yet.
He would have been the most radical nominee in GOP history.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Throughout his campaign, Trump has loudly opposed the practice of U.S. companies using foreign workers instead of Americans
Idaho is poised to become the latest in a string of states to pass minimum wage \pre-emption\ laws.
Violence appears to be a recurring theme at the Republican presidential front-runner's events.
Advocates got a major weapon in their fight against deportations in the next administration (unless it's Trump).
\u201cYou\u2019re not going to stop it by being nice. You gotta stop it by being one tough son of a bitch.\
\I don't think that I was the one to prompt questions about my birth certificate.\
The president's ratings have risen among Democrats and independents as the race to elect his successor heats up.
After he mentioned the ongoing jailhouse informant scandal, the DA's investigator \lost it\ and started \punching his lights out,\ his attorney says.
Democrats are not happy.
If you're a Republican who can't stand to vote for Donald Trump, Gary Johnson might be your guy.
Many of the attendees said they didn't like to be described as white \nationalists.\ OK, then.
While the battle for his replacement wages on, the president\u2019s approval rating is finally positive again.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The Texas senator bolsters his case that he's the alternative to Donald Trump.
President Obama has begun interviewing candidates for the Supreme Court vacancy created by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia
The former president campaigned on his wife's behalf.
The Magnolia State is the latest in a string of Trump victories in Dixie.
He didn't win any delegates Tuesday night.
When Democrats aren't feeling the Bern, they aren't showing up.
Political commentators and media outlets were quick to pounce on a \u201cfascinating\u201d statistic from Bernie Sanders\u2019 victory in
If a surprise loss to Bernie Sanders in Michigan wasn\u2019t embarrassing enough, Hillary Clinton woke up Wednesday to a bigger
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump still lead their parties in delegates, but Clinton\u2019s loss in Michigan is a setback.
'Ted is the only possibility to stop Trump,' says a Bush loyalist.
On Tuesday, I wrote with my colleague Jonathan Martin that \u201cMr. Sanders needs a surprise win [in Michigan] to show he still
The former Secretary of State did some serious campaigning in the beleaguered city.
David Duke crosses the line, but this Florida pastor apparently doesn't.
Brian Schatz pointed out that the candidate hasn't spoken out against the imprisonment of Japanese-Americans during World War II.
Maybe he wants to be nice. Or maybe he wants to avoid a convention fight.
A fellow senator wants to use the Flint aid legislation to expand offshore drilling, and Bill Nelson isn't having it.
Marco Rubio's presidential campaign and those close to the Florida senator are engaged in deep conversations about the future
The vote comes at a critical time between Super Tuesday and major primaries in Ohio and Florida on March 15.
Critics called the proposals a \kick in the teeth\ to those who suffered from lead-tainted water.
He compared himself to Abe Lincoln in a press conference after winning the Michigan and Mississippi primaries.
Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) said he felt \sheer anger\ about the judge's comments.
The Aloha State is one of the bluest states in the country.
Industry groups are behind an aggressive push to make it harder to know if your food contains GMOs.
A last-minute surge by Kasich kept it close.
A swing and a Mich for pollsters, who said Hillary Clinton would easily win the state.
Why not take a 'slap' at Trump's favorite legal tactic?
Expect lots of talk targeting Latino voters.
It's the trade deals, stupid.
\I'm not sure that I know that Trump has commitment to anything that I can be certain of.\
The reason? Obama is a \lame duck president with a stale mandate.\
Trump is winning winning winning and Rubio is losing losing losing.
John King Jr.'s nomination only has to go through one more vote.
A new ad targets Sen. Kelly Ayotte for agreeing with Trump about the Supreme Court vacancy.
They've cost taxpayers millions, and people have collectively and needlessly spent hundreds of years behind bars.
Instead, America got to watch Trump promote his line of steaks.
But Republicans passed it anyway.
Sen. John Cornyn stopped a Democratic effort to confirm a GOP-backed judge. What?
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
According to new research from the Center for American Progress Action Fund, more than six in ten Americans are represented
The progressive movement faces its biggest test.
Local leaders are coming out against their states' governors over deportation relief.
CONCORD, N.C. \u2014 Donald Trump\u2019s rally here began with the candidate asking all attendees to raise their hands and take an
On Tuesday, Donald Trump will discover whether his weekend struggles were a speed bump \u2014 or the first signs of larger troubles
Who will come out on top?
Chuck Schumer blamed it on The New York Times.
What is he waiting for?
Mitch McConnell doesn't care what House conservatives want.
Without the Reagan-era war on drugs, would there even be \Trap Queens\ to rap about?
It's Super Duper Tuesday.
She indicated that a nomination would be a distraction from her current role.
Our intrepid contenders are trying to win enough delegates to clinch a nomination at their party conventions in June.
With Donald Trump and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz seemingly positioned to fight it out for the Republican presidential nomination
Maryland\u2019s highest court ruled William Porter can be compelled to testify.
Seven families in Flint, Mich., filed a federal lawsuit seeking damages from the city and state over the lead-contaminated
Donald Trump leads in the Great Lakes State,while Marco Rubio has fallen to the bottom of the pack.
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are vying for the hearts of green voters.
A new poll finds the 2012 nominee relatively unpopular with his own party.
The Democratic caucus began the filibuster at 4 p.m. on Monday and members said they planned to continue until Wednesday.
Prosecutors withheld evidence, violating a Louisiana man's due process rights.
A lot of staring, for one thing.
\Because kids who are sick don\u2019t perform well in school.\
Tech CEOs, the Republican establishment and the Dalai Lama walk into a golf resort.
Who run the world? Girls.
Will other states follow suit?
The governor\u2019s endorsement has exposed divisions among both his allies and his critics.
Even Bernie Sanders' campaign noted Fox News was the first to bring up the issue.
Seriously?
Anti-Trump conservatives are looking for a third-party candidate to lead the GOP-in-exile.
\When you watch these Republican debates, you know why we need to invest in mental health.\
It's the eighth state that Sanders has won.
Lead is a deadly neurotoxin that can cause permanent brain damage in infants, even at low levels of exposure.
DENVER \u2014 Donald J. Trump\u2019s harsh campaign rhetoric against Mexican immigrants has helped him win a substantial delegate lead
It's Clinton vs. Sanders again.
A new poll shows they see the GOP as more divided than ever.
One of Ted Cruz\u2019s super PACs says its aiming to take out Marco Rubio in his home state of Florida.
Guess what that issue is...
Republicans hoping to halt Donald J. Trump\u2019s march to their party\u2019s presidential nomination emerged from the weekend\u2019s voting
Gun owners in West Virginia will no longer need to get a permit to have a concealed weapon, putting it among the most far
'It's too little, too late,' says a Republican official.
It was a lot more substantial than the Republican debates, which are more like comedy shows.
You can't talk about Detroit's decline without addressing discrimination and white flight.
Donald Trump and Ted Cruz split the states that voted over the weekend.
(CNN)\u00a0Former Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott says he would have taken up President Obama's nomination to fill the seat
For a guy who bases his self-worth on his net worth, Donald Trump may be on the verge of the biggest humiliation of his life
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The Vermont democratic socialist has made an admirer out of the conservative firebrand.
\As the (Trump) rhetoric has continued, and in some cases amped up, so, too, have concerns by certain leaders around the world,\ said one of the officials.
It's a break from the current strategy of the Senate GOP.
He calls out two men by name and says he's \looking for\ a woman, all of whom have said they were scammed by his program.
The burden of ridding the Trump movement of open white supremacy falls on you.
\Being Jewish is so much of what I am.\
Just call the former speaker Miles Davis.
The two candidates repeated claims we\u2019ve checked before on guns, childhood poverty and unemployment.
Neither Clinton nor Bernie Sanders was aggressive on lead pipe removal.
Mike Lee says Democrats are just grandstanding.
It was Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders' seventh debate.
Flint debate is sharp, cantankerous and deeply substantive.
He live-tweeted the debate.
Rebecca Bradley said she is embarrassed by her old columns but \they have nothing to do\ with her current work.
Urine trouble if you don't follow the rules.
\Abraham Lincoln, the father of the Republican Party, appealed to our 'better angels.' Trump appeals to our worst impulses.\
She joins Sen. Bernie Sanders in pushing for the resignation.
The first lady once promoted the notorious Straight Inc. drug rehab centers.
One lawmaker said the bill may actually speed the death penalty's decline in the long run.
Residents of the Michigan city want action on the high-profile water crisis from the Democratic candidates.
The unstoppable Donald Trump gets stopped in Maine and Kansas.
Trump was heavily favored to win.
It's his second primary or caucus win.
The state played to the Vermont senator's strengths.
\We don't want our pain to be exploited as a political backdrop. We need more from both of the candidates.\
The Texas senator increasingly looks like Donald Trump's main rival for the nomination.
Unsurprisingly, there's not much overlap between Romney fans and Trump fans.
The 2012 Republican nominee says he wants to vote for a candidate he can be proud of.
The Ohio governor charts out a plan to stop Trump -- and convince kids that politics is cool.
The Texas senator got within 4 percentage points of Trump.
She easily defeated Bernie Sanders.
Is something the matter?
Is there any scarier nightmare than President Donald J. Trump in a tense international crisis, indignant and impatient, with
Ash Carter told reporters that the reserve force's cyber squadrons could play a larger role.
The candidates will face off Sunday night in a debate in Michigan, which holds its primary on March 8.
\Do I hit good? Do I hit it long? Is Trump strong?\
\Some believe that without Nancy Reagan, there would be no Ronald Reagan,\ Sen. Lindsey Graham said.
Not that it would be an excuse.
The Texas senator needs to broaden his appeal to more moderate Republicans.
Nearly three decades ago, Howard Kaminsky, of Random House, called on the real-estate developer and self-marketing master
\Donald Trump is a dangerous man with the things that he has been saying.\
Lawrence O'Donnell isn't seeing the \joy\ in Donald Trump's campaign.
An appeals court wiped out an earlier ruling that was seen as a boost to gun rights advocates.
No-contact orders are involved in almost every college assault case -- but are often shockingly ineffective.
Cruz won despite Gov. Paul LePage's endorsement of Trump.
Reagan was a strong advocate of using stem cell research to learn about Alzheimer's.
In December, the former president announced that he was cancer-free.
This week, if you thought the floor had been reached in the level of debate on the Republican side, you'd be mistaken. An extraordinary Thursday began with Mitt Romney proclaiming \Donald Trump is a phony, a fraud\ - though he stopped short of joining the growing #NeverTrump movement among Republicans. Hours later, the Republican debate turned into a literal penis-measuring contest, as opposed to the metaphorical ones of previous debates. \I guarantee you there is no problem,\ said Trump. Perhaps if we allowed them to actually bring out tape measures they wouldn't have to establish their macho credentials through posturing promises of carpet bombing, deportation and torture. But the most extraordinary moment came at the end. After attacking Trump as a fraud and a danger to the country, when asked if they'd support him as nominee all three of the other candidates said, in effect, Yeah, sure, no problem. So much for putting country ahead of party, but apparently one's sense of responsibility is unrelated to hand size.

The removal of a Bible (King James Version of the New Testament?) from a POW/MIA \Missing Man\ memorial table set up at an Ohio Veterans Administration (VA) clinic, on the face of it, seems a trivial act at best and an abridgement of Christian rights at worst.
Cruz's CPAC victory comes as he urges other candidates to unite behind him against Trump.
Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine and Nebraska are holding presidential nominating races on Saturday.
\u201cThe guy can\u2019t even spell the name of our town.\u201d
Latest results from the Democratic and Republican caucuses in Kansas on March 5.
\Our next commander-in-chief cannot be Donald Trump because he thinks the nuclear triad is a rock band from the \u201980\u2019s.\
\u201cThe net of all that was we literally sold almost no steaks,\u201d Levin said. \u201cIf we sold $50,000 of steaks grand total, I\u2019d
Welcome to the end times.
\I realized that I like what he's saying,\ the American Freedom Party chairman said.
They say black voters must cut their Clinton loyalties if they want solutions to systemic racism.
The front-runner is set to extend his lead in contests in several states on Saturday.
Cruz commanded a 25-point margin in the state after winning neighboring Oklahoma on Super Tuesday.
It\u2019s a terrible clich\u00e9
This is scary.
The state commits to doubling renewable energy use by 2040.
It is getting way too scary.
It's not a stretch to say the landscape of American politics has changed, with a direct correlation to the current state of affairs in America. In a post-industrial capitalist society, Americans of all creed and color are experiencing an overall decline in quality of life.
I'm not surprised that none of the candidates have spoken in favor of Snowden, but I just thought that if there was someone who would stand up for him, it would be Bernie Sanders.
This is too important a national race to let slide by without getting engage. Progressives should support P.G. Ohio Democrats must vote for him. We should all contribute what we can. He is the ascendant Obama coalition; let's make sure he ascends right now.
The GOP Establishment is in such a state of apoplectic panic over the rogue candidacy of real estate developer Donald J. Trump that on Thursday they sent out its feckless failed nominee Mitt Romney to verbally assassinate the party's own frontrunner.
It's clear why Marco Rubio hasn't done anything in the US Senate, much less showed up for a vote
What astounds me is not that Trump has \taken over\ the party but that so few recognized that Trumpism was the Republican Party for decades, and he has not taken it over but given voice to its private thoughts and voting record. Politics is a puzzle and the pieces do connect and present a coherent picture.
International Women's Day is coming up on Tuesday, March 8 is International Women's Day and it is time to take a look at where we are.
The Donald, The Klan, and The Party Formerly Known as Lincoln's.
WASHINGTON\u2014Leading GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump said Friday he wouldn\u2019t order the U.S. military to break international
With Donald Trump as the front-runner, a fractured party is barreling toward a clash later this summer.
Rubio goes from \#NeverTrump\ to \never say never Trump,\ dampening talk of a contested convention.
\Let's see what happens in court.\
\I will still be heavily involved.\
Never say never!
But her team argues that she still has the advantage in the long run.
The prominent clergy members said it's more subtle but nonetheless the same.
But what has elevated an increasingly common debate about pensions into a larger controversy about inequality is Mr. Johnson\u2019s
A lot of the false claims had been made before.
They're about equally likely to say they'd back Donald Trump, Marco Rubio or Ted Cruz.
The kids are all right.
If Donald Trump doesn\u2019t get a majority of the delegates by June, it\u2019s not likely that anyone else will either.
Trump didn't have answers. And in the GOP primaries, he may not need them.
So much for calling him a \con man.\
\I would ask my friends and colleagues -- and all those who love the Senate -- to think long and hard before going down this road.\
She and the other women on the Supreme Court were on fire.
If Donald Trump can be offensive and crude, why can't he?
A new policy at the top liberal site signals a pivot to the general election season.
The GOP front-runner said Friday that he'd stick to legal means of fighting terrorism.
People aren't making more money.
Hint
And the crowd went wild.
It's a Megyn Kelly/Donald Trump reunion!
State Rep. Juan Mendez was told this week that his prayer wasn't the right kind of prayer.
A restrictive law threatens to close all but one clinic in the state.
But Republicans don't appear to be hurt.
But he'll do \everything within the normal political bounds\ to defeat Donald Trump.
Voters don't like the move, including in the Judiciary Committee chairman's home state.
Why did you have to go there, Marco Rubio?
Conference attendees aren't exactly upset they won't get to see The Donald in person.
No one has been held accountable for a bungled probe into Navient Corp.
Abraham Lincoln was sworn in as president 155 years ago today.
Exit polls show that majorities in several states would be satisfied with Ted Cruz or Marco Rubio, but not Trump.
The Justice Department has granted immunity to the former State Department staffer who worked on Hillary Rodham Clinton\u2019s
Now that the results from Super Tuesday are in, we can officially pivot to considering Donald Trump as the most likely Republican
\Frankly, I have been ready for seven months to move beyond what happened after that August debate,\ Kelly said.
The Maine governor says it's a problem that Cruz was born in Canada.
\I wonder why we as Republicans want to always eat our own.\
2016, man.\u00a0\u00af\\_(\u30c4)_/\u00af
Sorry, gentlemen.
Mitt Romney has instructed his closest advisers to explore the possibility of stopping Donald Trump at the Republican National
Ouch.
Marco Rubio\u2019s path to the Republican nomination short of a contested convention has narrowed to nearly nothing as his campaign
SALT LAKE CITY \u2014 Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential nominee, plans to deliver a sharp broadside against Donald
The action came about a month after the high court put on hold federal regulations to curb carbon dioxide emissions mainly from coal-fired power plants.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Marco Rubio appears concerned about Trump University's alleged victims, but what about victims of dodgy for-profit colleges?
The FBI will \determine whether an investigation is warranted.\
\We have no plans to get involved in the primary,\ said James Davis, spokesman for Freedom Partners, the Koch brothers\u2019 political umbrella group.
Their political opinions couldn\u2019t have been more different, but they sure had a sweet friendship.
The conversation turned to immigration quite quickly.
The New Jersey governor defended his endorsement during a lengthy press conference.
John Hulsizer's post gives an inside look at the GOP front-runner's campaign operation.
Even though he said he doesn't see a \path forward.\
You don't even have to be in D.C. to obstruct action in the Senate.
\It\u2019s stuff that we hear around here all the time,\ the House minority leader said.
The speaker also issued an implicit threat
What is one to make of the rise of Donald Trump? It is natural to think of comparisons with populist demagogues past and
On Super Tuesday, Trump warned that Ryan would pay \a big price\ if he stood in his way.
Judging from the speeches, you would never guess that Donald Trump is dividing conservatives.
But the 2012 Republican nominee did not make an endorsement.
\We have no plans to get involved in the primary,\ said James Davis, spokesman for Freedom Partners, the Koch brothers\u2019 political umbrella group.
He was counting on the state to deliver him a victory on Super Tuesday.
Republican voters in the commonwealth like the reality TV star.
All three of the top GOP candidates campaigned in the state leading up to the election.
\u201cWe never heard back,\u201d newspaper\u2019s executive editor tells TheWrap
Kasich finishes a close second.
His campaign is under pressure to prove he's a better pick than Ted Cruz to take on Donald Trump.
It could be one of the highest-profile criminal antitrust cases in decades.
Otherwise Hillary Clinton would beat Donald Trump \like a drum.\
Ben Carson, the retired neurosurgeon who briefly led the Republican presidential race before his campaign began an extended
Sixty-seven delegates were up for grabs.
The Clintons' ties to Arkansas remain strong, and she was widely expected to win.
Marco Rubio's endorsements from Tennessee's governor and one of its senators didn't mean much to voters.
He avoided an embarrassing defeat in the Texas GOP primary.
Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric is popular in the Peach State.
Clinton was endorsed by most of the state's political establishment.
It's a major reversal from 2008, when the state embraced Clinton.
The state was considered a must-win for the Vermont senator.
Last week, he tweeted that the Republican National Committee was just a \u201cgay foam party.\u201d
In his role as the donor class's darling, Marco Rubio has enjoyed support from the Republicans' media arm, Fox News. Throughout
Ben Carson was the biggest buzzkill at his own Super Tuesday rally.
The Commonwealth loves Clinton.
WASHINGTON \u2014 The White House is vetting Jane L. Kelly, a career public defender turned federal appellate judge, as a potential
He coasted to victory in the Bay State.
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton emerged victorious in the Texas Democratic primaries on Tuesday, easily\u00a0defeating
Huh?
On Monday, 30 black students attending a Donald Trump rally at Valdosta State University in rural Georgia were forcefully
It's a snub for his controversial rival, Bernie Sanders supporter Alan Grayson.
It's difficult to imagine anyone else winning the nomination now. But screw it, let's try!
Is the GOP presidential hopeful laying groundwork for a flip in the general election?
Rep. Jim McGovern said if Speaker Ryan and \his Republican friends\ make it harder for families to escape poverty, McGovern would fight him.
The candidates attacked each other directly on Super Tuesday.
Chuck Grassley says voters should decide the next high court nominee, then accuses Democrats of playing politics.
Donald Trump and Ted Cruz corralled the outsider vote, while Hillary Clinton won big among minorities.
It was the final race called from the Super Tuesday contests.
The legislators said the bill was \duplicative\ and millions had already been appropriated to deal with the national problem.
The Republican consultant probably should stop making election night calls.
It's the first time a sitting president and first lady have taken part in the event.
At least to the extent that they're forcing Americans to confront ugly truths.
It was a landslide -- as expected.
A Republican operative didn't mince words
Check out the results for yourself.
The candidate of the Republican establishment is in big trouble.
Stuart Stevens called Trump \a dangerous person\ and \someone who would embarrass America.\
Some of the Vermont senator's fans would rather not vote -- or even vote for Donald Trump -- than vote for Hillary.
Are you OK, governor?
Residents only get to vote in primary elections, not the general.
Others are resigned to his victory -- and are planning accordingly.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\I ask you prayerfully consider our coming together.\
Dr. Steven Hotze's case was backed by Sen. Ted Cruz.
More than 600,000 people don't have an acceptable form of ID to vote in the primary.
Super Tuesday is here and the GOP is freaking out about Donald Trump. Find out all you need to know about this and more in
Donald Trump is poised to win almost all of the states voting on Super Tuesday, despite warnings from his rivals and other
John D. Rockefeller's great-granddaughter doesn't want shares in a company that's \really hurting the world.\
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are poised to win big, but there's still a lot of uncertainty.
Honestly, what didn't?
\I've never been more concerned than I am in this election cycle.\
Our intrepid contenders are trying to win enough delegates to clinch a nomination at their party conventions in June.
\Trump is a bully, unworthy of our nomination.\
\It was not sincere,\ wrote one member of white supremacist website Stormfront.
The decision flies in the face of previous rulings.
Because he wants their votes, too.
Clearly, Trump knows a little something about the former KKK leader.
Activists accuse Twitter of interfering with the visibility of their anti-Hillary hashtag.
It's on!
But others don't think this \reality show a**hole\ will be president.
So this is what it's come to.
Payday lenders get a new ally.
No amnesty!
The former al Qaeda leader called for Americans to support the president's endeavors and \save humanity\ in a newly released letter.
Strategists hope attacking Donald Trump on his ego and national security could lead to Republican defections.
A niche group of political scientists may have uncovered what's driving Donald Trump's ascent. What they found has implications
Campaign ads for five-term Senator Richard Shelby have been financed with nearly $1 million in dark money.
Meanwhile, the contest to decide who chooses the next justice is a mess.
Thirteen states vote Tuesday in presidential primaries or caucuses -- the most in 2016.
NASCAR moved an awards ceremony over Trump's comments about Mexicans just six months ago.
It's the second strange occurrence in the courtroom this week.
\We're fed up with his hypocrisy.\
Once again, women need Justice Anthony Kennedy to come through.
High school kids think a photo of the man says it all.
Contemplating the \hell with the lid off\ scenario.
A well-timed negative ad can be brutal on a campaign.
Now that Super Tuesday has finally arrived we\u2019re going to get the answers to some questions.
But the Vermont senator has a slight edge.
Donald Trump, Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz are competing to take the hardest line on immigration.
The Education Department conducted a \sham\ investigation into whether Navient Corp. overcharged active-duty servicemembers, an audit shows.
Super Tuesday is the biggest test yet for the presidential candiates. Here's the bar each will have to clear.
The bill would help shift the country's drug strategy away from punishment.
Trump urges the crowd to take on protesters. Biden calms it down.
Eminent Supreme Court Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes famously described his fellow judges as \u201cnine scorpions in a bottle,\u201d but
At a moment when Republicans had hoped to begin taking on Hillary Clinton \u2014 who is seemingly on her way to wrapping up the
\u201cI mean is he really so stupid that he thinks Southerners aren\u2019t offended by the Ku Klux Klan and David Duke?\
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
They said Bernie Sanders has failed to stand with the Latino community.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton lead in most other states, but with little polling, there could be surprises.
MADISON, Ala. \u2014 The implosion over Donald Trump\u2019s candidacy that Republicans had hoped to avoid arrived so virulently this
The swing state that could decide the 2016 race looks like a race between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton.
The case deals with dues for teachers' unions.
Sources familiar with the recording and transcript \u2014 which have reached near-mythical status at the Times \u2014 tell me that
The Supreme Court no longer has a conservative majority, and that could significantly change the way the 2016 election plays
In praise of dick jokes in this, our hour of chaos.
A rabbi, a priest and a Republican presidential candidate walk into a bar...
Petty insults may be the only way to go after Donald Trump, though.
It is the kind of campaign he said he would never run. But Senator Marco Rubio, seeing his path to the Republican nomination
GOP voters had a more favorable view of Romney, but Trump is outperforming him in national polls.
Only two states have laws against it, and even those are hard to enforce.
He stood up for the Second Amendment in an under-the-radar criminal law case.
But Hillary Clinton won't offer an explanation, and Donald Trump hasn't released his tax returns.
Data refutes the myth that the opioid epidemic is largely a problem among whites.
At the Latino and youth services at Lakewood Church, fans of The Donald are hard to find.
Can Marco Rubio have it LOL?
Donald Trump won another major endorsement Sunday, surprising the political world when he walked onto the stage for a rally
\We haven't provided them all the information.\
Pressure is mounting on Donald Trump to do the same.
Just two days left until the big day.
Abortion advocates contend the law was intended to shut clinics and make it harder to obtain abortions
A few weeks after Senator Marco Rubio joined a bipartisan push for an immigration overhaul in 2013, he arrived alongside
Republicans are begging him to not wait so long.
Awww, poor Trump.
Ouch.
Her opponent, Bernie Sanders, had struggled to pick up enough support among black voters in the primary.
Clinton made it clear on Saturday she was already thinking about taking on the real estate mogul.
\Number one, he doesn't have any experience, at all.\
This campaign, man.
Is it too little, too late?
Is Donald Trump a fascist? Experts, historians, and pundits have debated the question for months. One thing has been certain
Points for honesty.
It's all about getting Hillary Clinton into the White House.
Democratic voters say they're ready to support either Clinton or Sanders.
He's been evasive on policy details but clear about the authoritarian approach he'd bring to the White House.
Low turnout equals President Trump.
The man claimed that Beau Biden died from cell phone radiation.
Good news for the presidential hopeful.
As a presidential candidate, Christie disagreed with nearly every one of Trump's proposals.
Trump distanced himself from Duke in 2000, but wouldn't do so Sunday.
Before Obama was president of the United States, he was the president... of milkshakes.
The rise of Trump and Cruz is the result of political miscalculation -- the failure of the Republican party to think long term about the implications of a strategy and its possible unintended consequences.
The renewed debate over the merits of single-payer health reform has been marred by misleading claims that such reform is unnecessary and unaffordable. We write to set the record straight. Despite the advances of the Affordable Care Act, the health care financing system continues to inflict needless suffering on our patients. Nearly 30 million Americans remain uninsured.
The much-vaunted \re balancing\ of U.S. forces to Asia has been limited by the conflict in the Middle East and the resurgence of Russia. Deploying more naval and air assets to the region would, in any case, have limited effect.
I end my political career with heartfelt thanks towards every single person who has provided me with opportunities to learn and be of service, as well as to so many of my colleagues on both sides of the political aisle for your support and friendship.
A final word of thanks to Leon, Ellen, Karen and all those who made Dick's life comfortable and took care of him these last years.  Speaking for myself and all those who loved Dick, we owe you an enormous debt, one that we can never, fully repay.


Last week, at an Applebee's in Georgia, I met a married couple. They were older, with grown children. They were friendly and engaging people from Ohio. We talked about beer. We talked about veterans. And then, unfortunately, we talked about politics.
This week the nation had to clean up the collateral-mud-damage from watching Thursday's Republican debate. To call it a circus would be to insult the dignity, decorum and poise of the circus. \This guy's a choke artist, and this guy is a liar,\ said Trump of Rubio and Cruz, who finally took on The Donald. Meanwhile -- irony alert! -- Trump said former Mexican President Vincente Fox \used a filthy, disgusting word\ and \should be ashamed.\ Even worse, the substance matched the atmosphere. After an extended debate on poll numbers, it was hard not to wonder how much better it would be if the candidates cared about meaningful data as much as poll data
In trying to explain Donald Trump and his hostile takeover of the Republican Party, people have trotted out a host of character
The scenario Karl Rove outlined was bleak. Addressing a luncheon of Republican governors and donors in Washington on Feb
His supporters think Hillary Clinton will win, but not because of her merits as a candidate.
Live results for the 2016 South Carolina Democratic Primary.
A Marco Rubio-focused group raises $20 million in the last week, as the candidate zeroes in on Trump.
He reportedly urged other Republicans to write an open letter disavowing the businessman.
Former Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer on Saturday endorsed Donald Trump for president. Trump has made immigration a central issue
Clinton's familiarity with voters and the campaign style are helping her in the state.
More than half of the electorate in this Saturday\u2019s Democratic primary is expected to be black, and the candidates are already
National Nurses United endorsed the presidential candidate last year.
\The babies being born in America today are the luckiest crop in history.\
South Carolina Democrats are making their pick on Saturday.
Don't expect the ones in your community to come out of the ground anytime soon.
Robert Reich's backing isn't a big surprise, but still.
Voters say she's connecting with them on a more personal level than before.
The F-bomb-slinging former president says he's not backing down.
Sanders could prevail in a financial catastrophe -- and that possibility isn't completely far-fetched.
Hillary Clinton doesn\u2019t want to just beat Bernie Sanders in South Carolina\u2019s Saturday primary.
\If he were to order that once in government, the American armed forces would refuse to act.\
It's Todd Akin all over again.
Dow Chemical settled a price-fixing lawsuit because it lost the late justice's vote.
No one's getting anywhere.
The Republican candidates are back and ready to rumble.
\Not the Democratic party.\
\I felt like I had no dignity,\ she said of the experience.
But he totally could release them, if he wanted.
Marco Rubio had an excellent night.
The rapper and activist is supporting Bernie Sanders.
Obama's pick to lead the department can expect to spend the next year justifying its treatment of colleges.
Religious liberty for some, miniature American flags for others.
The court won't release expedited audio of two historic cases it will hear soon.
\How do you criticize someone when you know or suspect that they have a firearm?\
When the plague descended on Thebes, Oedipus sent his brother-in-law to the Delphic oracle to discover the cause.
Rick Snyder announced some relief for Flint residents, who have the highest water rates in America.
Donald Trump is unfit to lead a great political party
The campaign trail has taken Hillary Clinton through coffee shops and bakeries, diners and ice cream parlors, stands at state
Hours after mounting the fiercest assault of his campaign against Donald Trump in Thursday\u2019s debate, Marco Rubio established
What happened?
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Trump, she hardly knew ye.
Progressive activists weren't too pleased at the thought of a moderate GOP governor taking the seat.
At Thursday\u2019s CNN debate Republican frontrunner Donald Trump claimed he did not support the 2011 U.S. intervention in Libya
Greg Abbott has endorsed Cruz, but he couldn't provide evidence that the senator would be able to get 60 votes for a Supreme Court nominee.
The governor's top aides discussed Flint's water quality problems as early as the fall of 2014, the Detroit Free Press and Detroit News reported on Friday.
Someone is finally attacking the Republican presidential frontrunner.
But polling is sparse in several states, and Ted Cruz might get the biggest prize -- Texas.
Today's Republicans reject his style of governing, even though history has been kind to it
The GOP presidential candidate has claimed he can't release his tax returns because he's being audited.
\No one is above the law, not even those who walk in the halls of power.\
Rubio and Cruz bring the hurt to Trump on the debate stage... but is it too little, too late?
It's out to make money.
They get to vote, too.
He said Trump is the GOP's best shot at defeating Hillary Clinton.
\The factual record in this case is troubling,\ a judge said of prosecutors' alleged misuse of a jailhouse informant.
The triumvirate of Donald Trump, Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz could be beaten, but it wouldn\u2019t be easy.
The stakes are high for the Vermont senator to perform well in early March caucus states.
Questions about the Florida senator's finances are coming to the fore again.
Still, that didn't stop Christie from endorsing the GOP frontrunner.
You might not think Donald Trump would be particularly popular among Latinos. After all, he\u2019s made his desire to deport undocumented
He called the Republican front-runner \just generally a loser as a person.\
HOUSTON \u2014 For Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz, this might be their last, best chance.
Donald J. Trump\u2019s Mar-a-Lago Club in Palm Beach describes itself as \u201cone of the most highly regarded private clubs in the
Congress\u2019 annual environmental scorecard is out, and it doesn\u2019t look good for Republican lawmakers and some presidential
Republicans \took a solemn oath before God\ to uphold the Constitution, and they are reneging by not considering a court nominee, say Democrats.
Read that headline again slowly.
The GOP has resources to dangle in exchange for some message discipline from its presumptive nominee.
Marco Rubio's campaign is preparing for a contested Republican Convention as one option to take the GOP nomination away from
When industry insiders are in charge of regulating themselves, that's a problem.
A new fitness app aims to Make America Thin Again.
Donald Trump\u2019s rise toward the Republican nomination has been fueled, in part, by his candid and often crude style \u2014 more
And they really don\u2019t like Donald Trump.
Senate Republicans had already said they wouldn't confirm the moderate GOP governor.
A new report reveals failures to provide adequate care for eight detainees.
In a groundbreaking move, House Republicans have written a memo.
Rep. Trent Franks says he's trying to save his party from Donald Trump.
But, hey, the judge said it was only negligence.
New penalties for hospitals seem to have dramatically reduced the number of people readmitted with complications.
Profiles in courage.
Legislation that just passed in Alabama is a sign of things to come.
Sharpton also spoke about Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders and the importance of candidates working to get votes from people of color.
House rules apply.
He's leaving Congress to spend more time with his family. Again.
But other senators could still be holding up the legislation.
That the House transportation committee chair is the *actual sweetheart* of an industry lobbyist is probably just a coincidence.
\I anticipated a different result.\u201d
The state is required to enforce a law that restricts access to abortions.
He's more conservative than most Republican senators.
Can't get any geekier than a post on SCOTUSblog.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
GOP operatives are alarmed. Democrats are astonished.
Scalia once lamented that politics were ruining the judicial confirmation process. Look where we are now.
\I believe now, just as in 1836, that it will be the people of Texas who will stand together and say, \u2018Enough is enough.'\
How the West was Trumped.
The race is down to just five candidates.
The situation resembles what top political analysts would deem a \crap storm.\
The senator has struggled to narrow Hillary Clinton's lead among African Americans.
Fearful of counterattacks, rich conservatives and their allies are mostly holding their fire.
Civil rights groups argue that the business' claims have no basis in reality.
All eyes turn to his home state of Texas.
A Texas sheriff\u2019s department released an incident report late Tuesday that revealed new details of the discovery of Supreme
After Trump's win in the Nevada caucuses, Harry Reid called his views \kind of scary.\
Sure, but it REALLY helps.
It's about to get litigious up in this legislative body.
As first lady, Clinton helped corral votes for the law.
Delaying a nomination is unpopular in Ohio, where the incumbent Republican already trails.
Brian Sandoval, the centrist Republican governor of Nevada, is being vetted by the White House for a possible nomination
It begins.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The Constitution vests in the President the power to appoint judges to the Supreme Court. It\u2019s a duty that I take seriously
The measure was fast-tracked so a vote could come up as early as next week.
Polls have indicated his strength for months, but no one wanted to believe them.
\I think it's just inappropriate,\ state Sen. David Curtis said of a new bill to protect trans people.
In the twilight of his campaign, Jeb Bush sought to sell his message to voters in a new format
What's sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander in the Supreme Court standoff.
\It'll block decision-making in a manner that's so nearly unprecedented, it's not justified.\
Here's how it would work.
It doesn't mean Latinos love him.
Even they think the way we treat victims is \f**ked up.\
\When you hurt, when your children hurt, I hurt.\
John McCain said the Pentagon's plan on Guantanamo is more like a wish list.
If an intruder breaks in, \they're not gonna make it out alive, I can tell you that.\
False evidence and faulty investigations are just some of the issues conviction integrity units must review to right the wrongs of the past.
Well played, governor.
Relatively inexperienced women have now won the three most important abortion rights cases in American history.
Only one of these drugs belongs among the most dangerous substances.
It's a troll-or-get-trolled world out there.
The Florida senator still hasn't won a state.
Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz continue to battle for second.
But residents are still upset about the city not signing an agreement with the Department of Justice.
Nevada Republican Caucus
Apparently, he shouldn't have issued the Emancipation Proclamation.
Democratic Gov. Kate Brown has advanced a slew of progressive priorities since she took office last year.
The neurosurgeon says he's not giving up yet.
Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee have come to a consensus decision to not have hearings or a vote on a Supreme
If prediction markets (and most hardheaded analysis) are to be believed, Hillary Clinton, having demonstrated her staying
Why insurgent candidates from both parties triumphed on primary day.
Bernie Sanders' path to the Democratic presidential nomination, always a longshot, counted on wins to beget more wins, so
It's not clear when the documents will be made public.
Campaign finance experts clear the smoke.
At least 30 people were injured.
A recent CNN/ORC poll put Trump ahead by 26 percentage points in Nevada at 45 percent, followed by Rubio, from Florida, at 19 percent and Cruz, from Texas, at 17 percent.
It is impossible to miss when you fly into New York City and spot the golf course in the shadow of the Whitestone Bridge
It's getting chippy out there, folks.
On Monday, C-SPAN posted a two-minute clip of then-Senator Joe Biden (D-DE) urging President George H.W. Bush not to nominate
CHARLOTTE, N.C. \u2014 North Carolina\u2019s largest city has passed a law allowing transgender people to choose public bathrooms that
Marc Short, the Koch brothers\u2019 top political adviser in Washington and a trusted member of their inner circle for five years
The FBI chief had said his agency wasn't looking to set \any precedent\ with its Apple demand.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Marco Rubio's presidential campaign is on a high.
\The bottom line is the more records that are available, the more that we will all enhance the safety and security of the states that we serve.\
Apparently Mellie Grant was busy running for president too.
Some things are sacrosanct for Republicans.
This is an NBC News experiment. We want to hear your election confession. Tell us what you really think without revealing
Really.
Democrats originally proposed legislation targeting only the high-profile corrosion problem in Michigan.
New legislation could prevent critical evidence in sexual assault cases from being destroyed.
His office released a letter to McConnell, from McConnell.
Mitch McConnell draws a fine line between their nefarious calls for delay and his wise calls for delay.
Primary polling will be scarce from here on.
\I don't see the purpose,\ Sen. John Cornyn said.
It\u2019s one of the biggest mysteries in Republican circles
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The candidates for president and their big-money allies have spent more than $682 million through the end of January, according
\All the way back, when things were different. Now you call homes, and everybody's working,\ the GOP hopeful said.
He lost Nevada to Hillary Clinton but might be disrupting her \u201cfirewall.\u201d
The Supreme Court is a strange, Oz-like construction. It has no army or democratic mandate. Its legitimacy resides in its
\I hope folks will take a deep breath and stop saying the world is ending.\
Conservative leaders are sending a blunt message to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
He was \known, on occasion, to dissent.\
A gunman killed six people during a shooting rampage on Saturday.
Donald Trump, still feeling the aftershocks of his spat with Pope Francis who\u00a0suggested he was \u201cnot a Christian\u201d for proposing
\He's so much closer than anyone thought he would be.\
Heroin users would be able to inject the drug under a nurse's supervision.
2016 is causing problems.
\No background check process would have flagged and anticipated this situation,\ Uber security chief Joe Sullivan said.
Antonin Scalia, who died this month, after nearly three decades on the Supreme Court, devoted his professional life to making
The rush of March contests in big, diverse states could leave Sanders grasping for political life.
With another primary on the books, it\u2019s time to take stock of which Republicans should stay in the race and who should bounce.
November is closer than you think.
Cruz said Tyler had \committed a grave error of judgment.\
\The Senate\u2019s role in providing advice and consent is as important and significant as the president\u2019s role in proposing a nominee,\ said Kirk, a vulnerable Republican incumbent.
Wait, what??
\Much like the tobacco industry\u2019s search for replacement smokers, the gun industry is seeking replacement shooters.\
She expects a full recovery.
There is a major difference between how Republicans and Democrats are treated by the House Oversight Committee, Cummings says.
If he succeeds in the Rust Belt, look out.
The most powerful voter this year, who in her rapidly increasing numbers has become an entirely new category of citizen, is
Before the New Hampshire primary earlier this month, it was assumed that the Nevada caucus was going to be a victory for
\We have the momentum.\
Marco Rubio did better than polling expected, but the numbers were right on for Trump.
We started getting some clarity in the Republican and Democratic races Saturday night.
A battle between a fiercely progressive presidential candidate and an only slightly less fiercely progressive presidential
Donald Trump leads the polls, but get ready for a night of surprises.
Trump won South Carolina, and Sanders held strong in Nevada. Their results show American political centrism is slowly dying.
Few are eligible to be president in Donald Trump's America.
Ouch.
Please clap.
Donald Trump won the day. But the battle is far from over.
\We did not do as good a job as I had wanted to bring out a large turnout.\
We might not know whether Latinos favored Clinton or Sanders, but their participation levels bode well for a Democratic nominee.
But there's plenty of mudslinging to go around.
Everyone except Trump lost, really.
The latest fundraising reports were dismal for Carson's flagging campaign.
They're not exactly what you'd call a solid voting bloc.
Clinton's \broccoli\ is apparently better for us than Sanders' \ice cream.\
After a disappointing showing in South Carolina, Cruz's supporters are getting very nervous.
The one-time GOP frontrunner proved at just about every turn to be the wrong fit for the 2016 Republican electorate.
\I have many, many friends who are women who understand Planned Parenthood better than you or I will ever understand it.\
Trump will win most -- and likely all -- of the state's delegates.
The establishment wagons are circling.
Marco Rubio may win over less extreme GOP voters, but he's plenty extreme.
A Massachusetts congressman has a bill that could fix this.
The bill will strip $1.3 million that was destined for HIV testing.
Time for a reality check.
The GOP frontrunner has accused George W. Bush of duping Americans into getting involved in a disastrous war.
The Bushes have been in the thick of American politics for more than a century. They will be back.
My generation hasn't left the world in such great shape, though not for lack of trying. So I'm asking my fellow baby boomer idealists to understand millennials' frustration, to tap into their incredible energy and to recognize their passion and altruism.
Jeb's embrace of his brother cost him dearly, while Hillary's support of Obama helped her campaign recover.
Throughout my career, I've been intrigued by the way that introducing unexpected comparisons into discussions of China can unsettle entrenched assumptions and stimulate new thinking on familiar topics.
Before Justice Scalia's body was even cold, Republicans started obstructionism and pledged to block any Obama appointment. Apparently, a dying conservatism cares not a fig about the constitution -- just clinging to power.
From the beginning of his service, Barack Obama has been successfully marginalized as \the other,\ with a substantial part of the electorate (and the United States Congress) questioning not only his politics or policies, but also his very legitimacy.
Currently, the major questions to address are
Seeking an edge, Hillary Clinton courted voters throughout Las Vegas' sprawling population centers on Friday while rival
On Saturday, voters in South Carolina will have their say in the Republican presidential contest, while those in Nevada weigh
The late judge knew very well the consequences of leaving the Supreme Court one member short.
Donald Trump closed his South Carolina campaign on Friday with a rambling speech highlighted by a giddy, almost childlike
The primary battles rage on.
Live results from the Nevada Democratic caucus and the South Carolina Republican primary, on Saturday, Feb. 20.
Several Jeb Bush campaign workers are already shopping their resumes with Florida political consultants as expectations mount
Scalia was 79.
Donald Trump might have called him a \thug.\
The fun is just beginning.
Vice President Joe Biden and current and former Supreme Court justices were among the attendees.
Watch the video for yourself.
No one drives the opposition quite as crazy.
The old mill town of Laurens -- and small towns like it across America -- show Trump's march to the GOP nomination may already be irreversible.
Or any other presidential candidate's, for that matter.
Clinton dominated in Las Vegas and the surrounding area, with an overall lead of more than 5 points.
He spent $85,000 on fear-stoking ads against the Central Park Five
He said he's not going anywhere.
Former RNC Chairman Michael Steele just proved a politician can have a sense of humor.
From day one, as if they won!
Nevada will decide Saturday whether Hillary Clinton\u2019s campaign moves from intense fretting to full-blown panic or whether
Does public shaming work? Does compromise? We'll find out, maybe!
Pope Francis, Donald Trump. \It's not a hard call for me.\
\We are not advocating for any specific candidate.\
\u201cMy father came from Poland. What's the difference? Maybe the color of our skin.\
For months, Donald Trump has claimed that he opposed the Iraq War before the invasion began \u2014 as an example of his great
Really, he's reaching out.
In an interview with CNN\u2019s Jake Tapper, Rubio clarified that on Day One of his presidency, he will end President Obama\u2019s
Ted Cruz and his super PAC allies attack Donald Trump, Marco Rubio.
Hillary Clinton has done just about all it should take to win Saturday\u2019s Nevada caucuses.
Obama's anticipated nomination is likely to please everyone...
In 2005, Cruz said Roberts was \undoubtedly a principled conservative.\
Bernie Sanders is running against Hillary Clinton, but he made clear on Thursday that he's still no big fan of her husband
A look at what\u2019s at stake for the majority leader in this battle.
Nevada\u2019s Democratic caucus is unpredictable.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Silicon Valley celebrated last fall when the White House revealed it would not seek legislation forcing technology makers
Boo hoo. \ud83d\ude2d
Lombardi said the pope believed people \should build bridges, not walls.\
It's a big get for Clinton ahead of the South Carolina Democratic primary.
The president and first lady were among those who paid their respects.
Hillary Clinton challenged him to release the transcripts. It was not a heavy lift.
So far, most people don't think the Supreme Court vacancy is a major issue for 2016.
Immigration dominated the discussion at Thursday\u2019s Democratic town hall in Nevada.
The ad argues that Clinton is the candidate for people with the \system tilted against them.\
If Rubio's in, deferred action for young undocumented immigrants is out.
His spokesman says he doesn't use an iPhone.
A more liberal court could decide to police how voting districts are drawn.
There's a new dating site for Bernie fans.
\u201cYou don\u2019t call the game after the 2nd or 3rd inning.\
Albert Woodfox, the longest-standing solitary confinement prisoner in the US, held in isolation in a six-by-nine-ft cell
South Carolina is known for its down-and-dirty politics, and this year\u2019s GOP field has been all too happy to throw some low
We get it.
Or at least shame Mitch McConnell into holding nomination hearings.
GOP senator admits that it's not about a nominee's qualifications, it's about politics.
Majorities in six key election states think the U.S. jails too many nonviolent offenders.
\He knows that our country is being ripped off.\
Not enough people tuned in to watch Morning Joe toss 'em slow and easy to The Donald.
Or food assistance, or farm subsidies, or GMO labeling, or... \u200b
\Let's get on with it,\ the retired Reagan appointee said.
In the anxious weeks after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, the Florida House hurriedly assembled an elite group of
Well, this must be news to some people.
\I just woke the American people up.\
In South Carolina, Republican insiders got the photo op they wanted \u2013 a young Hispanic contender, endorsed by a diverse crew. But is he real-deal enough to stop Trump?
Group pledges seven-figure ad buy to buck up the GOP's obstruction.
\At no moment,\ says the accuser, \was I provided with fairness.\
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Life can begin to return to normal in this Los Angeles suburb, but tremendous damage to the environment has already been done.
In the spring of last year, two New York women were arrested on charges of supporting ISIS, following a joint investigation
A young supporter gets a hug for all the right reasons.
WASHINGTON \u2014 South Carolina Rep. Jim Clyburn plans to endorse Hillary Clinton, according to one campaign source and a second
Somewhat comforting news.
Like many of the boys in his neighborhood, Leonard Hamm learned early to be wary of the police officers \u2014 many of them black
The partisan divide among politicians is reflected by the people.
The 16-year-old victim was one of five on board the aircraft.
The recording also conspicuously praises Sen. Ted Cruz.
He said Americans should celebrate \how far we've come.\
As long as Obama doesn't nominate \D-Money,\ presumably.
\u201cIt\u2019s more than a political motive -- it has a smell of racism.\u201d
\I'm going to do everything I can so you don't have to be scared,\ Clinton tells her.
Without the black vote, Sanders doesn\u2019t stand a chance.
They're preventing Obama's other judicial nominees from getting confirmed. Why stop there?
Welcome back to the White House, Blackhawks.
Is Donald Trump in trouble? After facing hostile questions from Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski Wednesday night\u2014they
But dual nationals of these three countries maintain their travel eligibility.
She's seeking to maintain her lead over Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), who is trying to make inroads with black voters.
JACK HITT
Not surprisingly, Republicans agree more than Democrats.
\The voters have decided who the president should be until January 20, 2017, by very decisive margins\u200b.\
Both candidates voted for an amendment considered by many to be a \poison pill\ for reform in 2007.
RESIDENTS OF FLINT, MICHIGAN, who drank lead in their water may also have been exposed to perfluorinated compounds, or PFCs
Even Nikki Haley's endorsement of Marco Rubio might be too little, too late.
The Nevada caucus is pivotal for the Democratic race, and the outcome is increasingly uncertain.
When Donald Trump first made the late-night talk-show rounds last September, the hosts were inclined to go easy on him. Even
The results mark a dramatic shift -- or a dramatic outlier.
\u201cI\u2019m running ... because I saw something unacceptable and said, \u2018I have to do something about it.\u2019\u201d
More and more GOP senators say they'd be open to voting on an Obama nominee.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
GILBERT, S.C. \u2014 Ted Cruz emerged the evangelical favorite in Iowa, but Marco Rubio is maneuvering to elbow him aside in the
The death of Justice Antonin Scalia immediately prompted lofty-sounding pronouncements from leaders of both parties.
In early February, a council appointed by Georgia\u2019s Republican Gov. Nathan Deal recommended the state lift its lifetime ban
Catching up with the womp womp candidate.
Marco Rubio has stolen the narrative Jeb wanted for himself, so let's play along, shall we?
Allegheny Technologies has already locked out its workers in a labor dispute.
His full comments show he was quoting a female activist.
The largest union federation in America won't be backing Hillary Clinton for now.
The one way to get a justice through the Senate is to embarrass Republicans.
The Gipper called for \prompt hearings conducted in the spirit of cooperation and bipartisanship.\
Almost 5,000 people attended the Atlanta event on Tuesday.
It's about time.
He used to think the Senate should vote on them.
The Southern Poverty Law Center says Donald Trump \electrified the radical right.\
Trump said it was \so great\ that audience members tackled a protester.
Sigh.
The nod is a big coup for the Florida Republican's presidential campaign.
There might be no good way out.
America is getting angrier. For the first time in five years, the number of hate groups in the United States rose in 2015
Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) says he still thinks it should happen after the election, though, under the next president.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Two days after Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia died suddenly in remote West Texas, a former D.C. homicide commander
Well, biggish at least. Definitely not small.
Democratic voters care a whole lot more about the economy.
Dr. Ben Carson says Republican presidential candidates wouldn\u2019t be calling on deceased Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia\u2019s
GOP senators have urged the president not to make a nomination.
The senator maintained his distance back then.
Justice Antonin Scalia\u2019s unexpected death not only unleashed a bitter debate over the president\u2019s powers, it also shook up
Mysterious outside groups are asking state parties for personal data on potential delegates, Republican campaigns are drawing
Thousands of Sanders supporters waited in the freezing rain to see him in Michigan.
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders might be tied, but there's not enough data to know.
The Emanuel administration agreed to pay $4.5 million to the family of a woman killed in 2012 by an off-duty Chicago cop
Republicans, who control the Senate, say Obama should put off naming a replacement for Scalia.
It was around\u00a010:30 p.m. when Steve Jacobs rolled down the gravel driveway. The air was warm for early January, even for
It was around 10:30 p.m. when Steve Jacobs rolled down the gravel driveway. The air was warm for early January, even for
The GOP front-runner called out the Republican Party for what he complains has been unfair treatment.
Conservative and liberal advocacy groups are gearing up for a ferocious political brawl over President Obama\u2019s pick to fill
WARNING
BERLIN \u2014 In the early years of the Obama administration, the United States developed an elaborate plan for a cyberattack
HuffPost looks back on the vibrant history of the first-in-the-nation primary, which celebrated its 100-year anniversary in 2016.
Apparently the senator is poised for a primary win, despite a lot of evidence to the contrary.
The solution to this political problem is staring at him in the mirror.
Body camera footage is quickly going from public to private all over the country.
The facility is resuming its work providing a range of healthcare services, including abortion.
Your tax dollars hard at work.
The ritual is over 140 years old.
\Don't you make me love you, old man.\
State Sen. Vincent Fort could help mobilize minority voters.
Yeezy's tweetstorm about the price of textbooks highlights a serious issue, and one that could be fixed.
\Cruz is a fundamentalist Christian and it would almost be like electing the analog of an imam.\
OK...
Because refusing to let the president put anyone on the court doesn't look great.
The president has started preliminary discussions with his team about naming a Supreme Court justice nominee.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Spitzer's spokeswoman said there was no truth to the allegation.
\You are not going to believe this,\ Jimmy Carroll said, hustling us down the beach on the Isle of Palms, right outside Charleston
Jason Cherkis won for \Dying To Be Free,\ a look at heroin addiction treatment.
When we had dinner several years ago, I asked the justice about the Bushes. His answer might surprise you
GREENVILLE, S.C. \u2014 In an election that Republicans have long seen as a chance to put forward new stars with a fresh and broadly
White House officials began sifting through their pool of potential nominees for the newly vacant seat on the nation\u2019s highest
\You know these deep-dish pizzas -- it's not pizza. It's very good, but ... call it tomato pie or something.\
The GOP response to HuffPost's presidential survey
Here's where things stand.
If Trump becomes president, Cruz says conservatives can kiss their abortion restrictions and gun rights goodbye.
They want to wait until after 2016, in hopes that a Republican will win the White House.
The Democratic candidates answer HuffPost's criminal justice survey.
Is a bottling company about to get unlimited groundwater when locals have been conserving during the drought? Some residents
A remarkable week in Washington highlighted a sea change in how Congress views addiction.
Read how Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders responded to our questions.
Former RNC Chairman Michael Steele dishes on the racial hurdles he faced.
\If you just look at our genome, we are all 99.5 percent the same,\ Clinton said. \We spend 99 and a half percent of our time fixating on that half of a percent.\
Real strength comes from integrity and character. And in my experience, the strongest person isn't usually the loudest person in the room,\ George W. Bush said.
It was just the latest chapter in a stellar legal career that has taken the 46-year-old litigator known as \Sri\ to a seat
What will happen to them will be a test for the Supreme Court.
Conservatives have had a functional majority at least since 1991.
The passing of Justice Scalia of course affects the cases now before the Court. Votes that the Justice cast in cases that
No candidate but Trump mentioned the high-profile Carrier layoffs that are sending hundreds of jobs to Mexico.
\u201cHold on, gentlemen. I\u2019m going to turn this car around!\u201d
\It's called delay, delay, delay,\ Donald Trump said.
\Justice Scalia nailed all the weak spots -- the 'applesauce' and 'argle bargle' -- and gave me just what I needed to strengthen the majority opinion,\ Ruth Bader Ginsburg said.
The president spoke with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Sunday.
They were saying \boo,\ not \Cruz.\
\u201cI watched the debate last night and LOVED IT,\u201d says the group's co-founder.
Things got heated.
Republicans who block Obama are \out of step with our history,\ she says.
It was feisty.
The death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a sad and tragic event for his loved ones, including 28 grandchildren
A potentially devastating ruling for organized labor may no longer come to pass.
Hold on to your robes.
The nominee will almost certainly face a long, drawn-out battle.
Oops.
For one thing, George W. Bush ignored a warning that Al Qaeda would attack inside the U.S.
This time they're in South Carolina.
\u201cLet me just tell you this. Jeb is so wrong.\
He was sworn in on Sept. 26, 1986.
Republicans want to delay a new nominee for nearly a year.
He's only one in a string of candidates to quote dubious statements.
Justice Antonin Scalia\u2019s death will have an immediate effect on hot-button legal questions before the U.S. Supreme Court
\Call us the odd couple,\ Scalia once said of their unlikely friendship.
We'll remember this in 2020 or 2024.
There's real disagreement among the GOP presidential candidates on this question.
Scalia and Kagan forged a friendship as duck hunting buddies.
JACK HITT
The people over 100 years old with Social Security numbers pose a potential problem, but not the one Trump's harping on.
There's no recent precedent for the crisis Scalia's death just triggered.
The Supreme Court justice was found dead Saturday after a hunting trip in West Texas.
\We expect the Senate to consider that nominee, consistent with their responsibilities laid out in the United States Constitution,\ a spokesman said.
\We should have never been in Iraq. We have destabilized the Middle East.\
So did every single Republican senator.
It seems like yesterday. The Hillary Clinton juggernaut arrived in Nevada last spring, making all the right moves. She hired
It's the Constitution, stupid.
If Kasich fades after SC, you will have four people that will split the vote, not drop out and bring the GOP to ruin.  If you rally behind Kasich and he wins SC, Jeb and Marco will go and Kasich can beat Trump and Cruz and unite the party.
President Obama has announced his intention to submit to the Senate a nominee to fill the vacancy on the Court. Once he has done so, it is the Senate's constitutional responsibility to act timely on that nomination.
Some of the biggest Republican donors, who collectively have contributed tens of millions of dollars to shape the presidential
Now that his lawsuit against Univision has been settled, Donald Trump says he is happy to tape an interview with the network's
Much of Hillary Clinton\u2019s difficulty in this campaign stems from a single, unalterable fact
TAMPA, Fla. -- Donald Trump's latest campaign ad starts with the photo of an African American teenager in a football jersey
KEVIN BAKER
There's been very little polling in the state.
After decades of false starts, solar power in America is finally poised for its breakthrough moment. The price of solar panels
\This is going to be a melee.\
It still could!
Because of her clothing, she gets a bad headline.
The future of the Supreme Court now hangs in the balance.
The 2016 campaign has bewildered and captivated George W. Bush. At home in Dallas, the 43rd president rises before dawn and
Once Libyans can agree on a united government, they're expected to ask for international help to remove ISIS from their country.
\He was an extraordinary individual and jurist, admired and treasured by his colleagues.\
Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) called Scalia \one of the greatest Justices in history.\
\I know you're afraid to say black, and I know you're afraid to say reparations.\
\[T]his vacancy should not be filled until we have a new President.\
The reality is, millions of Americans are giving up on the political process because they're sick and tired of our rigged economy and corrupt campaign finance system. They don't want another candidate who's bought and paid for, and unfortunately, like way too many establishment candidates, that's exactly what Hillary Clinton is.
Whatever our opinions of the candidates -- whatever we think of Trump or Cruz or Sanders -- whatever we think is wrong about our political system, we should all at least feel good that there is very little apathy in this campaign, and that it's bringing even young adolescents into the political conversation.
Besides winning the New Hampshire Democratic Primary by a wider than expected margin, Bernie Sanders just made history.
No, it wasn't just your imagination -- it was a very different message. Is that a good thing?
Why do GOP officials think you are stupid? Simple. They think they can hide the state's afflicted waters, the massively polluted Lake Okeechobee, by shoving it into the Everglades.
What if Biden had run? What if Trump had won Iowa, especially by a wide margin? What if Bloomberg were to run? The biggest \what if\ is almost unmentionable.
With the primary season now finally and officially underway, and with Senator Bernie Sanders' stunning victory in New Hampshire still registering on the political seismograph, I've been wondering what Bayard Rustin would make of it all.
Yes, he was a candidate.
\u201cI am for repealing Obama care,\u201d Kasich said. \u201cBut expanding Medicaid at this point, bringing our dollars back is working
\Here is the beginning of my plan to usher us into an era where the city lives up to its potential, where we end politics as usual,\ Mckesson says.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The two faced off on foreign policy, health care, wages and Social Security.
The senator's supporters are now just making up accomplishments.
The earth just had a terrible day in court.
The retired neurosurgeon says his campaign was \devastated\ by rumors he'd dropped out of the race.
The audience at the debate loved her critique.
Marco Rubio suddenly wants to talk. At 22,000 feet, sipping Dr. Pepper and sharing his stash of Twix bars. In a Cracker Barrel
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton are facing off in Wisconsin.
Or under Hillary Clinton, for that matter?
GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump\u2019s spontaneous approach is running roughshod over political convention, and an
\This is the fight of our times,\ said Sen. Ed Markey (D-Mass.).
Bernie Sanders thinks single-payer can work here. Hillary Clinton doesn't.
At least Clinton and Sanders are willing to aid states in their initiatives.
The candidates tangled on the nature of expanding benefits as well.
Sanders has been reluctant to publicly break with any specific aspect of Obama's legacy.
State Rep. Mary Lou Marzian said her bill aims to show anti-abortion advocates another side of government involvement in the bedroom.
\u201cI believe Bernie Sanders is a protester,\ Erica Garner says.
Hillary Clinton said Sanders' criticisms of Obama sounded like GOP attacks.
\u201cWhether we have differences or not, we can talk about them.\
The courts have found that \deterrence\ is not a valid policy justification.
It's hard to inspire others when you're tasked with figuring out how to get things done.
It's not dark yet, but it's getting there.
Michigan's governor is ready to rumble.
It's a deeply emotional problem for Democrats.
Once again, things got heated between Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton.
He thinks it's possible to change politics. She doesn't.
Apparently, they carried the \exercising their First Amendment rights\ thing too far.
...and people on Twitter love it.
They're asking a federal judge to declare Cruz ineligible to run for president.
But his stunt was soon vaporized.
\I understand that I came across as condemning those who disagree with my political preferences.\
Sanders
The chief military prosecutor at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, has stipulated in a filing yet to be made public that the executive
Congressional Republicans are re-evaluating Marco Rubio\u2019s presidential campaign in the wake of his dismal showing in New
Beneath the surface of the guns discussion in America\u2014one traditionally dominated by men\u2014there's a complex world of females
The heat is on for the Clinton campaign.
He's back!
After setting up an impressive team of Nevada veterans, including some noteworthy Hispanic operatives,\u00a0Hillary Clinton arrived
America Ferrera, Zoe Saldana, Carlos Santana and others then slam the GOP field.
The betting markets now say that the most likely Republican nominee for president is a man who mocks women, insults Latinos
Lord, it's going to be nasty.
BLUFFTON, S.C. \u2014 One of the first signs that the presidential campaign had arrived in the wild and woolly political state
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The support of Home Depot co-founder Ken Langone is welcome news for the governor.
The leak has released more than 90,000 metric tons of methane already.
Having a lawyer can make the difference between asylum and deportation.
Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid said Thursday that the Democratic race for president could drag on for months -- and possibly
Fry ordered FBI agents to scream \Hallelujah\ before he gave himself up.
In the run-up to their big presidential campaign moments, the big media players in Iowa and New Hampshire gave voters a useful
Hillary Clinton and Ted Cruz are also big spenders.
\We\u2019re very confident that we\u2019re on strong legal footing here.\
Your least favorite thing about the 2008 Democratic primary is back!
Hillary Clinton picked up the endorsement of the Congressional Black Caucus' political action committee Thursday.
They promised to allow foreign aid money to pay for abortions in cases of rape or incest or to save the mother.
Almost 500 opioid addicts are waitlisted to receive medical treatment for their dependence.
\You can not have, in 2016, 100,000 people unable to get clean drinking water out of their spigots.\
It's using surveillance devices originally developed for the CIA.
\Negotiating a hotel deal in another country is not foreign policy experience,\ the senator said.
The Nevada rancher was charged in federal court with conspiracy, assault on a federal officer and obstruction of justice.
The candidates are actually talking about the heroin epidemic. But we asked a group of addicts if they're saying anything
Arizona state Rep. Juan Mendez says he just wants to be included.
The nationwide movement for better pay and benefits expands to the South.
None of them said they had plans for celebrating Black History Month.
The injuries that resulted from the government's \excessive force\ have gone untreated.
Attacked by their government for months, Kurds in Turkey are desperate for U.S. support.
Confused media offer the best observations they can.
New Hampshire voters have legitimized a campaign built on celebrity, insults and hate.
The department \has put me between a rock and a hard place.\
Watch this guy.
He's already thinking ahead to the general election.
They missed Iowa, but were very close in the Granite State.
Will it matter going forward?
Voters rejected the usual suspects and the middle way, and\u00a0also expressed enduring commitment to the process.
This is not the campaign that Hillary Clinton and the party envisioned.
Davis spent five days in jail last September for her stand on marriage licenses for gay couples.
Isn't this what Google Docs is for?
In addition to being a birther,  vaccine denier and torture enthusiast.
So did polls.
Hillary Clinton loves black people. And black people love Hillary\u2014or so it seems. Black politicians have lined up in droves
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
And the EPA's own overconfidence may have played a role.
Madeleine Albright's comments didn't do much to boost Hillary Clinton among women.
The bill strips funding from programs that help prevent infant mortality, promote HIV testing and offer breast and cervical cancer screenings.
Voters in both parties are polarized and unhappy.
The influential journalist has called the presidential candidate out on racism and reparations.
There will be no mercy.
\u201cYou expect to turn on your tap and you expect that water to be safe.\u201d
Despite major differences, Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders sounded some similar notes on policy.
The ENCRYPT Act is sponsored by Democratic Representative Ted Lieu and Republican Blake Farenthold.
\The secret is out
He also is not a pin cushion.
Donors gave $5.6 million in the 21 hours after his address.
His third-place \win\ in Iowa carried him to another stunning victory.
He quietly marked a major milestone in American politics.
\Hey Black & Latino voters, Did YOU get the Hillary memo asking you to save her campaign?\
History shows that Americans pay more attention to presidential races after the primaries start.
Half-a-million-dollars serious.
Republicans used to ignore the Democratic socialist from Vermont. Not anymore.
The driver said that when the cop walked up with his gun drawn, \My only thought was that he was going to kill me.\
\Trying to find common ground doesn't make me less of a Democrat.\
He fared equally well among New Hampshire's moderates and staunch conservatives.
He framed his candidacy through the legacy of Abraham Lincoln.
She was the only woman running in the GOP field.
The group didn't want HHS to increase prescriptions for buprenorphine.
The Justice Department is suing Michael Brown's hometown after the city refused to accept a deal that would have reformed its mostly white police department.
He was hoping for a strong showing in New Hampshire.
Hugs will not solve the problems facing American families.
\Of all the elections I\u2019ve worked on, it was probably the single most exciting night.\
Maybe you guys want to double check this.
NEW YORK \u2014 When Hillary Clinton spoke to Goldman Sachs executives and technology titans at a summit in Arizona in October
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
By contrast, more Granite State Democrats have their minds made up.
Officers in the majority-black city's overwhelmingly white police department could also get big pay raises.
KEVIN BAKER
We're about to find out.
What?
Anti-establishment candidates Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump lead New Hampshire polls. See how each candidate performed
The Granite State hosts the latest in a series of last stands for Jeb.
He's been giving the same responses to questions over and over again, but he has no intention of stopping.
Both Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders have said they hope to face the other in a general election, but they already are in
BOSTON (CBS) \u2014 A YouTube video shows supporters for Marco Rubio getting into a scuffle with a protester dressed as a robot
MANCHESTER, N.H. \u2014 Millions of people watched Marco Rubio\u2019s televised tailspin in the opening minutes of last weekend\u2019s Republican
Whatever happens Tuesday night, it's not really going to tell us much about the next nine months.
People convicted of felonies will now be eligible to vote the day they leave prison.
John Kasich and Bernie Sanders each won two of three early voting communities.
There's a $12 billion backlog in repair work for our national parks.
Complaints over sexual assault, racial discrimination and gender inequality keep growing, but the agency's budget is not.
\He has no business being on the board\ of the gun rights group.
New court ruling further blurs the line between new technologies and what constitutes lawful \searches.\
There's only so much one health care reform law can do.
The President's final budget proposal is his biggest and boldest -- but Republicans are likely to reject it.
So much for this supposedly not being about race.
Here we go!
But losses for Bernie Sanders or Donald Trump would be surprising.
Is he OK?
The two-term governor and GOP presidential candidate did not know what a Super PAC was.
He's starting a conversation on the \Cadillac tax\ that his successor can finish.
The former president stepped up his criticism of his wife's rival on Sunday.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Three campaign groups say the Ohio governor has surged to second place.
'The Clintons are not happy, and have been letting all of us know that,' one Democrat says.
Just don't even bother opening your mailbox.
Establishment-bashing Ted Cruz nabs four of six top donors.
Seven days on the trail with Ken Baker and Jack Hitt.
Making sure the Jefferson Memorial doesn\u2019t sink into the Tidal Basin seems like a great idea.
\Stephen, I am the president.\
\u201cHe\u2019s winning, it\u2019s hard to believe.\u201d
BEDFORD, N.H. \u2014 Marco Rubio isn\u2019t really a robot \u2014 he isn\u2019t dumb or teleprompter-tied \u2014 but he is a calculating and cautious
If only his campaign had those $1 million checks, instead of his super PAC.
Many are deeply torn about not being with Hillary Clinton this election.
His debate performance gave even his supporters pause.
She wants to ensure the accusations remain part of the political discourse during the election campaign.
Even before votes are cast, we\u2019ve got some results. Here are nine pre-takeaways about the race, the candidates and the country.
More snow, less corn.
The lone female Republican presidential candidate tells HuffPost she still faces gender discrimination regularly.
It's almost never mentioned during the debates.
Rubio has been vocal about wanting to roll back the Supreme Court decision that legalized gay marriage.
The anatomy of a debate flub.
\People don't die of Zika, people get it and they don't know they have it.\
There are a lot of polls. And they might not reveal much about what will happen on Tuesday.
POLITICO Caucus members panned the Florida senator's canned debate responses. 'Cringeworthy,' said one New Hampshire Republican
\u201cListen, we have had enough with political correctness, especially in the military,\ he says.
The Democratic presidential hopeful called on Congress to give aid.
Kasich said he would present an immigration plan to Congress within his first 100 days as president and that he thinks it would pass.
People dressed as robots are following him around at a town hall in New Hampshire.
Yes, there's another one.
Cruz claimed that his campaign had misinterpreted a CNN report.
The candidates made false and misleading claims in the Manchester meeting.
The president also made a Super Bowl prediction.
Ouch.
One candidate's loss is another candidate's opportunity.
A high-energy clash between the two Republican presidential candidates.
Marco Rubio had a rough night.
And then he did it again!
A reality check on his claims about health care.
He's still not over the Iowa caucuses.
So-called partial-birth abortions are a topic of conversation again.
Apparently, not even the candidates' moms are off-limits in New Hampshire.
\'Let's Move' is off the table.\
He thanked the host for being there.
And Rubio didn't do himself any favors.
Radioactive water leaked into the groundwater at the upstate Indian Point nuclear power plant, officials said Saturday.
*cringe*
Amazing.
No tolerance for the \Bernie Bros.\
The death rate for white Americans aged 45 to 54 has risen sharply since 1999, but Montana officials wrestle to explain why
And she had some advice for her pal Beyonc\u00e9.
Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
\Encouraging religious discrimination will definitely not make America great.\
Phew!
Donald Trump wants to do things that are \a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding.\
Hillary Clinton has heaped attention on the lead-poisoned city of Flint, Michigan, for weeks, but on Sunday she\u2019ll do more
Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright slammed Bernie Sanders on Saturday, expressing concerns over the Democratic
Republicans face off days before the high-stakes New Hampshire primary.
\Conversion therapy is a hateful and fundamentally flawed practice that is counter to everything this state stands for.\
What would Donald Trump sell you?
Ron Paul has warned Republicans not to vote for the Texas senator.
So many questions. So many emotions.
Poor Jeb.
The Arkansas Travelers have been helping the Clintons since 1992.
Progressive groups applauded the move, but Sanders isn't as impressed.
\I wouldn't buy a used car from this person,\ one said.
\Your story is so incredibly moving.\
She's not running, and she hasn't endorsed. But her influence is everywhere.
They're reaching out to voters ahead of Tuesday's primary.
\Whether you are on the campaign or at home keeping things in order, your husband will need your cool head and manner to help him relax.\
He wants to bring the Hunger Games to Hawaii.
\We will not have a debate, Sir.\
A personal investigation.
The military released 198 photos, a small part of those sought by the ACLU that purport to show damning detainee abuse.
Do you feel safe yet?
As I listen to the campaign speeches of the Republican and Democratic presidential front-runners - each outlining their views for the future of America - it seems to me that it boils down to one central question.
It is not a double standard to criticize Israel, and it is most certainly not anti-Semitic. In fact, the overreaction to criticism harms our political discourse, damages the effort to combat real anti-Semitism, and because it serves to enable destructive Israeli policies, it makes a just peace a near unattainable goal.
It is a shame that we have not yet had a female president. It is wrong that, even in 2016, Hillary Clinton (or any woman, for that matter) is still treated unjustly by a system and society that is pathologically patriarchal.
Many things in politics are a blend of reality and perception.  But when it comes to the Presidential nominating process, the balance is completely out of whack.
Democrats are down to a head-to-head contest, which was on full display last night. Both Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders made their respective cases fairly well, and the jostling between them for position was notable.
The stunning ascent of Bernie Sanders portends far more than a hard-fought Democratic primary.  Its greater implication, whether Sanders wins or loses, is that America's crony capitalism will no longer go unchallenged.
Bryan Stevenson is unwavering in that vision and in lifting his voice of great moral clarity at the forefront of the struggle. Every new hard-earned and overdue victory should remind us all that we must keep moving towards greater justice for all.
Today, Iowa Democratic Party officials reported errors in the state's caucus results. The news comes just days after Hillary Clinton was named the official winner in Iowa. Defeating Bernie Sanders by two tenths of one percent, she took home 23 of the state's 44 delegates.
More important than Iowa or Hillary Clinton's \damn emails.\
Let's break this down.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The Ohio governor said he has plans to be in Republican primaries up to Super Tuesday and beyond.
By his own accounts, Sanders is a \progressive who gets things done\ too.
Is there even a line between art and life anymore?
\The only thing that would have improved our model...would have been a time machine.\
The NAACP and other national groups are expected at the gathering.
Jeb \will keep our country safe,\ the former president said.
He blasts GOP candidates for their positions on abortion and LGBT rights.
In the aftermath of the Iowa caucus, only three contenders are seen as likely to become the eventual Republican nominee.
One of the women said 300 Tinder users replied to her.
The Fox News anchor said it's not yet time to count out the GOP contender, despite the Iowa results.
New Hampshire's Jews -- yes, they exist -- aren't even talking about it.
Tonight, it's Bernie vs. Hillary.
It was the fifth debate in a row to omit the issue.
It probably would help them decide.
\u201cThe New Hampshire primary is famous for things going bananas at the last minute.\u201d
The Las Vegas Review-Journal endorsed Florida Sen. Marco Rubio for the Republican nomination Friday, saying their reasons
Clinton insisted Thursday night that campaign contributions and speaking fees from Wall Street and other major corporate sectors have not influenced her politically.
It's gotten personal.
\You will not find that I ever changed a view or a vote because of any donation.\
Three white nationalist leaders have banded together to form their own super PAC.
At one precinct, one woman's decision made a big difference.
Get ready for chocolates and airplane rides, Leader Pelosi
On Jan. 23, prisoners in Flint, Michigan\u2019s Genessee County Jail were told to drink bottled water. It was a curious switch
The findings come after nearly a year of controversy over Hillary Clinton's decision to set up a private email server for her work as secretary of state.
Will he surprise us again?
\Vice President Biden is not progressive because he supported Keystone.\
Just Bernie being Bernie.
They probably shouldn't have published this infographic
\What better way to promote college and career readiness?\u201d
\This is a harm-reduction strategy for the rest of society,\ said Dan Morhaim, a physician who serves in the state House of Delegates.
She didn't tell Wall Street to \cut it out.\
The male presidential candidates have not received the same level of scrutiny.
The talk in the GOP -- and elsewhere -- is that the real estate mogul is faltering.
They are insisting on a red-line pledge not to cut benefits  -- and say her assurances fall short of that.
A sticking point has emerged, involving the Koch brothers and white-collar crime.
The state's contrary voters don't like anything predictable or establishment.
A new report released on Friday showed an eight-year-low in unemployment.
Sometimes all it takes is a loving grandson.
The union super PAC is a bit different from Clinton's group but it's there nonetheless.
\What has happened there is absolutely unacceptable.\
But critics say it's not nearly enough.
\I think we would win by a lot.\
High-level Senate staffers are overwhelmingly white. Low-level service workers are overwhelmingly black and Latino.
Because police aren't releasing body camera video of the shooting.
Not being Trump rocks.
\We just got the call one day that Miriam was gone,\ the presidential candidate said.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
It's not a plan that satisfies everyone.
Too bad he only wants to \enforce the laws that are on the books.\
Who could disagree?
This is gonna be great.
Republicans aren't likely to approve of this proposal.
After last year's terror attacks in Paris and mass shooting in San Bernardino, California -- and amidst a surge in anti-Muslim
Many of her struggles stem from the political calculations she's made in her career.
He criticized Obama's mosque visit as being divisive. But Rubio's rhetoric on Muslims is the real problem.
Ben Carson, the famed neurosurgeon whose bid for the Republican presidential nomination has struggled to keep pace with rivals
He's not the only one arguing on her behalf.
MANCHESTER, N.H. \u2014 Frustrated and flailing as his candidacy threatens to slip away, Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey is
Politician has successfully been a politician, his supporter says.
\Lip service is not public service,\ critics say.
House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz says he\u2019s forging ahead with an investigation into the federal government\u2019s record
Making college cheaper is a big theme for Democrats, but Republicans aren't saying much.
Another week, another report questioning the Sanders proposal's basic assumptions.
Seriously?
She won't even watch it.
Elizabeth Warren lit the fuse.
\I miss being in the ring\
The total meets government projections, but questions remain.
The complaint was filed by a supporter of Doug Owens, who is challenging Love in her re-election bid.
Uhhh, this is awkward.
Think about the millions of attack ads Republicans will run, they say.
\u201cWe are now bogged down in Washington wonky budgeteer talk,\ said one senator.
There are only five days to go before the state's long-awaited primary.
But don't expect Congress to pass it any time soon.
The NBA's most fun-to-watch team celebrates their 2015 championship.
There goes another one.
Not enough people stand with Rand, apparently.
\We knew each other, obviously, in New York,\ said the Democratic presidential candidate.
More than 20 private lawsuits have been filed on behalf of some of those residents.
Florida's death penalty is in turmoil following a recent Supreme Court ruling.
Advocates say their extremism is prompting voter outreach.
A word of caution
LACONIA, NH \u2014 Marco Rubio adamantly avoided attacking Donald Trump, Wednesday, instead turning a reporter's question about
Young people are more engaged in this year\u2019s primary than what the popular image might suggest.
The manager's lawyer says his client is not an animal.
Cruz\u2019s claim that Rubio \u201cadvocates legalization and citizenship for everyone here illegally\u201d is not accurate.
A review of statewide licensing requirements shows that in half the country, applicants are not required to demonstrate their
(CNN)\u00a0Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum is ending his presidential bid, two Republican sources told CNN.
More than one-third of respondents know someone who's been addicted to heroin or another opiate, a new survey shows.
Plus a preview of New Hampshire.
San Diego on Tuesday agreed to pay $667,000 to settle a sexual harassment lawsuit against former Mayor Bob Filner.
Cruz has since apologized.
Somebody? Please?
He's a surprisingly good actor!
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said the enforcement efforts aren't changing, despite criticism.
Scott Walker pushed to eliminate tenure from state law. Professors are fearful about what's next.
\u201cThe only thing worse than not having a mother at all is having a mother who chooses drugs over you.\
Other pharmacies have rolled out similar naloxone programs.
Awkward.
The speaker is trying to bring the gadfly conservative group back into the fold.
The mogul says \either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.\
They don't seem to be backing down from a fight.
Obama wants to highlight the American right to freedom of religion for all, including Muslims.
\u201cCan anybody tell me why the governor of Michigan is not here today?\
The meeting was \intense.\
Now she's trying to out-progressive Bernie Sanders.
Pete Santilli, a talk radio host, has been charged in a federal conspiracy case.
Sanders' call for a single-payer government system did him in, after Clinton homed in on it.
Are there no washing machines in Iowa?
But a winner of the Democratic race hadn't been declared when she gave her speech.
Supporters said they had high hopes all along, knowing polls that had predicted a Trump victory were wrong.
It's a major shift.
Hank Greenberg is doubling down on his Jeb bets. What could go wrong?
Iowa residents will be the first in the nation to cast their ballots. This page will update results as they arrive, beginning
Welcome to your new job, Speaker Paul Ryan!
Tons of thrilling action in the Hawkeye State.
For once, he was gracious.
Third place is the second loser.
The Bern smoked Clinton and O'Malley.
DES MOINES, Iowa \u2013 With his strong showing in the caucuses here, Marco Rubio is growing closer to consolidating the establishment
The Iowa Democratic Party is denying accusations from Bernie Sanders's campaign that it failed to staff scores of caucus
They\u2019ve been saying all along that the Iowa caucuses are extremely difficult to poll.
Pollsters missed the GOP outcome, but at least they tried to tell us it was uncertain.
Normally, a comeback doesn't look like this, arithmetically speaking.
This kid wanted to become a meme. His dream came true.
Jeb Bush's wealthy donors probably aren't feeling great.
It's been over 13 hours since he tweeted.
More like Bye-owa, caucus.
\Further discussion on this issue is unnecessary.\
Undocumented immigrants aren't allowed to attend top public colleges in the state.
It turns out there's more to politics than \just be Charlie Sheen all the time.\
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Despite finishing sixth, Bush says he's still in the race.
You could say Cruz trumped the competition.
Surveys understated support for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio.
What Iowa revealed about her election prospects -- and what it didn't.
Instead, he thinks Hollywood's problem is \the values they are trying to ram down our kids\u2019 throats.\
He entered the race May 5.
The same methods that were wrong on the Republican side were more accurate for the Democrats.
The daughter of the former vice president started her campaign off with a gaffe.
Just ask Bill Clinton and Mike Huckabee.
Nobodyrememberswhocameinsecond.com also goes after the GOP's former frontrunner.
\Where is the public outcry here in Washington?\
Well, this is awkward.
Voters under 30 broke for Sanders by 70 points.
It's the latest of four agencies to join the investigation into the poisoning of the city.
The party of Cruz and Trump seems overjoyed that Democrats have a challenger, too.
What an incredibly close race.
Her pitch
WASHINGTON \u2014 For more than two years the F.B.I. and intelligence agencies have warned that encrypted communications are creating
Two groups raised $27.3 million in the second half of 2015.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
A Sanders victory would be significant for him, but not fatal to Clinton.
\u201cThere is nothing new under the sun,\u201d Ted Cruz, quoting Ecclesiastes, said at several stops in Iowa last week. He meant that
The American political media notoriously packs this Iowa city every four years, driving mid-tier hotel room rates past $600
They're skipping the state instead of holding caucus night parties.
Caucusing takes a lot of effort and can produce big upsets and surprises.
Big-money super PACs have raised almost half of presidential cash.
A final look at polling in Iowa, and what could determine the outcome.
The ruptured well in Porter Ranch, California, is emitting tens of thousands of pounds of methane every day.
That's a lot for a week-old campaign.
DAVENPORT, IOWA \u2014 Attorneys for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump are trying to stop Elizabeth Mae Davidson
\We are worse off today than we were five years ago,\ he said.
End-of-year reports contain plenty of oddities and curiosities.
Ted Cruz\u2019s Presidential campaign prides itself on being data-centric and on integrating insights from political science into
The candidates have sought endorsements, worked the streets and made last-minute gambles. But what if it all comes down to a snow storm?
AMES, Iowa (AP) \u2014 Seeking victory in Iowa, Hillary Clinton has begun channeling the economic indignation of her rival Vermont
Will voters back her this time around?
Boom. Smaller government, just like that.
Hint
Or Donald Trump, frankly.
But a new legal challenge is already in the works.
Twelve years later, they're still talking about Howard Dean's scream.
Their money has poured into super PACs, mostly backing GOP candidates.
Presidential candidates are gearing up for Monday night's Iowa caucuses.
The billionaire apparently doesn't think \wages are too high\ anymore.
The Vermont senator is hoping for a big turnout.
Sanders sent up his first big trial balloon in a HuffPost interview long before anyone else took him seriously.
Doctors decided to keep him overnight as a precaution.
She sees Clinton as the only candidate willing to stick it to the gun lobby.
Hillary Clinton\u2019s campaign for president is instructing its Iowa caucus leaders to \u2014 in certain cases \u2014 throw support to
The most radical candidate and the most traditional are poised to win the Iowa caucus and frame the 2016 race.
DAVENPORT, Iowa \u2014 A former paid organizer for Donald J. Trump who was fired this month has accused his presidential campaign
Candidates made their last Iowa pitches before the state's Monday caucuses.
The song is actually part of the Democratic presidential hopeful's musical repertoire.
Thursday's debate in New Hampshire will go forward, with more debates to come.
Sanders joins Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton and Republican candidates Donald Trump and Ben Carson
He is the biggest donor to his super PAC with a $3 million contribution.
\The stars are aligned for change.\
Just because he called them her \damn emails\ doesn't mean he doesn't think they're important.
Billionaires Paul Singer and Ken Griffin each gave $2.5 million.
There is a flip side to running as the biggest bully.
Their attack ad did seem suspicious.
\I was going to, but we have an intramural basketball game, so I can\u2019t make it out.\
Republicans have nothing to offer the millions who would lose insurance.
The Koch brothers\u2019 donor network spent close to $400 million last year, and is on its way to spending an unprecedented $889
Even people who came to his campaign event aren't voting for him.
\Nobody knows health care better than Donald Trump.\
\u201cPeople at the company I work for, they lost their jobs. They\u2019re sending those jobs to China.\
\I've never seen this kind of hate put on a star before, not even Bill Cosby.\
Almost all of the $75 million his campaign raised in 2015 came from small donors.
As a woman, I would be cutting my own throat to vote for anyone running under the Republican Platform because they don't care as much about my financial well-being as they used to, and they care even less about supporting progress for women.
With the Iowa caucuses around the corner, the election fever should ideally be catching up. Far from it. There is an apparent gloom looming large over the American electorate.
It is unclear if Donald Trump has rewritten the rules of political campaigning but he has unquestionably left pundits and political scientists baffled by his success. Most careful observers of politics (present authors included) believed Trump would have washed out quickly and decisively.
Iowa prides itself on being first-in-the-nation each year, leading the country in its non-primary system and helping weed out the strong candidates from the weak ones.
The Koch brothers' donor retreats are notoriously secretive affairs, but after my publishing of several hours of audio from their 2014 summer confab, the network began to bring select journalists behind its closed doors. With strings attached.
Even more important, is for presidential candidates to take the campaigning process seriously. As Florida Senator Marco Rubio pointed out earlier this week, \this isn't joke, this is serious\, and quite frankly there are moments in debates, media coverage, etc. where candidates are not treating this as a campaign for the people, but a showcase. Now is the time to get involved and to take this process seriously.
But what\u00a0does it say about the United States\u00a0if its citizens\u00a0are afraid to vote for a candidate because they\u00a0don't believe their\u00a0government will allow the leader of the free world\u00a0to\u00a0address the biggest\u00a0domestic problems it faces?
A Senate Armed Services Committee urged the Pentagon not to punish him further because he had \admitted his guilt and apologized for his actions.\
Tests began in the last week in December, and 26 sites out of about 4,000 showed the higher levels.
She will formally announce on Monday.
The battle to be the Republican choice for president has been nasty, brutish and anything but short. The hope among some
Donald Trump can't stop, won't stop questioning the senator's citizenship.
Trump Nomination 'Could Reshape GOP As European-Style White-Identity Party'
The caucuses will begin on Monday at 7 p.m. CST, and results are expected within two or three hours.
For the past painful year, the Republican presidential contenders have been bombarding Americans with empty propaganda slogans
Defense Secretary Ashton Carter has decided not to impose any further punishment on David H. Petraeus, the former CIA director
This is it. The party's mainstream is feeling the heat.
Neither thinks Hillary Clinton is really opposed to the TPP trade deal.
\A strong third.\u201d Marco Rubio\u2019s campaign, careful about expectations, insisted this was still their goal in Iowa after the
Hillary Clinton will on Saturday begin the last weekend before the Iowa caucusescampaigning with Gabby Giffords, the former
The visit comes after he called for Muslim Americans to help fight extremism.
\Why won't they debate in Brooklyn?\ the Sanders campaign asks.
The details of the debates have not been determined, nor have they been sanctioned by the DNC.
St. Louis County won't drop spurious charges against journalists who were just doing their jobs.
Marco Rubio has resolved to stay below the fray as Donald Trump and Ted Cruz fight it out for the top two spots in Monday\u2019s
Polls show narrow margins between Clinton and Sanders, and Trump and Cruz. But a range of factors could determine the final outcome.
Ted Cruz and Bernie Sanders lag behind in the final poll before Monday's caucuses.
Ta-Nehisi Coates says Clinton should better understand the South's legacy of racism.
The White House has a new plan to get students involved in the important subject.
\If it gets a little boring.... I just say, \u2018We will build the wall!\u2019\
DES MOINES \u2014 Ted Cruz has flipped his TV strategy heading into the crucial final weekend before the Iowa caucuses, rerouting
Ted Cruz's attempt to hew to his anti-Obamacare talking points Saturday led to an uncomfortable exchange with a voter who
Existing U.S. alliances and other priorities make it hard for the Obama administration to respond.
He'll discuss his work over the last 30 years to eradicate the Guinea worm disease.
James Carville is in disbelief at the number of people who have donated to Bernie Sanders.
The sign-up deadline is Sunday. The argument about whether it's working will go on a whole lot longer.
His Iowa fans like that Trump is an ego-driven loudmouth billionaire. They think he\u2019ll get things done.
The teachers say the district is putting kids' health at risk.
\u201cWhile residents were being told to relax and not worry about the water, the Snyder administration was taking steps to limit exposure in its own building.\u201d
\What lessons have you learned from his mistakes, sir?\
The biggest crime of the financial crisis of 2008 is that \no one was prosecuted,\ he tells HuffPost.
\THE LAST TRYOWA\ \ud83d\ude02
It's the last gathering of the GOP field before the Iowa caucuses.
Christie wasn\u2019t characterizing the federal funding that Planned Parenthood receives accurately.
Does it count as a debate when it's just one person talking?
\Every single engine of government has to move when you see a crisis like that.\
John McCain says that anyone who has followed the 9th Circuit's rulings \wants to get the hell out.\
They've both changed the way they talk about a path to citizenship.
The author says Sanders' claim that reparations would be too divisive doesn't square with his support for issues that are plenty polarizing.
\I wish we never had to talk about it, but we have to talk about it.\
\I don't know who to root for more --Cruz, Bush or what\u2019s that guy\u2019s name?\ the vice president joked.
There were no clear winners.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
By some accounts, his numbers are rising.
Sen. David Perdue is blocking his own judicial nominee, Dax Lopez, over immigration reform.
The U.S. Justice Department is currently investigating the Chicago police's use of deadly force, among other issues.
There was no avoiding it, and Fox News Channel didn't really try
Too many people are locked up on minor charges because they can't afford bail before trial, Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy says.
\Since the beginning of this great nation, nothing like this has ever, ever, ever happened.\
Rick Santorum just can't take a hint.
Which makes little sense if you look at the numbers.
Also, the KKK \was not so much a racist thing but a vigilante thing to keep law and order.\
Trump's candidacy threatens to scramble the Republican coalition built since the presidency of Ronald Reagan.
There was no Donald Trump, but plenty to fact-check in the last GOP debate before the Iowa caucuses.
Truth is, Republicans don\u2019t have a better alternative to the health care law.
Support for outsider candidates shows no sign of fading among the party's most plugged-in voters.
Most of the people who occupied a federal wildlife refuge for a month will be defended at the expense of U.S. taxpayers.
English actor Peter Serafinowicz makes him seem like an East London gangster.
His proposals and ideas came to the Fox News debate, even though he didn't.
The Sierra Club is calling for Snyder to appear at next week's House hearing.
Officials say it could help end pay discrimination and close the gender wage gap.
Department officials wouldn't describe the substance of the emails, or say if Clinton had sent any herself.
Donald Trump collected almost $5 million Thursday from a motley crew of casino owners, business partners and at least one felon.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz is facing a very serious primary challenge. What happens will say a lot about the Democratic Party.
\The thing is, she can't be a champion of women's rights at the same time she's got this that is always lurking out there, this type of behavior.\
\The volume of testing remains the same, which many parents and educators view as overkill.\
\He's the most talented politician that New England has produced since John Kennedy.\
The proposals are part of Defense Secretary Ash Carter's ongoing effort to modernize the military.
THE GOVERNMENT\u2019S USE of a controversial invasive technology for tracking phones just got a little more controversial. The
\The gal that's running against me is a 30-year-old, you know, mom, mother of two infants.\
Dispatches from an Anti-Trump Planet
Most Democratic voters don't see her as their only chance of winning.
The top Republican candidates \u2014 minus one, perhaps \u2014 will face off Thursday night in Des Moines for the final time before
GOP candidate was paid by Merck at a time when anti-abortion groups criticized company's vaccine production
The existing legislation shields weapons makers and sellers from lawsuits.
The raids are targeting undocumented mothers and children from Central America.
But some evangelicals have turned to a savior named Trump.
New FEC filings show that all of the $417,250 in monetary donations to a Super PAC called \u201cBlack Americans for a Better Future
The move follows a federal call to end the controversial technique nationwide.
This could get ugly.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
At the recent Democratic town hall, moderator Chris Cuomo presented Bernie Sanders with what has been a common complaint
\We are being taxed for being born as women.\
Cable rules are changing after months of pressure from liberal senators.
\u201cHis oversight on these issues is deplorable and this is why he must go.\u201d
Even among some Democrats.
Black school kids in America are beaten and suspended disproportionately.
You know, like classy people do!
\It\u2019s getting pathetic.\
\Mission accomplished,\ he snapped at Justice Kennedy.
It's a debate over what Obama accomplished -- and what he didn't.
The Sanders camp says they weren't intentionally misleading anyone.
Except for that whole \God\ thing.
When one young man was let down by the system, he decided things had to change.
The water crisis, he says, is \something straight out of a movie.\u201d
Trump's chances rest on getting tens of thousands of new voters to caucus.
Not even a pro-life Texas prosecutor bought the anti-abortion campaigners' tactics.
It's Hagel's only donation so far this cycle.
\I think this data will be helpful for policy makers and police chiefs in Connecticut to get a handle on the issue.\
Schools in Sebring, Ohio, have been closed for three straight days. The town says it was kept in the dark.
Although he still lags far behind nationally, Sanders has momentum.
Both he and chief rival Donald Trump are working to gain the support of conservatives.
The leader of the occupation has called for those remaining to \go home and hug your families.\
American Future Fund, linked to the Koch brothers in the past, doesn't disclose donors, so its motives are unclear.
If a poll result is \surprising,\ it's probably an outlier.
They hope activists will be able to use lessons from their success for other battles.
With decades of political experience under her belt, Hillary Clinton finds herself in a familiar position with less than
The political establishment is confused, and so are rank-and-file Republicans.
Um...
\I love that!\
A majority of his followers want him to participate in the Fox News debate.
Thousands of legal Hispanic residents are becoming U.S. citizens from Nevada to Florida and Colorado because of Trump. \u201cThere
Tonight, Donald Trump\u2019s months-long war with Fox News entered a chaotic and \u2013 for both sides \u2013 perilous new phase when Trump
\There are always going to be efforts by anti-abortion activists who try to stop groups like Planned Parenthood in their tracks.\
They want to pass legislation granting the island bankruptcy powers.
Makes sense, right?
The agreement would force the city to eliminate certain laws and stop policing for profit.
The court papers said the pair unlawfully used a fake government record \with the intent to defraud or harm others.\
The Democratic hopeful could be wildly underestimating how much it would cost.
An ACLU report finds the racial disparity is even worse in some counties.
The real estate mogul just picked up an endorsement from a major evangelical leader.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Sanders appeared to lower expectations about his performance in the Iowa caucuses.
A \u201csuper PAC\u201d founded by the former TD Ameritrade executive Joe Ricketts is spending more than $600,000 on a television ad
The Supreme Court turned away its request for attorney fees.
\u201cThe Party Decides,\u201d the 2008 book by the political scientists Marty Cohen, David Karol, Hans Noel and John Zaller, has probably
California is the largest insurance market in the United States and sixth-largest in the world.
\u201cMental health should be treated as part of health care, and should be available to all people,\ Bernie Sanders said.
Last night Hillary Clinton was asked what president inspired her the most. She offered up Abraham Lincoln, gave a boilerplate
\Have you ever had a speck of dirt fly into your eye? ... Eventually it blinds you with all its filth,\ Paul said.
Better watch out, D-Money.
They're like two peas in a pod. \ud83d\udc6c
The court was open for business while most of Washington wasn't.
\I have no doubt that Marco Rubio is ready today to lead this country, to serve and lead as our president, and to bring us together.\
Just seven more states are needed to convene meeting for new amendments.
Cruz's opposition to ethanol mandates puts him in a place you would never expect to find him.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\Didn't matter what happened, he made the decision this wasn't going to be a big storm,\ said Mayor Patrick Rosenello.
\One of the most disturbing aspects of this campaign has been the language of Republican candidates, particularly their frontrunner.\
Hillary Clinton is leading by a razor-thin margin.
Who run the world?
Don't assume people with permits to carry firearms have had weapons safety training.
Finally.
Romney thought talking about his personal wealth would make him sound arrogant.
The drug war's harsh sentencing has led to serious overcrowding, a new report says.
The epidemic has taken a particularly ruinous hold in the nation's first primary state, and the candidates are listening.
And to think drugmakers were worried about the Democrats.
\Dr. Califf's extensive ties to the pharmaceutical industry give me no reason to believe that he would make the FDA work for ordinary Americans, rather than just the CEOs of pharmaceutical companies.\
Trump's campaign said the endorsement came because Falwell thought Trump could \lead our country to greatness again.\
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The Iowa caucuses take place on Feb. 1.
Challengers said the law remains discriminatory and could give election workers too much discretion.
Stop digging, Governor. You\u2019re violating the Rule of Holes
New Hampshire polls seem fairly stable by comparison.
\I've never been afraid to stand up for ordinary citizens whose voices are drowned out by special interests, big corporations, and powerful insiders.\
Americans share their hopes, fears and frustrations in interviews from the campaign trail.
One of Bernie Sanders' top advisers fired back at President Barack Obama's remarks about the state of the 2016 presidential
Perry dropped out of the 2016 race in September.
The former Maryland governor takes the Democratic frontrunner to task on climate change.
Last week I critiqued Bernie Sanders for dismissing reparations specifically, and for offering up a series of moderate anti
Race is \the single greatest determinant of what happened in Flint,\ one lawmaker said.
Management at the prominent liberal think tank voluntarily recognized the union and will start bargaining.
The end of political parties as we know them.
The document reveals gaps of intelligence on WMD. Why didn\u2019t the Pentagon chief share it?
Discrimination in the state is still legal. Some lawmakers want that to change.
\I think you're just making it up,\ the New Jersey governor said.
The president weighs in on the heated Democratic presidential race.
Volunteers will be delivering water to crisis pregnancy centers for \expecting moms and moms of little ones,\ according to Cruz's campaign.
Ground control to Major John.
The Justice Department has long warned officers about the dangers of \positional asphyxia.\
#Bernie'sYearning
Under the Constitution, those sentenced as minors to mandatory life imprisonment without the possibility of parole may get a new day in court.
They didn't discuss her chances of becoming Jeb's running mate, though.
He decided to change sides after a 20-minute conversation with the Vermont senator.
The letter reportedly comes from behind bars.
America looks different in 2016 than it did the last time Hillary Clinton ran for president
Claire McCaskill is wittily live-tweeting her experience.
For Cruz, the pool of really big donors is far more concentrated.
\u201cI don't think the people of the country want to give more money to billionaires at this point.\
The scale of government neglect in the water crisis in Flint, Mich., could place the city alongside some of the most infamous
Former Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown, who made an unsuccessful run for a New Hampshire Senate seat in 2014, said he believes
That soft flapping sound you hear is the Grand Old Party waving the flag of surrender to Trump. Party elites \u2014 what\u2019s left
Podhoretz is not a fringe figure. He is closer to the left wing of conservative-movement thought than the right wing. Even
Wonder whose yuuuge tax returns he has in mind.
\If Donald Trump wins, it's going to be a snowball to hell.\
Clinton has often addressed Starkey Hearing Technologies and its foundation -- but this is his first time since executives have been accused of massive wrongdoing.
He talks about poverty, jobs and voting instead.
The Michigan governor's administration is largely to blame for the disaster. Oops.
The storm was the second-biggest in New York City history.
\Rich, powerful, that sort of stuff\u201d is how teenage Cruz described his life's aspirations.
Doris Kearns Goodwin, Pulitzer Prize-winning historian of the press, politics and presidents, explains a journalism fiasco.
Only recently have academics gotten the ability to use data to test how well legislatures represent the people they ostensibly serve. So far, the evidence hasn't been kind. That's academic for
Presidential hopeful Marco Rubio has made a huge push to gain millennial supporters this past week, most notably his ad released Tuesday. The ad features a group of millennials, who are all concerned about differing issues facing the country and believe that Sen. Rubio is the answer.
DAVOS, SWITZERLAND -- This week, while candidates \squirmished\ in advance of Iowa, more than 2,000 global leaders gathered here for the World Economic Forum. The theme was The Fourth Industrial Revolution -- the coming era of automation and smart technology -- and what business can do to help meet the big challenges ahead of us. The dominant refrain was the need for business leaders to put purpose at the center of the definition of business itself. It's a shift, already underway, with the power to not only improve the world but also boost the bottom line. As Unilever CEO Paul Polman put it, \investing in the common good, investing in the long term, is a better investment than just your short-term self-interest.\ What came through loud and clear this year was a growing realization that companies that chase short-term profits at the expense of social responsibility won't last very long. It's not just a better and more enlightened way forward; it's the only way forward.
Hundreds stood in line in freezing temperatures for Donald Trump's event, to risk the chance of being turned away at the door. \n\nDonald Trump spoke at Central College in Pella. Although he was 40 minutes late to his own event, attendees didn't seem to mind until some of them were turned away. \n\n\It feels like a rollercoaster and you're going to get to the end of the line, it's going to feel like it's closed, or you're not tall enough,\ said Ben Moore.
Iowa has a choice between one candidate who understands the reality we face in the world today and has the experience to handle it; and the other whose policies suggest he believes in an alternative reality and a record with a distinct lack of real accomplishments.
Iowa State University students flocked to Florida Sen. Marco Rubio's town hall meeting in Ames on Saturday, hoping to find a Republican presidential candidate they could support. Most either arrived as Rubio fans or emerged from the town hall supporting him.  And though many of his policy platforms resonated with the millennial voters, their main attraction to Rubio seemed to be his character.
The Des Moines Register has been endorsing candidates ahead of Iowa's presidential caucuses since 1988, but when it announces
Those stuck included a college men's basketball team.
The endorsements come nine days before the state's caucuses.
Galled by Donald J. Trump\u2019s dominance of the Republican field, and troubled by Hillary Clinton\u2019s stumbles and the rise of
Grassley has said he won't be making any endorsements ahead of the Iowa caucuses.
The answer says as much about the state of American politics as it does about Sanders.
Snow continues to cover 20 states.
The city's leaders didn't start this mess.
Damn.
A spending bill passed last year also lifted a sledding ban on the hill.
He's ready.
Does the rise of The Donald and Bernie mean that money in politics isn't really a problem? No, it does not.
More than 85 million people in at least 20 states were affected by a winter weather warning, watch or advisory.
Their net worth has more than doubled since the president was elected.
New York Times pundit Tom Friedman apparently doesn't understand that the idea that \died in 1989\ was Communism. Senator Bernie Sanders, the \socialist\ he's referring to, isn't a Communist.
Despite its significance, we are just days away from the \first in the nation\ Iowa caucuses and the direction of this election is still very much \up in the air\ and about as confusing as any in recent memory. Iowa, therefore, will be important.
David Brooks, one of the most prominent of Republican elites in the country, who has even been touted as President Obama's \favorite pundit,\ is calling on the donor class to rescue the party from the rabble. Game's over, voters
A full 22 conservative thinkers (although, with the likes of Glenn Beck and William Kristol in the mix, we do of necessity use that term quite broadly) all weighed in on why Donald Trump is a terrible candidate for Republicans to consider making their presidential nominee, and why Trump is an all-around terrible human being.
Sifting through a presidential candidate's website is one of the more accessible ways to delve into the minds of those running to be the leader of the United States. But some of their websites don't dive very deep into how they plan to address the current issues facing society. Here, 20-year-old me will dig into how the top ten Republican candidates' websites confront the issues and provide them a letter grade based on their detail and variety.
It's pretty easy to understand. Unless you're trying not to.
In the stronger, older tradition of campaigns based on ideas and programs rather than personalities, candidates run to build power, and use idealistic language to explain why that power matters.  Then, if they get to govern, they use it.
The ruling stems from a lawsuit filed by two abortion providers who said the 2015 law is an unconstitutional burden on women seeking to end their pregnancies.
The U.S. Supreme Court, without explanation Thursday evening, said it had denied a request by Brooks' attorney to halt the execution.
That is, if the Supreme Court allows it.
A prosecutor withdrew the charges without explanation as trial was about to begin.
As the election of 2008 approached, America was in crisis. And as we would soon learn, that crisis would not go to waste
Sense and the Constitution be damned.
The takeover is costing taxpayers hundreds of thousands of dollars, the Oregon governor says.
With a little over a week to go, both Democratic and Republican caucuses look closer than ever
Hardly anyone is basing their own vote on electability, though.
After giving it a lot of thought, Jeb's mommy has endorsed her second-born.
Ted Cruz has made his mark in the Senate by making enemies. Now, those enemies are coming back to bite him by working against
Online FEC records dating back to 1997 show he's given to just two candidates.
An early contender for 2016's most superfluous campaign story.
Another conservative talking point is falling apart.
Overturning the decision is more complicated than the senator lets on.
\I wouldn't call them experts anymore,\ Gov. Rick Snyder said.
The singer joins a slew of celebrities who have campaigned for Clinton.
The Democratic presidential hopefuls haven't been asked about abortion in any of the debates so far.
Wednesday's sick-out shuttered more than 85 of roughly 100 schools and was timed to coincide with President Barack Obama's visit to Detroit.
Racist, sexist, liar
Bob Dole, the former Kansas senator and 1996 Republican presidential nominee, has never been fond of Senator Ted Cruz of
Sen. Ed Markey (D-Mass.) vowed to get a provision on the chamber floor before the end of the year.
The president said he understands why residents are outraged at the breakdown in government.
At aid distribution points across the Michigan city, thousands of people adjust to new reality
They're both populist movements, according to this former presidential adviser.
The former president is starting to get more deeply involved in his wife's campaign. And he's getting worried.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Someone finally stood up for America's oppressed uber-wealthy and big business.
Marco Rubio had long planned an ambitious Iowa advertising assault in the weeks leading up to the caucuses, but his campaign
Hillary Clinton has elevated the \Charleston loophole\ to national prominence. But efforts to close it face an uphill battle.
Award-winning author Ursula K. Le Guin has lived in Oregon for more than half a century, and has regularly visited the region
\At this point it certainly is realistic.\
Gov. Kate Brown said the occupation has cost Oregon taxpayers nearly half a million dollars.
Addressing business leaders, Biden noted that economic progress is not possible unless women feel secure.
That's how the former presidential candidate rates GOP chances if the current front-runners win the nomination.
Watch out, God.
\Our economy is rigged to work great for those with money and power, while everyone else gets left behind \u2014 and Bob is doing everything he can to change that.\u201d
Walter Jones says fundraising has \gotten out of hand\ in Washington.
The EPA said it will take greater control after failures by local and state government.
The district said it has no choice but to close schools when teachers don't report to work.
Now we *know* he's tough.
Hispanic children are the fastest-growing segment of America's population.
Adopting a GOP budget just got a lot tougher with projections of the first deficit increase since Democrats controlled Congress.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Washington (CNN) --\u00a0The emails on Hillary Clinton's private server contained classified intelligence from some of the U.S
Steyer is one of the party's biggest donors.
Mind who you're aiming at, Jeb!
Expectations are low for this year's crop of presidential hopefuls.
It's time for some word games, folks.
Corporations won't be able to head off class action lawsuits by simply making a money offer to plaintiffs.
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, Flint Mayor Karen Weaver and Baltimore\u2019s Stephanie Rawlings-Blake were in attendance.
The Senate majority leader really doesn't want the White House to require campaign finance disclosure
\Swipe right and let\u2019s talk.\
\When you speak up, you change the terms of the debate.\
Rigged questions and exaggerated results sometimes look convincing.
\We want to know whose side is he really on.\
A Supreme Court ruling has left the state's judicial system with a lot of question marks.
Police violence directly caused or played a role in 1,126 deaths in 2015, the most on record.
The former labor secretary has become the most entertaining critic of the nation\u2019s unequal economy.
Facing a tougher than expected challenge from Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, Hillary Clinton\u2019s campaign is preparing
The Defense Secretary is looking to put the clamp down on misbehaving generals. Pentagon insiders say Petraeus could be the
And they're wondering why more Republicans don't condemn Trump's racism.
Chris Christie said he didn\u2019t think \self-deportation\u201d would work. It sounds like he does now.
James Hill, 34, allegedly attacked a former co-worker in May.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The \Daily Show\ host is picking up speed as successor to Stewart and Colbert rival, and not a moment too soon
Because what will turn the tide is a 14-minute YouTube documentary that's being mailed to voters.
The Vermont senator\u2019s political imagination is active against plutocracy, but why is it so limited against white supremacy
Karen Weaver says Clinton is the only presidential candidate from either party who has reached out amid the city's water crisis.
CENTER BARNSTEAD, N.H. \u2014 Ted Cruz on Tuesday dismissed Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad as a crony capitalist who is part of the
LANDSTUHL, Germany \u2014 Jason Rezaian, the Washington Post reporter freed Saturday after almost 18 months of incarceration in
\I cannot wait for the water to get there to help these people who have been poisoned,\ the pop star said.
He's also said it would be a \gift\ for the undocumented immigrants themselves.
Meet the young political operatives who help reveal the 2016 presidential candidates' true natures.
A former Navy SEAL who shot Osama bin Laden and wrote a bestselling book about the raid is now the subject of a widening
The justices left in place a ruling that had struck down the law.
Millions of Americans don't even know they're getting ripped off.
\You have a right to believe whatever you want,\ Rubio said.
The justices already ruled the law constitutional. They're done for now.
Flint's mayor endorsed Clinton on Tuesday.
Paul boycotted the debate because his low poll numbers placed him in the undercard round instead of on the main stage.
And he managed to blame everyone but Michigan's Republican governor.
The senator from Vermont said his program would save $6 trillion over the next 10 years when compared with the current system.
Bernie Sanders threw Hillary Clinton some serious shade. \ud83d\udc40
Civil rights leaders, presidential candidates pay homage to MLK in South Carolina.
\u201cThe policing needs to change.\
\I have avoided doing that. I am trying to run an issue-oriented campaign.\
\He has voted with the National Rifle Association, the gun lobby, numerous times.\
The word \black\ came up only twice in the GOP debate
The billionaire brothers are championing criminal-justice reform. Has their formula changed?
Until very recently, nobody had any cause to regret Bernie Sanders\u2019s presidential campaign. Sanders is earnest and widely
Clinton accused Sanders of calling President Obama \disappointing.\
The three Democratic presidential candidates made misleading claims on health care, energy and guns.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
And it\u2019s not gender, age, income, race or religion.
Finally.
All three Democratic hopefuls are participating.
The revolving door doesn't swing only at the Pentagon.
\The hill that she has to climb on ... it's just a different hill than men have to climb.\
If the current president has had trouble himself addressing police brutality concretely, it's very likely President Sanders will have some trouble, too.
After getting stores into gentrifying neighborhoods, the megaretailer will no longer build two stores destined for underserved communities.
It's not a \HOPE\ poster, but it's something.
But Bernie Sanders still has a shot, despite Hillary Clinton's huge lead.
With two weeks until the caucuses, Rubio hasn't given up on this key voting block.
\That flag always belonged in a museum, not at the statehouse.\
The proposal comes after days of sparring with Clinton.
What else would you expect?
A top surrogate for Hillary Clinton is prepping a new attack in an intensifying and increasingly personal war against rival
\You can't make deals with people like that.\
Yes, really.
The presidential candidates are debating for the last time before voters go to the polls.
Hypocrisy alert!
A top surrogate for Hillary Clinton was reportedly planning to call for the records' release.
Guns don't kill people. Guns kill ISIS.
Hillary Clinton is \delighted\ he \flip-flopped\ on a law shielding gun manufacturers and dealers from lawsuits.
America's allies in the Muslim world don't want the Iranians to sit with them.
The president waited to speak about the deal until the American prisoners were en route, an official said.
The move comes less than 24 hours after a prisoner exchange between the two countries.
The six lawmakers told the Iranian ambassador to the U.N. that the \wrongly imprisoned Americans\ needed to be released.
She called Obama na\u00efve in '08, he reminded viewers.
But he still hates it.
\We actually shook hands, thinking we had an agreement,\ the secretary of state said.
They say the United States is hostile toward Mexicans.
But he's still really into it, whatever it is.
TEN YEARS AGO TODAY, on January 17, 2006, California executed Clarence Ray Allen, the oldest person ever put to death in
Clinton's support has cooled down since last month.
Cruz also said it sets a \very dangerous precedent.\
Unfortunately, President Barack Obama said she's never running for office.
Will Iran continue to comply with the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) regulations? Will the extra cash, coming out of sanctions relief, trickle down to the Iranian people?
Our nation's first leaders fought bitterly over everything, but they agreed that certain principles were so fundamental to our character as a nation as to be inalienable.

This week was a study in contrasting visions for the country. On Tuesday, President Obama gave his last State of the Union address, inviting us to end the \rancor and suspicion\ that have enveloped us. That invitation was soundly rejected two nights later in the Republican presidential debate, which featured little but rancor and suspicion
Like it or not, a country the size of Iran, which is enmeshed in several regional crises, can neither be ignored nor forced into submission without disastrous consequences.
The American primary system for the nomination of presidential and congressional candidates, a system never mentioned in the constitution, has allowed populist anger to be exploited into a veto on foreign policy.  Primaries, as they have evolved with the assistance of social media, have become an exercise that grants extraordinary electoral power to the dissatisfied and to the extremes.
Police say Kenneth Medenbach was driving a government vehicle stolen from the occupied wildlife refuge.
The presidential candidate said that an apology was not enough.
It's important to the president and to Congress, \and when you have that kind of convergence, things often happen.\
Polls in Iowa show a neck-and-neck battle between the two Republican frontrunners.
Photographers have already submitted over 5,000 images to be used for the \Chronicle Ferguson\ project.
Advisers to Hillary Clinton, including former President Bill Clinton, believe that her campaign made serious miscalculations
The U.S. is set to release seven Iranians in exchange.
... and why we're glad we did.
Six of the seven are dual U.S.-Iranian nationals.
No one had ever reported that Nosratollah Khosravi-Roodsari was in an Iranian prison.
VIENNA, Jan 16 (Reuters) - The U.N. nuclear watchdog on Saturday said Iran had put in place all nuclear measures required
The sanctions have cut off a nation of nearly 80 million from the global financial system.
No white person in modern history has been executed for killing a black person in the state.
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder (R) had asked Obama to declare an emergency.
Jason Rezaian is coming home.
They also criticized him for not doing enough to free them.
Bernie has pulled out all the stops in an effort to court Latinos, but many are still unfamiliar with the left-leaning democratic socialist. If he wishes to solidify his support among Latinos, Bernie must broaden his definition of \political revolution\
Chelsea really doesn't have much to stand on when it comes to politics. I suppose that, as the daughter of both a former U.S. president and a potential U.S. president, she is somewhat credible by association, but what does that truly net?
Unfortunately, Chelsea Clinton misrepresented Senator Sanders' position, and her premiere performance on the stump backfired, producing a flood of political donations to Sanders.
The winner of the Most Disappointing Democrat Of The Week award was none other than Chelsea Clinton. There's a word for what she is doing, and it is called \fearmongering.\
President Obama's valedictory State of the Union last week brimmed with optimism. Refraining from a traditional laundry list of policy proposals, he stayed rooted in big themes about America, our future and the challenges ahead. He spoke eloquently about how our democracy is built upon \voices of unarmed truth and unconditional love.\
Flint's water is still not safe to drink.
The justices agreed to hear the gifty gov's appeal over whether his \official action\ amounted to corruption.
A Texas billionaire who has played a key role in boosting Ted Cruz's presidential campaign \u2014 including donating millions
Ouch.
Last spring, Austin found itself in the national spotlight when news broke about a training session held with the intent
Donald Trump said \the police are the most mistreated people in this country.\
Republicans dig deep to say something nice about the president.
\The New York Times and I don't exactly have the warmest of relationships.\
The topic didn't come up much at either the Republican or Democratic debates last month.
Women, and issues that particularly affect them, did not come up.
\Is this America anymore?\
Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum offered a spirited defense of mass deportations at Thursday's Republican undercard
Things got pretty heated.
\I\u2019d like to interrupt this debate in the Senate to answer the actual question you asked, which is on entitlements.\
Hillary Clinton's campaign has spent the past few days indulging its worst instincts.
One of the president's stated goals meshes with John Sarbanes' plan to chase extremists from the public square.
It's unclear when tap water in the Michigan city will be safe to drink.
Nate Silver\u2019s new primary forecasts provide insight into candidates' odds of winning. Plus a look at all the latest polling in Iowa and New Hampshire.
New Year's resolutions, but for Congress.
New legislation would nix unhealthy items from property owned by the city of San Francisco.
He said previously that he'd ruled out Ted Cruz, too.
Al Gore talked him off that cliff.
He thought he was in line for a more senior role.
Not again.
Whaaaaaaaat?
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
By Steve Holland and James Oliphant NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (Reuters) - Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump
\They didn't think they were violating the man's rights at the time.\
The U.S. Bureau of Reclamation has supported additional groundwater extraction in the San Joaquin Valley, where aquifer depletion
Forget the rest of the country -- this is the ultimate 2016 matchup that no one saw coming except us. (Also, not really us either.)
Here's something that Barack Obama and Nikki Haley can agree on.
Here we go...
The Nation, the self-described \flagship of the left,\ is feeling the Bern.
The ideas may not be novel, but the Democratic candidate has laid out a comprehensive and progressive labor agenda.
As Ted Cruz tells it, the story of how he financed his upstart campaign for the United States Senate four years ago is an
While the United States has failed to significantly reduce its annual rate of gun deaths, other high income countries have
After laughing off the businessman's barbs, while courting his supporters, the Texas senator abruptly shifts tactics.
Don't harsh their buzz, man.
It's the first time the Republicans have gotten together this year.
\Please do not take the constitution of Puerto Rico away from the people of Puerto Rico.\
The gloves are coming off.
The tension between the two candidates has been rising, and might make for a fiery debate.
He's got a good idea, but it requires action from the Republican Congress.
Juan and Manuel Salvador Orozco Cadena, a pair of fishermen from Baja California, Mexico, pushed off from Punta Lobos on
Lisa Martin's letter expressed her fears for her newborn son.
She was against it, before she was for it, before she didn't vote on it.
No pit stops, no gas station runs -- and if you're not careful, you could find yourself stranded at a diner.
Legislators voted to \indefinitely postpone\ the measure. In other words, it's dead.
Democrats appear to have the votes to override their GOP governor.
The provider called the series of videos an \elaborate, illegal conspiracy in order to block women\u2019s access to safe and legal abortion.\
\I just think it's important to fight this fight.\
Jeb Bush has a plan to spend his way to a win. But GOP party elites, they just don't get it, man.
Cruz has criticized Wall Street bailouts and the influence of big banks in Washington.
Clinton added that two other people close to the family have also died from drug overdose.
On Oct. 15 the leading lights of the House Financial Services Committee, Republican and Democrat, arrived in Bern, Switzerland
The White House is defending the policy, which has created a rift with congressional Democrats.
The speech starts at 9 p.m. EST.
South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley issues call for calm in wake of anti-immigrant rhetoric.
Union advocates had hoped the conservative justice would lend them a hand in a big labor case.
Kentucky's Son Of Liberty is bound by a pledge he made, after all.
\At the end of the day, family matters. Intimate relationships matter,\ the governor said.
You'd think they could name their own candidate, but apparently all of America is confused.
So much for that.
With friends like these...
He highlighted malaria and HIV/AIDS instead, the other two diseases the Global Fund was established to fight.
Ryan practiced his poker face.
It's all about bringing people clean water.
There weren't many.
He paused to take one final look at the House chamber.
Despite the omission, some members of Congress said a direct reference wasn't necessary.
\When politicians insult Muslims, when a mosque is vandalized, or a kid bullied, that doesn\u2019t make us safer.\
Lots of creativity here for $1.5 billion.
LOL
Joe Manchin says the president's FDA nominee is too close to painkiller-pushing Big Pharma.
West coast youth still love the president.
\I'll send them a letter and we'll call it a day.\
NEW ORLEANS \u2014 Striding up the sidewalk of one of this city\u2019s most affluent neighborhoods on Monday evening, S. Scott Sewell
Obama's chief of staff says there's a \fundamental injustice\ to people serving life sentences for non-violent drug offenses.
Critics have accused the administration of a hemispheric bias against Central American refugees.
And with that, he also called for making two-year community colleges free.
This will make her popular with conservatives. (Or not.)
Violence is not the answer. Activism is.
\I\u2019ve seen something like gay marriage go from a wedge issue used to drive us apart to a story of freedom across our country.\
The big idea is to help people quickly.
\Ask Osama bin Laden.\
As adjuncts organize, Catholic schools are seeking religious exemptions from labor law. Professors say the schools are violating their own core principles.
The losers usually have the best tales to tell.
Obama touched on gun control, the economy and climate change in the speech.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Clinton \is the candidate that we need in the White House\ to continue \the progress of President Obama,\ Holder said.
Darrell Jones has been in prison for 30 years for a crime he says he didn't commit.
The president's proposal is popular with Americans of both parties, but easily politicized.
As did criminal justice reform.
AMES, Iowa (AP) \u2014 Facing a narrowing primary contest, Hillary Clinton ripped into rival Bernie Sanders on Tuesday, saying
Who knew?
As President Barack Obama prepares to deliver his last State of the Union address, you should prepare to get soused.
Hecklers called him boring.
Just to clarify, women do own businesses in Iowa.
Many of them are fleeing the ongoing violence in Central America.
Get ready to vote on his Muslim ban.
If they can get anything done at all.
It's part of her plan to raise taxes on the rich.
This one follows an endorsement from former Rep. Gabby Giffords and her husband, Mark Kelly.
Richard Scavone allegedly used excessive force in an arrest.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The congressman called Obama \most pro-abortion president ever.\
\I don't have trouble switching off when it comes to Malia and Sasha.\
Although Ted Cruz has insisted he will not personally attack Donald Trump as the race for the Republican nomination heats
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott (R) proposed a series of constitutional amendments on Friday that would so fundamentally alter our
The competition is heating up.
There are still lots of problems, but things are getting better.
\I\u2019m winning against Hillary one on one, and I haven\u2019t even started on her yet.\
In 1997, Michael Wayne Haley was arrested after stealing a calculator from Walmart.
Obama will give his final State of the Union address on Tuesday.
Campaign finance reformers want the president to crack down on dark money, but they don't have high hopes.
The 1.3 million-member union says Clinton is its candidate.
The process for determining a designated survivor is kind of quirky.
There's a reason this was such a well-kept secret on Capitol Hill.
The town's website says the emblem depicts a friendly wrestling match between village founder Hugh White and an Oneida Indian.
They'll talk about issues facing minorities.
Hypocrisy much?
The legislation only applies to interns in the federal government, but a companion bill would protect interns in the private sector, too.
The appeals court's decision overturns an Idaho man's conviction for violating the Stolen Valor Act.
Are you tired of last week's \Marco Rubio wears heeled boots\ meme? Jeb Bush is betting that you're not!
\This case has ingredients I've spent my life working on.\
The officer fired twice, hitting the 29-year-old in the back last May.
\u201cCan you believe that we\u2019re both sitting in this Oval Office?\u201d
The ad targeted Hillary Clinton and took aim at Weiner in the process.
After the 2014 protests, he had launched a campaign to raise money for damaged businesses in the city.
Eric Fanning will take another job at the Pentagon while he waits.
Plummeting costs for renewable energy have finally made solar and wind a viable alternative to fossil fuels.
Standing on the snowy lawn in between Burlington's City Hall and Main Street on a 20-degree January night, Theresa Fassett
Can Jeb fix it? \Hell if I know.\
\We simply can't afford to elect a Republican who refuses even to acknowledge the problem of senseless gun violence.\
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Wait, does Donald Trump actually have a point?
The ruling would undo nearly 40 years of precedent in labor relations.
No scenario is too wild for 2016.
How could we ever forget Sen. Marco Rubio's bottled water incident?
CNN borrows the \Royal Tenenbaums\ director's trusted tricks.
On March 23, 2010, President Barack Obama signed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, the 906-page health care
A new batch released on Friday shows that she instructed an aide in 2011 to send her a memo by email after it could not be sent by secure fax.
When Mark Davis' clients install solar panels, their energy costs drop by about a third -- \so 30 percent is going back into the community.\
\It's become soft, like our country has become soft.\
Sen. Jim Inhofe famously brought a snowball to the Senate floor to show climate change is a \hoax.\
A ruling is due by the end of June.
Hold onto your butts.
\We didn\u2019t legalize anybody,\ he said.
\I don\u2019t intend to send jackboots to knock on your door,\ Cruz said.
President Obama is taking a dramatic step to show he opposes Republican efforts to slow or halt the admission of refugees
The next president, he says, deserves his own authorization.
Instead, he supports revising the bill.
She called Clinton the only candidate who \has the determination and toughness to stand up to the corporate gun lobby.\
\He's got to have this thing worked out.\
In August, LaVoy Finicum \u2014 one of the men occupying a wildlife preserve in Oregon \u2014 published Only by Blood and Suffering
Obama pledged during the 2008 presidential election campaign that he would close the military prison.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) \u2014 The U.S. Navy on Saturday released footage it said showed Iranian Revolutionary Guard
Legal, political and media scandals collided.
The president will deliver his final address to Congress on Tuesday.
Lyndon Johnson didn't actually call me a liar, but he said there was no truth to my  story that Foley, who died Dec. 30 at the age of 87 at his home in Whitefish, Mont., had submitted his resignation as Assistant Secretary of Commerce and director of the Economic Development Administration in 1966.
Merely stopping employers from forbidding employees to disclose their pay to co-workers will do almost nothing to close the decades-old 21 percent pay gap between women and men working full-time, year round.
Ohio Sen. Rob Portman is backing his state's governor in the GOP primary.
IT\u2019S now safe to pick up your phones and read your emails. That\u2019s right, I won\u2019t be calling to ask you to donate to my congressional
Officer Matthew Taylor was cleared of wrongdoing last year -- but newly released footage has investigators asking questions.
This week, Austin State Hospital, a psychiatric facility in Texas, pulled down the \u201cno guns\u201d signs that had long been posted
On Friday, NBC News released the criteria for its January 17 debate -- the Democrats' last before the primary voting season
Signs saying \no guns\ in state-run psych hospitals had to come down.
Trump supporters cheered as flight attendant Rose Hamid was forced to end her silent protest.
Hint
The GOP presidential candidate said he punishes his daughter when \she says something she knows to be false.\
The Republican Party is facing a historic split over its fundamental principles and identity, as its once powerful establishment
Daryl Johnson once worked in the branch of the Department of Homeland Security that studied the threats posed by antigovernment
Union membership has been falling for years. It may drop even more after this case.
While the main trend in Berlin after the Wall came down was for all of the city to become influenced by the freer public sphere that existed on the Checkpoint Charlie side, in Hong Kong, the opposite kind of trend, that of a free zone getting more constrained rather than a controlled becoming less controlled.
From Soccer Moms to Joe the Plumber, we embrace a neat moniker for an electoral trend. But the return of the Security Mom is, like much fear over terrorism, a red herring to the most present threat to American mothers' security
\I did not create the image, but I did share it, which was in bad taste. I regret that decision.\
He noted that the GOP had tried to weaken or get rid of the act over 50 times.
Even as I continue to take every action possible as president, I will also take every action I can as a citizen. I will not
Marco Rubio has opened up new lines of attack against New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie
The Texas senator isn't happy his citizenship eligibility for president is being questioned.
Facebook, Twitter, Apple, Microsoft and YouTube will attend the meeting with intelligence agencies to discuss terrorists
It's part of a bigger push from the president on gun control.
Officials say the immigrant women and children being picked up are within its priorities for enforcement.
The GOP contender says we should evaluate those from countries with \high concentrations of radical Islamic terrorism.\
Take that, poverty!
One of the most parsed moments in President Barack Obama\u2019s speech unveiling his executive actions on guns on Tuesday was
\This isn't the issue you're looking for.\
The fiery GOP candidate generates strong emotions in support and opposition, which presents Republicans with a dilemma.
Just a year ago, Clinton said it wasn't politically feasible.
Olivia Pope was not there.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The move seems geared toward positioning him as the more serious and conservative Republican candidate in the field.
Six sheriff's deputies have been placed on restrictive duty.
In 2015 California's second-largest city engaged in a prolonged series of disputes over water. San Diego continued a number
The powerful billionaire also criticized Donald Trump and Ted Cruz.
\You'd think they'd be willing to have a debate with the president,\ Obama said.
Three incarcerated women accused the man of forcing them into sex.
The timing may be \bittersweet,\ but Murphy believes Obama's executive actions will significantly expand the effectiveness of background checks.
The administration will leave a seat empty in the first lady's box to honor victims of gun violence.
But the real contrast is with Republicans, who oppose paid leave guarantees altogether.
A petition asking President Barack Obama to grant a pardon earned over 100,000 signatures.
The GOP's repeal party was short-lived.
The CDC can't research gun violence. These four lawmakers think that's ridiculous.
Jan. 18 is the first of 16 admission-free days at national parks this year.
The governor said men with names like \D-Money\ come to the state and \impregnate a young white girl before they leave.\
There are some historical gems in the New York Public Library's recently released collection.
Plus a round-up of the latest polling stories from around the web.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) \u2014 Authorities said Thursday that two people have been arrested on terrorism-related charges in California
And it's damaging her campaign.
Clinton said that the court's composition \could undermine virtually every pillar of the progressive movement.\
Jay Inslee appears to be the first governor in the nation to take action after an announcement earlier this week by President Barack Obama on gun control.
Huge scoop on the super-effective ways Jeb's super PAC is spending donors' money.
The raids have picked up 121 people the administration says have received final deportation orders.
Is it Election Day yet?
Missouri is the Show-Me State, after all.
In a new documentary series, HuffPost goes deep inside the nation's first presidential primary contest.
Kaye was an early advocate for same-sex marriage and had a reputation as a reformer and consensus-builder.
Sorry, rich white men.
He still thinks Trump is a \jerk\ though.
There's currently no way to strip someone of the prestigious award.
He says a task force will tell us later what he knew and when.
The state's corn lobby and voters have pushed the candidate to clarify his stance on ethanol.
When it comes to repealing Obamacare, the 62nd time is the charm \u2013 sort of.
The horse's name is Hellboy.
The Republican front-runner plays along with a New Hampshire supporter who touts the inaccurate claim about the president's faith.
She joined other Democrats in expressing concern about the raids.
She upset reproductive rights supporters Wednesday.
Antonio Zambrano-Montes was shot by three patrolmen on Feb. 10, 2015 during a confrontation that was recorded by a passerby and posted online.
\It is time to pass the torch to our next conservative voice,\ the congressman said.
The open enrollment period ends on Jan. 31.
\I actually think he was sincere.\
The leak, first reported in October, has spewed up to 1,200 tons of methane daily.
MANCHESTER, N.H. \u2014 As Chris Christie\u2019s establishment rivals seize on his blue-state governing record, the New Jersey governor
\I often tell people -- and I believe it to be true -- that access to a safe, legal abortion saved my life.\
That's how you tell which candidates Bush, Rubio and Cruz really fear.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
In recent days, Donald Trump has been airing a new complaint
He's presenting himself as an alternative candidate.
The governor's presidential campaign travel is costing New Jersey taxpayers.
Marco Rubio built his presidential campaign upon a strategy that has succeeded many times in the past, and (if betting markets
The success or failure of a farming operation depends hugely on the vagaries of weather and climate. For a farmer, a single
More than half of U.S. women who die in gun homicides are killed by intimate partners or family members.
As Donald Trump once again raises questions about Ted Cruz\u2019s Canadian birth and his eligibility to run for president, Cruz
Those occupying empty federal facilities say they've done nothing wrong.
The families are still in detention.
They're celebrating 71 years together on Wednesday.
The bill would raise the bar for plaintiffs to join a class action, requiring each of them to have \suffered the same type and scope of injury.\
But there's still reason to sympathize with their militant defenders.
The Paiute tribe says the protesters need to leave.
Lord help us.
Residents complained about the water's taste, smell and appearance, and children were found to have elevated levels of lead due to the water supply.
Things just seem better if a Republican does them.
\It is imperative that this unlawful occupation does not escalate into violence.\
\u201cMy testimony sent an innocent person to prison\u2026. I absolutely wanted the earth to swallow me.\u201d
What to know about the push to require everyone \u201cengaged in the business\u201d of gun selling to register as a firearms dealer
With less than a month until Iowa kicks off presidential primary voting, direct attacks among Republican candidates have
The presidential candidate says the U.S. has been exposed to an \economic calamity.\
Ammon Bundy decries federal \tyranny,\ but he sought aid from the government to help his company.
This will be Obama's last State of the Union address.
Where were Syed Farook and Tashfeen Malik between 12:59 p.m. and 1:17 p.m. on Dec. 2, 2015?
She isn't. But Bernie Sanders' campaign just took a cheap shot.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\You said you were here to help the citizens of Harney County. That help ended when a peaceful protest became an armed occupation.\
It's too early to worry about the enthusiasm gap.
High lead levels in Flint's water could have harmed thousands of city kids.
They are engaging in campaign finance machinations the justices once deemed a \wild hypothetical.\
DA Tony Rackauckas requested the U.S. probe hours after a new report ripped his office for a \win at all costs\ mentality.
Both Wall Street and Hillary Clinton came under heavy fire in a heated Manhattan speech.
Now the people get to weigh in on campaign spending.
Hunters nearly exterminated the bears in the 1900s.
A New York Times editorial signals that a progressive cause is going mainstream.
The state has become a quake capital of the world.
Obama's plan would close the gun show loophole that allows people to buy guns without a background check.
\u201cWe don\u2019t have a qualified pool to pull from.\u201d
Donald Trump\u2019s ad begins with a shot of President Obama and Hillary Clinton. Then comes a U.S. battleship launching a cruise
Two spokespeople fired back after the Florida senator accused Clinton of being incompetent and took subtle shots at Cruz
ONE EVENING IN OCTOBER, former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina, Republican candidate for president, hit the stump at an
\u201cYou can\u2019t be lawless.\u201c
The commercial touts his call to block Muslims from entering the United States.
\They don't get any backlash, not on the level that we're getting.\
Church leaders are \deeply troubled\ by reports that Ammon Bundy's Mormon faith inspired the armed seizure.
The bombastic billionaire has reserved TV airtime in early voting states.
The outspoken liberal is in his 14th term representing Seattle.
For a profession that prides itself on honor and discipline, any episodes of abuse cast a pall.
Some of the citizens of Burns back the militants who've occupied a federal building there since Saturday.
A state GOP lawmaker tried to confront the presidential frontrunner about Bill Clinton's assault allegations.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
New York state officials are required to place homeless people in shelters when temperatures dip below freezing.
The real estate mogul's campaign said that using inaccurate footage in a TV ad was \1,000% on purpose.\
The White House press secretary has insisted politics haven't factored into the plan.
But he needs one last thing to happen.
ATLANTA (AP) \u2014 Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal rescinded an executive order trying to stop resettlement of Syrian refugees on Monday
In a new television ad -- his campaign\u2019s first -- Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump shows footage of dozens
New data obtained by the Humane Society shows that nearly nine out of 10 lions hunted in the controversial practice are killed
The president is reportedly readying executive actions to help curb gun violence.
\He\u2019s doing what the American people would like him to do.\
\u201cNew Hampshire tonight has made Bill Clinton the comeback kid.\u201d So said Bill Clinton himself in February 1992, when a second
\We have got more important things to worry about in this country.\
BURNS, Ore. (AP) \u2014 A protest in support of Oregon ranchers facing jail time for arson was followed by an occupation of a
The 2016 GOP presidential hopeful has faced criticism for flip-flopping on gun laws.
Illinois state law currently addresses only the recall of a governor.
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 Donald Trump won't be dissuaded from saying what he thinks simply because Islamic extremists use his words
\u201cSaudi Arabia is our ally, despite the fact that they don\u2019t always behave in a way that we condone,\ Fiorina said.
The men include at least two sons of Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy and have said they'll stay for \years.\
America has succumbed to a vicious cycle in which great wealth translates into political power, which generates even more wealth, and even more power. The result of this vicious cycle is a disenfranchisement of most Americans, and a giant upward distribution of income from the middle class and poor to the wealthy and powerful.
Extremists from America's far right wing have carried out well over half of the deadliest terror attacks on American soil since 9/11. Experts on terrorism agree, but argue that some conservative politicians downplay this fact. The question is why?
Militias are the ancestors of the modern National Guard, not of self-proclaimed \patriots\ who show utter contempt for any form of authority beyond themselves. The extremists playing solider in the woods of Oregon are at best criminals and at worst domestic terrorists, and they need to be identified as such.
Attorney General Eric Schneiderman asserts that the companies are operating an illegal gambling operation within New York.
He drew national attention for his defense of Bill Clinton during the president's impeachment trial.
Most of Sanders' fundraising came through online donations from 2.5 million people during 2015.
Conservative establishment will never figure this out unless they start talking honestly about their base and race
It\u2019s now 2016, the final year of Barack Obama\u2019s presidency.
One evening in the 1960s, Donald J. Trump, still in college but eager to make it big, met his older brother, Freddy, for
The tussle over civil rights and religious freedoms is one of several hot-button issues that could drive states in opposite policy directions.
Despite dozens of past votes to repeal the health law in full or in part, Republicans never before have succeeded in sending a full repeal bill to the White House.
For twenty years now, there have been those who say that this emperor never had any clothes on in the first place. Given
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump is featured in a newly released video from terrorist group al-Shabaab, according
The video shows Trump discussing his plan to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the United States.
He has repeatedly urged Congress to tighten gun laws.
From a polar bear to Michelle's Maui trip with Oprah -- the first family have had some good times in the Aloha State.
Let the bidding begin.
2016 will likely bring more financial misery for the beleaguered island.
If loyalty, anger and support are all key elements in Trump's current dominance of the Republican presidential field, rolling each back - and doing so in a progressive manner - is equally key to ensuring that that dominance does not persist into the general election itself.
The refugee flows have created new realities that are changing the demographic maps of the Middle East and Europe. The sooner we recognize and address the requirements of accommodating ourselves to these new realities the better it will be for the refugees and for their host countries.
He spent 25 years in Congress.
Clinton has prided herself on raising funds from women and donors of small amounts.
The first three nominating contests will produce momentum that will strongly influence later primaries. Pollsters think their reputations are deteriorating. And we\u2019re reinstating a transparency requirement for the polls that HuffPost Pollster aggregates. Happy New Year! This is HuffPollster for Friday, January 1, 2016.
It's a Christmas miracle!
Also, the sky is blue.
The Affordable Care Act won some huge victories in 2015, but there was trouble lurking.
Grade A political pandering.
The president said he can't \sit around and do nothing.\
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump took to Facebook on Thursday morning to thank a right-wing conspiracy website
And is it too late for the Republicans to get off the ride?
With Friday's increases, the new average minimum wage across the 14 affected states rises from $8.50 an hour to just over $9.
\These women have been fighting this battle, off and on, for over 50 years now.\
Timing is working in Trump's favor again.
The start of this New Year finds America at an inflection point as wars and terrorism abroad are echoed in violence, suspicion, and fear at home. How will we meet the moment?
Does there really exist an industry of deeply funded anti-tax lobbyists whose sole purpose is to protect the holdings of their clients? Absolutely -- far from \mistaken,\ that narrative is exactly right. Do they win every fight? Nope, and they lost the one that led the capital gains rate to go up in 2013.
The fate of police officers who kill often rests in the hands of the prosecutors they typically work alongside. Amid calls
After realizing he confused the  slain boy's case with another, the presidential hopeful said that \the process worked.\
The political machine that Charles Koch launched a dozen years ago in a Chicago hotel conference room with 16 other rich
Nearly two-thirds still say they're not making enough money to live comfortably.
\We are proud of our efforts for Dr. Carson and we wish him and his campaign the best of luck.\
Sen. Ted Cruz raised almost $20 million for his presidential campaign in the fourth quarter \u2014 a 66% increase over the previous
Trump used to campaign on his self-confidence and arrogance, but lately his run has the stink of desperation
The New Year's Eve release includes about 5,500 pages of emails.
Obama has repeatedly urged Congress to tighten gun laws.
The big crowds in Iowa have a month to decide whether their support will translate to the voting booth.
\ud83d\ude1e
And some sorry stumbles.
America's healthiest state implements new law with fines for retailers and underage consumers.
A law barring former prisoners from holding certain jobs during their lifetimes \sweeps unnecessarily broadly,\ Pennsylvania judges determined.
Yes, that's the commander-in-chief driving in circles around his front lawn.
Detective Joseph Lemm was killed by a suicide bomber while serving with the Air National Guard in Afghanistan.
He uses the \barbarous practice\ to lecture lawyers on being nicer.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel announced the policy overhaul after police killed two unarmed civilians.
Texas is starting off the new year with a bang
He calls it his \2015 year in review.\
Record-breakingly bad air is likely to worsen as China enters pollution \high season,\ one expert warns.
Illinois and Missouri are seeing the worst flooding in years due to heavy rainfall.
The former governor of New York never made it to the main stage during any of the GOP presidential debates.
With less than five weeks before voters begin weighing in on the 2016 GOP presidential nomination, the establishment contenders
Ohio Gov. John Kasich has secured the support of Ron Burkle, a billionaire investor who has been a prominent supporter of
\u201cSchools will never have enough resources in and of themselves to overcome the barriers of (student) poverty without working with community partners.\
Republican congressional hopeful Dan Innis says the request is \absolutely not a gimmick.\
We're requiring polls in our charts to have key information publicly available.
Yet another campaign shakeup.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The Supreme Court has long been divided on abortion rights.
Jeb Bush\u2019s campaign is deploying nearly all of its staff in its Miami headquarters to early states, staffers were informed
Toby Fischer lives in South Dakota, where just 27 doctors are certified to prescribe buprenorphine -- a medication that blunts
Commonwealth officials are not happy about a legal brief the U.S. filed in a little-noticed Supreme Court case.
\u201cIt will be good for the navy, it will be good for the young ladies, it will be good for the submarine force.\u201d
The island will default on nearly $40 million in debt in January.
Opioid Abuse Rates Outpace Treatment Capacity 2 to 1
Police are investigating.
The Clinton wing of the party is still figuring out what to do with the Warren wing.
\This is not some mission accomplished moment.\
But Gov. Matt Bevin gave few details on how he plans to reshape the state's expanded Medicaid program.
Protesters want Obama to call off the reported plans for raids and Clinton to speak out against them.
A huge methane leak near Los Angeles is spewing tens of thousands of pounds of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere every
The group has targeted and killed members of the Yazidi religion, along with Christians and other religious minorities in Iraq and Syria.
Puerto Rico is suffering from a near decade-long recession with a 45 percent poverty rate and a shrinking tax base due to people leaving the island.
After winning in lower courts, the state wants to stay a winner.
National Security Agency\u2019s targeting of Israeli leaders also swept up the content of private conversations with U.S. lawmakers
During a tour of Iowa this week, Marco Rubio will trot out a new, key supporter
O'Malley isn't pleased with the Democratic National Committee's debate schedule.
The GOP presidential hopeful is planning a \big\ ad blitz.
In an interview with Fox News on Sunday, Rep. Peter King (R-NY) defended a previous call he made for the sort of \u201c24/7 surveillance
Hint
The very richest are able to quietly shape tax policy that will allow them to shield billions in income.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Bad news during one of the busiest travel periods of the year.
\Marco is a rock solid conservative and a leader we can trust.\
The prosecutor made it abundantly clear he wanted the two cops to walk.
\More and more people, including a lot of Republicans, are very, very concerned about what he's saying.\
When the state switched the source of the city's water to save money, it introduced toxic levels of lead.

2015 was, of course, the year of Donald Trump, whose rise has inspired horror among establishment Republicans and, let\u2019s
MARJA, Afghanistan \u2014 As the Afghan convoy entered the battered village, Taliban fighters opened fire. U.S.-trained Afghan
Her comments echo Donald Trump's recent attacks against Clinton.
I think that Donald Trump or any candidate on the other side of the aisle would raise Bill Clinton as somehow a negative
Say goodbye to the only major Republican presidential candidate who publicly accepts mainstream climate science.
Four years after he signed into law some of the most gerrymandered congressional maps in the country, Ohio Gov. John Kasich
Signed by Richard Nixon on Dec. 28, 1975, the act now protects more than 2,000 species worldwide.
Eleven.
Rahm Emanuel was with his family in Cuba.
David Duke's encouraged that Trump's radicalism is giving racists \the courage to speak out\
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
She has called him her \not-so-secret weapon.\
\It begins,\ the Republican presidential hopeful warned.
There's only 11 months until Obama's successor is chosen.
This is not what a \war\ looks like.
We asked a panel of experts to reflect on a truly weird year in politics.
Last year, it was the pope.
\u201cYou name it and I\u2019ll do it.\u201d
Just ask FDR.
The message arrives on my \u201cclean machine,\u201d a MacBook Air loaded only with a sophisticated encryption package. \u201cChange in
Should pot sellers be able to use the nation's banking system as long as marijuana is an illegal drug?
A hearing on the New Mexico case is set for next month.
\Their feud has consequences.\
\You shouldn't have to get arrested to get treatment.\
Loyalists say that after two terms of obstruction, Republicans are getting the anger candidate their rhetoric created.
A class action suit argues that the system treats poor and wealthy suspects differently.
\Face it, Trey Gowdy failed miserably on Benghazi.\
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 The Pentagon says the United States hit Islamic State group targets in Iraq and Syria with 17 airstrikes
Over the past year, the Globe spent time with an East Boston heroin addict as she struggled through recovery and the prospect
Tehran would rather see a Democrat than a Republican as the next U.S. president. At one time there were minimal differences between the parties' views on Iran, but in the last few years the gap has widened.
Twenty-three soldiers of the 7th Cavalry were awarded this Nation's highest honor, The Medal of Honor, for the murder of nearly 300 innocent and unarmed men, women and children.
2015 will be remembered as the year legalization hit bumps most supporters never anticipated. For pro-health advocates that oppose marijuana legalization, it was a year of fantastic victories!
Lawyers representing Guant\u00e1namo Bay detainees who have been held at the camp in Cuba for up to 14 years without charge or
Outside the Beltway, the right is livid with new Speaker Paul Ryan\u2019s trillion-dollar spending deal with Democrats.
After five Republican debates, most Americans know about Donald Trump\u2019s provocative beliefs, like his desires to end birthright
It's one of his favorite Christmas traditions, even though the Marines make him feel \small.\
KANOEHE BAY, HAWAII, Dec 25 (Reuters) - President Barack Obama called the six U.S. troops killed in Afghanistan on Monday
The dustup over a data breach that briefly erupted in the Democratic presidential primary last week isn\u2019t over as far as
The flag is slated to go on display in a Civil War museum.
The death of six U.S. soldiers near Bagram Airbase on December 21 serves as a grim reminder that while Americans worry about ISIS, the country's longest war is now entering its fifteenth year with no end to it in sight.
If our country is truly going to be a leader when it comes to advancing solutions, we will need to build on prior executive actions and have the courage to take them a step further. To do this, we will need a powerful voice in the White House with the experience and leadership to keep moving us in this direction. That is one reason why I am supporting Hillary Clinton for the presidency.
Officials described the damage as minimal.
From Capra's conscientious capitalists, to Bruce Willis' yippee-ki-yay heroics, Christmas flicks help ease our American anxiety
Hillary Clinton\u2019s presidential campaign is building the most expansive fundraising network in recent memory, taking its prospecting
President Obama regularly cites his predecessor's refusal to demonize Muslims or play into the notion of a clash between Islam and the West.
The New Jersey governor and GOP presidential hopeful has been seeking to counter his image among some voters as weak on gun rights.
He also urged Americans to provide others with \love and compassion\ and help people \on society's margins.\
The Federal Election Commission has quietly given the green light to federal candidates who want to solicit contributions
PHOENIX (AP) \u2014 An Arizona man already accused of helping plan an attack on a Prophet Muhammad cartoon contest in Texas in
There's little reason to think Trump is suited to patient, give-and-take negotiation and compromise to get his initiatives through Congress. His style is to bellow, bully, and harangue to get his way.
Meet Emily Engel, an entrepreneur who was already working hard at her business called BX Custom Sewn. She created custom projects for people through her website and Etsy page. Then she came up with the idea of the Lil' Bernie doll.
The principle that one should \love they neighbor as thyself\ is the direct opposite of the kind of right wing philosophy embodied by Ayn Rand and her disciple, Paul Ryan -- and by people like Donald Trump or Ted Cruz.
Gov. Jerry Brown's office announced Thursday that Downey was among 91 people receiving pardons.
While students gripe about the quality of the squishy fruit and fatty burgers that often make their way to cafeteria plates
It was somewhat of a backhanded compliment.
The Obama administration pursued secret communications with elements of Syria\u2019s regime over several years in a failed attempt
It was indeed unusual for Trump.
Another blow to FanDuel and DraftKings.
\We need to take steps to protect children and families seeking refuge here, not cast them out.\
WASHINGTON, Dec 24 (Reuters) - U.S. officials held secret communications with members of President Bashar al-Assad's government
It's a response to the surge of undocumented immigrants fleeing violence in Central America.
He said jobs and education are a lot cheaper than prisons.
Just kidding. He's now saying he's keeping his team in place.
The theft occurred in broad daylight.
\ud83c\udfb6\ud83c\udf84
Almost all the energy produced in the developing country this year came from renewable sources.
Bold new criteria may winnow the main stage field to six candidates, but there's a bigger lifeboat for the losers.
Cruz slammed the paper, saying his children are \out of your league.\
While the rest of the field hopelessly chases megadonors and their unlimited dark money, Trump is having the last laugh.
This time the justices should see rap for what it is
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo signed legislation Tuesday that bans the shackling of pregnant inmates during transportation
Madame Claude could tell you stories.
It's been an exciting year in polling, so we've rounded up the year's top stories. Plus, we've gathered all the holiday surveys you didn\u2019t know you needed to see. This is HuffPollster for Wednesday, December 23, 2015.
The bill's author is adding language to make it more specifically target domestic abusers in his state.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Bush's remarks in New Hampshire may make him more progressive on the issue than Hillary Clinton.
That might be a little bolder than you think.
It's a Festivus for the rest of us -- who aren't the presidential hopeful, that is.
\The party elders would like for him to go away, but the people have decided that he's not going to.\
Brutal.
A new ruling means tea leaves in the trash can be grounds for a drug raid.
As Kenny Bania might say
Christmas Day was one of the initial three federal holidays established.
The Florida State chapter of the NAACP said they \strongly believe the death was due to negligence by the police department and hospital.\
Trump called Hillary Clinton's bathroom break during Saturday's Democratic debate \disgusting.\
\His bigotry, his bluster, his bullying have become his campaign.\
They're appearing in ads set to air during NBA games on Christmas.
\u201cI\u2019m a reform-minded conservative that got to do big things. He didn\u2019t,\u201d Bush said.
Democrats say he's calling for a \vigilante uprising.\
Early evidence suggests more young people are signing up, too.
Trump's lead in the polls is substantial but that doesn't make it predictive.
On the day the story of my rape came out, I had to drop my cat Cleo off at \u201csummer camp\u201d\u2014my euphemism for the week she\u2019d
\I don't think life needs to be this complicated. I think it needs to be a lot more straightforward.\
Clinton announced a slate of proposals to battle Alzheimer's disease and seek a cure by 2025.
The advice schools are receiving, experts say, starts with this
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The Republican frontrunner mocked his Democratic counterpart for a \u201cdisgusting\u201d bathroom trip she made during Saturday night\u2019s
His policy raises one obvious question.
States are getting ready to transition to the Every Student Succeeds Act.
\We need to reform a very broken criminal justice system.\
A progressive supergroup is asking the U.S. what kind of country it wants to be.
City workers will get six weeks' additional paid time off after the arrival of a baby.
Get it, because she has a vagina.
The system traps the indigent in a  \pernicious cycle for years.\
FRANKFORT, Ky. (AP) \u2014 Kentucky Republican Gov. Matt Bevin ordered the state to prepare new marriage licenses that do not
Massachusetts Supreme Court Chief Justice Ralph Gants had a simple message for Muslim-Americans
The angriest and most pessimistic people in America aren\u2019t the hipster protesters who flitted in and out of Occupy Wall Street
But will it ever get the funding to get off the ground?
\We shouldn't let anybody bully his way into the presidency.\
Still, he said there was more work to do to protect LGBT Americans.
An appeals court ruled that a trademark provision that prohibits disparaging names violates the First Amendment.
ST. LOUIS (AP) \u2014 A St. Louis police officer who fatally shot 18-year-old VonDerrit Myers Jr. last fall has resigned after
But Congress might have other ideas.
Making friends is no easy task for modern white nationalists.
HuffPost spends a day on the trail with the always-in-a-hurry Democratic underdog, who's making some serious noise in New Hampshire.
Thanks to a label that reads \u201cProduct of the USA,\u201d consumers have been able to find out a package of steaks or pork chops
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
This morning on MSNBC, Joe Scarborough asked Rick Santorum a simple question
GOPers still don't want an establishment candidate, but they're less vehement than they were a month ago.
Gay men in sexually active monogamous relationships will still be banned.
He wants students to accept and respect all points of view.
Minneapolis-St. Paul transit police are especially hard on American Indians.
The state says it made an honest mistake.
Ch-ch-ch-ch-changes.
The senator from South Carolina had been a long shot.
Small amounts of marijuana will no longer be subject to misdemeanor charges.
Martin O'Malley described two overdose deaths of people connected to him.
Hillary Clinton's two opponents think the scheduling benefited her campaign.
RYE, N.H. \u2013 State Rep. Rio Tilton is \u201c99.9\u201d percent certain he\u2019s going to vote for Marco Rubio. He\u2019s far less sure where
He apologized to his supporters and to Clinton, but the party might be sorry later.
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton have different visions for how to fund paid family leave.
But really.
Oceguera, a fourth generation Nevadan who grew up on the Walker River Indian Reservation, is an unlikely \u201cenemy number one
Not much, but it's something.
They reacted after O'Malley accused them of flip-flopping on gun control.
Oh no!
The Saturday night showdown featured misleading claims on guns, the minimum wage and Wall Street.
The moderators didn't mention climate change.
*Cringes*
\That was absolutely wrong.\
\It\u2019s time to kick our abusers out of the House, change the locks, and keep a loaded shotgun next to the bed.\
\I haven't seen any evidence that he killed anybody, in terms of reporters.\
Experts say that it's likely he'll appear in future ISIS recruitment materials.
She said Trump's rhetoric is sending a message to the world \that there is a clash of civilizations.\
No question about climate change, though.
\u201cI should be joyful and thankful to God for giving me both life and freedom.\

What she has demonstrated in the current election cycle is an even higher degree of fluidity in this most singular of political communication formats. Her performance in Saturday night's debate in New Hampshire should give pause to her would-be Republican rivals. This is a woman who knows how to debate.
This is not a novel idea. Postal banking was first adopted by Great Britain in 1861, and is now used in 139 countries around the world.
MANCHESTER, New Hampshire, Dec 18 (Reuters) - The Democratic National Committee has agreed to restore voter data access to
\The results were overwhelmingly in favor of SMU remaining weapons free when the law goes into effect.\
Bernie Sanders, who leads polls in the state, is suing the Democratic National Committee.
The head of the Supreme Court inadvertently participated in a case involving a company where he had a significant financial stake.
English actor Peter Serafinowicz gives him a more refined tone.
The charges from David Axelrod reflect growing distrust in the Democratic Party\u2019s top organization.
They even got to meet Sunny and Bo Obama.
The deal doesn't end the Sanders vs. DNC lawsuit.
Cpl. Thomas Webster IV will return to the force and get a psychological evaluation.
DES MOINES \u2014 Donald J. Trump has dominated much of this political season, excited an often-ignored part of the electorate
ABOARD THE USS KEARSARGE (AP) \u2014 The American airstrike that may have killed a number of Iraqi soldiers on Friday seems to
Today both houses of Congress approved a $1.1 trillion spending bill intended to keep government services funded through
Trump and Putin publicly exchanged compliments this week.
They were just eating pizza, you see.
\What's best in me, and what's best in my message, is consistent with the tradition of Hawaii.\
By far the most interesting thing about the Donald Trump candidacy is that the GOP -- a party representing half of our government at the highest levels of institutional power, a party which now holds real levers that matter -- the Republican Party does not have anything better to offer.
The uniquely violent U.S. context may in essence be a product of our leaders' refusal to recognize and put limits on dangerous hate speech and hate crimes related to abortion.
It may not happen for another four years, but one of these lunatics could eventually win the presidency. If that happens, you can expect a massive paradigm shift in the American political culture, driving an already right-wing country further to the right, even into outright fascism.
If the Second Amendment doesn't protect an individual right to own a gun, we don't need to repeal or amend it in order to establish major gun control laws. We must remember that this tale is the NRA's doing, not the Founders of the Constitution, and that it is rooted in fear.
It seems that not a week passes without a new report of a mass shooting in the United States. The gun epidemic, long simmering
President Obama, seeking to counter pressure for a military escalation in response to terrorist attacks, told a group of
Marquez, once close friends with killer Syed Rizwan Farook, plotted terrorist attacks and bought the rifles used in the massacre, authorities say.
The only person who knows Ted Cruz's true beliefs on immigration is probably Ted Cruz.
Officials with the Democratic National Committee have accused the presidential campaign of Sen. Bernie Sanders of improperly
Donald Trump may be leading in the GOP primary polls in the U.S., but he just lost a major battle in the U.K.
This was a big year in climate science and solutions. We learned a number of truly astounding things, which generally makes
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
It's the committee's fault, the Sanders team says, that an unauthorized data breach happened in the first place.
The events in Paris and San Bernardino seem to be shaping public opinion on just about everything related to gun control, what people fear and trust in government. The GOP race in Iowa saw a big shake-up this week. And yes, there are more primary polls than last election. This is HuffPollster for Friday, December 18, 2015
He is desperate to prove Citizens United was a terrible decision.
He'll take questions at the White House before departing to Hawaii for the holidays.
It's just as hard to catch would-be terrorists as it as to prevent mass shootings.
\Either tell me Merry Christmas or just don't say anything.\
\I think our country does plenty of killing also, Joe.\
The president shortened more sentences Friday than he has in his entire presidency.
Do taxpayers have a right to know if a prison is taking action that leads to injury of inmates? I think so.
For the three-quarters of U.S. households that can't install their own rooftop solar, a powerful alternative is emerging.
The government wants to get to 10 million, and the deadline is Jan. 31.
Uh oh.
As Puerto Rico \unfolds into chaos,\ lawmakers are taking their time to help the island, which over 3.5 million Americans call home.
And there's nothing any of the candidates can do about it.
Heroin and prescription painkillers drive the overdose epidemic, the CDC finds.
And then senators bolted for the exits.
'Tis the season to be trolling.
It's the beard, right? It's totally the beard.
One woman told police she \thought very seriously about suicide.\
The legislation is a compromise no one liked but both parties could live with.
Guards inside prisons shouldn't have guns. That's pretty much an accepted fact. Except in Nevada\u2014and the results are mayhem and death.
He struggled to defend confusing claims he made during Tuesday's GOP debate.
The Intercept has obtained a secret, internal U.S. government catalogue of dozens of cellphone surveillance devices used
Seriously, stop.
Pennsylvania teen Jalil Ibn Ameer Aziz was arrested Thursday.
Minutes after attending a forum hosted by anti-Muslim conspiracy theorist Frank Gaffney on Monday, Republican presidential
\u201cI think we have a huge opportunity, the moment is here.\
He's been hospitalized for about six weeks.
It's his biggest one yet.
Former House Speaker Dennis Hastert, who's awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty in a federal hush money case, suffered
It's a new effort to organize pop culture fans for political action.
Democracy for America endorsed the candidate after he dominated their membership vote.
One senator called on her GOP colleagues to stop the \witch hunts\ against the health care provider.
Ferguson Mayor James Knowles III said the two sides had made \a tremendous amount of progress from where we started - we were worlds apart.\
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\This is deadly serious,\ Pelosi said of her members' concerns with the bill.
The new tax agreement could be better than the alternatives.
More states are taking a tough stance on animal cruelty.
The bill could add $600 billion to the national debt over the next 10 years.
\u201cIt is a very sobering thing to be thinking about oneself as president of the United States.\u201d
A stopped clock is right twice a day.
Rand Paul thinks the national debt is the \u201cgreatest threat\u201d to America\u2019s future. Donald Trump warns that the nation is at
It's gonna be great.
\Everyone understands why Donald has suggested what he has,\ Cruz said.
But that could change.
The city is aiming to use 100 percent renewable energy by 2035.
This guy.
The same threat was sent to New York City, but officials there deemed it \not credible.\
\...I honestly have little idea what these clowns are talking about half the time.\
\Fear and apprehension in the American Muslim community is even higher now than it was after 9/11.\
Asked if he expected a convention fight, the RNC chair said
Will this be the last time I have to write this? God, I hope so.
They're about to increase it by $700 billion -- with business getting 60 percent of the benefit.
The massacre there was just weeks ago.
\u201cI purposely tried to make it as invasive, as intrusive, as hypocritical, and unnecessary as possible to make the point.\
\He looks like a serious candidate to me.\
Let's sort them out, shall we?
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The good news is, the government probably won't shut down.
The GOP presidential hopeful finally took on Donald Trump.
A GOP provision to kill net neutrality was not included in legislation to keep the government funded.
But efforts to increase disclosure of dark money also took a hit.
\It's a performance.\
Minneapolis police are facing criticism for racism and abuse. They might learn from their counterparts just across the city line.
They both hope to run the world.
A few Wall Street firms almost won big.
Unlike most presidential candidates, Americans are more concerned about getting sick or losing a job.
\I wish he were president right now.\
No immediate knockdowns, but some of the digs may come back to haunt them.
Things got weird.
Eight cadets have been disciplined in all.
Whoops!
Lawmakers have agreed to earmark $8 billion in this year's measure to keep the government open.
The guy behind the ban says agencies should defy Congress and study it anyway.
Registration numbers dropped sharply from 2012 to 2014.
Find out each candidate's Christmas wish.
Trump and Cruz have been getting along for months, but signs of a split have emerged in recent days.
Officials have told Flint residents not to drink unfiltered tap water.
The U.S. Supreme Court rejected an appeal by the city of Los Angeles and two policemen on Monday, leaving in place a $5.7
WWJD?
The fight continues and history marches on. The climate agreement in Paris should take its place as one of the great triumphs
The congressional auditor said a social media campaign crossed the line.
The failure of negotiators to strike a spending deal means last week's short-term extension will expire before a vote can be taken.
Republicans are far more worried about terrorism than Democrats.
Including grain silos, \God Bless America,\ deep-pocketed donors and Donald Trump.
Beltway prognosticators had a bad year.
The issue divided Republicans and Democrats more than any other potential threat to the U.S.
Uh, what?
Both men are planning to press charges against each other.
It's the least we can do to offset the \shocking and alarming rise in hateful rhetoric,\ they reasoned.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Lawmakers are ironing out the final details.
The 40-year-old embargo is \the only major outstanding issue.\
\My biggest dream, especially on a day like today, is for 11 million people to have the opportunity to feel the way I'm feeling.\
Could he stomach an Iowa loss without having a complete meltdown?
\It's what they want, whether it's a prankster or a terrorist.\
The ugly Christmas sweaters went fast.
It's the last GOP debate of the year.
Far too often, officers don't believe victims or blame them for being attacked.
\u201cHe who controls redistricting can control Congress.\u201d
Kids have faced tragic levels of gun violence in the three years since Sandy Hook.
The charges against her have prompted legislative proposals to increase penalties for public officials convicted of corruption.
Ohio's attorney general criticized the agency for disposing of fetal remains in landfills.
Let the madness begin.
Rubio said that while the Texas senator \talks tough\ on national security, his actions tell a different story.
People still don't like him, though.
The political operation created by the billionaire conservative mega-donors Charles and David Koch is quietly investing millions
Union President Karen Lewis has cautioned members to save 25 percent of their pay in anticipation of a long strike next year.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\Texting & driving leads to the dark side.\
He makes Cruz look sane -- and that's just one of the reasons why the Texas senator is surging.
When the Republican National Committee pushed the Iowa caucuses out a month to Feb. 1, it seemed like the good people of
The rap star and the presidential candidate seem to agree on most issues.
You\u2019d think buying an election would be easy. This is, after all, the rough pitch that political consultants deliver when
His statement will come after a meeting with his National Security Council in Washington.
He recalls how a state legislator responded to Christie appointing a Muslim-American lawyer to a judgeship.
Remember that time nine people were killed in Charleston?
Alonzo Smith reportedly ran into the hallway saying, \Somebody help me, they're trying to kill me.\
It includes a talent show.
It doesn't actually tell us much about who will win in state primaries.
It's perhaps the most aggressive regulatory move against Uber to date.
\A lot of my memories are of the parents who I had to tell or the spouses I had to tell, who weren't going to be reunited that day.\
Houston hasn't elected a Republican mayor in more than 30 years.
Getting the world to cut back on its carbon consumption is far easier said than done.
Three polls now show the Texas senator leading in the key primary state.
Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz has surged ahead to become the latest front-runner in the campaign for the Iowa
One in five US adults now lives in households either in poverty or on the cusp of poverty, with almost 5.7m having joined
Recent mass shootings have ignited passions on both sides of the gun debate.
MIAMI \u2014 On Dec. 16, 1987, a teenager named Marco Rubio arrived home from school in West Miami to find his mother in anguish
The word \u201chistoric,\u201d already being used to describe the just-accepted Paris climate agreement, is more than warranted. The
\You can't walk into the Senate and scream and call people liars and not be able to cajole and get along with people.\
The GOP candidates face off again on Tuesday at 8:30 pm EST on CNN.
Antonin Scalia suggested last week that black students may benefit from a \slower-track school.\
The President should remember that the historic agreement \is subject to being shredded in 13 months,\ McConnell said.
\I don't know if it would've happened without him.\
\I will appoint Supreme Court justices that will interpret the Constitution as originally constructed.\

Getting people on board with Sanders' message is one thing. Getting them to the polls is another.
He said his Facebook post about shooting Trump supporters before election day was intended as a joke.
The conservative called Donald Trump a \dream candidate\ for the Democratic Party.
She also called herself \the lump of coal\ in Hillary Clinton's stocking.
\We will interfere with every move they (Muslims) make towards taking over our country.\
But not before calling Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts \disgraceful.\
\I do like Ted Cruz, but not a lot of evangelicals come out of Cuba.\
Donald Trump's apparent belief that the Republican primary contest is now a two-person race between himself and Ted Cruz
AUSTIN, Texas, Dec 12 (Reuters) - Pro-gun advocates doused fake victims with fake blood outside the University of Texas on
Su\u00adpreme Court Justice Ant\u00adon\u00adin Scalia\u2019s seem\u00ading sug\u00adges\u00adtion this week that stu\u00addents of col\u00ador would be bet\u00adter off at
This would have been an instructive\u00a0Senate hearing for Sen. Ted Cruz to attend
Aloha, Mr. President.
Activists protesting against Muslims found themselves vastly outnumbered.
Shannon Johnson received a hero's funeral on Saturday in his home state of Georgia.
The climate change agreement comes after two weeks of negotiations.
\While this is a step forward it goes nowhere near far enough.\
\We've shown what's possible when the world stands as one.\
The accord \saves the chance of saving the planet,\ says one advocate.
Diverting murder cases away from him \disrupted\ justice, the ruling said.
Thousands of foreign-born adoptees are at risk without citizenship.
One alleged protester spent five years in prison over plot to blow up a women's health clinic.
It's not funny anymore -- it's getting closer and closer to becoming reality. Donald Trump, leader of the Republican Party. Deal with it, everyone.
As is often the case when engaging in a game of cards, when one runs out of the relevant suit, it's time to shake things up by playing the trump card. Of course, card playing is a game, and animosity positioning itself as policy is not.
I've had the opportunity to conduct public opinion polls across the Middle East in order to provide content for policy discussions at the UAE's annual Sir Bani Yas Forum. We surveyed over 7,400 adults in six Arab countries (Egypt, Lebanon, Jordan, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, and the UAE), Turkey, and Iran.
The new Every Student Succeeds Act begins a new era, but it is one without needed federal accountability and with the hopes that states will fulfill their crucial responsibility to educate all their children fairly and prepare them for work and life.
Yas, queen.
NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 Former New York Senate leader Dean Skelos (SKEH'-lohs) and his adult son have been convicted of charges that
PORTSMOUTH, N.H. (AP) \u2014 Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump received the endorsement of a New England union that
Reid Ribble says the Republican front-runner tramples the Constitution.
But is it too late for the rest of the field to stop the Trump takeover?
Rival Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) recently got himself in hot water over comments he made behind closed doors.
Lawmakers are trying to help private equity firms win big on Las Vegas properties.
Republicans like Trump's plan more than Democrats do, a new poll shows.
\Let's make America safer.\
\To hell with that,\ the Democratic presidential candidate said.
Americans oppose Trump's Muslim ban, but Republicans are more split. Fear of terrorism is at its highest rate since the weeks following the 9/11 attacks. And PBS Newshour highlights the challenges of polling. This is HuffPollster for Friday, December 11, 2015
Just about everyone\u2019s favorite scene from the Disney classic Lady and the Tramp is that beautifully staged moment when Lady
Pelosi said House Democrats \will not be accomplices\ in voting for the tax package.
Sen. Jeff Flake said he wanted to present a \message of solidarity.\
It took one mother seven years to learn that the for-profit school she trusted with her son had strapped him down again and
Rand Paul, once considered the main contender for the anti-establishment GOP vote, will likely be pushed off the debate stage
JACKSON, S.C. Byron Vaigneur watched as a brownish sludge containing plutonium broke through the wall of his office on Oct
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Clinton helped write the first 9/11 health bills in the Senate when she represented New York.
This chart combines the latest opinion polls and is updated whenever a new poll is released.
Soul-searching in San Bernardino County over campus cops\u2019 tactics and attitudes
\He's a great host, so any event I could count on him to make people feel comfortable.\
Congress may vote soon to delay it by two years.
The mixed martial arts star is a Sanders supporter.
She calls him a \knight in shining armor.\
Congress and the Obama administration seem to believe U.S. households don't need further protection from the financial industry.
\Segregation is so pernicious, and so pervasive, to do this to children is the worst thing you could do.\
The state Supreme Court said that \u201cthe best course of action is to preserve the status quo.\
Lawmakers are still hung up on a few details in the omnibus spending bill.
I was listening to a German parliamentarian the other night. She was making some anodyne comments about transatlantic friendship
The nearly four-year FEC investigation led to a $50,000 penalty.
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 Republican Donald Trump has scrapped a planned trip to Israel, saying he will reschedule \at a later date
Muslim Republicans fear Donald Trump\u2019s escalating anti-Muslim rhetoric \u2013 capped this week by his call to block all Muslims
The DCCC is already buying up ads to attack Republicans on guns.
This is the second attempt by Texas to seek immediate court help to halt the refugees.
Republican officials and leading figures in the party\u2019s establishment are now preparing for the possibility of a brokered
But his move did cause problems for some insurers and their customers.
Democrats are using a parliamentary trick to get a vote on the contentious legislation.
Cruz claimed the 2013 immigration bill co-sponsored by Rubio would have made it \easier to bring Syrian Muslim refugees\ to the U.S.
The Ku Klux Klan is using Donald Trump as a talking point in its outreach efforts. Stormfront, the most prominent American
Note to Trump
A bill passed by the House could see products containing microbeads off store shelves by 2018.
Good news for the GOP presidential hopeful, who's seeing an uptick in the polls.
Three of them are even involved with noted bigot Frank Gaffney's conference.
Just two hurdles remain -- how to bring the bill to a vote and how to pay for it.
The super PAC supporting Jeb Bush is behind the complaint targeting Trump.
It\u2019s that time of year again. Online retailers spam your inbox with holiday deals and gift ideas.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
And that's why she doesn't think either of them will be president.
Fast food chains don't want to be considered employers under the law. Will Congress grant them their wish?
\Unnecessary fear is being created,\ said NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton.
The Iowa caucuses are 54 days away. Donald Trump is, still, the national front-runner. Marco Rubio is, now, the establishment's
Many liberal millennials are feeling the Bern -- and burned by the American dream.
\The only difference between the ideas endorsed by Trump and Scalia is that Scalia has a  robe and a lifetime appointment.\
Progressive and Muslim groups say she can't credibly criticize Islamophobia while maintaining a relationship with Gen. Wesley Clark.
His lawyer says the school could be in violation of the Civil Rights Act.
'They say, 'Donald, you brought something up to the fore that is so brilliant and so fantastic.'\
One by one, Republican officials across the country lashed out at Trump's plan.
\Speaker Ryan and Fred Upton have joined the asshole of the month club.\
Student debtors might have faced a paperwork nightmare had the Massachusetts lawmaker not stepped in.
\I'm guilty, there will be no trial,\ Robert Dear yelled during a hearing.
He's not the speaker anymore, but he still gets some taxpayer-funded perks.
Sens. Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio are in the best position to challenge Donald Trump for the Republican presidential nomination
The board was voting to replace the town's marshal of 15 years.
The agency says its current system is a \travesty\ and will be replaced by 2017.
But what's new?
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Companies are easily able to exploit the U.S. tax system.
When I think of luxury items, I think of video games, cars, maybe even Cheetos. Something I (and most people) would never
Republicans are trying to tie a measure ending the crude oil export embargo to a big year-end spending deal -- and Democrats are listening.
The drug is nonaddictive, nontoxic and easy to administer.
I am a lifelong Democrat. I proudly boast an \u201cF\u201d rating from the NRA. And, yet during my 2014 gubernatorial campaign in Texas
The law prohibits doctors from performing race-selective or sex-selective abortions.
\I\u2019ve had two town halls right here in New Hampshire...where the only subject was substance abuse.\
The letters are part of a push to end the practice of detaining mothers and children.
Among the many early obituaries for Rand Paul\u2019s presidential campaign that have lately littered the internet, one story has
\We have a serious, serious problem.\
The onlookers helped bring the attacker to justice.
The group went undercover to show that prominent academics were willing to take money from corporations for their research.
The wall of Republican opposition to helping poor people get health care keeps cracking.
While overall opinions haven't changed much, the intensity of anti-Muslim sentiment has risen.
If a majority of the justices get their way, the rules of the democratic process could get tougher than ever before.
\What somebody like a Trump is trying to do is divide us up.\
The biggest voting rights case of the year may depend on a few sentences that never saw the light of day -- until now.
Trump is polling ahead of his rivals in both states.
In the wake of San Bernardino, lawmakers are clamoring to be heard in the gun debate.
Long before Chicago police Officer Jason Van Dyke shot and killed a black teenager, sparking a public outcry and now a Justice
Investigators will likely focus on accountability systems that don't hold police accountable.
Everything you want to know about sex education in California.
The last remaining establishment favorite struggles impotently against a phenomenon named Donald Trump
One of them believes unicorns are real.
Despite a backlash against his call to ban Muslims from entering the U.S.
\It's a narrative for a new movement.\
In contrast, most labor unions have backed Hillary Clinton.
In relentless succession, a parade of towns and cities have this year joined the bloodstained ranks of American mass shooting
Wall Street would win big with an obscure bankruptcy change.
\People will still be poor in Sandtown when Bernie leaves.\
Contrary to what you might have heard.
Get ready.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Other presidential hopefuls' policies are almost as outrageous.
A majority of the public supports stricter gun laws, but it's not at the top of their minds.
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Tuesday denied an Associated Press report that he planned
The bill has \u201chistoric support for early childhood education\u201d
\Mitch McConnell doesn't give a s**t about anything but politics.\
The Texas senator has found success in appealing to evangelicals and Tea Party voters -- but can he hold on to them until February?
Taking a look at the cold, hard primary math.
IN DECEMBER 2009, Harouna Tour\u00e9 and Idriss Abdelrahman, smugglers from northern Mali, walked through the doors of the Golden
\We need a system that adequately informs the public about what we are seeing.\
Nearly 7 in 10 Americans say the U.S. has not been aggressive enough in fighting the terrorist group.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Since 2013.
The progressive senator hasn't yet endorsed a Democratic presidential contender.
Fully realizing the benefits that vets can bring to civilian life means changing the distorted way they are perceived.
Press Secretary Josh Earnest said it was \mostly a social occasion.\
Health officials are defying the attorney general's recommendations.
Don't pack your bags for holiday break just yet.
VAN HORNE, Iowa \u2014 For months, Senator Marco Rubio of Florida ran an above-the-fray presidential race, high-mindedly dismissing
With college costs and student debt exploding, the lawmakers are urging their colleagues to make debt-free college a reality.
The Special Litigation Section, which could barely fill a baseball team, conducts civil rights investigations into police departments.
He even wants to bar fossil fuel lobbyists from working in the White House.
He and Justice Antonin Scalia assailed the court's decision not to hear a case that effectively upheld an assault weapons ban.
Officer Craig Matthews says he faced retaliation after blowing the whistle on illegal NYPD practices.
Most voters agree that we need to pay preschool teachers more.
Malik's path from Pakistan to the bloody events of this past week remains a mystery.
The White House said Obama would also provide an update on Wednesday's shootings in San Bernardino.
The joint resolution \to fix the long legacy of damage that continues to result in inequality and unfair obstacles for countless citizens because of their race.\
This week, they will unveil a package of bills that would improve safety.
\If I\u2019m elected to serve as commander in chief, we won\u2019t cower in the face of evil.\
Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) says a \majority\ of people on the no-fly list may be on the list in error.
Great news.
The president of Liberty University had called for more Americans to carry concealed weapons.
Terrorism, ISIS and San Bernardino.
\Not every law can prevent every gun death. They work most of the time.\
Here we go again.
The Illinois attorney general had asked for a probe Dec. 1.
In them, Officer Van Dyke and his colleagues give their official account of what happened. Some of their statements appear
Some Republicans think shutting down the program diminished national security.
\u201cI mean, why do you have to go around flaunting your sexuality?\ the presidential hopeful added.
A dying firefighter brought them to Washington to convince politicians they really should never forget.
In the U.S., the same incident had a very different outcome.
To the extent that I actually do something on the rare occasions that I find myself on the floor of the Congress I was elected to serve in, it will be to exploit the intense coverage of this event as cover to do something truly heinous like voting for the 60th time to repeal Obamacare or defunding Planned Parenthood (since I am part of the Bullets and Babies Pro-Life Caucus).
This week the nation was horrified by yet another mass shooting -- this one in San Bernardino, as a heavily armed husband and wife killed 14 and injured 21 at a social services center. Within days, the F.B.I. announced that it was treating the carnage as a terrorist attack. While we may not be able to guarantee that such appalling events never happen, we can control our reaction to them. As investigators continue to look into the couple's motives, it's important that we not surrender our core values of tolerance and openness. The actions of a few have nothing to do with the nearly 3 million Muslims living peacefully in the U.S. Already, a mosque in Virginia has received death threats, and an Islamic center in Florida was vandalized. To give in to those impulses is to give the enemies of tolerance what they want. The actions of extremists and terrorists can't defeat us, but we can defeat ourselves.
Difficult as it is at a time like this, we need to take a step back from our fears and stand up for our American way of life, our values and our liberties.
After listening this morning, December 6, as CNN's Fareed Zakaria interviewed Bono and The Edge of U2, I would be delighted if any one of those three men presided over our country.

In 2013, Pfizer raked in nearly $4 billion on sales of the Prevnar 13 vaccine, which prevents diseases caused by pneumococcal bacteria, from ear infections to pneumonia -- for which Pfizer is the only manufacturer. Other countries wouldn't allow their patent systems to justify such huge charges. Neither should we -- especially when Pfizer stops being an American company.
As Marco Rubio considered his options for a new career after stepping down as Florida House speaker, he found that the housing
The tax deal would have bipartisan support, but fiscal hawks are sweating.
\You stop bad guys by using our guns,\ he said at a gun range in Iowa.
But it may not last long.
They also told him there was evidence the pair had been self-radicalized.
American voters usually award the White House to an optimistic candidate. Not in 2016.
\If you\u2019re too dangerous to board a plane, you\u2019re too dangerous, by definition, to buy a gun.\
\u201cIt keeps replaying on a loop
The Chicago mayor took \responsibility for what happened.\
The court agreed to hear a pair of cases that could help the commonwealth deal with some of its crushing debt.
State Sen. Marty Knollenberg says his comments were misinterpreted.
Conservatives can't stop freaking out about everything the University of Tennessee says or does.
It ignores most gun violence.
The purpose of terrorism, after all, is to induce terror. And it certainly never made any sense that a dispute at a holiday party would lead to an attack from a black-clad pair geared up for Iwo Jima. So this is exactly what it looked like from early on, a case of home-grown jihadism.
While mass shootings grab fleeting public and policymaker attention, we too often ignore the relentless everyday trauma of gun violence that snuffs out the lives of more American children and teens every four days than the 2012 massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School.
The governors opposing the admission of refugees are inspired in their opposition by the Paris attack of two weeks ago that killed 130 people. They have forgotten what life is like in the United States without the terrorists even being admitted.
The IAEA's \Final Report\ is more a political face-saving exercise than technical expose.  Fortunately, reason prevailed, and the PMD case against Iran has run its course, not with the bang anticipated by its supporters, but rather a whisper.
GOP hopes it will \delight conservative voters.\ President Obama will veto it immediately.
The Connecticut senator wants action on gun control legislation.
A large gathering took place at San Bernardino's San Manuel Stadium, home to the minor league baseball team the Inland Empire 66ers.
The state will allow some families to resettle there, but the legal wrangling continues.
\Anniversary\ is a word we usually associate with happy events that we like to remember
Most Americans say the Colorado Planned Parenthood shooting was an act of terrorism, but some feel abortion providers are no better.
The Obama administration is under fire after canceling student loans for just 1 percent of thousands of eligible borrowers.
\Just think about Colorado. If there was someone in there with a concealed weapon that guy would have been shot down.\
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The Wisconsin cranberries especially miffed the New Jersey comedian.
The special reading of the holiday classic took place during the 93rd Annual National Christmas Tree Lighting ceremony.
Methodically crossing off the state's 99 counties, the Texas senator is convincing voters he's the race's only \consistent conservative.\
Or, \How To Get Your Crazy Uncle To Pass The Gravy Before Reloading.\
But with 15 officers charged this year for on-duty shootings, it's a small sample size.
Neither of former NYPD Officer Gilberto Valle's convictions were allowed to stand.
The Hawaii Democrat has been a persistent critic of Obama's foreign policy.
Winter is a hard time for pets \u2014 and while pets have warm places to sleep and humans to snuggle, animals outdoors have a
The Senate is to vote on it early next week and President Barack Obama is expected to sign it.
\I've never heard of it before,\ one expert said. \It raises a red flag.\
WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Associated Press has learned that Defense Secretary Ash Carter will order the military to open all
He's speaking after meeting with his national security team.
It\u2019s a response to the Paris terrorist attacks that the White House might actually approve.
Mass shootings, gang violence, domestic abuse, suicide, accidents \u2014 gun violence in the United States comes in many forms
The GOP presidential candidate says gun owners could mistakenly be added to the list.
\u201cWe need to significantly expand and improve background checks.\
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
This time, the clich\u00e9 might be accurate. Or not.
North America's Building Trades throws in for the front-runner.
She gives shoutouts to Lady Gaga, Missy Elliott, Demi Lovato and others.
Activists say more than 150 men awaiting asylum are protesting being held in immigrant detention.
Nimali Henry was only behind bars because she couldn't afford to buy her freedom.
He knows well the congressional art of speaking for a long time while saying nothing.
A man masquerading as a member of Congress walked into a secure backstage area without being properly screened and spoke
\So many Americans sometimes feel as if there's nothing we can do about it.\
At issue is a provision slipped into a must-pass budget bill.
She wants the Justice Department involved. He says that's \misguided.\
The Education Department will cancel over $27.8 million of federal student loans owed by more than 1,300 former students at Heald College.
Somehow they forgot the alternative plan for helping people get coverage.
Even one that would have stopped suspected terrorists from purchasing a gun.
The helicopter was found in a river bottom and was on fire when first responders arrived.
The symbolic move will accompany the GOP's symbolic move to repeal Obamacare.
A compromise bill was a long time coming.
He was 70 years old.
The project comes five years after Mark Zuckerberg first announced his gift to Newark.
The measures now go to the White House, where they face almost-certain vetoes.
There were roughly two background checks every second.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
But these progressives say it's wrong.
Lisa Madigan asked for a Justice Department investigation to help bring about \systemic change.\
Before his arrest for last week\u2019s shooting at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs, Robert Lewis Dear had on several
Senator Lindsey Graham (R-SC) speaks with Tom Bevan and Carl Cannon on RealClearRadio, RCP's weekly radio show on Sirius
\I won't say exactly what precautions our doctors take, because we do keep that pretty private.\
Law enforcement relies on cooperation from the public in these situations.
They had just celebrated a holiday party on Tuesday.
On Thursday, Reid will introduce a gun control amendment.
Just over one year ago, Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper was openly opposed to marijuana legalization.
Just a day earlier, the House speaker urged Congress to prioritize mental health reform to prevent gun violence.
Only the three couples named as plaintiffs in the case are getting amended birth certificates.
Reports indicated there were 20 victims.
\Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims\u2019 families and everyone affected by the brutal attack.\
Chicago police maintain they had nothing to do with a mysterious gap in the footage.
We've seen this before.
The heroes called the Senate majority leader \deplorable\ for stalling Sept. 11 legislation.
Billionaire donors were involved.
\The TPP poses a panoply of threats to our climate and environment.\
\We should never think that this is something that just happens in the ordinary course of events.\
\Fanning the flames of intolerance is un-American. We're better than this.\
Although Clinton still has a healthy primary lead.
That's what researchers say, anyway. But maybe it's a huge cover-up.
Opponents said the election was racially exclusive.
355 mass shootings in 336 days ... and counting.
Ted Cruz's 2016 strategy virtually guarantees that he'll do well in Iowa. But he needs chaos and luck after that
It just became much more likely that the president will get his immigration plan reviewed by the justices.
Republicans still haven't given up on defunding the health care organization.
But for one brief shining moment, the justices all agreed on something.
... but \the overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats.\
\u201cClearly we can do more,\u201d the House speaker said, without mentioning background checks or loopholes for buying guns.
\Cruz is misinterpreting our research.\
A Republican lawmaker in Colorado responded to the deadly shooting in her state by blaming Planned Parenthood for provoking
The demonstration coincides with the major climate summit in Paris.
\u201cLast I checked, we don\u2019t have a rubber shortage in America.\
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Conservatives have been bristling for several days with the possibility that Robert Lewis Dear, the alleged Colorado Springs
\Have a holly jolly Christmas\ > \I approve this message\
Surveys show Americans support funding for the group, though the candidate claims the opposite.
\This does kind of look like Leavenworth.\
A new short film, When AIDS Was Funny, unearths never-before-heard audio reaction to the escalating AIDS crisis.
It's \just plain wrong to play politics with the healthcare of these 9/11 heroes,\ Chuck Schumer said.
\That's my feeling. I didn't say I was relying on any scientist.\
Ted Cruz on Monday offered his strongest denunciation so far of Marco Rubio's foreign policy views, assailing his Republican
One of the men said he is afraid of being killed if he's deported.
They know it's gonna get vetoed, but so what!
Activists are worried the rider will make its way into a final omnibus bill.
In the speech, Obama will lay out his priorities for his final year in the White House.
Still, she said that she hasn't been discouraged from taking on uphill battles.
\Very real danger\ that Obama's successor will try to reinstate torture if this administration does not act.
When the Republican contenders audition this week before more than 600 deep-pocketed, security-focused donors, it might seem
The justices on Monday let stand a federal appeals court ruling that said the lawyers were not entitled to fees.
\What greater rejection of those who would tear down our world than marshaling our best efforts to save it.\
Hawaii law requires any entity that spends more than $1,000 to influence elections to register as a PAC.
More renewable fuels are good news for farm country. But ethanol critics say the levels are too high.
A major for-profit college would also get some help.
Seven major American scientific societies sent a letter to Rep. Lamar Smith (R-TX) on Tuesday, rebuking the congressman and
Remembering the long afternoon when abortion foes desperately hoped the shooter wasn't one of their own.
A celebration of \Last Week Tonight's\ best recurring joke.
\I join the President in believing this violence is not normal and this is not who we are as a country.\
Nearly half of Syrians still want to leave their country for good.
AS a Briton who, like millions of my compatriots, opposed the American-led invasion of Iraq in 2003, I did not expect to
After yet another deadly shooting, this time at a Planned Parenthood, right-wing politicians refuse to let up
House Republicans will focus on security, not defunding Planned Parenthood, in the upcoming omnibus battle.
Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina dismissed the idea that climate change was a major security threat Sunday
Many of them seemed to like Rubio\u2019s ideas and message, but when they explained their doubts about his 2016 prospects, they
The race for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination enters a new and urgent phase this week after an already brutish
Three men who were with him have been charged with rioting.
\u201cIt\u2019s time to get out of this negotiation rhetoric and focus on solutions, otherwise, in a hundred years, we\u2019ll all be dead.\u201d
Republican state lawmakers had pressured the University of Missouri to end its relationship with the provider.
Silver was one of New York's most powerful politicians for two decades.
\ud83d\udeb4
Alas, it ended up in the recycling bin.
\How can we change our future if the youth are left in the past?\
The storms have killed at least 14 people.
\To build a strong economy for our future, we must start by building strong infrastructure today.\
Enhanced surveillance images of the Tamir Rice shooting offer a closer look at what appears to be the boy walking toward
\Gov. Christie is right for these dangerous times.\
Jackson called for \bold comprehensive change\ in the Chicago PD and in the criminal justice system.
\There's no such thing as having a perfect plan, but you have to continually be in the motion of creating a better campus climate.\
Huffington Post reporter Ryan Grenoble captured this heartbreaking photo of a crying University of Colorado police officer
Our choice is Gov. Chris Christie. As a U.S. attorney and then a big-state governor, he is the one candidate who has the
Bush says Trump is \misinformed at best and preying on people's fears at worst.\u201d
There's no connection between rhetoric and violence, says the Planned Parenthood opponent.
There is no headstone marking his grave.
After he killed 3 people and was arrested, Robert Lewis Dear said, \no more baby parts.\
Activists have reportedly been demonstrating at the site of the attack for years.
\I will confess to knowing an awful lot of that movie.\
\What he did is domestic terrorism, and what he is did is absolutely abominable.\
The governor of Colorado, where a gunman killed three people and wounded nine others in a rampage at a Planned Parenthood
You can't promote violence and then act surprised when it really happens.
\We must signal to our old and emerging allies alike that we remain serious about turning the page of GTMO and the practices of the prior decade.\


It's time for us to stop being polite and keeping the peace in our families, to stop hiding behind sympathetic posts on social media and instead have hard discussions about where we, as families, are at. To tell those close to us how afraid we are that, some day, we might see their mugshot on television after a horrific event.
The organization's president said she was \in awe of their courage.\
The Center for Medical Progress, which released controversial videos of Planned Parenthood employees earlier this year, spoke out against the violence.
Clinton, Sanders and O'Malley all reiterated that they #StandWithPP.
But they did have something to say about Black Friday gear and Obama's foreign policy.
\Enough is enough.\
\Recognize that in these camps they have schools, they have recreational facilities that are really quite nice.\
Opponents of the election say the process is unconstitutional and racially exclusive.
Sitting down in a room of strangers brought together for the very first time to discuss emerging topics such as sexuality and inclusion -- I made the mistake of making too fast an assumption, committing an 'oops' before walking all the way through the door.
As we face a terrorist threat from a new source, now is the time for the American people to remind both President Obama and all the candidates for the next election to reject Guantanamo as an answer. The politicians must not revert to a process that went terribly wrong by again sending terrorists and alleged terrorists to Guantanamo.
In the aftermath of the recent shooting at Planned Parenthood in Colorado Springs, it's time we examine the role of words in our politics and in our society. Those who defensively insist that their vicious verbal attacks on Planned Parenthood have nothing to do with a single gunman's massacre of innocent citizens are fooling themselves.
Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) says religious believers are called to \u201cignore\u201d laws that violate their faith.
Maybe.
Sunny and Bo seemed pretty excited.
Here's how some retailers are pushing back against this terrible Thanksgiving retail tradition.
Last week, Carson likened Syrian refugees to \rabid dogs.\
Roy Moore is back in the news, accompanied by all but one of his colleagues on the Alabama Supreme Court and by Judge Marvin Wiggins, a Circuit Court Judge in rural Alabama. It all comes about because of their approach to the law.
WASHINGTON, Nov 26 (Reuters) - A man who jumped the White House fence on Thursday, triggering a lockdown of the presidential
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders is boosting the size of his campaign staff and increasing state budgets
\u201cThis Pfizer thing is humongous, and I think it could change the course of history for the entire industry,\u201d one of the industry\u2019s
Get out of the mall and into the woods.
The president said he was \deeply disturbed\ by video of Laquan McDonald's killing.
Senate Republicans plan to insert a provision into a must-pass government funding bill that would vastly expand the amount
The letter came after more than two dozen governors, mostly Republicans, vowed to block efforts to resettle Syrian refugees in their states following the Nov. 13 terrorist attacks in Paris.
Britain is currently only launching strikes against the group in Iraq.
\The world is still full of pilgrims.\
Irving, Texas, is becoming a hotbed of Islamophobia.
The White House pie game is strong.
Bank deregulation in must-pass spending bills would prompt Jack Lew to recommend a veto.
More people with past felony convictions will soon get to vote in Kentucky. But Iowans and Floridians still face many hurdles.
The New Jersey governor says he'd remember if it happened, \and I don't.\
The Republican presidential debates have generated abundant analysis and speculation about how the candidates and GOP are
Ted Cruz has surged to within the margin of error of Trump\u2019s lead in Iowa, but be careful how you interpret that. Louisiana\u2019s gubernatorial election was a big win for Democrats and for polling. \u00a0And we've rounded up all the Thanksgiving surveys you need. This is HuffPollster for Wednesday, November 25, 2015.
Super PAC and political nonprofit organizers don't need to worry.
Xiuhtezcatl Tonatiuh Martinez is not your average 15 year old.
Some also say they want to give credit where credit is due -- to themselves.
Our 43rd president looks reasonable compared to what came afterwards. But you shouldn't be fooled by appearances
Georgia is apparently the only state to have done this.
We need to focus on preventing new addictions and using the harm-reduction approach to treat current addicts.
A Burger King manager says police deleted the restaurant's surveillance video, but police say they have no idea what happened.
\You don\u2019t have to look far to find ignorant hate speech masquerading as acceptable party messaging.\
Help for new moms and dads, without new middle class taxes.
Here's all the news you need to know to start your morning.
The GOP presidential candidate denied a 1993 statement in which he said exactly that.
It took over a year for the video to become public.
MADISON, Wis. (AP) \u2014 A Wisconsin law that requires abortion providers to get admitting privileges at nearby hospitals is
Republican presidential candidate tells the Guardian that country should be \u2018vigilant\u2019 in cases of abuse, but \u2018overwhelming
The state asked the Supreme Court for more time to reply to the Obama administration's appeal.
Whites, suburbanites and high-income people are the most likely to be touched by the opioid epidemic.
Trump is probably still ahead, because math.
LANGHORNE, Pennsylvania -- Sgt. First Class Rocky Weaver, 32, looked out on the floor of a suburban military recruitment
Conservative Solutions Project, an outside group promoting Republican Marco Rubio's presidential campaign, has spent nearly
With Ben Carson's brief rise apparently halted, the Texas senator gets his \turn in the spotlight.\
With the backing of yet another major union, the Democratic front-runner pulls further ahead of Bernie Sanders in labor support.
\That journey from behind that bar to behind this podium, that's the essence of the American dream.\
The state is one of a handful that was not already doing this.
The group is headed by a Marco Rubio supporter.
Check out all the news you need to know today in the video above.
White supremacists charged in Monday's shootings of activists show America's real terror threat.
\u201cIf they lose that school, the community dies.\u201d
A nurses group has spent at least $569,000 on ads for the presidential candidate.
The rapper-activist said Sanders \has spent the last 50 years radically fighting for your rights and mine.\
In the years ahead, the public will see if local leaders can deliver substantive results if national leaders cannot.
The Huffington Post visited a recruitment center in Langhorne, Pennsylvania, to find out who wanted to join the armed forces in 2015 and why.
\Most women are in prison for crimes directly related to social inequity -- poverty, addiction, mental illness, domestic violence and trauma.\
Americans had more positive views earlier this year.
Private medical records of Chris Kyle's killer reveal the true story behind the \American Sniper\ murder.
They want him to tighten the gun show loophole through executive action.
Yep, this really happened.
Respondents ranked terrorism as one of the most important issues for 2016.
Marco Rubio
After a slow crawl through the lower federal courts, the fate of President Obama\u2019s long-delayed immigration programs is finally
Candidates like Trump & Carson aren't just unorthodox when it comes to policy. They're downright insane
Except for Martin O'Malley.
How sweet the sound.
Listen up, states.
\The opioid crisis is spiraling out of control.\
Donald Trump claimed last week that \thousands of people\ in New Jersey celebrated as the World Trade Center towers came down.
Ed Rendell was not happy about Sunday's game.
\I am not going to approach this election like a theater critic \u2014 giving my reviews of every word uttered by every other Republican.\
The Windy City had its highest November snowfall total in 120 years.
Rep. Devin Nunes says situation is a lot \grimmer than the intelligence reports.\
It's part of a series of tax cuts for the middle class that she will announce in the coming weeks.
He says he supports the measure, which adds extra steps to an already lengthy vetting process.
Poor Reince Priebus. After Mitt Romney\u2019s loss to Barack Obama in 2012, Priebus, the head of the Republican National Committee
He won't rule out waterboarding of terrorism suspects.
\What happened in Paris could happen here.\
Let's be cautious about taking advice from the invasion's cheerleaders.
\The most powerful tool we have is to say we are not afraid.\
WASHINGTON \u2014 When Islamic State fighters overran a string of Iraqi cities last year, analysts at United States Central Command
\We need to be aggressive now.\
\We do want to show force. \u2026 It would be ridiculous to protest Islam without defending ourselves.\
A runoff election took place after neither candidate earned 50 percent of the vote in October.
Louisiana voters decide Saturday whether to elect a Democrat to statewide office for the first time since 2008 in a close
\We are just beginning this process of reassessing all of our security stances.\
Paul raised hopes in the latest GOP debate that he was returning to his libertarian roots. Maybe not.
They made him open a small box he was carrying on the plane.
Who turned my blue state red?
\To turn them away and say there is no way you can ever get here would play right into the terrorists\u2019 hands.\
At a time when our country should be uniting behind a sensible comprehensive approach to ISIS, too many elected officials are playing politics with our national security.
After years of trying, Congress is finally on the verge of rewriting the 2002 law.
He said he was providing \a public warning for citizens.\
But he still thinks the U.S. should stop admitting Syrians for now.
The program will also partner with a nonprofit and offer customer service training.
Voters head to the polls tomorrow in Louisiana to elect Bobby Jindal\u2019s successor. Most Americans are against allowing Syrian refugees into the country, a sentiment that's nothing new in the U.S. And the Paris attacks aren\u2019t likely to have a big effect on the election, but but could bring foreign policy to the forefront of the race. This is HuffPollster for Friday, November 20, 2015.
President Barack Obama first announced the program exactly one year ago.
Hardline conservatives want omnibus concessions, but will they just vote against the bill anyway?
\Our values are not secondary considerations in the fight against terror,\ Lynch said.
\ud83c\udf89\ud83d\ude0e
NASHVILLE\u2014On his reg\u00adu\u00adlar patrol through East Nashville, Of\u00adficer Jiyayi Su\u00adley\u00adman drives by the Two Rivers Baptist Church
Pushing back against anti-refugee paranoia, Bush said it's important not to \abandon\ the values that make the U.S. \special and unique.\
\[You] hold a position of authority and power, but you demonstrably have failed to learn the most basic of American civics or history lessons.\
\Many members of the Hollywood community are very liberal and they value their civil liberties more than they value life. I disagree with that.\
He said he had no idea his comments would go viral.
The mayors are suing over a new law that restricts how much towns can make from court fines and traffic tickets.
UnitedHealth Group's negative outlook on the health law isn't a good sign, but there's more to the story.
To deny ISIS a place in this world, build a place in your heart for Muslims.
If you can't beat 'em, join 'em.
We spent way too much time on this.
Clever.
Lawmakers are saying the compromise framework isn't perfect, but is still a way forward.
Democrats say the GOP is wasting money on the probe, just like Benghazi.
Millions of people could be watching.
Sweeping changes would affect food safety, the environment and violent crime.
UnitedHealth Group is losing money, which is bad news for Obamacare.
The HFC chairman takes some credit for the Boehner coup.
If a candidate wins a debate that nobody watched, does it make a difference?
Real talk from Bernie.
But Mississippi's Republican-controlled House may ultimately decide.
Conservationists and animal advocates say no, but the zoos say the elephants will be killed if they aren\u2019t brought to the
Looks like the government will fall short of its goal to end veteran homelessness this year.
Following the Paris attacks, some Democrats wanted to support measures that don't go after refugees.
The $1.4 billion project has been the subject of several major protests.
Sen. Orrin Hatch said he'd be open to paying for the measure by closing a tax loophole on foreign insurance companies.
The \We The People\ petition was pushed by a company that has paid millions in penalties for its illegal debt collection practices.
House Republicans blasted the \performance-based\ office for lousy work.
Just say \shibboleth.\
The new target
Advocates have already been using the drug.
They can die for the U.S., but they can't vote for their commander-in-chief.
Why is she talking like a Republican?
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The company could claim up to $15.3 billion as a \business expense.\
\Politicians and the intelligence industry are exploiting this tragedy to pass policies they've wanted for years.\
He wants state officials to \politely take them back\ to federal immigration centers.
The numbers show you may avoid big premium hikes by changing insurance.
But it's still unclear whether terrorists used encryption technology in the attacks.
Corinthian Colleges students who were duped into federal student loans face more hurdles before their debts can be canceled.
The Massachusetts senator criticized a plan supported by Obama that she says benefits \tax dodgers.\
WASHINGTON -- Legislation to restrict the flow of Syrian refugees into the United States will not include a religious test
An animal rights group is suing to move the chimp to a wildlife sanctuary.
Prosecutors and cops in the county have violated the Constitution, they say.
How to loosen marijuana restrictions is a key policy difference among the Democratic presidential front-runners.
The state supreme court ruled on the rights of non-custodial parents.
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 The Environmental Protection Agency proposed tougher new limits on Tuesday on smokestack emissions from
Ever get the feeling you're being watched? Maybe you are!
Activists say Jamar Clark was unarmed and handcuffed when he was shot.
Finally, some good news for CEOs.
Internment camps didn't work so well last time.
You become a sacrificial lamb, and the Judiciary Committee chairman gets called a \son of a bitch\ by former cops.
Judge Joseph Boeckmann also may have had child pornography on his computer, a state committee alleges.
In the 1940s, U.S. officials worried that Nazi agents would pose as refugees to infiltrate countries.
The Ohio Republican will serve another year as leader of the conservative caucus.
\u201cIt\u2019s dogged, dogged, dogged determination -- never giving up.\
Same.
\The violence against the transgender community is a national crisis.\
\u201cWhat? It\u2019s up to me to identify deserving minorities?\
The New York City mayor called the remarks \callous, heartless and prejudiced.\
\We can only express our concerns.\
\What else do you call what [ISIS] did in Paris?\
Another major union chooses her over Bernie Sanders.
The Bush family couldn't tolerate Ted Cruz.
The president has vowed to veto the resolution.
Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said in Birmingham this morning said she hopes America can remain \open and welcoming
\It's ... ironic that we sit here now, a few days after Paris had their 9/11, to take care of the folks who responded to ours,\ one advocate says.
The attorney general said the discussion about policing only makes us all safer.
Secret money flowed through multiple groups to aid Tillis, McConnell.
The billionaire brothers' main political arm raised $126 million in 2014.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\They would prefer the CFPB ignore this particular injustice.\
She says she can take a hard line on Wall Street reform while accepting the finance industry's millions.
Wrongfully foreclosing on military families played a role.
\This settlement provides zero justice for the people who have been harmed by EDMC.\
She also showed off her dance moves.
Television ads about Republicans, abortion and birth control are coming to a screen near you.
Great news.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\The face of terror is not the true faith of Islam,\ George W. Bush said.
House Speaker Paul Ryan said he is looking at all legislative options.
The GOP should direct money to medical research, education and infrastructure, the group says.
Jim Obergefell was the lead plaintiff in the landmark Supreme Court case.
Her ties to Wall Street remain a liability.
\I believe Ted Cruz is the candidate who is the answer to my prayers.\
The feds will now track how police departments handle citizen complaints.
Can he be aggressive enough on national security for fearful voters?
New Hampshire is in the midst of a drug epidemic, with one of the highest addiction rates in the country, prompting voters
The social conservatives are choosing to overlook Vitter's past.
Women in GOP-controlled states would take the biggest hit.
The governor has said he doesn't support a statewide ban on the controversial practice.
CEOs could be off the hook for even gross negligence.
Hawaii has some of the strongest laws in the nation.
Despite Sanders' decades as a champion of labor, the big unions are gradually lining up behind the front-runner.
\We videotape the operations, we publicize them, because this is a group that heavily uses propaganda to attract fighters and donors.\
Bernie Sanders and Martin O'Malley seek to gain ground in the second Democratic presidential debate.
Live from Iowa, it's Saturday night!
Oh, Bernie.
This is the moment when things got heated.
Maybe don't schedule it on a weekend?
Clinton and O'Malley teamed up on Sanders once again.
\It was good for the economy, and it was a way to rebuke the terrorists who had attacked our country.\
\Wall Street, play by the rules? Who are we kidding?\
Sanders said some cities are already \doing it, and they are doing it well.\
That's the most homicides in a year since 1999, and it's only November.
The move comes in the wake of the terror attacks in Paris.
Saturday night's showdown featured some false and misleading claims from Clinton, Sanders and O'Malley.
\Our loved ones are in France.\
\We are not at war with Islam or Muslims. We are at war with violent extremism.\
The pundit is a noted war hawk and heavily advocated for the Iraq War.
Back in September, Rubio was more open to letting refugees into the U.S.
\These invasions have unintended consequences.\
Bush said that the U.S. should use a careful screening process to ensure the refugees it accepts are Christian.
But we must remain vigilant because ISIS has \the aspirations to attack the United States,\ a White House official said.
Graham calls for 10,000 U.S. ground troops in Iraq and Syria. \If we don't do these things soon, what you've seen in Paris is coming to America.\
National security and Wall Street were major topics of conversation.
Her fellow candidates hit hard during the debate, questioning her record.
The U.S. is on track for the fewest executions since 1991.
\That's just media stuff.\
No one wanted to talk about how they'd pay for their plans.
The bus struck several moving vehicles as well as a bicyclist and two pedestrians.
Voters who watched the debate say they'd rather hear the candidates attack the Democrats than each other.
The debate will put candidates on the spot over national security and their plans to fight the Islamic State.
DES MOINES \u2014 In the hours after the deadly attacks in Paris, CBS News significantly reworked its plans for the Democratic
\No rough sea, no wall, no fence will hinder these people from taking their journey.\
There can be no freedom anywhere if Paris is a prisoner.
Some criticized the Obama administration's foreign policy.
Efforts to circumvent the coordination ban have grown more aggressive.
The terrorist attacks shook the world, producing shocked, saddened and angry responses.
Education Management Corporation won't have to admit wrongdoing, which might prevent swindled students from discharging their federal loans.
In August of this year, news broke that Goldman Sachs plans to acquire certain assets and liabilities of GE Capital Bank, as General Electric downsizes its financial services division. Under the proposed transaction, Goldman would obtain around $16 billion of deposits. Goldman Sachs must not be allowed to grow through this transaction.
Netanyahu should not have been hosted and feted in Washington, he should have been called out by policy makers for his behavior. Until that occurs, nothing will change. Palestinians will remain invisible victims, denied their rights, and peace will remain as elusive as ever.
Congress is responsible for managing major government policies year-by-year, as our experience and goals evolve. How does that work in the case of huge trade deals like the Trans-Pacific partnership (TPP)?
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told Democrats he might schedule the vote.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Wyoming Rep. Cynthia Lummis, a member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus, announced Thursday that she will retire.
A staffer for Tammy Duckworth caught them in the act, but the Kirk campaign denies involvement.
Minimum-wage workers around the country are taking to the streets. Will one of the Democratic contenders give them something to rally around?
We should all be paying attention.
Lee Robert Moore, who worked at the White House, faces charges including solicitation of a minor.
Some of the biggest donors on the left plan to meet behind closed doors next week in Washington with leaders of the Black
\To say that I have a right to violate your civil rights because you're offending me is un-American. It is unconstitutional.\
Two pollsters weigh in on the difficulty of surveying Latinos. Recent polling misses at home and abroad give reason for caution. And Americans aren't buying Ben Carson's theory about the ancient pyramids. This is HuffPollster for Friday, November 13, 2015.
\It is so immature, so embarrassing, I feel so sorry for him,\ Carson's business manager said.
\Legal? Good. Illegal? Bad.\
The Kentucky senator is working hard to differentiate himself from other GOP contenders on defense.
Carter referred to \allegations of misconduct\ but did not specify what the allegations referred to.
The incoming lieutenant governor touted her outsider credentials on the campaign trail.
Republican strategists want him to take a firm position.
The Department of Justice  \found widespread noncompliance\ with federal law.
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 Smoking could soon be banned in the nation's public housing. The Department of Housing and Urban Development
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The largest national law enforcement agency has been reviewing the policy for over a year.
The president has taken executive action on gun control before. He could do it again.
Rubio's fighting back.
Wait... Alaska?!
His remarks come as more and more students are fighting against racism on campuses.
It's like when your dad tries to use the term \on fleek.\
Conservationists question the science behind the state wildlife commission\u2019s removal of protections for the predators.
Why do schools treat students like criminals?
CLEVELAND, Ohio \u2013 Nina Turner, the former state senator from Cleveland and a top Ohio Democratic Party official, is ditching
And even fewer share Ben Carson's belief that the pyramids were grain silos.
\We became friends about a decade ago because we discovered that we were so much alike and shared the same values and principles that govern our lives.\
It's the second major union to throw its weight behind the Vermont senator rather than Hillary Clinton.
\I know there are so many kids in this state and across the country who can benefit from this.\
\We are concerned that such unwarranted investigations are racially motivated.\
He said that he is not yet satisfied with progress at the VA.
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 Secret Service officials say they arrested a man outside the White House after he used a slingshot to fire
It appears the court won't be dealing a blow to worker efforts to bring class action lawsuits against their employers.
97 unarmed people were shot. Black people were shot at triple the rate of whites and Latinos.
Democrats and reform groups want the president to issue an executive order on campaign finance disclosure.
Two bills to improve psychiatric care are moving through Congress.
\It\u2019s not right,\ the veteran said of DOD's payments to sports teams.
The Louisiana governor did his homework.
\This is our way of saying thank you,\ says Bruce Richards, who, along with his wife, has pledged to match up to $1 million in donations.
They meet again!
\Even having this conversation sends a powerful signal.\
Dole is also serving as the campaign's national veterans' chairman.
When three Virginia police officers put Linwood Lambert in a squad car around 5 a.m. on May 4, 2013, they said they were
See how the day was recognized around the world.
Are you surprised?
Have they tried hanging an \Under New Management\ sign on the Capitol Dome?
Several Republican presidential candidates have invested time and energy trying to court Koch in the hopes of gaining the substantial financial backing that could come with an endorsement.
He thinks we need \more welders.\
The share of Americans who are uninsured has dropped to 9 percent.
He said we need to enforce our laws.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\We\u2019re galvanizing attention and getting the resources we need to address the problem.\
The face-off In Milwaukee lends further evidence to the likelihood that this is going to be a long primary campaign.
Former Rep. Patrick Kennedy says veterans with mental health problems often fight a different sort of war after they come home.
The hurricane's maximum sustained winds early Wednesday are near 75 mph.
He accused the Fed of creating unpredictability in the economy.
\I met him in Beijing. We were in sort of a green room setting, actually.\
In an interview with BuzzFeed News on Monday, Curtis Bakal, an editorial assistant at the satirical Yale Record who says
Why the GOP isn't so forgiving with the uninsured, the unemployed or the poor.
\When you look at some of the struggles our veterans are dealing with, the suicide rates, it just is common sense,\ says Rep. Glenn Thompson (R-Pa.).
Her rivals for the Democratic presidential nomination also are making pitches for better veterans care.
We'll be picking apart all three hours of the GOP debates.
It needs to move fast to appeal a circuit court's latest ruling.
California is now losing nearly 90,000 acres a year to wildfires.
The candidates vying to replace Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal are also facing off Tuesday evening.
\We really don't focus on the red or the blue. We are just green.\
He's courting voters, but he's also after big money donors.
A vote in Spokane gives nearly 2,000 residents a second chance.
\It is now clear that the administration strongly supports the Equality Act.\
Christopher Manney shot Dontre Hamilton 14 times in April of last year.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
ProPublica has created a database that lets you look up your representatives\u2019 missed votes, as well as their explanations.
Extreme weather is linked to global unrest, he said.
WASHINGTON, Nov 9 (Reuters) - The U.S. National Security Agency is ready to end later this month collecting Americans' domestic
A potential strategic rift between the Bush campaign and its affiliated super PAC is exposed.
Nearly 400 USS Oklahoma sailors and Marines were buried as \unknowns.\
\The Science Guy\ says GOP candidates risk losing the younger vote if they eschew the topic.
\It doesn\u2019t dawn on them that friends who are gay or friends\u2019 parents who are same-sex couples should be treated differently than anyone else.\
In December 1988, J\u00f6rg Winger was a West German Army radio operator eavesdropping on Soviet military channels when he overheard
This time, it's the head of the Minneapolis Federal Reserve Bank.
Time zone differences and language barriers add to Hawaii's HealthCare.gov hurdles.
\You cannot piecemeal this kind of thing and think it is going to have the impact that it should have.\
Residents of about 35 homes were asked to evacuate.
Even Jeb.
The neighborhood program calls for teams of officers to be assigned to a specific area, where they would build relationships with residents and businesses.
Republican presidential hopefuls square off Tuesday in Milwaukee, when it won't just be journalists pressing Carson about his life story.
The League of Conservation Voters Action Fund on Monday intends to endorse Hillary Rodham Clinton, the first time in three
Pressure is mounting on the education secretary to relieve defrauded student loan borrowers of their debts.
The party's evolution is good news for Rubio, Cruz, Carson and Trump -- and bad news for anyone named Bush.
As voters in numerous states express increasing concern over the rise in drug abuse, current Republican presidential front
Trouble in America's statehouses
It's the biggest Supreme Court case you've never heard of.
\Change in education takes time and requires a long term focus.\
The state could have become the nation's third to implement automatic registration.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Hedge Funder Paul Singer is spearheading a network similar to the Koch Brothers' group. And he likes the Florida Republican.
\This is the just and moral thing to do.\
Disability benefits
Obama used his first post to talk about climate change.
Unlike impeachment, which requires indictment by the House and trial by the Senate, direct removal of a state officeholder only requires a two-thirds vote in the Senate after \a full hearing.\
WASHINGTON, Nov 7 (Reuters) - Presidential candidate Marco Rubio put more than $7,000 in personal expenses on a Republican
Sanders says he agrees with the Democratic front-runner on \a number of\ issues -- but not Wall Street.
As the senator rises in the polls, his opponents are raising his previous work on immigration reform.
\I know it's a crazy idea, but maybe we focus on the issues impacting the American people.\
President Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will seek to move beyond the nasty public clash over the Iran
That's more than some of his rivals raised in the last three months.
\It's hard for a person who is homeless to have dignity.\
\Show me somebody ... who is 100 percent accurate in everything that they say that happened 40 or 50 years ago.\
\There's no aloha anymore in Hawaii.\
Here's a summary of what's happened so far.
Any decision to select a U.S. facility would require congressional approval \u2014 something U.S. lawmakers say is unlikely.
\We are not focused on numbers of strikes. We are focused on effects of our strikes.\
The World Bank says climate change threatens the goal of eradicating poverty by 2030.
She's back.
This week, as the East Coast basked in balmy June temperatures, we saw both urgency and action on climate change. The urgency arrived on Thursday in the form of a major report compiled from 33 different research groups that found that \human-caused climate change\ played a role in at least 14 extreme weather events last year. The action came a day later as President Obama, on the eve of the U.N. Climate Change Conference in Paris, announced the rejection of the Keystone XL pipeline, saying the project would \undercut\ America's \global leadership\ on climate change. \If we want to prevent the worst effects of climate change before it's too late, the time to act is now,\ he said. \Not later. Not someday. Right here, right now.\ After all, as this week's report showed, the effects of climate change are also right here, right now.
Carson lashes out at his critics, stating many of these events happened long ago. That may true, but they were important enough for him to share when his history served his purpose -- so shouldn't he be an accurate historian?
Jeb! just can\u2019t catch a break.
Mr. Carson\u2019s biography, a rise from poverty to become a top neurosurgeon at Johns Hopkins University, is central to his candidacy
Their message was clear
\Trust me -- the way the media deals with politics would radically change.\
An influx of endorsements for the senator could make it harder for him to distance himself from the party establishment that primary voters loathe.
Marco Rubio must have something to hide. There was a reason the presidential candidate wasn\u2019t letting people see his long
Internal review rejects cameras. Customs says it was only a \draft\ report.
\If you had been caught smoking marijuana and had it on your record, would you be the governor of Ohio right now?\
\The question is not shouting at each other.\
She also thinks coloring books are indoctrinating children to do \transgender stuff.\
Doing so would allow more medical research, she said.
Victims are compensated, as long as they promise to never speak publicly about what happened to them.
She said some states \have gone way too far.\
Kshama Sawant was re-elected to Seattle's city council this week.
\He was selling loose cigarettes. Was it illegal? Sure. Did he need to die? No.\
Like other gay couples before the days of same-sex marriage, one partner adopted the other so they could have some legal rights.
The \far right successfully engendered a lot of fear and anxiety against the ordinance.\
For over two decades, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been playing us for fools--a role we have filled to the detriment of our national honor and the cause of peace.
The poor dears didn't care for the questions! So now they want changes.
In the kerfuffle over presidential candidate Ben Carson's claim that he was admitted to West Point, the news media have pointed out that the \full scholarship\ part of his story adds even more confusion because, as the New York Times story today put it, \Technically, West Point does not offer scholarships. It is free.\ Actually, no, West Point and the other military academies are not free, technically or otherwise.
The rejection of the Keyston XL Pipeline revealed not only the gigantic chasm between environmentalists and industry, it also laid bare the ugly side of American politics where common sense often dies a slow, painful death.
As Jeb Bush attempts to reboot his stalled bid for the presidency, he and his campaign are looking to New Hampshire as the
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders told reporters Wednesday that President Obama should reject the Keystone
He'll be accompanied by Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State John Kerry.
A bipartisan coalition will work to reverse what one said was \destroying us from the inside.\
Relying on polls is a terrible way to decide who gets to take the stage.
It is unclear what impact his order would have on the case of Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis.
Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson on Friday conceded that he never applied nor was granted admission to West Point
The U.S. intelligence community has retreated from claims that two emails in Hillary Clinton\u2019s private account contained
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The relentless bitter cold the U.S. East Coast faced during the winter of 2013-2014 is becoming increasingly rare \u2014 possibly
He called medical marijuana \a joke.\
Davis stopped issuing marriage licenses after the Supreme Court legalized gay marriage in June.
What will it take to motivate Dems to revive their party? How about thousands of Kentuckians being kicked off health insurance?
Body cameras are pointless if we can't make sure cops are using them correctly.
Can you guess what aspect of David Vitter's checkered past Edwards is emphasizing? Come on, you can do it, just guess!
The leading Republican presidential candidate embellished his biography. How much does it matter?
Officials said there was insufficient evidence to pursue charges.
A combination of factors led pollsters to miss the mark in the Kentucky governor's race. Marco Rubio, while still the underdog, is gaining significantly in the polls. And several low-polling candidates won't make it to the next Fox debate. This is HuffPollster for Friday, November 6, 2015.
The president praised Adidas' offer to help schools rebrand.
Roughly 40 percent of Democrats say they support the project.
He leads the GOP field in Iowa.
Fewer than 500 copies have been sold in 2 weeks.
They'll be at the kids table debate with Bobby Jindal and Rick Santorum.
Cops fear they'll \become the next viral video,\ Chuck Rosenberg says.
IOWA PARK, Texas \u2014 Silvestre Segovia had vowed many times over that he would never return to solitary confinement.
He says authorities targeted him because of his big-spending lifestyle.
Jeb Bush\u2019s decision to attack old friend and new rival Marco Rubio is backfiring, pushing important supporters to criticize
The New York attorney general has begun a sweeping investigation of Exxon Mobil to determine whether the company lied to
\My family was not somehow conspiring to turn me into a tougher, hard-nosed individual. I got there all by myself.\
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
What do Donald Trump, Jeb Bush, and the Democratic National Committee have in common?
The GOP wants to preserve government payouts to banks.
Oregon is leading the way. \ud83d\ude97
Nancy Pelosi called the new speaker's approach \challenging,\ \interesting\ and \curious.\
The payouts are part of the new highway funding bill.
The sign said candy was for Americans only.
Thousands of high schoolers on Saturday will slide into desks at test centers across the country and put their pencils down
Crickets.
\If we were smart, we would do it.\
We have recently marked the 20th anniversary of the assassination of then Israeli prime minister Yitzhak Rabin, a good friend
We like it, Jill!
Larry Sanders gets candid and emotional about his younger brother.
About half of the benefits would go to the wealthiest 5 percent of Americans.
Fast-food workers, already a potent political force, are planning their largest nationwide strike yet next week and this
Investigators are reportedly scrutinizing whether the company misled investors about the risks of climate change.
Voters rebuffed a more ambitious proposal that would have raised it to $15.
Huge gains in health coverage are at risk when GOP Gov.-elect Matt Bevin takes office next year.
How does a check for $580 sound?
Also, God is female. Fair.
A few hours before their afternoon shift at the Marshall County Mine last spring, hundreds of coal miners were summoned to
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Ernest Lee Johnson claims the execution drug could cause painful seizures because he still has part of a benign tumor in his brain.
Donald Trump and Ben Carson are still dominating the polls, but many in the crowded Republican presidential race are now
McCaskill accused Johnson of cherry-picking details that would make Clinton look bad.
His campaign suggests Clinton is open to cutting benefits.
Early voting results show Houston's equal rights ordinance failing by a wide margin, with 62.5 percent of voters opting to
Mitch McConnell achieves his dream of Republican hegemony in the Bluegrass, but the GOP he built isn\u2019t his to run.
He's been getting grief for saying he wouldn't end it immediately.
Six Dems will serve on what they call the Select Committee to Attack Women's Health.
Details about the spending, which included repairs for Rubio's family minivan, emerged in his 2010 U.S. Senate race. But
Two New Hampshire polls and one national poll released this week show gains for Rubio.
Publicly funded candidates will now have more resources to fight back against super PACs.
The Democratic leader subsists on chocolate, oatmeal and avoiding the gym.
Troops sent to combat zones were supposed to be exempt from interest on their student loans -- yet they've paid at least $100 million.
The two tea party Republicans tried to cover up their affair while they were in office.
And 22 percent of black millennials said they or someone they knew were the victim of gun violence in the last year.
The justice's hard-line approach to interpreting criminal law may spare a man from a 10-year sentence.
\Violent and uncontrollable seizures\ could result if Ernest Johnson is administered Missouri's drug protocol.
He's setting up a stark contrast from Mitt Romney's campaign.
The passage of public financing ballot initiatives points a way forward for reformers.
Defense attorneys can be given leeway to choose jurors more likely to side with their client.
Good luck with the female electorate.
Four of seven polls conducted in the state in October show Clinton leading Sanders.
Are you heading to the polls?
He is a perfect con artist. And his history with Mannatech seems to serve as a precursor to his current enterprise.
Laura Shadle likes Hillary Clinton. But the 23-year-old Penn State senior is more inspired by Bernie Sanders.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\How many people have to die before we actually act?\
Police now live in fear \of someone whipping out their phone and brutally filming them.\
The government says no one is on a hunger strike.
If controversial riders are added to the budget, the government could shut down in December.
The move comes as the Obama administration was widely expected to reject the pipeline permit application.
\They're going to try to get blood out of a stone, and that's not good for anyone but the debt collectors.\
A soft-spoken hardliner approaches front-runner status.
Sen. Cory Gardner (R-Colo.) endorsed the candidate earlier this week.
The only way \citizens\ are \united\ is that they are screwed, forever.
He and his brother gave MSNBC an exclusive joint interview on Tuesday.
Polls show a small lead for Democrat Jack Conway, but an independent candidate could be a factor.
The Bluegrass State has seen a huge drop in the uninsured. GOP Gov.-elect Matt Bevin wants to change that.
The former president is still working to help Habitat for Humanity, even after his cancer diagnosis.
Law enforcement officers accused of sexual misconduct have jumped from job to job \u2014 and at times faced fresh allegations
But unforeseen procedural issues may force the justices not to decide the case at all.
No damages or injuries were reported.
She's not happy.
The Senate is also extending its summer break.
The move would jam Democrats on a popular bill.
Here's everything you need to know to start your day.
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 As President Barack Obama has toured the country in a recent push for a criminal justice overhaul, he's
This begins to add up when you do the math. Nelson has spent the past 60 years touring the American landscape; the current
\I think we are a harbinger of education reform, what can persist and succeed and what cannot.\
Backstage at Farm Aid is a hidden city.
Yikes.
Volkswagen admitted in September it had installed software in 11 million cars to evade emissions tests.
Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz both had good nights. Jeb Bush did not.
The influential senator urged her colleagues to hold the line against big banks.
Thomas Loden Jr. pleaded guilty in the rape and killing of a waitress in 2000.
Representatives from the campaigns are meeting Sunday to discuss how to change the debate format.
Deborah L. Pierce, an emergency room doctor in Philadelphia, was optimistic when she brought a sex discrimination claim against
Several Republican presidential campaigns began mapping out new demands Sunday for greater control over the format and content
\u201cWe do not determine burial eligibility based on political views,\ a representative for the cemetery said.
\I may be known in the tiny corners of the tubes of the Internets, but I am not well-known to the American public.\
He's tried it before.
The author of the controversial opinion should have known, even in 2010, that his \instant disclosure\ fix didn't exist.
\Parents should be allowed to decide how to educate their children, not whether to educate their children.\
\If they\u2019re acting out, there\u2019s a lot of alternatives to picking them up and throwing them on the ground.\
Among the diesel models officials named as being in violation of U.S. laws are the Porsche Cayenne sport utility vehicle and five Audi models.
\No men in women's bathrooms\ is the slogan for opponents of the civil rights protections.
Worst. Joke. Ever.
Talk about shooting yourself in the foot.
A potential fight over Planned Parenthood could complicate the recent show of bipartisanship.
GOP candidates are now trying to change debate rules themselves.
WASHINGTON \u2014 When he ran for the Senate from Texas in 2012, Ted Cruz welcomed the comparisons on Capitol Hill and in the
It would take the debate out of debating!
\It's hard for me, as a human being, to sign the death warrant.\
\It is not a deterrent anymore because it's seldom used.\
President Obama and his FBI director are sparring over whether the so-called \u201cFerguson Effect\u201d is real, complicating the
DES MOINES, Iowa \u2013 Jeb Bush and Sen. Marco Rubio came to the same stage for the first time since their debate showdown earlier
\That is not in the cards.\
Republicans and Democrats see in Ryan someone who actually has a chance, slim as it may be, to repair the divides in Congress.
That's more than some of his rivals have raised in three months.
The newly elected speaker says the president can't be trusted.
\People are sick and tired of establishment politics and they want real change.\
\And I think that's the wrong thing to do.\
On this front, at least, the new speaker is kinda like the last speaker.
\You know when you ever go to a hotel room or get a rental car that has been smoked?  That's what this smells like.\
Premiums are going up, but that's not the whole story.
The Constitution prohibits excluding jurors on the basis of race, but there isn't much the justices can do to remedy that.
The new speaker recognizes the value of being home, but doesn't want it legislated.
Affordable housing advocates say it would open up more housing and help reduce the city's skyrocketing housing prices.
The one-time Republican presidential hopeful died of lymphoma, family says.
The 112-page document from the Bush campaign details Rubio's alleged inexperience.
On Friday, the White House announced that the U.S. will deploy about 50 special forces in Syria.
Boots are \on the ground\ in Syria, and Gitmo is still open.
A much smaller pope makes a return to the White House.
Oct 30 (Reuters) - Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton called on Friday for a series of criminal justice
Ben Carson\u2019s campaign wants to take the coming Republican presidential primary debates off television and broadcast them
Pick-up basketball can fix many problems -- including this one.
Clinton was at a rally in Atlanta to unveil her criminal justice reform plan.
\u201cCould you imagine a debate moderated by Sean Hannity and Rush Limbaugh and Mark Levin?\
Oct 30 (Reuters) - One of the wealthiest and most influential Republican donors is throwing his support behind the presidential
He's been writing about them on Facebook.
\Top prize goes to Lil' Pope.\
And what that tells us about the decline of the government lawyer -- and the law itself -- in the context of national security.
They're not racist, they just want a white ethno-state.
Proposals include drawing straws and gaining veto power over who moderates.
As President Obama approaches his final year in power, a political impasse over the Guant\u00e1namo prison appears increasingly
Don't underestimate the importance of super PAC money in local elections this year.
We tell our children to control themselves while slapping and spanking and ejecting them violently in our homes, child care centers, schools, detention facilities and prisons. Adults tell children to be honest while lying and cheating and not to be violent while marketing and glorifying violence.
Welcome to our annual frightfest! Each year we crank up the special effects soundtrack and present our very own scary stories for both sides of the political aisle. This year's presidential campaign is frightening enough, no matter where you sit on the political spectrum.
Politicians lie! I know it, you know it, we all know it! Call Bullshit is the first interactive show where you can call politicians out on all their bullshit in a funny and engaging way.
Protecting civilians in wartime is a cornerstone of the international system and the United Nations. Indifference will only make our world far less secure. Our continued failure to act is a disgrace and a stain on the conscience of the world. Even war has rules; it is time to enforce them.
If more Americans were aware of the tragic tale of Shaker Aamer's treatment, it would be safe to assume his instant release would have come to the backdrop of throngs of cheering well-wishers.
The highest-ranking official known to lose her job in Jeb Bush\u2019s flagging campaign is Christine Ciccone, the campaign\u2019s chief
As Baltimore cleans up from rioting over the death of Freddie Gray, many wonder how the city will recover.
Sanders didn't ask for an endorsement.
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said the rising number of border crossings by families and children was due to \push factors\ in Central America, such as crime and violence
Over the weekend, about 6,112 people will be freed from federal custody, the largest one-time release in U.S. history and
Republican presidential campaigns are planning to gather in Washington, D.C., on Sunday evening to plot how to alter their
Internet data and media pundits try to point to a debate winner, but take it with big grains of salt. Iowa polls that show Hillary Clinton far ahead could be outliers. And Mark Blumenthal sums up his time at HuffPost. This is HuffPollster for Friday, October 30, 2015.
Last year, a top lieutenant of Charles and David Koch\u2019s vast network of philanthropic institutions, laid bare the billionaire
He believes she's the candidate who can \fundamentally address income inequality effectively.\
NEWTON, N.H. \u2014 When Courtney Griffin was using heroin, she lied, disappeared and stole constantly from her parents to support
Many of us have noted that Marco Rubio has carried out an eerie reprise of George W. Bush\u2019s 2000 strategy, which uses a combination
U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will in the coming days outline what her campaign describes as an
Find out all you need to know this morning in the short video above.
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 Congress early Friday sent President Barack Obama an ambitious budget and debt measure that averts a catastrophic
Listen up, Kim Davis.
The protesters appear to be students from a consortium of historically black colleges.
Cruz trounced the outsider candidates, while Rubio trampled some guy polling in the single digits.
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services held a Halloween-themed naturalization ceremony for kids. It was very cute.
A West Virginia police department becomes latest to direct addicts toward treatment instead of a jail cell.
Apparently, a lot of people are going as jerks this Halloween.
If you're still looking for a last-minute costume idea, the presidential candidates have got you covered.
\There's a lot of evidence they misled people.\
A permanent 9/11 bill has majority support, but two congressmen decided to write their own temporary bills instead.
:)
It's been three years since the attack.
Even before Jeb Bush's uninspiring debate performance Wednesday night, his sputtering presidential campaign was working to
\We are not settling the score, we are wiping the slate clean.\
When Alan Barton first arrived at Whiskey Creek Shellfish Hatchery in 2007, he wasn\u2019t expecting to stay very long.
Wearing a crisp white shirt, Robert \u201cCowboy Bob\u201d Macy sits in a plush beige chair in front of the camera. His face is wrinkled
He's playing it cool.
CNN asked the candidate about her claim that women fared poorly during Obama's first term.
The candidates kept dodging questions on policy -- or just made stuff up.
\Here we go again.\
A number of donors to Jeb Bush\u2019s campaign were reportedly jittery about sticking by him even before Wednesday\u2019s lackluster
They're baaaacccckkkk.
\ud83d\udc8b
Watch HuffPost's morning newsbrief for everything you need to know to start your day.
Front-runners Donald Trump and Ben Carson took a back seat to the other candidates.
The Supreme Court rejected Correll's appeal to postpone the execution.
There were quite a few questionable claims made during the event.
The party's presidential hopefuls and Capitol Hill leaders know they have to get real if they hope to lead the country  -- and the world.
Ryan easily surpassed the 218 votes he needed.
If you thought it sounded familiar, you are correct!
Well, this is new.
Bush and Rubio's top spokesmen traded thinly veiled attacks Thursday morning.
And they're threatening to sue.
\Effectively it's day trading without any regulation at all.\
The government's actions on sports gambling matter to millions of people.
*Wipes tear*
Edwards \was so fixed on becoming a national figure that his Senate service was basically over,\ Reid said. \That's what I see in Marco Rubio.\
Who needs to be likable?
Things got heated.
\Let's be frank. The House is broken. We're not solving problems, we're adding to them.\
But the pressure didn't only come from Clinton, he added.
\My wife is down here in the front, and I'm sure, if you'd like to talk to her later, she can give you more than you'll ever be able to take care of.\
Ouch.
\Donald Trump is Donald Trump. It doesn't surprise me that he's doing that. I would only be surprised if he didn't,\ Carson said.
\I think it is a recipe for disaster.\
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 Jeb Bush sought to calm anxious donors with a comeback strategy focused on taking down rival Marco Rubio
Republicans love to hate the media.
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 The Republican candidates for president will gather Wednesday for their third debate amid fresh volatility
Right now, we're in a car, hanging on for dear life as we hurtle around a mountain bend.
He was indicted in May.
We'll watch the debate, so you don't have to.
The Democratic presidential candidate wants GOP challengers to stand up to the NRA.
A man who initially didn't want the job is now all but certain to get it.
Reply hazy; try again.
\Yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.\
Four men do their best.\nYet none of it will matter.\nLife, for them, is pain.
The former attorney general dismissed the notion that there's a \Ferguson effect\ causing a rise in crime.
All Democrats and 79 Republicans voted in favor of it.
\We have made more of an effort to get to other places where other people aren\u2019t necessarily going to be.\
The president made time to cheer on his beloved team at the United Center.
\I'm not a scientist and I've got the grades to prove it.\
\I'm sorry he doesn\u2019t like his job, because I love mine.\
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is waging a behind-the-scenes battle against transparency efforts.
Marijuana is currently classified alongside substances like heroin and LSD.
\ud83d\udc51
They would cost trillions of dollars.
\You are not with us now, we will not be with you then.\
A federal court's ruling could bolster debt-forgiveness claims by allegedly defrauded Corinthian students.
The candidates are getting ready to submit to their third televised battle. But will their massive field finally start to winnow?
Justice Anthony Kennedy, a member of the Supreme Court\u2019s conservative bloc who nevertheless has authored several important
Here's everything you need to know to start your Tuesday morning.
\This is a no-brainer, this is the simplest thing in the world.\
The endorsement gives Clinton a boost from a progressive senator in a key state.
WICHITA, Kan.\u2014Charles Koch sounds a lot like an ordinary voter when he bemoans what he said is a lack of substance and civility
This is the first time since July that Trump has fallen out of first place.
Two new polls show her rapidly outpacing Bernie Sanders, but most others give her a far more modest edge.
They'll start airing during the third Republican primary debate.
Donald Trump walks into a bar ...
Hillary Clinton's testimony mostly confirmed what people already thought of the candidate -- and the lawmakers grilling her.
Speech comes after White House distanced itself from FBI director's comments on \Ferguson effect.\
But conservative members slam the two-year agreement as a gift to Obama.
\Paul Ryan's staff was involved in crafting the provision for weeks.\
\There is no excuse for violence inside a school.\
The report suggests \progressive\ hiring practices would lead to less violence.
Eighteen other Republicans are behind him.
By Dustin Volz WASHINGTON, Oct 27 (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate easily passed legislation on Tuesday aimed at bolstering the
James Comey continues to argue the \Ferguson effect\ is fueling the crime surge.
But only 1 in 4 overall backed forcing a shutdown to block Planned Parenthood's money.
Seven in 10 Republicans who support a candidate are still not sure on their choice.
\u201cAn officer of the court allowed her friendship with a police officer to eclipse her public obligation to uphold justice.\
\We're not always, 'no, no, no, hell no.'\
The senator is fighting back against special perks that can encourage financial advisers to push clients into bad investments.
Some hedge funds and lawyers are going to be paying Uncle Sam a little bit more.
\This incident is outrageous and unforgivable and doesn\u2019t represent what this district is.\
There won't be a limit to the number of candidates who can participate in the main event.
\By cancelling the panel, SXSW has assisted those who wish to silence women by threatening violence.\
He did get two out of four letters, so there's that.
With so few officers traditionally held accountable for brutality, a handful of indictments sadly looks like progress.
He rejected an us-versus-them thought process.
Dear Ms. Coe,\u201d an archivist at Marquette University, Senator Joseph McCarthy\u2019s alma mater, wrote in an email, \u201cI regret to
\There's a war on coal in America,\ says Mitch McConnell, \and the leader is the president of the United States.\
But the new total isn't a big increase from what 2013 grads owed.
Good morning! Here's a quick recap of all the news you need to know to start your day.
WASHINGTON -- The White House and congressional leaders appear close to finalizing a critical budget deal that would increase
Ted Cruz could not have asked for a better political environment. A sizable portion of the Republican primary electorate
Outgoing House Speaker John Boehner hopes to finalize a deal to raise the debt ceiling before he leaves office.
Cruz\u2019s un\u00ador\u00adtho\u00addox campaign has hit on a fundraising formula that no other candidate has been able to match
His famous family rallies around to attempt to revive his flagging campaign.
Six polls in a row now show the former neurosurgeon tied with or ahead of Donald Trump.
\Of the explanations I have heard, it is the one that makes the most sense to me.\
He was in Los Angeles for a fundraiser.
\ud83c\udf82\ud83c\udf88\ud83c\udf89
Only 17 percent of Americans polled say they support the movement.
\Their inability to compromise has come to the point of actually endangering people\u2019s lives.\
Facing a tough re-election bid, Ayotte stakes out a moderate position on power plants.
The state flag has the Confederate battle emblem in the upper left corner.
So will all processed and red meats.
Testing amounts to about 2.3 percent of classroom time for the average eighth-grader in public school.
Some couples are paying the price for the agency's lack of preparedness.
Some are spiking, but the overall trend seems moderate.
It's hard to see any of the other presidential candidates doing this.
\Patience is a virtue.\
Clinton has not been afraid to call out companies by name.
\u201cNone of the candidates seemed to rise to the occasion at the JJ dinner,\ one Democratic staffer says.
They laid out one rule for their guests
The two men could not be more different
Rufus Scales, 26 and black, was driving his younger brother Devin to his hair-cutting class in this genteel, leafy city when
He'll face Democratic state Rep. John Bel Edwards on the Nov. 21 ballot.
The legislation is a broad measure that would consolidate existing bans on discrimination tied to race, sex, religion and other categories.
They say the law is \so unconstitutional in so many ways.\
The legendary journalist says, accurately, that politicians mislead all the time.
\I believed he would have been the best president.\u201d
DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) \u2014 Bernie Sanders sharpened the contrast with Hillary Rodham Clinton on a bevy of liberal causes on
DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) \u2014 Hillary Rodham Clinton turned to her husband, former President Bill Clinton, and pop singer Katy
\He doesn't speak in a way that Washington politicians are trained to speak, so to some people that sounds crazy but to me and most of America that sounds refreshing.\
\He knows you cannot function -- this government can't function without reaching some consensus, and he wants to do that.\
The insurgent GOP candidate says no to exceptions for rape and incest.
The two insurgent candidates continue to dominate the GOP presidential field.
And now, he's going after her by name.
The government was investigating whether they violated national security laws while defending accused al-Qaeda militants.
No one is above the quiet car rules, governor.
\I don\u2019t believe that that movement should be justified when they are calling for the murdering of police officers.\
The arrest could have been ripped from a Hollywood script, playing out on the eve of a statewide election.
One of the hardiest and most irresistible political fallacies holds that, if your side\u2019s agenda is failing, it has failed
Do you agree?
\Blah, blah, blah.\
On January 1st of 2013, Natasha Velez\u2019s then-boyfriend assaulted her, choking her and fracturing her index finger on her
CHICAGO (AP) \u2014 Police anxiety in the era of ever-present cellphone cameras and viral videos partly explains why violent crime
A few \u201cbad apples\u201d can change the culture of a whole police department. Honorable cops in Baltimore feel pressured to honor
\A hundred years ago workers took to the streets to fight for 40 hours.\
I am a patient boy, I wait, I wait, I wait, I wait.
NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 Academy Award-winning filmmaker Quentin Tarantino joined hundreds of demonstrators waving signs, shouting
Walker has been involved in two of these probes.
A new video obtained by NBC News claims to show the raid on an ISIS prison that killed one American soldier and rescued 69
Please President Hillary Clinton and others, work with our community. Listen to our real needs and actively engage on future advancements. Less Katy Perry, more employment opportunities. If you will do this then I will be happy to say, I was wrong.
It is evident that the United States government needs to review how they operate. Currently, the system is not one of representation through vote, but representation through dollar bills.
Some states have been struggling to obtain legal execution drugs for several years after European companies refused to sell the drugs.
What could the news be?
Her resignation is effective immediately.
Oontz oontz oontz.
Ouch.
Look for the Florida senator's cash-poor campaign staff squatting at your local coffeehouse!
They've concluded it's better to push back on the GOP than bail.
At the second Republican presidential debate, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie claimed that he\u2019s \u201cnot against medical marijuana
By the end of a marathon 11-hour hearing Thursday, Hillary Clinton had a scratchy tickle in her throat.
Farewell to dreams of the metric system becoming a campaign issue.
\In March they voted for a budget that they're now sabotaging in October.\
Earlier this month, billionaire Bob McNair, owner of the Houston Texans NFL team, donated $10,000 to the Campaign for Houston
The decision not to press charges was announced in a letter to members of Congress.
But because participating in the Benghazi committee paid off, Democrats may do the same for Planned Parenthood.
Most think highly of him, but aren't sure he had a path to victory.
A second Iowa poll shows Ben Carson surpassing Donald Trump. Expect a bump in polls for Hillary Clinton now that Joe Biden is officially out of the race. And one of us is moving on. This is HuffPollster for Friday, October 23, 2015
And Democrats should be thrilled.
\When you make a risky investment you should not expect to get 100 percent back on your dollar.\
NEW YORK, Oct 22 (Reuters) - The New Jersey Senate voted to override Governor Chris Christie's veto of a gun control bill
Clinton has won the vast majority of union endorsements this cycle.
GOP candidate's tweet was practically an invitation for some Photoshop.
The Obamacare website is getting some important updates.
VIRGINIA BEACH, Va. (AP) \u2014 Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush is drastically slashing campaign spending, including
Here\u2019s a crash course in the case.
Justice Edward McLaughlin took to the press to defend himself against Mayor Bill de Blasio and NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton.
Rappers urge the young to \get your voice heard\ at an anniversary concert.
A divided federal appeals court all but extinguished relief for civil rights violations in the national security context.
If anyone doubted the Benghazi committee was a partisan joke, yesterday's Clinton hearing confirmed hit
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\I\u2019m telling you, it\u2019s giving your wife your checkbook.\
A federal watchdog plans to send the U.S. Secret Service a formal warning Thursday about the security risks of overworking
It went down to the wire. But in the end, the vice president decided it was too late to mount a credible campaign.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
On Thursday, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will testify in front of the House Select Committee on Benghazi
Donald Trump has dropped to second place.
Obama says African-Americans aren't making up their concerns about law enforcement.
What they say about the investigation depends on how you ask.
This is... awkward.
Four Americans died.
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 Hillary Rodham Clinton firmly defended her record before and during the Benghazi attacks as she came face
Sanders also shows off his impersonation skills.
\I am ready and eager to be our speaker.\
But today was that day.
The Republican chairman and ranking Democrat on the House Benghazi committee each distorted the facts during TV appearances to discuss the committee\u2019s work.
HuffPost spends a day on the trail with the feisty New Jersey governor, who remains a master of the town hall format.
The undocumented activist has been critical of Hillary Clinton.
No explanation has been given for the raids.
The good news
\If there's a coal mine on a reservation, let's use it.\
\It is time now for the Republicans to end this taxpayer-funded fishing expedition.\
\Today\u2019s vote will never make up for the inactions of the past, but it is my hope that the order will finally bring relief to those that have waited for so long.\
Lots of Blumenthal, e-mails and Benghazi. Not so much Obama.
The banks are sticking with their picks.
One agent who allegedly assaulted a prostitute was given a $1,500 bonus.
On Jan. 18, 2013, as the sun went down, Jeff Lockhart Jr. got ready for work. He slipped a T-shirt over his burly frame and
Earlier this month, former death row inmate Beniah Dandridge was exonerated and freed after spending 20 years in prison.
WASHINGTON, Oct 21 (Reuters) - U.S. House Speaker John Boehner said on Wednesday he supports Representative Paul Ryan's potential
In 1928, an Indian immigrant named Vaishno Das Bagai rented a room in San Jose, turned on the gas, and ended his life. He
You can watch it live here.
\u201cThis is a sign of shifting, but not decidedly changing sides, on the death penalty.\u201d
Recreational use is legal in four states.
The famously blunt justice also offered his take on \dead white males\ and the death penalty.
\I think people saw what happened in Oklahoma, and the people of Arkansas do not want that to happen here.\
The winners did not reflect the school's diverse student body.
Even when she was the front-runner in 2007, Clinton wasn't polling this well.
The new rules would bring officer recruiting and training and use-of-force policies in line with basic standards.
Nothing but praise for the VP.
Worried about being labeled \soft on crime\? These top cops have your six.
More than 130 police chiefs, prosecutors and sheriffs \u2014 including some of the most prominent law enforcement officials in
The St. Louis County Police Chief called the reforms \a long time coming.\
For the first time since August, polls show Clinton is moving ahead of Bernie Sanders in the Granite State.
The actor who portrayed Marty McFly urged Americans to envision a future without Parkinson's disease.
He didn't just stop after saying he wouldn't run.
New group backs bipartisan proposals to ease drug sentencing, solitary confinement.
For example
Nearly 6 in 10 Americans are in favor of legalizing marijuana.
If Biden didn't have the heart to run, why did he wait so long to make his decision?
The Internet didn't react well to Chapel Hill police's efforts to  strengthen ties to the community.
The drug is supposed to be stocked at pharmacies and available without a prescription.
\u201cHe would have Kicked. Her. Ass. Write that down.\u201d
He won't take the job unless Republicans agree he won't sacrifice time with his wife and kids.
Seven inmates in a South Carolina prison were punished with a combined total of nearly 20 years of solitary confinement \u2014 for
David Axelrod's memoir contradicts the VP's latest account of that night.
The change is effective immediately.
IAFF says it will wait until next year to to decide whether to back a presidential candidate.
Those who couldn\u2019t afford fines were held for days in what one woman called \u201cfilthy and nasty\u201d cells.
Conservatives in the House are saying not so fast to the idea of Speaker Paul Ryan.
\House members will rest hand on Atlas Shrugged when taking oath of office.\
\u201cWe would probably be looking at something that could cause a global recession.\u201d
Matt Yglesias published a widely shared piece arguing that the Democratic Party is in \u201cdeep trouble\u201d Monday morning. The
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Well, this is awkward.
Inside a sleek Denver condominium, George W. Bush let a hundred donors to his brother\u2019s campaign in on a secret.
C'mon, man.
The Obamacare lawsuit will continue, even with John Boehner on his way out, after a ruling declining to allow an administration appeal of a pre-trial issue.
\It's time for me to move on.\
Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) is more open than ever to becoming the next House speaker, following a contemplative week at home
But Democrats think it's probably a bluff.
Democrats called the bill \the Donald Trump Act.\
The meeting could be an opportunity for Sanders to defend his stance on gun control.
The man who put them up says he doesn't have \a racist bone in his body.\
One of her most frequently used lines doesn't really hold up.
After a contemplative week at home, where he watched the Green Bay Packers and took calls from longtime friends, Rep. Paul
The U.S. will default on its debts on Nov. 3 if Congress doesn't take action.
The presidential candidate argued the company's actions could \qualify as a violation of federal law.\
Clinton's strong debate performance is perhaps paying off.
Top aide says Clinton is \looking forward\ to it.
He is still considering continuing in the race as an independent.
The state hasn't put anyone to death since an untested combination left an inmate gasping and snorting for 15 minutes in 2014.
The meritocracy's longest-running sad-fad enters another month, but signs of its decline are everywhere.
She still won't say what the show's focus will be.
The school did have policies prohibiting guns, but they wouldn't apply to those with a valid permit.
He just had to make sure not to do it in front of anyone else.
Palin thinks her mother could better tell you \what the Bible REALLY says\ about this stuff.
IOWA CITY, Iowa -- Presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders said Sunday that he is preparing to give a \u201cmajor speech\u201d on democratic
\u201cActually,\u201d Hillary Clinton was telling CNN\u2019s Anderson Cooper the other night, \u201cI\u2019ve been very consistent.\u201d She said this
The Supreme Court appears to be giving serious consideration to a case that, if taken up by the justices, could strip lawmakers
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Hillary Clinton isn't the only one with a lot riding on this week\u2019s Capitol Hill hearing on the 2012 Benghazi terrorist attacks
The Democratic front-runners continue to duke it out in the Granite State.
Eighty-one corporations have joined the White House's pledge to confront climate change.
Police \u201cdisappeared\u201d more than 7,000 people at an off-the-books interrogation warehouse in Chicago, nearly twice as many
The next few decades offer an unparalleled opportunity to undo ecological damage.
Try this
As he brags that he is turning down millions of dollars for his presidential campaign, Donald Trump has leveled a steady
At least since the Civil War, there hasn\u2019t been a faction fighting both parties at the same time.
Some mornings, Bhavik Kumar starts his day at 5am and thinks about a life different from the one he began this year. In that
\Foster care is the only thing that can save me.\
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 The Supreme Court will not reinstate a $250,000 award to the father of a suspected marijuana user in Maryland
But the partisan divide on gun control is even greater than it was in 2014.
Louisiana was the first of three Southern states to announce plans to end its contract with the organization to provide medical services to low-income residents.
It took a second for the gun to accidentally go off, weeks for Florida to pass a law to keep guns out of children\u2019s hands
Ferguson is negotiating over a federal rights lawsuit on their court practices.
The White House\u2019s announcement will keep drill rigs out of the Arctic for the next two years.
\Does anybody actually blame my brother for the attacks on 9/11? If they do, they're totally marginalized in our society.\
First to Last re-ranks the presidential candidates at halftime.
\In my opinion, he would not do himself any favors by getting in.\
Vice President Joe Biden is nearing a decision on if he will enter the presidential race, which could come within 48 hours
Congressman
Unless state lawmakers get ahead of their constituents on legalization, they face a potential regulatory nightmare.
At the time of Freddie Gray's death last spring, the Baltimore Police Department had been waging a nearly three-year campaign
It is the first time Kerry has confirmed media reports of a meeting with both Netanyahu and Abbas.
The oil giant stands accused of covering up evidence of fossil fuels' role in climate change.
Harold A. Schaitberger, the president of the powerful International Association of Fire Fighters, spoke Friday morning with
\He does better than I do.\u201d
There are so many issues that \are more important than Hillary Clinton's emails.\
\She came off more personable than she normally does.\
But \grave concerns regarding the treatment of citizen children born to immigrant parents\ mean the case must move forward.
It's widely acknowledged that the National Rifle Association is one of the nation's most influential advocacy\u00a0groups. They've
Ben Carson had a plan for stopping the war in Afghanistan, and Donald Trump thinks he could have prevented 9/11.
The court could say as early as Monday whether it will hear the case.
All eyes are on Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan.
Democrats say support for new gun laws is broader and the politics of the issue have shifted enough to make the push for tougher measures a political winner.
Hillary Clinton does too.
Sunday is \adoption day.\
Democrats have alleged that the committee is primarily focused on damaging Clinton.
The old \rules\ of presidential politics no longer seem to apply.
He plans to give a speech explaining the definition of democratic socialism and its positive aspects.
The other night, Democratic candidates for president spent a bunch of time debating whether public college should be free for some people or free for all people. It was pretty remarkable.
They have no factual basis, despite what you may have read in \u200b\u200bThe New York Times Magazine,\u200b argues the reporter who pieced
A Bloomberg reporter blew the lid on the inadvertent conflict, which led to Breyer's wife selling off about $33,000 worth of stock.
Though describing Obama, it's a slight to Rubio. He delivers a compelling story about his parents' flight from Cuba and his
Supreme Court tosses Alfredo Prieto's challenge two weeks after his execution.
He won't meet with Martin Shkreli, either.
It may or may not help, but we're going to give it our all.
\We have two good candidates.\
\That's big and that's on me, and only me.\
Please, sir, make up your mind.
A Pennsylvania department refuses free Narcan kits because they would be too complicated to move during shift changes.
The Harvard professor's long-shot campaign just got a little bit less preposterous.
Turmoil swirled again around the Republican-controlled Benghazi committee on Friday as it questioned a senior aide to Hillary
But he admits it could take more than higher contributions from the top 1 percent alone.
The Dems think they're insulting The Donald by calling him \a carnival barker.\ Not exactly...
Vice President Joe Biden has everyone guessing. Will he or won't he? Will he get the eggs or the pancakes?
While I'm pleased that we are seeing at least Democrats having a substantive discussion on the use of force in Middle East conflicts, it's still not the serious and comprehensive discussion about US policy in the Middle East we so desperately need.
There is a real divergence between establishment and insurgent wings of the party -- they come from different social backgrounds and have widely divergent needs, interests, and policy concerns.
Shell \disagrees with the decision.\ Climate groups rejoice.
Democrats loyal to Vice President Biden have a three-word response to the politicians and pundits who say Hillary Clinton\u2019s
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz's autocratic ways in limiting the number of primary debates, insiders say, alienated
Republicans, not so much.
If at first, second, third, fourth, fifth you don't succeed ...
It's all about the drugs.
So much for compassionate conservatism.
Focus groups, social media and search data suggest a Bernie Sanders debate win, but a new HuffPost/YouGov poll tells a very different story. Democratic Party activists are taking Sanders more seriously but still stand by Clinton, while GOP activists are warming to outsiders. And we preview the polling on next week's elections in Canada. This is HuffPollster for Friday, October 16, 2015
Get your popcorn ready. Clinton will be testifying before the Benghazi committee on Oct. 22.
You may have heard that every drone strike begins with solid intelligence and strict oversight. Not so much!
Views on capital punishment for convicted murderers have remained largely unchanged for a decade.
Pity the billionaire who was \dragged kicking and screaming\ into politics by the enemies of success!
Helping more young people of color become staffers is key.
More than half say they want Clinton to be the Democratic nominee.
There were no immediate reports of any injuries.
She isn't running for president, but she's shaping the party's agenda.
\If he runs, he will run because of his burning conviction that we need to fundamentally change the balance in our economy and the political structure to restore the ability of the middle class to get ahead.\
Only .039 percent of Sanders' donors have given the maximum amount allowed.
Ben Carson and Hillary Clinton led their parties' primary fields in fundraising in the latest period.
Officers are considering whether to create \public safety zones\ in the Charlotte metropolitan area.
Reports accuse ExxonMobil of hiding its research from decades ago, which tied fossil fuels to climate.
She's set to go on Oct. 27.
The U.S. Justice Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are probing whether the business model of daily fantasy
Clinton said she plans to \look hard\ at Castro when considering positions on her ticket.
Killings by police that unleashed a new protest movement around the US in 2014, including those of Eric Garner, Tamir Rice
On the first day of a two-day Iowa swing back in August, Jeb Bush flew from Davenport to Ankeny in a private plane. The next
\I'd have to see how it played out.\
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
A plea deal would avert a trial and help keep any potentially embarrassing secrets quiet.
Spin alert.
Nardyne Jefferies is the unwitting pioneer of an ad-hoc movement to get lawmakers to confront the grisly consequences of
And the Supreme Court may just fall for it.
\Have you done focus groups on heavy menstrual bleeding?\u201d
Sterling Arthur Wilkins said Clinton's answer was strongest, but Sanders' was \genuine.\
Sanders scored big fundraising and online victories, even though pundits declared Clinton the victor.
Running for president is a lucrative business.
Most of the tax cuts benefit the wealthy.
Former members of Congress can sit on millions -- and it's perfectly legal.
And that's just in the past three months.
\This population is not only underserved and underrepresented, but they're darn near invisible.\
The former leader could face over seven years in jail.
It\u2019s the most important international trade deal no one is talking about. Largely lost amid the furor over the recent Asia
Shots fired.
What debate?
They're just getting started.
\I'm still standing.\
The NRA donates significantly more to the Republican Governors Association.
WASHINGTON\u2014 Marco Rubio is set to meet Wednesday evening with more than a dozen of Scott Walker\u2019s former top fundraisers
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\ud83d\udcb0\ud83d\udcb0\ud83d\udcb0
\The future of the planet is at stake.\
Bern, baby, Bern!
Bern!
He doesn't use the word \sorry.\ Or \apology.\ Or \apologize.\
*Unless it's Jim Webb.
\More than one of their protests have embraced rabid rhetoric.\
Hillary Clinton was a big target.
Sen. Bernie Sanders said he would support legalization if given the opportunity.
Even though Joe Biden didn't show up, there were plenty of great moments.
Not everything said was accurate.
\Leave Paul Ryan alone!\
It was a point of clear contrast with her progressive rival Bernie Sanders.
She's been talking it up lately.
A provocative study on mice finds that the chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing appear to disrupt the reproductive system.
Do you agree?
\He needed time to reflect and I think he has had that time to reflect.\
\More people have died in this country in attacks by domestic extremists than in attacks associated with international terrorist groups.\
Bern = burned.
The NRA threw a little hate their way before the debate.
The Florida senator opposes raising the minimum wage, but he seemed to acknowledge this week that it's nowhere near high enough.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz said her deputy chair \was not uninvited.\
Specifics, specifics, specifics.
Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards outlined the new policy in a letter to the director of the NIH.
When a congressional investigation turns into a partisan operation, the media need to treat it as such.
On October 11, 1972, final arguments for the landmark abortion case Roe v. Wade were argued before the United States Supreme
The Senate minority leader urged the president not to negotiate with Republicans.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
It aims to avoid government officials repeating Hillary Clinton's faux pas.
Biden won't be at the first Democratic debate.
CLINTON VS CLINTON If the emails come up - or, more likely, when they come up - look for Clinton to try to pivot from defending
The decision affects more than a dozen members of a group called Respect The Flag.
An endorsement could come as early as the end of this month, sources close to the casino magnate say.
He insists his agenda is not for sale, but nobody's buying that agenda as-is.
But based on the sheer number of alleged incidents at the Baltimore location Carson described, his story is entirely plausible.
The presidential hopeful, like many on the right, are clinging to a set of biases that blind them to reality
Because during the GOP debate, it dropped the ball.
\I literally could not breathe,\ recalled Bill McInturff.
State Rep. Sheila Butt would rather cut back on all religious study than risk the \indoctrination\ of Tennessee students.
Many are planning to watch, but most think it'll just confirm what they already think.
MILWAUKEE (AP) \u2014 A jury ordered a Wisconsin gun store on Tuesday to pay nearly $6 million to two Milwaukee police officers
\We don\u2019t want to hear more lip service. We want to hear action.\
The GOP presidential candidate out-raised Sen. Marco Rubio.
It was right outside his Las Vegas hotel.
An ACLU lawyer representing the former detainees says the Senate torture report is \really why our clients are able to pursue this case.\u201d
The Framers of our Constitution, like the good Lord Almighty, seemingly had a droll sense of humor. In creating the title
Paul Ryan has made it abundantly clear he does not want to be speaker of the House. He enjoys the wonkery that comes with
When the House select committee investigating the 2012 attacks on American government outposts in Benghazi, Libya, was created
Americans love polling data. They also love to hate on the pollsters who provide it.
Now that's being prepared.
For a long time, Ben Carson\u2019s campaign team feared that his habit of inflammatory remarks would sink his presidential hopes
Grassroots opinion has shifted modestly since July, but Joe Biden's decision could throw a wrench in the race.
\It is a new South.\
The group wants more \problem solvers\ in Washington.
The oil billionaire says he's disclosed all of his political contributions.
They are mostly black and Hispanic men. The average age is mid-30\u2019s. Their drug of choice was cocaine (powder or crack) followed
\Gun control's not going to solve this,\ he said.
Abbott congratulated the Astros on their victory in the 7th inning. They went on to blow the game.
The gathering in D.C. this weekend was not about Louis Farrakhan.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Sanders would have to get another 100 or so congressional endorsements to catch up to Hillary Clinton.
CNN needs more buzz than Hillary vs. Bernie. Vegas needs more than Ocean's 6.
Bill Flores says he's planning to run, but will bow out if Paul Ryan steps up.
Construction of the $1.4 billion Thirty Meter Telescope has been on hold since April as a result of the protests.
\Too many black families are mourning the loss of a child. We need to change that reality.\
Pulitzer-winning journalist Barton Gellman said Purdue \cannot lightly wear the shackles\ of a defense contractor.
\It's Mike Brown all over again. The police are working their tactics to make sure the family don't get that day in court,\
\It is bad,\ said Rep. Peter King, R-N.Y.
The hardline conservative caucus, which has endorsed another House member, isn't ruling out Paul Ryan.
Mitch McConnell has no dance partner in the House. That's bad news for Mitch McConnell.
\Instead of people yelling at each other, we have got to come together on commonsense approaches which, in fact, the vast majority of the American people support.\
He also had words of caution for Paul Ryan.
\I think she'd be the first to acknowledge that maybe she could have handled the original decision better and the disclosures more quickly.\
The staffer says he was fired for not sufficiently focusing on Hillary Clinton.
Retirees can blame low gas prices.
GOP voters see their party as deeply divided, but are happy with their presidential contenders.
\It's not hyperbole at all,\ the Republican presidential candidate says.
NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 Amid the bloodbaths of 21st-century America, you might think that there would be a lot of\u00a0research into the
At least eight responders have died since Sept. 11 this year.
WASHINGTON, Oct 10 (Reuters) - A former investigator for the House of Representatives Select Committee on Benghazi is accusing
The court placed far too much faith in Oklahoma's disastrous lethal injection protocol in January and in June.
For the International Day of the Girl, the first lady also offered some college advice.
\People do expect us to govern.\
\The fact that America would honor this man is preposterous.\
This week, as Joe Biden inched closer to jumping into the presidential race, Ben Carson inched closer to forcing us to retire the use of \brain surgeon\ as a linguistic stand-in for \brilliant genius,\ with thunderingly dumb comments about guns, the Umpqua Community College shooting, and the Holocaust. Meanwhile, Congressional Republicans took on the trappings of a badly written soap opera, with Kevin McCarthy abruptly withdrawing from contention as the next Speaker due to opposition from Tea Partiers who didn't find him conservative enough -- or was it really because of those rumors of a steamy extramarital affair with a colleague? Tune in next time for \As the GOP Turns\... Is it any surprise that neither John Boehner nor Paul Ryan wants a position that has gone from someone who can get things done to someone who promises to stop all things from getting done? Welcome to today's Washington.
The Wisconsin legislature is going the extra mile with three separate bills to retroactively decriminalize the behavior at the heart of the investigation and to defang the nonpartisan elections agency that aided it. Two of the bills are on a fast track being sped through the legislature with an unusual Joint Senate/Assembly hearing on Tuesday.
The country has intensified its attempts at national reconciliation. Notably, Iraq has sent diplomats to countries that have faced similar sectarian problems, with the aim of finding ways to speed the reconciliation process.
Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson was the most recent to make this outrageous point last week during an interview with Wolf Blitzer on CNN.  Since then, he's taken a lot of heat, and for good reason.  But he's certainly not the first person to make the assertion.
WASHINGTON \u2014 The Republican leaders of a House committee who have been in a bitter partisan battle with Democrats are enmeshed
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 The Secret Service agent credited with saving President Ronald Reagan's life on the day he was shot outside
Obama has apologized for the bombing of a Kunduz hospital, but will we ever know how this happened?
It's her opportunity to shore up support among progressives while beating back conservative opposition.
Deer season opened here in Oregon on Saturday, two days after a shooting at Umpqua Community College left 10 dead and nine
If no Republican candidate to lead the House can win 218 votes, the only option may be a deal with the other party.
Join us here at 7:30.
What's your favorite?
Turns out marijuana is still lucrative for states.
A lifelong gun owner explains why he is destroying his gun.
Will body cameras be a tool for police reform? Only if bad policy doesn't get in the way.
They are overwhelmingly white, rich, older and male, in a nation that is being remade by the young, by women, and by black
The U.S. military officer who headed a hearing in the case of accused deserter Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl recommended that
WASHINGTON, Oct 9 (Reuters) - The Pentagon said on Friday it expected to hold new talks with Russia's military on pilot safety
WASHINGTON, Oct 10 (Reuters) - The U.S. Department of Defense will seek to make \condolence payments\ to families of victims
\The mindset that Jews surrendered with their guns is far more important than the hardware they turned over.\
\It couldn't get any stranger.\
Advocates see the bill as a way to help millions of unregistered Californians.
It's not inherently dangerous to debate Planned Parenthood's right to exist and receive public funding, but it is dangerous to continue to debate women's right to healthcare as opposed to their actual access to it.
When it comes to electing a President or Prime Minister, \likes\ are as relevant as they are when picking a trial lawyer, dentist, surgeon or architect. Consider whether Winston Churchill would have gotten any \likes\? Or how many \friends\ he would have racked up?
Chaos is king. Chaos reigns in the House Republican Caucus, reflecting the chaos from the Republican presidential campaign trail. The question is what will emerge from this maelstrom?
We've fallen into the belief and practice of thinking that our personal points of view are true and have no space for other views. Are we so ignorant or afraid that we're unwilling to take a stand FOR what we believe without being AGAINST what others believe?
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
Newly released audio offers a peek into what went down when the court announced its major decisions.
Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wisc.) left his colleagues and the rest of political Washington guessing Friday about whether he would
The lethal injection drugs' safety and effectiveness can't be vetted, a lawyer for the inmates argues.
Pollsters and pundits react to Gallup's decision to forgo primary horserace polling. Presidential poll results vary depending on how the pollsters ask about it. And two-fifths of Americans know someone who's been killed or committed suicide with a gun. This is HuffPollster for Friday, October 9, 2015
LONDON \u2014 The Obama administration has ended the Pentagon\u2019s $500 million program to train and equip Syrian rebels, administration
The flailing presidential aspirant places his remaining hopes in some new schtick.
Members may face a financial bind without a speaker who's a friend to the donor class.
Last week, Obama said mass shootings in America have \become routine.\
He's still not into being speaker.
The shortage is bigger than pumpkin spiced lattes.
Joe Biden has taken another step toward entering the Presidential race.\u00a0Representatives of the Vice-President held a meeting
NOI's RootsCamp to be postponed.
The stay is the latest in a series of legal setbacks for the Obama administration's environmental regulations.
Ryan said last month the speaker's job would require too much time away from his wife and three children.
Ahem, Marco Rubio.
\u201cWe really thought long and hard about whether to do this,\u201d publisher Dennis Johnson says. \u201cBut in the end, I think we made the right choice.\u201d
Becky Bond does whatever it takes to advance progressive priorities.
Is this election an anomaly, or will the party restore its grip on the nomination process?
Democrats and centrist Republicans pulled together to force a House vote.
Timing mattered in the 2000s -- unless you were black.
He doesn't believe companies need to choose between innovating and protecting their workers.
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 The pressure is on Rep. Paul Ryan, the GOP vice presidential nominee in 2012, to run for House speaker
There is some happiness in this dark world.
His vote to deregulate derivatives doesn't fit his broader voting record.
Kicking a drug habit\u2014particularly when the drug is heroin\u2014can be a lifelong battle.
At least she took it well.
On a recent Saturday afternoon, the mayor of Jennings, a St. Louis suburb of about 15,000, settled in before a computer in
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
It's probably just a super-kooky coincidence though, right?
After receiving the first drug in the lethal injection series, the man being executed said, \My body is on fire.\
But she stops well short of Bernie Sanders' call to break up the banks.
He thinks it helped 50 years ago, but isn't necessary now.
The 266 mass shootings this year suggest something is wrong.
He took a lot of people by surprise.
Joe Biden reportedly thought the ad  \treads on sacred ground.\
Voters on both the left and the right often claim that there is no difference between the Democratic and Republican Parties
Mayors from 19 cities are meeting in Washington to talk about cutting planet-warming emissions.
He's down from the $12 million he raised in the previous quarter.
\Either your organization is incompetent, or they are complicit.\
The lack of accurate information about police-involved shootings is roiling the nation\u2019s law enforcement community, leaving
\u201cThis has been a victory of reason and freedom of speech over ridiculousness.\
He said \intact traditional families\ are best for children, \so let's stop pretending everything is of equal value.\
For two hours, the justices grappled with the process of death sentencing.
Unlike many in the GOP, Carson says he doesn't \see the disadvantage.\
No, it promotes ending violence.
Barbara Byrd-Bennett has agreed to plead guilty and will cooperate with prosecutors.
\I never thought we'd be here again.\
He's a self-described democratic socialist.
Carson said Murdoch was \just expressing his opinion\ on Twitter.
Cool tariff reductions, bro.
It sounds like a really bad idea because it is.
You say monetary policy isn't your thing. Maybe it should be.
\I just said, 'I believe that you want the guy behind the counter.'\
They likely affect candidates' numbers, but in different ways.
Corporations are increasingly disclosing their contributions to dark money nonprofits and corporate lobbying groups.
Rand Paul called Hillary Clinton's memoir \a great work of fiction.\
\I will not be a candidate.\
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
They're getting behind a Florida Republican.
A state regulator steps up while federal action remains out of reach.
They're all fired up.
After a mass shooting, the NRA traditionally goes silent for a period of time. In the case of the gun massacre in Oregon
The Justice Department is set to release about 6,000 inmates early from prison \u2014 the largest one-time release of federal
During both of his presidential campaigns, former U.S. Rep. Dick Gephardt stuck to the theme that defined his 28 years in
Gallup has been the country's gold standard for horse-race election polling ever since its legendary founder, George Gallup
More than 100 members have endorsed Hillary Clinton.
The Democratic Party spent 1999 in a state of almost unbroken panic. Even while an incumbent Democrat had presided over an
Does this mean he is actually running?
\The president can rail all he wants.\
Only George Pataki and Jim Gilmore, the two least recognizable candidates, had agreed to make an appearance.
He's used to being left out.
The weekend attack in the northern city of Kunduz killed at least 22 people.
The potentially \catastrophic event\ could send up a plume of radioactive smoke over a densely populated area near the city's main airport.
The nation is divided over whether stricter laws would pass -- or stop mass shootings.
\It was a personal decision,\ she said.
But first, he needs them to know who he is.
A tiny tax could curb a mountain of risk.
What about gun violence?
The embattled German automaker might have another big, expensive problem on its hands.
Deportation numbers are down, but that doesn't mean immigration enforcement is lying down on the job, he says.
\They just write their headlines to obscure rather than to illuminate.\
How the Supreme Court and bitter partisanship over Obamacare are letting Red America slip further behind while Blue America moves forward.
\I finally decided that maybe I should quit, to give up on everything and everyone.\
There's still no proof the family planning provider did anything wrong.
\He\u2019s apologized as many times as a human can apologize. It doesn\u2019t change it.\
School violence tends to follow national crime trends, experts say.
Carter is currently undergoing treatment for cancer that has spread to his brain.
Sam Brownback bashes Medicaid for \able-bodied adults\ and \big city hospitals.\
The fallout from House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy's recent gaffe continues.
Following a municipal court reform, St. Ann's multimillion-dollar speed trap won't keep it afloat.
In New Hampshire last week, Jeb Bush was busy being his own man.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The House Freedom Caucus is an ideological and uncompromising band of anti-government radicals. And they're just getting
Drip, drip, drip...
If Joe Biden jumps into the Democratic primary, Hillary Clinton will be ready to go on the offensive.
\It's the smart and strong thing to do four months before the primary,\ these super-geniuses say.
Wages for the wealthiest 1% of Americans more than doubled between 1979 and 2011. Wages for the median U.S. worker, by contrast
\If it's God's will, it's his will,\ Garcia said.
Clinton is fighting against her finance-friendly reputation.
She says she won't break up families while pushing for immigration reform.
Some measures would ban placing youth in adult jails and prisons altogether.
It could be a long four years for him.
Rep. Lamar Smith says climate scientists engaged in \partisan political activity.\
They'll try to do it by amending a GOP bill to investigate Planned Parenthood.
Haley said it was too soon to estimate the damage, which could be \any amount of dollars.\ The Republican governor quickly
Conservatives aren't taking it well.
The state cut off Planned Parenthood's funding earlier this year.
The presidential candidate says his legislative job is about more than just voting.
Workers removing the monument were protected by a heavy security presence.
He gets 6.5 hours to 7.5 hours a night himself, which, really, isn't enough.
Total deportations dropped 42 percent since 2012.
\I would say, 'Hey, guys, everybody attack him.'\
The senator is speaking out against lifting the crude oil export ban.
The move is among measures to combat questionable court practices. But there's still more to be done.
A new poll also predicts how Clinton would do against other big Democratic names.
Gov. Jerry Brown signed the California Fair Pay Act into law Tuesday.
WASHINGTON, Oct 6 (Reuters) - The U.S. Department of Defense is investigating the deadly air strike that hit a hospital in
Powerful Republican is criticized for killing jobs in his home state as an affiliated PAC solicits donations.
Boehner's likeliest successor is facing an unexpected challenge.
He\u2019s finally close. Confidants of Vice President Joe Biden expect him to make a decision next weekend, or shortly thereafter
President Obama said Friday he is \u201chopeful\u201d Russian President Vladimir Putin will recognize that militarily defending Syrian
One down. Dozens more to go.
\A broken heart really isn\u2019t enough, is it?\
\The president rightfully asked what he could do to prevent gun violence tragedies - our recommendations answer that call.\
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
State Democrats are thrilled.
The court also is expected to reject hundreds of appeals that piled up over the summer.
Progressives will need Republicans to defeat the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
Some cry. Some get angry. Many are spurred to action.
Patients are being forced to have their procedures in the second trimester because of clinic closures
ATLANTA, Oct 5 (Reuters) - The United States and 11 other Pacific Rim countries have reached a deal on the most sweeping
And one of them should actually make Scott Walker happy!
Joel Rubin, who helped the State Department push the Iran deal, is running.
The next House speaker may be more receptive to GOP hard-liners.
The county had previously limited its work with ICE.
Two weeks before he was assassinated, he addressed gun violence on the campaign trail.
It's happening all around the country.
Whenever a shooting\u00a0becomes national news, certain politicians\u00a0will inevitably\u00a0bring up mental\u00a0healthcare. But as John Oliver
Well, this is awkward.
The Democratic presidential contender wants there to be an alternative to the gun rights group.
It's \one of the most offensive human rights violations imaginable,\  one advocate said.
Boehner is resigning his post at the end of the month.
When students are having outbursts in class and vandalizing their professors' offices, bringing guns into school buildings seems unlikely to help.
\The height of foolishness.\
The president said \it's hard to think of a more selfless profession.\
That's almost as many as have died since the epidemic began.
And mocks Republicans in the process.
But did he always feel this way?
The race for speaker just got a lot more interesting.
The vice president declared transgender rights to be \the civil rights issue of our time.\
The presidential contender is breaking Obama's records on the trail.
He gave the voters a good look at him -- and now it looks like he's gone.
Criminal histories and documented mental health problems did not prevent at least eight of the gunmen in 14 recent mass shootings
\I have a 1-year-old granddaughter. She calls me 'Madam President.'\
\Our customers shouldn't be treated like they're doing something wrong.\
\I Am UCC\ isn't just a response to the tragedy. It's the heart of the town.
\Now a financial firm is of course a legal fiction; it's not a person. You can't put a financial firm in jail.\
He suggested the tragedy could have been avoided with more U.S. involvement.
\I just can't tell you what the connection is at this time.\
By Michelle Conlin NEW YORK, Oct 4 (Reuters) - Carly Fiorina has emerged as the Republican candidate of the moment in conservative
Trump called Vladimir Putin's intervention there \a wonderful thing.\
The man battling with Donald Trump at the top of the GOP polls brings his eccentric and paranoid brand to the campaign trail.
Officials are calling the amount of rain \mind-boggling.\
Authorities say the gunman, like other mass shooters, bought them legally.
Today's topics include
The clumsiness has been a hallmark of hearings on Capitol Hill, especially now that the Republicans are in charge.   Committee members are more interested in the limelight than in persuading the television audience of any abuses requiring reforms, so that viewers might support a legislative remedy.
This week, the nation was once again shocked by the everyday, as a gunman killed nine at a community college in Oregon. It's the uniquely American gun paradox
Obama didn't single out Congressional Republicans as the prime culprits, but it was strongly implied that he meant them in the congressional genuflection to the NRA. Clinton, however, did finger Republicans as the culprits and vowed to go after the GOP if elected. Clinton and Obama are right, but both left this out in their targets. In 2010, 53 Democrats took tens of thousands in campaign cash from the NRA.
Since Republicans gained control of Congress little has been done. The Arbitration Act, which would broadly void forced arbitration contracts, has languished in Congress for six years. A bill to prohibit any school receiving federal student aid from restricting students' ability to pursue legal claims in court likely will not come to a vote.
Some of the union members aren't that happy with the endorsement.
The law would end the loophole that allowed the Charleston shooter to purchase a gun despite a drug arrest.
For one thing, he's a big fan of the Common Core.
Alfredo Prieto was executed Thursday night. The justices responded on Friday.
But she wouldn't say whether she likes Amy Poehler or Kate McKinnon's impressions of her better.
At the same time, the U.S. provides Saudi Arabia with targeting assistance and bombs.
Oklahoma's disastrous lethal-injection protocol shows he was right about the death penalty all along.
Because saying, \Guns don't kill people. People kill people,\ isn't good enough.
\I'm afraid I don't see how the U.S. can helpfully respond in Afghanistan, at this point.\
Looking good!
In 1998, Hillary Clinton stated, \The vast right wing conspiracy has been conspiring against my husband since the day he announced for president.\ Today, Hillary has been assailed by the right on three issues
The Oslo Accords and its attendant peace process came into the world with a bang 22 years ago. This past week they exited with a sad whimper.
We may look back on this week as one of the true nadirs in America's post-9/11 efforts to lead the world, a series of events that make the failures of America's shallow strategies, of both Republican and Democratic administrations. It is a particular low point for President Obama.
After a two-year absence from the international stage -- during which the mainstream media dispatched them to the realm of nonexistent entities -- on October 1 the \moderate rebels\ of Syria were back. The New York Times said so. Russian attacks were targeting moderates rather than ISIS, a man with a camera was quoted saying; and the Times story by Anne Barnard appeared to confirm his suspicion; even as a companion report on Russian actions in Syria by Helene Cooper, Michael R. Gordon, and Neil MacFarquhar revealed that these are the same moderates who were carefully vetted by the CIA, and concerning whom little was heard ever after. Their numbers are put at 3,000 to 5,000, though the Cooper-Gordon-MacFarquhar article leaves uncertain if that is their original or their present strength.
Kevin McCarthy is not worthy. Of using the English language correctly, among other things. Amusingly, though, this will likely not stop him from becoming the next speaker of the House.
How easy it is to mock the Republican candidates. They're the gang in the clown car climbing all over each other to offer a message of disarray that has all but destroyed the chances of the Bush family dynasty continuing. But isn't that a grand achievement for the democratic process?
\...and I sail off to thunderous applause\
After spending over 20 years at Microsoft, in key leadership positions, Robbie Bach takes the lessons learned from building successful operations and applying them to the broader civic, and social issues we must deal with to fix our nation, our institutions and ourselves.
The threatened Guadalupe fur seal could be the latest victim of the unusually warm waters in the eastern Pacific Ocean.
He would be a long-shot candidate.
The sheriff investigating a mass shooting at an Oregon community college that left at least nine people dead posted a video
Several bills are out there that the House could vote on.
\u201cIn our sorrow, we will remember and honor those lost today ... And they will forever be in our hearts.\
As the sheriff in Douglas County, Oregon, John Hanlin was front and center following Thursday's shooting at Umpqua Community
He's served since the beginning of Obama's presidency.
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) \u2014 Oklahoma's highest criminal court has agreed to halt three upcoming executions after the state's prison
He skipped two recent votes that could have defunded the organization.
Obama said he loves his VP.
The Vermont progressive has struggled to build support among Latinos.
Rand Paul raised just $2.5 million for his presidential bid over the last three months\u2014a sum that not only pales in comparison
Wait! Bipartisan environmental legislation is happening in Congress!
Deep friendships, stronghold territory and a Draft Biden super PAC would help a Biden candidacy.
She said Congress takes \a solemn oath to protect and defend the American people.\
\I think there are things we can do to protect the environment. We should. But we shouldn't worship the environment.\
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The former governor has been making some pretty big gaffes lately.
\Today is not the day\ to talk about possible solutions, she said.
At least 10 people were killed.
School resource officers, DOJ lawyers wrote, \must respect the constitutional and statutory rights of the citizens they serve.\
\This committee was set up for one sole purpose, to find the truth on behalf of families for four dead Americans.\
The flags will remain at half-staff until sunset on Oct. 6.
Margaret Eaddy's son was killed by a felon who got a gun at a gun show.
More than half of Republicans don't approve of GOP legislators.
The National Guardsman, who attended Umpqua Community College, is \heading home\ to Roseburg.
\We're going to tell legislators, do not be afraid.\
It's been a tough week for Beltway insiders.
The agency, criticized for its response to Ferguson protests, puts too much emphasis on tactical approach, experts find.
\Without sufficient cash, it would be impossible for the United States of America to meet all of its obligations for the first time in our history.\
They're sitting senators, but Ted Cruz, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio want you to know that they're not \establishment\
Sept 30 (Reuters) - Hurricane Joaquin was gaining strength on Thursday as it moved toward the Bahamas, with forecasts still
For the first time in its modern history, the New York Police Department is establishing explicit guidelines \u2014 backed by
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
For the first time in its modern history, the New York Police Department is establishing explicit guidelines \u2014 backed by
Although I find Sen. Ted Cruz\u2019s \u201clonely man of principle\u201d act as tired as it is phony, I should give the devil his due. Cruz
\Silence in the face of this rash of mass shootings has become complicity.\
He did so on the same day that Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton's campaigns touted their fundraising hauls.
Good to know.
Cameras recorded someone throwing a container of flammable liquid through a window.
\u201cWith transparency comes public understanding and with public understanding comes public support.\
The senators say Kevin McCarthy's remarks revealed that the committee isn't really there to investigate the terrorist attack.
Ailing responders will still get care -- until the cash reserves run out.
Except Donald Trump, who wasn't even invited.
TUCSON, Ariz. (AP) \u2014 Two men were convicted of murder Thursday in the killing of a Border Patrol agent whose death brought
James Comey will \use the bully pulpit of this office to say 'You've got to give it to us, you've got to give it to us.'\
Washington (CNN) --Vice President Joe Biden has extended his window for deciding whether to jump into the 2016 presidential
\I worry if they're doing this to me, what are they doing to other people?\
Environmental and public health groups say the new standard is a \betrayal\ of clean air protections.
Listen up, Kevin McCarthy.
#Thanks.
The former president is 91 years old.
Somebody's gotta stand up for it.
Christie recently suggested tracking immigrants using the same technology that FedEx uses for tracking packages.
The state realized it had purchased the wrong drug just hours before a Wednesday afternoon execution.
A watered-down bill would reduce some mandatory sentences but make only a dent in America's prison population.
Juvenile justice reform finds support among a group of people you usually don't see agreeing.
While Clinton's working hard for her cash, Sanders' is flowing in.
Warmer oceans are making everything worse.
The merit pay system was helped made possible with a $100 million donation from Mark Zuckerberg.
\I don't think that a woman has the sole right to say what should happen to her body.\
A version of this article was originally published on June 18, following the shooting at the Emanuel AME Church in Charleston
Where does the responsibility for faulty intelligence lie?
The effort to democratize the funding of city elections could inspire other efforts across the country.
If you like ice cream and chocolate, you might want to pay attention.
Prieto is the first inmate to be executed in in Virginia in nearly three years.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
\Initial reports are very encouraging.\
The city has 42 places of worship, 40 of which are Christian.
Republicans will choose their candidate for Boehner's replacement on Oct. 8.
Jamycheal Mitchell had stopped taking his schizophrenia medication before he walked into a 7-Eleven near his family\u2019s Portsmouth
GOP members held a \therapy session\ as the party's leadership remains in question.
Test yourself against the pros.
MCALESTER, Okla. -- A tense scene that had unfolded just two weeks earlier was playing out again at the Oklahoma State Penitentiary
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 A bipartisan group of senators has reached a long-sought agreement on changes to the criminal justice system
He also said some things about his brother, former President George W. Bush.
Pretty much everybody thinks doctors should get paid to talk to you about your end-of-life options.
The grand jury also recommended he be removed from office.
\I'm not saying that a same-sex couple can't have a very positive and nurturing environment.\
A just-released interview shows that he wasn't impressed by other senators, either.
Still, she left the door open to what Gowdy will do in 2016.
\It's taken so long for this commonsense decision to be made.\
DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz gets the blame for many of the party's problems. Does she deserve it?
\I'm being generous, calling it a hearing.\
A top adviser said government technology \is so antiquated that NO ONE uses a State-issued laptop.\
Bush says the name of Dan Snyder's team isn't offensive to him. But this isn't just about football.
\Some information that he might find embarrassing needs to get out. Just to be fair.\
\I\u2019m missing something here, I guess.\u201d
Cincinnati would become the most populous metropolitan area without an abortion clinic.
Many state residents are reluctant to admit they ever supported flying it by their statehouse.
He's not expecting a vote, though.
Will Congress listen?
FLANDREAU, S.D. (AP) \u2014 The Santee Sioux tribe has already proven its business acumen, running a successful casino, a 120
When Dan Herrera asked Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) about the environment at a town hall meeting in Iowa last week, it almost
John Boehner\u2019s surprise announcement last weekend that he will resign shocked the political world. The loudest reactions
Seems like a good start toward fighting climate change.
The speaker says he doesn't want to \burden\ the next leader with lingering tough issues.
The Dem frontrunner -- no longer as dominant as she once was -- remains sanguine about Sanders. That's a mistake
At last week\u2019s Values Voter Summit, Mat Staver of the Liberty Counsel displayed a picture that he claimed showed a 100,000
Many wouldn't be incarcerated if they could afford bail.
He's made shocking comments about Islam, but this wasn't one of them.
The North Face is helping fund youth conservation work, part of a $20 million plan to draw corporate support for public lands.
Politico is pretty sure something is happening with Bush donors, so they'll just report both things.
\People just say things.\
Kelly Renee Gissendaner, the only woman on Georgia's death row, is set to be executed Tuesday. A scheduled March execution
The Democratic presidential hopeful invoked Pope Francis in his appeal.
The face-to-face encounter between Planned Parenthood's president and Congressional Republicans got pretty heated.
The GOP's most conservative members aren't backing down.
This should be good.
Sixty-one percent of Americans want the government to keep funding the organization.
\This hearing is why everyone hates Washington, D.C.\
They're tracking Americans' mail. And they're not careful about it.
Surveys find male opinion dimmer, though not necessarily among Democrats.
Economists won't be happy, but unions will be.
Huh?
In a new report, 73.1 percent of loans with one servicer ended up in default.
A clear majority of people would like to see the 2010 ruling overturned.
\I actually turned him down twice when he asked me to marry him.\
Speaker John Boehner\u2019s resignation from Congress is a symptom of a chronic condition that pervades not just the right, but
Top donors warn that the Republican presidential candidate needs to quickly turn things around or risk defections.
The Republican presidential candidate propounds a pernicious view of America. Here's what's at stake
But the show did go on.
House Republicans have a plan to get their bills past the Senate.
\The People\u2019s House works best when the leadership you elect listens to members.\
\I think she has explained what she's done. She's turned things over.\
Rice Energy has amassed 121 violations and more than a half a million dollars in fines since 2010.
Funding will expire Wednesday night if Congress fails to act.
Welcome to the HuffPost Rise Morning Newsbrief, a short wrap-up of the news to help you start your day.
The investigation found that all tissue from abortions was examined at a pathology lab then incinerated.
The doctored NRA video appears to show talk radio host Dana Loesch being shot in the head.
The GOP presidential hopeful just nabbed the support of retired NASCAR driver Richard Petty.
Waterboarding, she said, \was used when there was no other way to get information that was necessary.\
A welfare bill so extreme not even Paul LePage likes it.
Later this year, the justices are due to decide whether to hear a major case involving Republican-backed restrictions on abortion access under Texas law.
As Democrats have become more liberal, Clinton has too.
She said CEO Martin Shkreli should \do the right thing.\
The pontiff spoke about creating a culture of care during his U.S. visit.
GOP candidates' inflammatory rhetoric is giving fresh fire to hard-liners.
The bill would limit what sexual assault cases colleges can investigate, and safety groups are not fans.
\I think the important question is, will things change?\
The House speaker says he'll also \clean the barn up a little bit\ in his final month.
Carly Fiorina, who didn't even register in a July poll, also saw a boost.
It wasn't me, really.
\It's great for my back.\
A few days after Ramon Fabian arrived at the Ulster Correctional Facility on the southern edge of New York\u2019s Catskill Mountains
It's been around for more than a millennium but, really, find something new.
Supreme Court justices will meet behind closed doors Monday to start the process of deciding which cases to take up this
\u201cI believe there are a variety of ways to deal with this.\
In July, new TSA Administrator Peter Neffenger told a congressional panel that his top priority would be to close security gaps at airport checkpoints.
He's gained ground since July.
The Jesuit draws attention to the lives of inmates and their families.
The pope said it is \painful when we see prison systems which are not concerned to care for wounds, to soothe pain, to offer new possibilities.\
Warren spoke out against police violence and voting restrictions, as well as persistent economic discrimination.
\u201cJohn and I both faced the fact that there was a hardcore group ... who were prepared to cause total chaos.\u201d
Sept 26 (Reuters) - A Baltimore police officer charged with manslaughter over the death of black man Freddie Gray told another
They last met in Panama City in April.
The small band of Tea Party radicals wields its power because most other Republican members of Congress are cowed by the primary threats if they do not adhere strictly to Tea Party dictates.   Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) has had his life as speaker made miserable by this dynamic.
This week, the nation was transfixed by the radical humility of Pope Francis. In the midst of an ugly campaign season already marked by xenophobia, scapegoating, and cruelty, this very different Pope brought a very different message. While addressing a joint session of Congress, and again at the United Nations, he urged leaders to see the humanity of those affected by their actions, or lack of action. They should view refugees \as persons... trying to respond as best we can to their situation.\  He cited the Golden Rule, but expanded it for his Congressional audience, urging the politicians to \seek for others the same possibilities which we seek for ourselves.\ At the UN he called for \an examination of conscience,\ and asked that \real human beings take precedence over partisan interests.\ It was a master class in true leadership, and the awesome power of humility. Let's hope the Pope's spirit lingers long after he leaves.
Intellectual property rights have been enlarged and extended, for example, creating windfalls for pharmaceutical companies. At the same time, antitrust laws have been relaxed for corporations with significant market power, such as big food companies and the largest Wall Street banks.
First Lt. Alexander \Sandy\ Bonnyman was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor in 1947.
\It's not enough for New York State to pass a gun law and close the front door when the guns are coming in the back door.\
The U.S. would remain the only developed country with no guarantee.
\u201cI have never seen so much expended on so little.\
World leaders made both moral and practical progress in the debate on climate change this week.
It's not always because of ideology, says The Both's Ted Leo -- artists don't want to give up a \piece of their soul.\
The summit was historic more because it happened than because it achieved anything.
Including, of course, Michelle Obama's dress.
The Kentucky clerk was compared to Martin Luther King Jr., Rosa Parks.
Iranian officials' rhetoric and tone on the Yemen crisis has slightly changed. This change was initiated because of the shift in Iran's foreign policy regarding how to use \diplomacy\ and the appropriate wording in order to achieve  Tehran's ideological, geopolitical and economic objectives.
The Highway Trust Fund Bill being considered in Congress has given Senator Grassley an opportunity to let everyone see how tenacious he can be.  Surprisingly, his persistence has nothing to do with highways or bridges, although the uninformed might think that was what a bill with such a name was concerned.
The second American Revolution has begun. It has been stirring within the consciousness of Americans for years, as we've slowly awakened to the chronic and systematic diminishment of the democratic foundations without which we are no longer anything even approaching who we say we are.
\Solemn commitments\ are necessary steps, but are \not enough,\ Francis tells the U.N.
They're staffing up in key primary states.
She was a longtime Democrat.
And they wouldn't mind saying \see you later\ to Mitch McConnell, too.
Shades of Mitt Romney.
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 A powerhouse lineup mixing Hollywood, diplomacy and corporate America streamed into the White House for
In sharp contrast to his failed rival, Rubio avoids the extravagant.
Boehner's plan had evidently been to retire in '14 and usher control to Cantor.
Germany allows inmates to wear their own clothes, cook their own meals, and have romantic visits. Could that work in the United States?
Did we mention this is his first time meeting Congress?
Boehner will resign from Congress next month.
Most politicians stop short of calling for his resignation.
The speaker had been facing growing opposition within his own party.
Most think it's unfair to oppose a candidate based on their religion -- as long as it's Christianity.
\Native youth deserve a lot better than what they\u2019re currently getting.\
\We must lead the charge.\
The speaker's resignation has many worried about what's next for the House.
Rep. Steve Russell (R-Okla.) should show his own military records.
We don't need federal courts to referee power disputes between Congress and the president.
\Hell no you can't!\
\We won't tell them what these tests are -- they don't need to know.\
\The LA County jail system has been a disgrace to working families of Los Angeles for many, many years.\
Pollsters debate whether surveys can be trusted when response rates are low and samples aren't random. A new study examines who gets missed by online surveys. And polls this week show early signs that Trump might be stalling. This is HuffPollster for Friday, September 25, 2015
Police say he had a gun, a claim his family disputes.
The Doctrine of Discovery, which allowed taking indigenous land 500 years ago, still underpins Indian law in the U.S.
With your aid, we've uncovered legal cruelty, exposed official indifference and heard new voices. But there's more to do.
WASHINGTON, Sept 24 (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama would veto legislation to continue funding the government if
The pontiff arrives at a moment of particular turmoil, with a partial government shutdown looming next week.
The backlash against Turing Pharmaceuticals isn't over.
In Washington, you're never too good to be dragged into someone else's scandal.
\God is using Pope Francis to prod our consciousness.\
Did the pontiff lay bare a double standard among lawmakers?
The Maryland governor has been undergoing chemotherapy for non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
No shutdown avoided today.
The nuns had sued under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act over the birth control provision of Obamacare.
\The tie is the color of hope,\ the pope said.
\If they shut this program down, I really don't know how I will be able to feed my daughter.\
Francis' message is expected to resonate both inside and outside of the Capitol.
People from all walks of life turned out to see the pope.
\You believe in global climate change, but you don't believe life begins at conception?\
Two of the three officers will return to duty immediately.
The GOP presidential candidate would still like to repeal the law.
Yeezus is at it again.
\We need to profoundly rethink what we've done over the past 25 years in criminal justice.\
Contributors may still have business with Walker's administration in Wisconsin.
Pope Francis has worked to reform the \most secret bank in the world.\
\It just means that we believe women have the same rights as men -- politically, culturally, socially, economically -- that's what it means.\
The group she helped found still protests \injustice, war, racism, and violence of all forms.\
Touching and humorous.
\The United States -- and this Congress -- have an important role to play.\
Most GOP voters say the former president kept the country safe -- and quite a few would be willing to vote for him again.
\Put aside Pope Francis on the subject of any political conversation.\
A bill debated after Francis' speech would bar federal authorities from considering the climate-change effects of certain projects.
She said any talk of Obama being born outside the U.S. is \totally untrue.\
\When you go out and say you\u2019re gonna legalize drugs and do all sorts of great stuff, you get people showing up at your events.\u201d
Alabama has turned hundreds of pregnant women into felons for using drugs \u2014 even when they\u2019re legal and the kids turn out
Her unsuccessful campaign against Barbara Boxer in California served as a preview of the GOP contender's acerbic style on the 2016 trail.
\The city can\u2019t continue along this path, thinking that this is the solution to the homelessness,\ said one of the ACLU attorneys who filed the lawsuit.
The chamber's second-ranking Democrat hopes the Senate sends a \clean\ funding bill.
Mark your calendars.
\We want to hear from anyone ready to address this urgent problem and work toward solutions.\
Inside 2015's wildfires
Fiorina has made the VA report a staple of her recent speeches.
Growing chatter about a possible coup against Speaker\u00a0John Boehner has\u00a0set Capitol Hill on edge. Talk that conservatives
Politics and pop culture will mix at first Politicon conference.
Whoops.
They also say immigrants cause more crime, which is false.
Francis and Obama headed into the White House for talks. Both men see eye-to-eye on climate change and defense of the poor
Help for big out-of-pocket costs and surprise medical bills are central to her plan.
\What happened?\
The moral argument for climate action might finally get its due.
After months of avoiding the subject, Clinton says \no.\
\The idea that you would think otherwise is not grounded in reality.\
\I stand by the comments.\
\No compromise on this. No backing up on this.\
Many of the hardest-to-reach people still need help.
In a speech delivered in 2012, Ben Carson said the big bang theory was part of the \u201cfairy tales\u201d pushed by \u201chigh-faluting
\Guys, however you feel, he's my guest, so please don't boo him,\ Colbert said.
The United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America is throwing its support to Clinton.
Pope Francis' arrival in Washington inspired many to take action for income equality.
\They can\u2019t answer the question, 'What\u2019s the endgame for success here?'\
She distances herself from an important aspect of Obamacare.
Government funding will expire on Sept. 30.
John Wojnowski doesn't care if the Holy See.
The presidential hopeful was a bit befuddled.
His advice was not well-received.
\Compared to what Republicans are doing, it's pretty damn good.\
The general acknowledged that he has failed to meet military fitness requirements.
The National Mall needs a $700 million facelift. Can a music festival help?
Oh, how the mighty have fallen.
Ahmed's siblings are also leaving the school.
The contract gives teachers a 9.5 percent pay raise over three years, guaranteed 30-minute recesses for elementary students and more teacher input over standardized tests.
Or, hint hint, he would also support \a Christian Governor from Louisiana.\
He'll still probably get the job though.
\Once again, big broadband is on the wrong side of history.\
Ten active wildfires in Northern California continue to threaten a thousand more homes.
Numbers, schmumbers. It's a free country, man, write what you want.
The Founders said no to a national faith and no to religious tests for public office.
A lesson on how to read The New York Times.
WASHINGTON, Sept 21 (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will unveil a plan this week to cap monthly
Carly Fiorina and Marco Rubio notched another set of strong performances.
\Now let's move on.\
\Immigrants are more fertile.\
\You judge candidates for president not on their religion, not on the color of their skin, but on their ideas, on what they stand for.\
\America is an idea, not owned by a particular religion.\
\It's important that our force reflect the nation that it protects.\
\Francis is a big liberal on economic issues and a social conservative.\
Liz Mair was fired over tweets earlier this year, but she took to Twitter Monday to explain why Walker couldn't win the White House in 2016.
Even though the tech company explicitly allows apps focused on political satire.
\I'm not ready to make an announcement.\
The congressmen say Carson is resorting to \fear mongering\ to get ahead in the polls.
Los Angeles, Washington, Chicago and Detroit are some of the biggest departments that will receive funding for cameras.
\u201cWe want to protect our police officers. We\u2019ll do a better job ... if our communities can feel confident that they are being treated fairly.\
He says he'll stick to his stance \irrespective of what the political ramifications of that are.\
The most recent CNN poll, released after last week's GOP debate, had him with less than 1 percent support.
\This bill is a violation of First Amendment rights and interferes with the 14th Amendment.\
In 2011, Christie hit back against conservatives who didn't want Sohail Mohammed to be a state judge.
Carly rising.
The businesswoman is having a moment.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) \u2014 California Gov. Jerry Brown has signaled he will sign legislation granting women new tools to challenge
She led the company when it laid off 30,000 employees.
\We want debates! We want debates!\
\We have to do more than just say we care.\
Many don't see an obvious successor to the former president among the 2016 contenders.
\I'm more than glad to say that of course I would sign that.\
She also said \Bernie,\ which for her was a rare mention of his name.
The Obama administration has committed to taking in 10,000.
At least nobody said he wasn't a scientist.
\To ostracize him like that -- that's stuff from the '50s.\
\I would not advocate that we put a Muslim in charge of this nation.\
He needs to pick up more support among nonwhite voters to have any chance of competing with Clinton.
\Simply put, Jake was one of the best.\
\u201cI just happen to disagree with the pope on this one.\u201d
\u201cThis step is in keeping with America\u2019s best tradition as a land of second chances and a beacon of hope.\
Trump cannot answer the Obama place-of-birth question because he would either have to lie outright, or state that Ted Cruz is ineligible to run for president. Trump likes Cruz.  He does not want to have to say that.  But, he must, or admit that his entire Obama birth certificate campaign was a complete scam.
Establishment Republicans are already reeling from Trump's candidacy. Now the GOP has to deal with another frontrunner making deeply offensive remarks.
Shultz is correct. The mistake is being made by the field of Republican presidential candidates pandering to those in their base who deny that climate change even exists and that even if it did, the United States cannot do anything about it.
Beyond aggressively marketing herself as the female anti-Hillary, hardly a credential in itself, her candidacy rests solely on a tenure as CEO, which ended in her firing. By comparison to other business leaders who have run for president or pondered doing so, Fiorina's record at Hewlett-Packard is less uplifting saga than dead weight, suggesting that she lacks the capacities essential in a successful president.
Vice President Joe Biden\u2019s aides in recent days called Democratic donors and supporters to suggest he is more likely than
WASHINGTON, Sept 19 (Reuters) - Major intrusions by Chinese hackers of U.S. companies' computer systems appear to have slowed
Nominee Eric Fanning is obviously qualified for the role.
He also made the case for why he can beat Republicans.
\I'm not going to speculate on the president's faith.\
Rep. John Conyers wants to  force the Federal Reserve to focus more on job growth.
What did Sanders stand to gain? We asked Fusion's Kevin Roose -- who spent a \semester abroad\ at the school that Jerry Falwell built.
She's previously said that being forced to wear her hair according to male standards was \painful and awkward.\
After the sixth suicide in his old battalion, Manny Bojorquez sank onto his bed. With a half-empty bottle of Jim Beam beside
\Right. That's a clock, and I'm the Queen of England.\
A widow will now be allowed to inherit some of the assets of her late wife.
Read my lips
Right now, the country deserves better than this array. Perhaps as the polls narrow down and the money dries up, we will hear better. But for now, it is really disappointing that this field of people who aspire to lead us looks so frail.
The burdens of brotherly love...
It's a given that to be a Republican candidate you have to bash President Obama as being weak on defense. But as evidenced in Wednesday's debate, while a few of the candidates depart from the party's most heated foreign policy rhetoric, none of them have come up with a coherent alternative.
When the Pope takes the stage in the heart of the nation's capital, Americans will be enthralled.\u00a0He has done more than any other Vatican leader in our lifetime.\u00a0And he has done so with grace, energy, and determination.\u00a0Our political leaders will be watching him.\u00a0They should learn from him too.
This week's Republican debate featured a number of whoppers that never received the media scrutiny they deserved because an examination of the debate was soon overshadowed wall-to wall coverage of a bigoted question Donald Trump was asked by a supporter at a New Hampshire rally.
\Let\u2019s stop the racism. Let\u2019s stop the xenophobia.\
But how the settlement might affect the officers' trials isn't clear.
ST. LOUIS (AP) \u2014 A federal appeals court ruled Thursday that President Barack Obama's health care law unjustly burdens religiously
Jeb Bush\u2019s first post-debate political rally started a few minutes early, in a rec center room built for 200 but only half
His comments on Latino voters quickly turned to praise for a hotel maid.
GOP senators want credit this year for judges they confirmed last year. OK!
Sigh.
No final decisions have been made or forwarded to Pentagon leaders.
History cannot be ignored.
He claims Davis did so when she altered marriage license forms for same-sex couples.
She called it \an attack on women's health.\
\Hard-working Mainers should not come home to see snowmobiles, four wheelers or jet skis in the yards of those who are getting welfare.\
As usual, Palin misses the mark.
\It\u2019s time for Congress to start living in the real world -- where you either do your job -- or you don't get paid.\
Clinton says her opinion on Keystone will come \soon.\ But that's not soon enough for those looking to stop the controversial pipeline.
The Texas school had said it would \certainly welcome\ the teen back.
According to the state, the fact that dinosaurs evolved into birds \has never been observed and should be considered a theory.\ OK.
The automaker is being investigated for producing vehicles that can \cheat\ in emissions tests.
Sean Wilentz called that a \destructive falsehood.\
\If you even talk about the vaccine debate you give it credence.\
Some Republicans may be reluctant to share their support for Donald Trump with a stranger on the telephone. Bernie Sanders' poll support matches where Barack Obama stood at this time in 2007, but there's a catch. And a Republican pollster warns that voter discontent could spur primary upsets. This is HuffPollster for Friday, September 18, 2015
\When the Pope chooses to act and talk like a leftist politician, then he can expect to be treated like one.\
The justices could again weigh women's health care against religious liberty.
California judge says the group cannot decline to testify in a lawsuit against Planned Parenthood.
\If he announces he\u2019s running, we\u2019re all in.\
Six-figure ad buy targets Republican who accused the pope of acting \like a leftist politician.\
Homeless families say they are repeatedly displaced, losing valued belongings each time.
The standout moments from Simi Valley.
One of the weird and troublesome things about political debates is the disconnect between the qualities of showmanship that
Inappropriate? Yes. But that didn't stop them.
\He gets better every time I see him.\
*Crickets*
\There's many other tools than we have without canceling a dinner. That's not gonna change anything.\
She used a good, old-fashioned emoji to express her opinion.
Rosa Parks sat on the national board of the family planning provider.
It's a quest that will determine whether her breakthrough moment is a turning point in the Republican primary or simply a footnote.
She also praised Kim K's selfie game.
\If they go out and fund Planned Parenthood, I\nthink that could risk at least one guy's job as speaker.\
The Fed chair said a shutdown would \u201cendanger\u201d economic progress.
Three GOP candidates used Planned Parenthood to attack the Democratic frontrunner.
Take note, future debate moderators.
The Republican presidential candidates did not hold back during their second GOP primary debate Wednesday night. Whether
But are we really that shocked?
None of the Republican candidates suffered glaring missteps in the extended showdown.
Yet another setback for the Kentucky clerk.
Fierce and funny, The Greatest stood for his ideals when it was hard.
The school canceled ten contracts with the family planning provider across five cities.
Before you jump on the Fiorina bandwagon, consider this.
Party politics are real.
A new report says conditions in immigrant detention centers are similar to those in prisons.
Harriet Tubman would like a word with you.
The 2016 presidential candidate talks women's rights, immigration and Trump's famous coif.
\It's very unfortunate what happened.\
The administration said the bill \would limit access to health care for men, women, and families across the Nation.\
\u201cI\u2019m still trying to wrap my head around why this is even in any way... controversial.\u201d
It only took two days.
\Ninety percent of American workers don't own a bar. They don't own a business. They work for a living.\
\The federal government has abdicated its responsibility to properly serve student loan borrowers.\
The term \u201cpeople with disabilities\u201d encompasses people with all types of mental and physical disabilities.
\America is not a planet.\
Sanders wants to get private companies out of the detention business within three years.
\Ahmed is working hard and being creative. It\u2019s a shame that a boy is faced with such injustice in America.\
The social media chatter was mostly about Donald Trump.
Conservative members of the House of Representatives know they face long odds in their fight to strip Planned Parenthood
A new government report finds that the agency lacks oversight.
\This tactic promises only to shield Senate Democrats from their responsibility for a government shutdown.\
Get excited.
Rescuers searched for a 6-year-old boy and a hiker missing on Wednesday after flash floods in southern Utah killed at least
Going Gallagher on the tax code is basically his one good trick.
WASHINGTON, Sept 16 (Reuters) - The White House was placed on a security lockdown on Wednesday because of an unattended package
Roberts voted twice to uphold Obamacare.
Fox wouldn't touch \climate change,\ but perhaps CNN will.
WASHINGTON -- The U.S.\u2019s lead agency in countering foreign intelligence threats, has one answer for people asking why it
4/20 has nothing on 9/16 this year.
The central bank is set to announce this week whether it'll raise its benchmark interest rate.
\It's kind of crazy that we're here begging. I don't get it.\
WASHINGTON -- Jon Stewart learned a new reason Wednesday to respect the heroes of 9/11 who have spent years lobbying Congress
And it's going to be a doozy.
Gabay was struck by a stray bullet from a gang shooting, according to police.
Reminder
\It's not a dodge. I am deadly serious.\
\If Congress can't come together and help the first responders ... we may as well forget this place altogether.\
Patrick Lynch has a lot of venom for \arm-chair judges.\
The ruling is only procedural, but it adds to a string of losses for Davis at all levels of the federal judiciary.
A proposal in Congress, backed by labor unions, would make it much riskier for employers to illegally retaliate against pro-union workers.
8.6 percent more low-income students enrolled after receiving the texts.
The coming months may be the last best chance to eliminate spending caps in the Obama era.
Washington is finally paying attention.
\To the best of my knowledge, they followed protocol,\ the mayor said.
Participants in the second-tier debate deflected a question about balancing vigilance with discrimination.
\u201cI can say Bernie Sanders was very open to being pushed,\u201d one of the attendees said.
\We have to do shutdown planning. Unfortunately, we're getting pretty good at that.\
Yet another way to pester you for money.
The formative experience of my political life was the 2000 presidential campaign, in which the media mercilessly persecuted
Just 4 percentage points separate the famous neurosurgeon from Donald Trump.
\Ladies, look at this face, and look at all of your faces -- the face of leadership.\
\A victory for the union is also a victory for education across the country.\
He also took aim at some GOP presidential hopefuls, albeit indirectly.
MIDDLETOWN, Calif. (AP) \u2014 Barbara McWilliams told her caretaker she didn't want to leave her home near Middletown, despite
In Zion National Park, four people died and three were missing after going to explore canyons, officials said.
\We should call this what it is
\We are a nation that continues to be dependent on fossil fuels.\
Evidently, the Jewish new year has been filled with distress thanks to the nuclear accord.
Don't blame your mechanic. Blame your automaker for creating a car-parts monopoly.
The strike has delayed the start of the school year for over 50,000 students.
The House plans to vote on a bill to lift the 40-year-old ban this fall.
The justice was there to talk about his new book, but opened up about the court instead.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein graciously says the CIA's torture program didn't go that far.
Who run the world? Girls.
The poorest fifth of Americans would get just under 3 percent of the tax breaks.
Jennifer Ryan did not love the idea of taking on debt, but she figured she was investing in her future.\u00a0Eager to further
\I thought maybe we'd have a little bit more time.\
Even if it's \crude and offensive.\
The group links Sanders to Venezuela's Hugo Chavez and the United Kingdom's new Labour Party leader, Jeremy Corbyn.
Election officials across the country want to purchase new machines, but funds are scarce.
\It was the kind of onslaught I expected to see from the Koch Brothers or Sheldon Adelson.\
The Russian claims of a focus on \terrorism\ may be misleading.
Though it has been largely ignored by national media and pollsters, Kentucky\u2019s November gubernatorial election could mean
He's the latest in a string of state legislators to be convicted of public corruption in recent years.
During the High Holy Days, we should reflect on what the world can do to bring peace to those fleeing war.
\It is not enough to condemn campus sexual assault. We need to end campus sexual assault.\
Walker will propose eliminating unions for employees of the federal government and scrapping the federal agency that oversees unfair labor practices.
Schumer said his amendment was an \elegant solution\ to a rise in drone incidents at sporting events and parades across the country.
Now, it's up to the community to act.
Slager has been jailed since April.
But it's still too early for polls to predict who might win in 2016.
The office of \America's toughest sheriff\ has cost an Arizona county millions of dollars, and he may be facing his toughest
Now he dreams of a Supreme Court with more \rock-ribbed\ conservatives.
The vice president met with a Clinton financial backer.
Davis stopped issuing licenses after the Supreme Court legalized gay marriage.
More than 75 towns and 300 coastal businesses opposed plan to allow drilling in the Atlantic.
Jeb! may not be so excited about cutting back on private jet travel.
Iowa and New Hampshire like him, but many voters elsewhere don't know him.
Along the Rio Grande, a program designed to reduce cross-border wait times is shrinking the barrier between El Paso and Juarez.
\We're trying to help people who are in need of our assistance to get jobs.\
The Fed balances concerns about inflation with its commitment to full employment.
This story was originally published by The St. Louis American.\u00a0 Those quoted terms were included in Gov. Jay Nixon\u2019s initial
Democrats are feeling the Bern.
Around the U.S., a worsening heroin epidemic has more and more cities turning to the anti-overdose drug naloxone to reduce
The president must speak out against \pigs in a blanket.\
\You're just going to have people shake their head.\
It uses Reagan's famous \shining city upon a hill\ speech.
\He likes to get out with the people and with that comes a large security risk.\
\Bringing in people from the Middle East right now carries extra danger.\
Key word
People who work with sexual assault victims slam the proposal as \colossally stupid legislation.\
After the U.S. spent decades pursuing a failed 'quiet diplomacy' approach to promoting rights and freedom in Tibet and China, now is the time for the President to turn up the volume and speak out publicly.
As for issues like paid family leave and keeping Social Security intact that would make the lives of women better, Carly Fiorina's campaign statements are resoundingly silent.
After 80 years, Social Security has stood the test of time.  It is incredibly efficient, spending less than a penny of every dollar on administration -- the remaining 99 cents is paid in benefits.  The question isn't can we afford to expand Social Security.  As the wealthiest nation in the world, at the wealthiest moment in our history, there is no question that we can afford to expand Social Security.  The real question is how can we afford not to do so.
This week, summer vacation ended for millions of Americans, as did the wait for two long-anticipated events. First, in Washington, the Iran nuclear agreement cleared its biggest hurdle, as opponents lost a key procedural vote in the Senate. Maybe former Vice President Dick Cheney, whose strong opposition to the deal is among the best arguments for it, provided the winning margin. To drive the point home, the White House released a cutting video montage of Cheney's wildly wrong assessments of Iraq, showing he was \wrong then, wrong now.\ Meanwhile, The Late Show with Stephen Colbert finally debuted, with a literally biting bit about the media's Trump addiction, and an interview featuring a suave Jeb Bush and a stilted Colbert (actually, switch that). As Colbert said, \I used to play a narcissistic, conservative pundit -- now, I'm just a narcissist.\ But still very, very funny. And, given his poignant interview with Joe Biden, very, very human.
WASHINGTON, Sept 12 (Reuters) - The company that managed Hillary Clinton's private email server said it has \no knowledge
Candidates are at odds with the Pope on several issues.
In matters of great public interest, the mayor would decide whether to release related video footage.
She's due back at work on Monday.
Jon Stewart will ask them to make up for it next week.
\A luxury this country cannot afford.\
She said that they sidestep questions about their views.
A new website shows debt levels and annual earnings for former students of colleges that accept federal student aid.
Corbyn has drawn comparisons to Sanders, who is also running as an economic populist.
\u201cWe need leadership in every country in the world which tells the billionaire class that they cannot have it all.\
The first executions are scheduled for Oct. 21.
It may be 2015, but in many ways when it comes to race, religion, gender and sex it feels like the '50's.
Lynn Walker was one of the more significant civil rights leaders of the last half-century, although not as widely known as her accomplishments deserve.
It wasn't that long ago that the pundits had the 2016 presidential contest pegged as a Clinton-Bush match-up. While that may still occur, I wouldn't place a bet on it.
\We stand as strong as ever.\
The teachers have not received a cost-of-living pay raise in six years.
With political neophytes collecting half of the support from Republican Party primary voters and anti-Washington sentiments
\u201cThe message that is sent by such cases where they go after the companies is, \u2018Don\u2019t worry. If you get caught, we\u2019re not
We are living amid the largest refugee crisis in recent memory, but according to one GOP lawmaker, the United States shouldn\u2019t
Thank you, John Boehner.
A security guard shot a man in Union Station in Washington, D.C., on Friday afternoon, the city's Metropolitan Police Department
The survey research world pays tribute to legendary pollster Andrew Kohut. And Donald Trump's surge is far from over, but his supporters may not be who most pundits assume. This is HuffPollster for Friday, September 11, 2015
She has served as mayor since 2010.
A last-minute action by the Louisiana Supreme Court saved Mitch Landrieu from being confined to his home this weekend.
It was a strange week in Washington.
The state is stepping in to combat anti-vaxxers.
He entered the race in June.
Nothing to see here, says the government.
\We need to de-emphasize race and emphasize respect for each other,\ he said.
The movement may make it harder for House Speaker John Boehner to pass a continuing resolution to fund the government.
GOP Rep. Todd Courser also resigned when it became clear that a majority Republicans had secured votes from enough Democrats for his expulsion.
The new rules are \a big step forward for food safety and public health,\ one advocate says.
Sept 11 (Reuters) - A U.S. judge declared a mistrial on Friday in the case of an Alabama policeman on trial for violating
Many in the gay rights community say keeping domestic partner benefits would continue to benefit some in the gay community as well as other non-traditional families.
Americans who recently took out federal student loans aren't paying down their debt.
Looking back, we know quite a bit about who has been put to death in the United States. We know that the last person to be
The famed neurosurgeon's low-key approach has paid off, but will it hold up under scrutiny?
This is getting pretty ridiculous.
Forty-one percent of likely Iowa Democratic caucusgoers said they would support Sanders.
Hillary Clinton\u00a0says she has never smoked pot, not even as a bell-bottom-wearing undergraduate in the 1960s. Her husband\u2019s
Brown said the bill would expose drone users to \burdensome litigation.\
Super villains are no match for James Bond. But a shadowy pro-Bernie Sanders super PAC might be.
Sen. Shelley Moore Capito sees running as an opportunity to unplug.
Democrats say the bill actually makes a government shutdown more likely.
A federal judge says a controversial House lawsuit can go forward.
\We want to focus on ... reforming the police department, improving the relationship between the community and the police,\ she adds.
Treasury Secretary Lew urges lawmakers to act before deadline nears.
\Oil has won the skirmish. But they've lost the bigger battle,\ pledges Gov. Jerry Brown.
Bills in the House and Senate would keep the health program going indefinitely.
Only three lawmakers have been expelled in Michigan history.
It\u2019s being called a \u201crevolt\u201d by intelligence pros who are paid to give their honest assessment of the ISIS war\u2014but are instead
Because of democracy and stuff.
\Job applicants deserve to be assessed on their skills and qualifications and merits.\
\Yes, I'm stunned.\
Legal experts point out that the location of a trial can affect the attitude of the jury.
\u201cFew issues in education are more important than ensuring equitable access to high-quality teachers.\
Despite years of effort, Common Core's critics have largely failed to repeal the standards.
\If we had tried diplomacy, perhaps my son would be alive.\
The bankers behind the last one still have their get-out-of-jail-free cards.
Boehner said a lawsuit against the president is a \very possible\ option.
\u201cFor anyone who has felt isolated and afraid, left out and left behind as a result of a sexual crime, our message is clear
The U.S. is reportedly considering raising the number of refugees it accepts in fiscal year 2016 by 5,000.
No word from the 53 other Republicans on whether they care about fixing the landmark legislation.
Bush was Colbert's first political guest on the show.
\I cannot for the life of me understand what the Republicans expect.\
In video of the incident obtained from one angle, the demonstrator appeared to approach the stage.
The GOP presidential hopeful used that argument to defend Kentucky clerk Kim Davis.
But he can't even remember his own state's dark history.
A former EPA official is working with BP on a plan to undermine new smog standards.
OMG.
Hillary Clinton still led the Democratic field.
The Democrat-turned Republican has had yet another change of heart.
California's state Senate voted\u00a031-2 Tuesday to ban the names of Confederate leaders from public buildings.\u00a0 SB 539, which
Nearly 8 in 10 of the state's GOP voters say he should hang it up.
Ray Kelly offers up a theory for which there is very little evidence.
\Do not join them in this any further, and if you can't do that, then you should just quit.\
He just hasn\u2019t decided which Republican candidate to back. Care to make a pitch?
But math may still be an obstacle.
The GOP candidate calls for massive breaks for the wealthiest Americans.
Slager was indicted on a murder charge in June.
The president also pledges $175 million for apprenticeship training.
\I was there to promote peace, not tug of war.\
\That's tasty.\
SPRING, Tex. \u2014 Asher Abid Khan sat in Istanbul\u2019s Ataturk Airport and considered his next move \u2014 forward to Syria and enlistment
She declined to do so during an interview on Friday.
Congress is facing a Sept. 30 deadline to fund the federal government.
We'll ask the questions around here, if you don't mind.
Her plan goes beyond a call for a constitutional amendment to overturn the Citizens United decision.
The Republican leader faces a grueling next few months, and even allies believe this will be his last term atop the GOP conference
\I'm offering something different
Poll shows Biden up by 10 points and Clinton down by 10 points.
\We have bigger fish to fry in terms of the whole issue of faith.\
\She loves God, she loves people, she loves her work, and she will not betray any of those three.\
The Washington Post reported Tuesday that Baltimore city officials have reached a $6.4 million wrongful death settlement
If it's like other famous commission reports, yes.
The former host of \The Daily Show\ will ask lawmakers to extend funding to help 9/11 heroes.
The move illustrates the huge administrative burden caused by Clinton's decision to use a private email address for official communications as secretary of state.
Donors to pro-Jindal outside groups included appointees, companies employing lobbyists and recipients of state subsidies.
They won't vote to fund the federal government if the bill includes any money for the family planning provider.
Lawyers say the state is stopping parents from getting birth certificates for their kids, who are U.S. citizens.
Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton will sit down with Jimmy Fallon on NBC's \The Tonight Show\ on Sept. 16. The
Some things to know as students, parents and teachers embark on a new school year.
Wage stagnation is a \clear sign\ the economy is not ready for an interest rate hike, the newspaper argued on Monday.
Especially on the GOP side, vague is good; ignorance is better.
(Reuters Health) - Two years after offering colonoscopy patients full coverage for their screening if they had it done at
One remaining question mark is Sen. Chris Coons (D-Del.), who supports the deal but would still like to see a vote on the floor.
Union president says he's \literally disgusted\ by the spot.
Happy birthday, senator!
The judge also ordered the defiant clerk not to interfere with the work of other deputies in Rowan County.
He said Republicans have been \wrecking the economy for a long, long time.\
An aide to Mitch McConnell has been informing foreign embassies about GOP plans to oppose Obama's strategy on global warming
\You built the middle class, that's not an exaggeration.\
He was the \unintended target\ of the shooting, according to NYPD.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Sept 7 (Reuters) - Lawyers for jailed Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis said on Monday they had asked an appellate
He will announce his run on Wednesday.
California Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom (D) and GOP presidential candidate Mike Huckabee sparred on Twitter on Sunday
Federal contractors will have to offer employees up to seven days of leave per year.
It wasn't always about hot dogs and bounce houses.
Just after President Obama took office, a Department of Homeland Security report recognized that the combination of a tanking economy together with the election of America's first African-American president might trigger right-wing violence.  The report was later withdrawn, given the headwinds of conservative criticism.

The mounting catastrophe of Syrian refugees in Europe is one part the same old same old, \not in my backyard,\ but with several new wrinkles. One is the complete paralysis of the European Union as a government able to take emergency action. The humanitarian crisis is happening right now in real time, but the EU operates by consensus if not unanimity and it operates with agonizing slowness. Several nations don't want anything to do with refugees. Hungary's brutal response is more candid and ugly than others, but in this story there are few heroes. One hero is the Prime Minister of Sweden, Stefan L\u00f6fven. Sweden has been more generous to refugees and immigrants than most nations, and now faces a backlash.
Senator Schumer stated that his was a very difficult decision, and one must respect his convictions. However, a number of Democratic leaders were disappointed by his action, which, due to his experience and influence, might have helped swing the vote the other way.
The contempt ruling sent her to jail.
\I think that the terrain has changed.\
Sanders is 9 points ahead of Clinton in New Hampshire and trails by 11 points in Iowa.
Critics of the bill say it likely violates Roe v. Wade.
WASHINGTON, D.C. \u2014 More than 1,300 people were expected to attend a \u201cSouthern Heritage\u201d rally in support of the Confederate
One of the statistical touchstones for left-leaning economists is the run of figures showing that US workers have suffered
She's back, baby.
Fox warns against a trend that doesn't exist.
The GOP presidential hopeful wants citizens to disobey the Supreme Court ruling.
A symbolic victory for Obama.
Iraq's top ayatollah and its prime minister are subtly challenging widespread Iranian influence.
The congresswoman said she faced \the most difficult decision I have had to make in the nearly 23 years I have served in elected office.\
Something to think about when you fire up the grill this weekend.
The former vice president waved off numbers that showed Iran\u2019s nuclear capacity grew rapidly under the Bush administration.
This week the world saw the power of a single image -- that of the lifeless body of three year-old Aylan Kurdi lying face-down in the sand on a Turkish beach. The boy drowned, along with his brother and mother, trying to reach Europe from Syria. The heartbreaking image crystallized the growing refugee crisis, and personified the more than 2,600 people who have died this year trying to reach Europe by sea. Many are coming from Syria, where civil war has killed over 250,000 and displaced 11 million. As debate raged in the media about running the horrific photo, there was no argument about whether Europe and the rest of the West could be doing more to alleviate the horrific suffering. Already David Cameron has announced the U.K. will take in more refugees. But the image was a moral challenge to us all. As a tribute in an Australian paper read
His behavior since July has provided strong evidence that he not only doesn't care about bipartisan support for Israel but, rather, is actively working to swing Jewish support to the Republicans while virtually writing off, even deliberately alienating, traditionally pro-Israel liberal Democrats.
Women are unlikely to ask priests to forgive us for having an abortion.  But we should welcome a conversation with Pope Francis about providing relief from the damage Catholics and others suffer as a result the Church's obstinately backwards position of recent decades.
Labor Day is a time for honoring the working people of this country. It is a time to celebrate the accomplishments of the activists and organizers who fought for the 40-hour work week, occupational safety protection and other workplace rights. These working people resisted the oligarchs of their day, fought for a more responsive democracy, and built the middle class.
Here's a tip for all you professional scoffers sneering at Trump's chances of winning the nomination, and should he pull that off, disparage as laughable the thought of a victory in the general. Just remember... they said the same thing about Ronald Reagan.
The Rowan County clerk is expected to remain incarcerated for at least a week.
\u201cSept. 11 is days away. These same senators will be wrapping themselves in the flag.\
\We obviously paid for those services and did so because during a period of time we continued to need his technical assistance.\
Smart guns can only be fired by authorized users. Why aren't they more popular?
What's happening in a few cities is not proof of a national trend.
Hillary Rodham Clinton and her family personally paid a State Department staffer to maintain the private e-mail server she
For generations, freshmen cadets at the United States Military Academy have marked the end of a grueling summer of training
\Human rights are women's rights, and women's rights are human rights, once and for all.\
\I don't think there's ever been a better time, in my life, to have the privilege of serving as the labor secretary,\ Tom Perez says.
Sept 4 (Reuters) - A fire that badly damaged a Planned Parenthood building in Washington state early on Friday was caused
\Don't get enough of it, always want more of it.\
\Having it all\ seems to have died a slow and unceremonious death. Now we American women talk about blending, integration, \managing it all\, or giving it all up in favor of digital detox, yoga and a simpler life. Less stuff, less stress, and less enterprising women in the workforce using their unique voices to challenge the fundamentally broken status quo.

In a homophobic political stunt poorly veiled in \religious beliefs,\ Rowan County, Kentucky clerk Kim Davis denied marriage licenses to LGBT couples despite a federal court order instructing her that the US Supreme Court legalized same-sex marriage nationwide, and she must comply.



Get ready for more pointless crap from your elected officials.
Until a few years ago, teachers, waitresses and firefighters could run for office in Maine -- and win.
MOREHEAD, Ky., Sept 4 (Reuters) - The Kentucky clerk's office that had refused to issue marriage licenses to gay couples
The secretary of state distinguished between Hillary Clinton and whistleblowers who leak secrets.
The EPA maintained after Erickson's initial ruling that the injunction applied in only those 13 states, and said it had begun enforcing it elsewhere.
\This is their way of pushing us out of our own community.\
Congress needs to re-up the National School Lunch Program but doesn't want to eat its veggies.
The firefighters believe the city owes them almost $200 million.
Biden gets a polling bump, even though he hasn't declared intentions to run. Hillary Clinton's favorable rating drops, but much of the decline was predictable. And polls show Republicans opting for outsider candidates. This is HuffPollster for Friday, September 4, 2015
She flew to D.C. for the White House Correspondents' Dinner.
He also said Davis has no intention of stepping down.
Fifty-four percent of those surveyed say they haven't taken a vacation in the last 12 months.
The secretary of state predicts the country will be \90 percent supportive\ of the Iran deal as it is implemented.
The secretary of state boldly predicts the deal will have a 90 percent approval rating by 2017.
Arkansas recently approved a measure to build a statue of the Ten Commandments on the state capitol grounds.
LOL. Peasants!
A group of former Corinthian Colleges students continues to await promised debt relief despite \fast-track\ assurances.
\Not having to participate in this complicated system is really a privilege.\
The secretary of state defends the administration's decision to allow Arctic drilling.
\The most relevant factor in my decision is whether my family and I have the emotional energy to run.\
\I think what Dick Cheney promotes has been a disaster for this country.\
\We need to be unified, we need to win.\
The email scandal saga continues.
\I'll pay ten large to whomever kills Dr. Deborah Nucatola,\ one person posted.
Now that Democrats have 34 votes, could they get 41?
He repeatedly declined to answer their questions about the future of a city school.
The path of least resistance would be for her to resign.
If the court rejects the case, eight abortion clinics will be forced to shut down.
Makes PERFECT sense.
\If they were assimilated, within a decade they'd probably be doing as well as the rest of us.\
Obama's push for transgender rights reaches the health care system.
\Drinking & Talking\ tackles the Iran deal, with a mix of booze and sharp geopolitical insights.
\I\u2019ve talked to too many people who came home without legs, without eyesight, with traumatic brain injury.\
Don't toy with us, Mr. Vice President.
Supreme Court victor wanted $2 million to cover its costs in trying to destroy the law.
The presidential contender wants to keep tabs on people through fingerprint technology.
Last September, as Islamic State militants rampaged through Syria and Iraq, the Pentagon hosted a top-secret meeting to debate
\Glad this was the only Bear I met in the park.\
Sorry Arne Duncan.
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 Vice President Joe Biden is headed to Florida, where he's sure to get a glimpse of his presidential prospects
\I think you should be able to keep your job and follow your conscience.\
Thirteen of the world's largest energy companies support a climate deal that would limit warming to 2 degrees C.
An early draft of his article explicitly suggested the killing of law professors.
Republican presidential candidate denies saying \by breathing we contribute to\ climate change.
Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick says the biggest problem with American policing right now is the public's lack of respect for officers.
\We want to make sure that our own grandkids can see this.\
While she was secretary of state, Hillary Rodham Clinton wrote and sent at least six e-mails using her private server that
Thanks, Obama. We're really feeling that #FOMO now.
\If we don't reverse these perverse incentives, we all remain at risk.\
Kim Davis has been defying the Supreme Court's order because of \God's authority.\
Significantly, she's throwing her support behind medication-assisted treatment.
\There is no staff in New Hampshire.\
Corrections officials say prolonged isolation is a \grave\ problem and they seek to limit or end it.
An in-depth study concludes that \inappropriate\ law enforcement responses escalated tension in St. Louis County.
Nunley would be the sixth death row inmate to be executed this year in Missouri.
Fiorina had argued that the standards were unfair because they didn't reflect her boost in the polls after the Aug. 6 debate.
The benefits of being an elected official.
\We may be changing tactics.\
Biden is considering whether or not to run for president.
\We just don't have the votes to get the outcome that we'd like.\
The administration told a federal judge that Jindal lacks \sufficient reasons\ to cancel Planned Parenthood's Medicaid contract.
\The Senate Democrats have a big enough number to prevent us from doing things.\
President Obama on Tuesday will propose speeding the acquisition and building of new Coast Guard icebreakers that can operate
More jobs and more health insurance are making a big difference in peoples' lives.
A new report looks at just how many Americans are affected by the laws.
\It is about marriage and God\u2019s Word.\
\We need to seize the opportunity to make Michigan\u2019s energy decisions in Lansing,\ Gov. Rick Snyder said.
The court declined to halt a federal court order that essentially requires her to comply with the Constitution.
Sens. Chris Coons and Bob Casey announced their support for the deal Tuesday.
Obama administration proposal would aid big banks that have pleaded guilty to felony antitrust charges.
Oops.
Columbia's student newspaper quoted Columbia President Lee Bollinger as telling a school convocation
Cletus Moore was previously convicted in 2009 for meth possession.
Kim Davis says it's against her religious beliefs.
Republicans are fed up with their party. Is it enough to sour them on the politicians campaigning to lead it?
It wasn't about a hankering for some ground-up carp.
Every year, thousands of high school students get ready for the SAT by using The Princeton Review\u2019s test preparation services
Chris Christie gets points for novelty, but not practicality.
That doesn't seem healthy.
Forty-four percent also say that he wasn't born in the U.S.
Admittedly, some of them might be a bit harder to pronounce than \Denali.\
\One of its fundamental arguments has been knocked out from under it.\
OMG.
\u201cThat\u2019s not the argument I was making,\u201d the president told The Forward.
#Kanye2020
Former Vice President Dick Cheney said he hopes Vice President Joe Biden jumps into the 2016 presidential race. \I'd love
Another year. Another looming deadline for funding the federal government. Another hot-button issue whipping conservatives
Many other Florida Democrats remain undecided.
#Kanye2020
He just said it was \a legitimate issue\ to consider.
A 2010 government report found only 32 miles of the northern border had \an acceptable level of security.\
Reports suggesting small investors got out of the market at just the right time are misleading.
\The Eighth Amendment compels them to act.\
She'll campaign for Russ Feingold in Wisconsin next month.
Two former Clinton aides at the State Department had received bonuses when they left their bank jobs.
Oh well.
The vehicle will be going around New York City to raise awareness.
\I want our police officers to be in a position to demonstrate beyond a reasonable doubt that they are acting professionally.\
Everyone in the race has a reason to quit. Who wants this thankless job, anyway?
\Politics is not a soap opera.\
The court's move effectively allows the former governor to stay out of prison while he files a formal appeal.
In January 2015, the state reported that medically assisted drug treatment had increased by 40 percent.
Trump & Co. appeal to voters who want to turn the system upside down.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama sets off for a three-day tour of Alaska on Monday, aiming to shine a spotlight
Environmental groups are outraged over his drilling policies.
It all comes down to the decision of a 23-year-old college student.
An appellate court ruled the Constitution doesn't apply with equal force on the high court's plaza.
Other Democrats have said Hillary Clinton's position on gun control is more popular within the party.
\This is pro-Bernie Sanders and pro a message that says enough is enough.\
\If they want to come here, they should want to be Americans.\
Walker said building a northern wall is a \legitimate\ issue to look at.
The peak was named Mount McKinley in 1896, but Alaska natives had long before called the mountain Denali, meaning \the High One.\
\I know that this is not a sprint. It's a marathon.\
This ends the 40-year fight to to call the tallest peak in North America by its native name.
In June, Juan Romero did something he hadn't done in decades. He celebrated his birthday, going out to dinner with his family
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker surged into the top tier of the Republican presidential race with a fiery speech in the depths
Congress must vote on the deal by Sept. 17.
This week brought powerful reminders of what happens when a government fails its citizens. On Wednesday, as the nation continued to mark the 10th anniversary of Hurricane Katrina's unnecessarily tragic destruction of a uniquely American city, the nation woke to yet another uniquely American tragedy, as two Roanoke-based news staffers -- reporter Alison Parker, and cameraman Adam Ward -- were gunned down on live television. It was the beginning of a news cycle we know all too well
Little wonder that candidates increasingly do their best to rehearse and rehearse and stick to prepared talking points. However, there are plenty of other opportunities besides the debates for missteps to go viral on the web.
A new Des Moines Register/Bloomberg Politics Iowa Poll\u00a0shows Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt) only 7\u00a0points behind Hillary Clinton
\We need to have a system that tracks you from the moment you come in.\
He says he's now open to changing the 14th Amendment.
Three top Jeb Bush fundraisers abruptly parted ways with his presidential campaign on Friday, amid internal personality conflicts
In 1983, as the U.S. confronted the threat posed by the Soviet Union, President Ronald Reagan explained America\u2019s unique
\Nearly everything the president has told us about his Iranian agreement is false.\
ICYMI, Qatar's spent $100 million rebuilding education, housing and health care in Louisiana, Mississippi and Alabama.
BAY CITY, Mich. (AP) \u2014 Dozens of people at a Michigan rally released balloons Saturday to mark the four-year anniversary
The state would be set up to reduce emissions 80 percent by 2050.
Many people believe that electing a woman president will help. I'm not so sure. Does breaking glass ceilings constitute a real political strategy -- that's capable of improving women's lives? And does voting one's gender really translate to voting one's interest?
I have no doubt that some additional legislation, such as background checks, will help stem the tide of this endless gun violence. But the real answer is in repealing existing legislation -- the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act.
When I teach a course on the history of New Orleans at I often tell my students that there were two Katrinas. The first Katrina was the result of a low-pressure system that formed off the Bahamas on August 21st, 2005. The second was a man-made disaster.
I look forward to California implementing the $10 minimum wage in January, and moving to increase the wage even further for 2017 and beyond to lift more California families out of poverty, boost local communities, and make sure everyone benefits from our state's economic prosperity.
Could it possibly be that a Bush III administration will revive the use of torture against the Islamic state, an organization that owes its existence to the U.S.'s disastrous occupation of Iraq? And so our country prepares to wrong the wrongs of the past.
\We're Number 1!\ (We must be so proud...)
Bush has pushed back on criticisms that the federal government's response to the storm was inadequate.
Capitol Hill opponents of the landmark Iranian nuclear accord are devising a Plan B to ratchet up pressure on Iran as President
Andy Parker is even thinking of buying a gun of his own.
Get it, 43!
The photo accompanying a\u00a0Washington Post article\u00a0published yesterday, which reported on\u00a0a\u00a0letter\u00a0signed by nearly 200 Generals
Tropical Storm Erika is headed for Florida, projections show.
A different kind of poll finds support for Donald Trump could be overstated, but he still runs ahead. Pollsters are shaking their heads (and legs) over Trump's rise. And A decade after Katrina, polls continue to show a racial divide in opinions. This is HuffPollster for Friday, August 28, 2015.
Abbott and other conservatives are fighting against Planned Parenthood for what the Texas governor called \gruesome\ actions.
Hint
So that happened. Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) hammered Congressional inaction on gun violence during a HuffPost podcast interview
The justices declined to rehear a controversial June case that upheld Oklahoma's lethal-injection protocol.
An FP investigation shows that Imaad Zuberi, who has bundled hundreds of thousands of dollars for leading Democrats, failed
Planned Parenthood filed a complaint in Alabama federal court on Friday seeking to stop the state from defunding its health
Biden met with Warren this week as he explores a presidential bid.
She called ESPN \a journalistic embarrassment.\
They deliberately set up their own conference at the same resort where the Fed is meeting.
Zimmerman has been arrested a number of times since his acquittal. Earlier this year, he was charged with aggravated assault
Thanks to civil asset forfeiture, it's really, really easy.
They're always in the background.
Citing religious reasons, the clerk filed an emergency request with Justice Elena Kagan on Friday.
Research still shows that new laws would save lives.
A state inspector general's office could disrupt the longstanding culture of corruption.
E-cigarettes generally contain nicotine, drawn into the lungs after it is heated in a flavored liquid.
The former governor-turned-felon is asking Chief Justice John Roberts for bail.
GOP leaders want to avoid it. But the base might not let them.
It wasn't immediately clear if the injunction applied to other states.
\This is a city that slowly, unmistakably, together, is moving forward.\u201d
If you\u2019ve paid any attention to Marco Rubio at any point over the past five years, then chances are pretty good that you
The president also spoke to the team.
Sen. Marco Rubio described a hypothetical Detroit business\u00a0owner with 10 employees as facing higher costs under the Affordable
Hold on to something,\u201d Jim Tennant warned as he fired up his tractor. We lurched down a rutted dirt road past the old clapboard
She has argued that issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples would go against her deeply held religious beliefs that marriage should only be between a man and a woman.
Some voters want to reverse the state's recent ban on capital punishment.
Alison Parker's father says he doesn't want the country to sit back and let him grieve -- he wants action.
They are connected to the perjury charges against Attorney General Kathleen Kane.
The president met with residents in the community on the anniversary of the storm.
\I'm thinking about it very strongly.\
She called out the stances of Marco Rubio, Jeb Bush and John Kasich on reproductive health.
GOP voters are happy with their choices, but they wouldn't mind having fewer of them.
The judge ruled that the plaintiffs, 33 death row inmates, didn't prove that the one-drug method led to a painful and lingering death.
Her campaign has a good point -- CNN is blowing it.
The Phoenix Mercury beat his hometown team, the Chicago Sky, in the finals.
\Perhaps instead of implementing a dress code for women, they should make it mandatory for the men to wear a chastity belt to work.\
It's the anniversary of women achieving the right to vote in the U.S.
Obama singled out the Koch brothers for obstructing state-level efforts to set new renewable energy standards and promote clean energy.
The request was part of the lawsuit Vester Lee Flanagan filed against his past employer.
Vester Flanagan said a co-worker at the other station was told to \stop talking ebonics.\
Aug. 26 is Women's Equality Day.
Former Rep. Trey Radel (R-Fla.) is trying his hand at music. The former lawmaker\u00a0tweeted a link to a song called \Muddy Waters
Residents agree that minorities and poorer people were less supported by recovery efforts than were wealthy, middle-class and white residents.
Everytown For Gun Safety wants the attack to be an \Eric Garner\ moment for gun control.
Coalition cites outdated rules for disposing of wastewater, which can contain carcinogens and radioactive materials.
The two were shot during a live broadcast.
Citing June's historic gay marriage ruling, the court said the clerk must act in accordance with the Constitution.
\Times have changed, and so have public attitudes toward marijuana.\u201d
An organizer says it's \sending a message that's not a positive one.\
He had a criminal record that included arrests for assault and burglary.
It was the GOP presidential candidate's second gaffe on the issue of women's health in recent weeks.
\As a kid from Jersey it spoke to me.\
And relatively few primary voters are clamoring for a Biden candidacy.
NEW YORK, Aug 25 (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court on Tuesday ruled against a New Jersey law authorizing sports gambling in
This is the second poll this month that shows him ahead of Clinton in the state.
A recent court ruling out of New Hampshire has ignited a debate on whether laws banning ballot selfies violate the Constitution.
\u201cWe see racial justice and racial economic equality as part of the same agenda.\
The list includes pepper spray, stun guns and beanbag projectiles.
The creation of high-achieving urban charter schools is one of the most impressive triumphs of American social policy.
The incident underscores a broader point
Military discharge and subsequent transition to civilian living has long been associated with homelessness and poor mental health.
He said both parties want \an empty show vote\ on defunding the family planning provider.
Especially if Biden gets in, the nomination race will be the last one of the 1960s.
Candidates who say they would shut down legal state marijuana businesses are \u201cout of touch with the voters,\u201d one advocate says.
Most say she's not doing a good job as the state's attorney general.
\I can\u2019t support a policy that would endanger one innocent life.\
They want Kerry to block the Alberta Clipper oil pipeline.
Maryland is the first state to issue such guidelines.
A St. Louis County spokesman suggests community service is on the table in similar cases.
Mercy Medical Center denied one woman's request to be sterilized after giving birth.
\If we don't come up with a plan, we're going to lose a lot of human life.\
WASHINGTON, Aug 24 (Reuters) - The White House on Monday praised the political acumen and experience of U.S. Vice President
DES MOINES, Iowa \u2014 Before Ben Carson spoke, the crowd gathered around the Iowa State Fair soapbox on Sunday took stock of
She faces a charge of perjury, as well as three counts of obstruction of justice, four counts of official oppression, and one count of false swearing.
The family said in a statement that the son \has experienced many difficulties over the past several years.\
An open letter to Joe Biden.
\What I will say is, I'm committed to getting up every single day and fighting for the families who sent me.\
The impression is fast setting in that Scott Walker,\u00a0former King of Iowa, is a nonsense person and a ridiculous presidential
Proceeds from the tax will go toward violence prevention programs and research.
The ad marks a growing trend among Republican presidential hopefuls and candidates seeking to attack Obama.
\If I'm president, we're gonna drink more,\ Sen. Lindsey Graham says.
Police say the mayor was not home at the time.
How many times did they switch places in school?
The GOP's slate of candidates is never good enough for the Weekly Standard editor.
A goal 35 years in the making.
The group spent more than $2 million to beat back same-sex marriage in the state.
He'll risk people remembering his own China visit in the hope that people will remember him at all.
He says the reforms mean \a fresh start.\
\North Dakota has made incredible progress and I feel so blessed to have been part of leading our state.\
The order is only temporary, and it could change once the court hears from federal prosecutors.
\A physical struggle was going on, the suspect was able to get his key into the ignition, get the vehicle started,\ a Maryland State Police spokesman said.
\There's so much need. It's kind of like we're constantly operating in crisis mode, because everything is life or death.\
And in many states, school funding systems are shortchanging poor students.
The term is still offensive.
Things are looking up for the Obama administration.
LAS VEGAS (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Monday expanded his push for greater renewable energy adoption, announcing
\People are increasingly understanding that they're taking it on the chin at work.\
\We are going to end institutional racism and we are going to transform and make changes in the criminal justice system that isn't working.\
They called for the government to end funding to the organization.
Christie claimed the lawsuit \is just another of the pile of garbage\ the groups have filed against him.
\u201cWe're letting our defenses down. We're not acting like we're at war anymore.\u201d
\If I were Joe Biden, I'd probably give it very serious consideration.\
But using armed drones to blow up border caves is all right.
The ban would be difficult to enforce and likely violates Roe v. Wade, say its critics.
Days after saying he wanted to end birthright citizenship, the Wisconsin governor says he doesn't.
\For the life of me, I will never understand how a family like the Koch brothers, worth $85 billion, apparently think that's not enough money.\
But that doesn't mean she thinks Americans should.
\This is the best way, the only way, to keep Iran from getting a nuclear weapon.\
Former President George W. Bush
What the corporate media cannot see is that the era of the Bill Clinton \New Democrat\ is finished.  In the real world, the crash of 2008 blew the lid off the bipartisan \Washington consensus\ with its blind faith in the benevolence of capitalism. But now I see a silver lining in the absurdity of the \permanent campaign\
This week we saw how dissimilar appeals to our better and lesser angels look. For the former, there was Jimmy Carter's grace-filled press conference on Thursday revealing that cancer has spread to his brain. He reflected proudly on the work of his Carter Center, which, among many other things, has nearly eradicated the misery-causing guinea worm disease. But the week began very differently, as Donald Trump released an immigration plan that would end birthright citizenship, a proposal that would involve reverting to before the 14th amendment, ratified in 1868 to grant freed slaves citizenship in the wake of the shameful Dred Scott decision. Quite a vision for the future. Meanwhile, Jeb Bush said he disagreed with Trump, but made sure to get in on the xenophobia with the term \anchor babies.\ It was a week that gave us two very different examples of statesmanship and what America can stand for.
Sweetcakes by Melissa does have options. They can commit civil disobedience and discriminate
President Obama is cerebral and deliberative.  Not bold and reckless like George W. Bush.  That's why Obama got elected in the first place. I call it the law of the missing imperative
Last year, more than 68,000 children traveling without a parent entered the country.
He said that the gunman had endured a string of misfortunes.
Washington (CNN) --\u00a0Vice President Joe Biden met privately with Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Saturday in his residence at the
Cruz said recently that he supported ending birthright citizenship for children of undocumented immigrants.
Hillary Clinton's use of a personal email account for conducting State Department business followed both federal rules in
Republican presidential candidates are jostling to stake out positions on birthright citizenship and \u201canchor babies\u201d as immigration
FRANKFORT, Ky. (AP) \u2014 The Kentucky Republican Party has approved a presidential caucus allowing Rand Paul to run for president
s Hillary Rodham Clinton\u2019s campaign struggles with sliding poll numbers, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr.\u2019s exploration
He says Sanders \almost completely agrees on me with social issues and even some on fiscal issues.\
Biden is reportedly reaching out to potential people who could support his White House bid.
The U.S. representative's claims could shed light on a possible motive for the shooting.
The investigation into the killing of Mansur Ball-Bey will be conducted independently from the police department.
Most early money comes from groups that don't disclose their donors.
Photos show the former president's most important moments.
\This guy forgets that I'm from New Jersey.\
Julian Bond was courageous and visionary, a steady hand and a thoughtful strategist, and a tireless and eloquent voice for justice for all who were denied their rights. But for me, Julian was more. He was a mentor who taught me a lesson that has guided my work ever since.
Since Democrats raced to distance themselves from Carter with almost as much vigor as Republican embraced him, the Carter failure meme has gone unchallenged for 35 years.  With Carter's announcement that he is fighting advanced cancer, maybe it is time to set the record straight.
Hillary's e-mail controversy is a real nagging problem. Why not just carry two devices, one for the official address and one for the private address? It's a curious unforced error. But the smoke signals haven't amounted to a smoking gun.
Could we ever vote for an Abraham Lincoln 2.0 - an artificial intelligence built to replicate the decision making style of one of our most accomplished Presidents?

The Democratic Party has shifted to the left on the issue. Will Clinton follow suit?
He gets a thumbs-up in the GOP primary, but as governor of Wisconsin, meh.
Running for president is hard, you guys.
The former \Daily Show\ host \has played an influential and iconic role in covering U.S. politics and media.\
All of the CDC\u2019s recommended immunizations, including those for HPV in preteen boys and girls, are highly effective at preventing communicable and dangerous diseases.
Rubio's throw is a perfect metaphor for the GOP primary.
WASHINGTON, Aug 21 (Reuters) - A U.S. appeals court on Friday upheld a Department of Labor rule requiring employment agencies
Indiana is the only state in the nation to enlist the NRA's help in concealed weapons training.
Washington state's Supreme Court rules 5-4.
He also wants to do more to help former inmates.
The 2016 campaigns are paying pollsters, but not nearly as much as Donald Trump thinks. Costs for polling are likely to increase before courts resolve a lawsuit challenging FCC autodialer rules. And Fiorina, Carson and Kasich get a post-debate ratings boost. This is HuffPollster for Friday, August 21, 2015.
The new law links the controversial practice to consumer fraud.
An October hearing before the House Benghazi Committee is eyed as a potential break point from months of bad headlines.
There are more than a handful.
McDonnell and his wife were convicted in September 2014.
Jeb Bush is in terrible shape. He\u2019s not leading many polls,\u00a0though\u00a0that\u2019s fine this early on.
\\u2028\u2028He\u2019s got a tough road ahead -- take it from someone who's been there.\
On Sunday, a swarm of small rogue drones disrupted air traffic across the country on a scale previously unseen in U.S. skies
The governor will play the videos during a pro-Planned Parenthood rally at his mansion.
He is the vice chairman of the Senate Finance Committee.
Still, the Democratic and Republican parties in the state could not be more divided on the issue.
Finally, some good news for brutal militias.
Hey, breaking the law is breaking the law.
Rev. Ronald Bobo, who pastors a neighborhood church on Page was at a loss for words when he spoke to The American at during
Researchers say warming trends are responsible for as much as 20 percent of the drought.
Declining enrollment and reduced borrowing by students at for-profit colleges contribute to the drop.
\I'll be prepared for anything that comes.\
The presidential candidate now says we should \absolutely\ end it.
Many federal customers appeared to use non-government email addresses with handles such as \sexlessmarriage,\ ''soontobesingle\ or \latinlovers.\
Finally, we get a glimpse of the president's mail.
Americans pay more for prescription drugs than the rest of the world, and we've noticed.
It's time to end the 'legal fiction' that enables tax evasion, a group of economists and policymakers says.
Polls show the health care law picking up support, ever so slowly.
Two leading Republican presidential candidates, Scott Walker and Marco Rubio, recently released concept papers that promise
His public demeanor was patient and analytical, but colleagues also knew him as tough, principled and skillful.
Carter revealed that he had cancer last week, but did not disclose exactly where it had spread.
\I'll be waiting for you, Rubio.\
John Kasich has been telling Iowans the same stories over the course of nearly two decades.
He'll be there Aug. 27.
It may not seem like it, but this week has seen the most significant development yet in the immigration debate\u2019s role in
Rival candidate Bernie Sanders' support has risen 10 points since July.
Republicans thought they had learned a lesson after 2012
He turned to the space agency for help with his new film \The Martian.\
New research finds 20 lives per year saved by NYC jobs program.
Sens. John McCain and Jeff Flake have raised concerns about the plan.
As House Budget chair, he wanted it gone. Now, Kasich tells Republicans to tone down the rhetoric.
The sinking land is causing costly damage to major canals that deliver water up and down the state, officials say.
\I think that a lot was done that went further than it needed to go.\
Who's behind these groups, anyway?
The Police Executive Research Forum calls out \missed opportunities\ for ratcheting down conflicts.
\u201cA person\u2019s lifestyle shouldn\u2019t matter if they can provide love and compassion.\u201d
But where will they eat lunch?
The very amendment that conservatives want to \fix\ stands as a shield against government-sanctioned discrimination.
It's pure spin.
Filing questionable charges a year later is \like picking the scab off,\ says ACLU lawyer.
Army Rangers are rapidly deployable troops trained for mountain, desert and swamp terrain and often go after special operations targets.
Walker was heckled while speaking at the Iowa State Fair.
\There's a place to find common ground between personal civil liberties and NSA doing its job.\
DES MOINES \u2014 Scott Walker memorably confronted protesters but ducked specifics on his immigration reform stance during a
The clinic is one of three in Kansas that provide abortions.
The Wisconsin governor has unveiled his own alternative to Obamacare.
We're a little less worried about terrorism and a little more upset about the economy.
Fact-checking his claim.
His super PAC is finally set to open the vault with a big TV ad buy in early-voting states.
New proposals would build on administration's plan for addressing planet-warming greenhouse gas emissions.
The charges largely stem from his efforts to conceal and pay back an illegal $1 million loan from an unidentified Virginia businessman for his mayoral campaign, federal prosecutors said.
Repeal is one thing. Replacing Obamacare with a plan that works is another.
The loss to California's agricultural industry alone is estimated at $1.84 billion.
\We need a good, modest, conservative dress code for both the males and females.\
An often-forgotten battle for free speech rights started when the activist took a stand to take his seat.
He said that he \aced\ a screening.
He's a critic of the deal who believes the Obama White House is controlled by the Muslim Brotherhood.
Following the Republican losses in the 2012 election, a party-commissioned \u201cautopsy\u201d concluded that \u201cRepublican governors
A Michigan judge held last week that a Grand Rapids man may carry a gun inside his daughter\u2019s school \u2014 provided he carries
After expressing an eagerness to weigh in more on matters of the economy and foreign policy, GOP presidential candidate Ben
More than one million school-aged children currently have parents in the military.
Many have called for Planned Parenthood to be investigated and its federal funding eliminated after the release of controversial videos.
\I think she felt she had accomplished everything and could take her rest.\
The attackers sought to gain access to personal tax information through the agency's \Get Transcript\ online application.
The Obama administration has given the company the go-ahead, despite protests from environmental groups.
Heroin overdose deaths in the United States nearly quadrupled between 2002 and 2013.
Men have hormones, too, she said.
The regulations on methane are one part of the Obama administration's strategy to curb greenhouse gases and combat climate change.
The revolving door spins again.
Only 1,700 jobs have been created in three years.
A rally this weekend called for justice in the police killing of a white teen.
A Navajo teen now has what might be the most kick-ass profile picture on Facebook.
Twenty years later, a law spurred by \welfare queen\ panic is still on the books. California State Sen. Holly Mitchell is trying to change that.
Things are getting weird when even Al Gore is thinking of getting into the Democratic presidential race, which is turning
Happy birthday, Vernon Jordan!
The presidential candidate says he is on the same page as Donald Trump.
\It's that sense of community that will never be the same.\
\u201cIt was like working with Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.\u201d
Police said Reilly \moved his belongings around in an inefficacious manner.\
\I know that I speak for all of you that we are sick and tired of reading about and seeing videos of unarmed African-Americans being shot.\
Just another day at the fair!
As he considers his legacy, President Obama is privately mapping out a postpresidential infrastructure that could cost as
He says an apology isn't necessary.
How do you leave home without your helicopter?
Another setback for government efforts to try the five men being held at Guantanamo.
\I find it somewhat curious that Jeb Bush is doubling down on defending his brother\u2019s actions in Iraq.\
The September vote on the Iran nuclear deal is billed as a titanic standoff between President Barack Obama and Congress
\Does it solve a problem by taking the life of an innocent child?\
While Rich disparages Obama's EPA carbon regulation as trivial, Gara sees it as part of an urgent program (with CAF\u00c9, Green Energy) that'll make him THE Climate President. Is #BlackLivesMatter a child of the Civil Rights '60s? Then
Lost in the short-term attention commanded by Donald Trump in the first Republican primary debate was a long-term problem for the party, created by questions that compelled the candidates to take positions at odds with a majority of Americans. While the debate questions were smart and sharp, they were also predicated on many conservative litmus tests. When the subjects of abortion, same-sex marriage, immigration and religion were aired, they elicited responses that, while pleasing to a core constituency, will be a tough sell in the general election. Adherents can get their news in a manner that validates their beliefs, notwithstanding that the objective of those outlets is to draw clicks from adherents based on controversy that would not exist in a world of compromise.
The two once had a tense relationship.
\These perverse ideologues, warped theocrats, they may be able to inspire a single lone wolf to commit a savage act, but they can never, never threaten who we are.\
After a poll this week showed the previously unthinkable \u2014 the 73-year-old Independent senator from Vermont surging past
When Jeb Bush stepped up onto the fabled soapbox at the Iowa State Fair on Friday, fairgoers pelted him with questions about
The state could be breaking federal law.
She repeated that she never sent or received materials marked classified.
\Don\u2019t blame God for my failures.\
ST. LOUIS -- One year ago, the world watched as militarized police aimed their weapons at civilians protesting the killing
The National Security Agency\u2019s ability to spy on vast quantities of Internet traffic passing through the United States has
With his blessing, confidants to Vice President Joe Biden have begun strategizing about travel to early primary states and
Obama had hoped to persuade Flake to be the only Republican to back the agreement.
They could be relocated to U.S. soil

They are fed up with American leadership in every sector of our current culture, be they corporate, union, pharmaceutical, legal or political leaders. In their emotionally crowded lives American voters despair of being aided, let alone led by them.
The annual Festival of Politics began tonight in the Scottish Parliament in Edinburgh. And it is only fitting that the city that produced both David Hume and Adam Smith should host it.
Sen. Sherrod Brown has a new tactic in the fight to access secretive trade deal documents.
Black Lives Matter is roiling the progressive coalition.
It's the second major labor union to throw its support behind Clinton early in the campaign.
WASHINGTON \u2014 Vice President Joseph R. Biden is vacationing on Kiawah Island off South Carolina\u2019s coast, riding bikes and
Arkansas becomes the fourth state to defy the Obama administration by cutting funding for Planned Parenthood
Former Vice President Al Gore is not exploring another run for president, said a Gore spokeswoman and two sources close to
The Republican Party likes to boast, as it should, that its field of presidential candidates looks, sounds, and appears presidential
A heavily gerrymandered and conservative-leaning district elected a Democrat who campaigned against a \religious freedom restoration\ bill.
\I choose to be a Democrat, not just in presidential years, but in every year of my life.\u201d
An immigration advocate said the sheriff was on \the wrong side\ of law and history.
The plan would boost federal funding to $250 million -- but it's not clear whether it would actually work.
This is not how you win millennials.
Pundits weigh in on a New Hampshire survey showing Sanders ahead. Primary polls are valuable but not very reliable. And a majority of Americans agree on stricter gun access laws. This is HuffPollster for Friday, August 14, 2015.
He says he'd barely know how to drive in Washington.
Some federal grants will even require rehab centers to offer it.
He maintained that his brother's efforts were a good idea at the time, though.
The state of emergency went into effect in response to demonstrations marking the one-year anniversary of the shooting death of Mike Brown.
Increase comes despite lower loan delinquencies overall. Poor servicing likely a culprit, former regulator says.
But  businesses and the state legislature could deter the proposal.
Think he has good taste?
Given the behavior of some of its current presidential candidates, you\u2019d be forgiven for assuming that the Republican Party
What happened to the money after the New Jersey governor killed a new commuter rail tunnel five years ago?
Supporters of Al Gore have begun a round of conversations among themselves and with the former vice president about his running
WASHINGTON, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Fifteen state attorneys general petitioned a federal court in Washington on Thursday to block
But the people paying the most attention have already made up their minds about her.
They'll get to vote on a constitutional amendment in November.
The senator said she swore a lot to fit in with the men she worked with.
Without the grants, some tests cost nearly $100.
The open secret is that in most jurisdictions, bail is the grease that keeps the gears of the overburdened system turning
WASHINGTON -- Pundits on cable television can't explain exactly why Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and real estate mogul Donald
Kids are refusing to take standardized tests all over the state.
Andre Anderson, who is currently heading Ferguson's police department, was served with an order of protection after he allegedly
She says gay marriage violates her Christian beliefs.
Obamacare isn't just for people who are uninsured today. It's also for people who lose their insurance tomorrow.
#TBT
Environmentalists say drilling for oil in the Arctic while pledging to save it is \deeply hypocritical.\
And those that have cameras don't always turn them on.
\There's a critical opportunity before presidential candidates right now.\
94 percent of Hawaii schools don't have AC and teachers say kids are showing signs of heat exhaustion.
The program has cost $624 so far and is being paid for through a federal block grant, a DHHS spokesman said.
\It\u2019s kind of insane we run our largest insurance company this way,\ said a former housing official.
He has since slammed Planned Parenthood over its link to the same research.
Maryland and Virginia's legislatures are just standing in their way of a fix.
It's more than all right to be a lefty.
CONCORD, N.H., Aug 11 (Reuters) - A federal judge on Tuesday struck down a New Hampshire law barring voters from sharing
\People are really aggravated at the government right now.\
Over the past several months, the confiscation of several large shipments of ivory has once again shed light on the troubling
The White House still needs five senators to promise to protect the nuclear agreement.
WASHINGTON (AP) -- Try as she might to focus on the policies she wants to enact if elected president, Hillary Rodham Clinton
A good question in this colorful campaign cycle is whether a well-heeled super PAC will enable any of the 17 Republican presidential
A stunning new poll has Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) beating presumptive Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton
Three dozen retired generals and admirals released an open letter Tuesday supporting the Iran nuclear deal and urging Congress
\Their efforts made our country a better place. It is now up to us to continue those efforts.\
\I don't know what I believe the answer is, but I will tell you if I win I will think the system works pretty well.\
Police ticket and arrest African-American students at much higher rates than whites, a new report shows.
Federal law requires state Medicaid programs to cover family-planning services and supplies for anyone of child-bearing age.
The 19-year-old's parents say an officer unlawfully killed their son.
The possible GOP nominee has raised six- and seven-figure sums from groups with lobbyists waiting for him in D.C.
The Maryland Democrat may be one of the most important remaining fence-sitters.
\She can afford support when she needs it, but her low-wage worker can't.\
A new poll finds Sanders closing the gap in New Hampshire.
And yes, he knows the former governor wears \u201cdad jeans.\u201d
It was discovered during recent liver surgery.
The state has one of the highest STD rates in the country, the CDC says.
More people are insured, and more people can afford their health care.
Polling has some problems, especially in primaries.
KEENE, N.H. \u2014 Hillary Clinton met with five Black Lives Matter activists behind closed doors following her campaign event
\Mr. Trump did interviews over the week that attacked me personally. I've decided not to respond.\
Oops.
The day seemed to be ending like any other, with people traveling their familiar routes home and the sun descending behind
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) \u2014 A federal appeals court on Tuesday declined to review the case of former Virginia Gov.\u00a0Bob\u00a0McDonnell
He'll join George Clooney and Kendrick Lamar.
The leak released lead, arsenic, cadmium and other dangerous contaminants into waterways.
Think he has a shot?
Jeb Bush will be making a speech on foreign policy today, and if the excerpts\u00a0that his campaign released to reporters beforehand
Among the winners
If protesters fight the charges and lose, they face up to 30 days in jail and a fine.
Walker's latest budget proposal included a $300 million cut to Wisconsin's university system.
A closer look at get-tough DAs.
Is that permanent?
\Every death of an unarmed teen, regardless of color, strips a piece of our dignity and humanity as a society.\
He's somehow become both a vocal critic and the personification of the problems of money in politics.
Nobody else even comes close.
The Huffington Post condemns the charges filed by St. Louis County against our Justice reporter, Ryan J. Reilly, while covering
The Harvard legal scholar promised to quit if he passes his reform agenda.
The word \alien\ will no longer be used to refer to undocumented immigrants in California's labor code.
2016 First to Last is facing an unpleasant fact
The good senator from New York may be voting his conscience but he's got the facts all wrong.
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 Hillary Rodham Clinton told a cheering crowd at her largest rally so far that \the endless flow of secret
China's cyber spies have accessed the private emails of \many\ top Obama administration officials, according to a senior
New Hampshire\u2019s drug problem is so dire, candidates stumping in the state have been forced to address the issue, whether
One of the bill's sponsors accused Christie, a 2016 GOP presidential candidate, of political pandering.
And you thought Donald Trump was out to get women.
But new details still don't explain why the officer chose to shoot.
\It's ludicrous that we can't have something similar to the bars, restaurants and private clubs we have for alcohol.\
Where they said \aloha\ to lobbyists, lawyers and executives.
State Rep. Todd Courser (R) planned to hide his affair with fellow Rep. Cindy Gamrat (R) by implicating himself in a fake sex scandal to detract attention from the affair.
The company boasted that \data deletion is permanent.\
National Nurses United gets behind Clinton's top challenger. \He's about building a social movement for humanistic change,\ the union's director says.
So do most Republican lawmakers.
Obamacare is really good at getting health insurance to people -- if their states' leaders let it.
Her plan calls for working college students to be able to pay tuition without loans.
\I strongly condemn the violence against the community.\
This time around, police responded much differently.
Sanders addressed the issue in front of more than 20,000 supporters in Portland, drawing his largest crowd yet.
Nearly all are Iraq or Afghanistan War vets.
Gilbert is a Democrat running in a Republican stronghold in Michigan.
Blog posts that were deleted from Johnson's official website may have broken ethics rules regarding Senate Internet use.
Activists want the central bank to wait for more wage growth. And Robert Reich is helping them explain why.
States, energy companies and business groups are preparing to sue the Obama administration over its new climate rule, viewing
\If we focus on unity we\u2019re going to get more of that.\
She walks a fine line between appeasing environmentalists and the coal industry.
\All the substantive arguments are being muted by his persona.\
The GOP presidential hopeful says the question should be left to employers.
Rubio supported exceptions in 2013, but now, he says he doesn't.
From a guacamole bowl to a signed copy of the U.S. Constitution.
Twenty-nine of the nation\u2019s top scientists \u2014 including Nobel laureates, veteran makers of nuclear arms and former White House
\We all end up working for people who are more successful than us,\ the presidential hopeful said.
For the first time since 9/11, local leaders from both sides of the border ran side by side.
Adorable.
The Democratic presidential candidate puts a new face to his campaign.
\Bernie, welcome to Seattle.\
Republican leaders who have watched Donald Trump\u2019s summer surge with alarm now believe that his presidential candidacy has
How #Ferguson became #HandsUpDontShoot.
Trump isn't just a menace to the GOP, he's a menace to our entire political culture.  As the saying goes, \Every time he opens his mouth he subtracts from the sum total of human knowledge.\
The charges include  criminal obstruction relating to a leak about a rival.
Iowa is the latest state to rename a fundraiser criticized as honoring slaveholders.
Pretty, pretty good.
Recent bilateral discussions involving Americans, Russians, Saudis, and others that there may be a renewed push for negotiations to end the conflict in Syria. It should have been clear from the beginning that a negotiated solution is the only way to end this long war.
Today's topics include Chez on Stephanie Miller's Happy Hour; farewell to Jon Stewart and the end of late night satire; the first GOP debate; the fake story about drinking games; Fox News focus group goes nuts about Trump and much more.
Naturally, Donald Trump's presence dominated the debate and he almost doubled the airtime of the other candidates.  But I wonder if Trump's Teflon image will survive the rude exchange with Megyn Kelly.
Republican candidates convened last night for the first debates of the 2016 campaign. The presidential hopefuls disagreed on all but one topic
Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry (R) accidentally threw some compliments toward his rivals Donald Trump and Carly Fiorina during
The businesswoman took it to the frontrunner in the first GOP debate.
There's a lot to go over.
There is growing pressure on lawmakers to strip Planned Parenthood of all federal funding after a series of controversial
The ultimate selfie.
Lansing \u2014 State Rep. Todd Courser planned the distribution of a fictional email alleging he had sex with a male prostitute
The \friends\ really got into it.
In 2013, Rubio co-sponsored an abortion ban with exceptions for rape, incest and saving the life of the mother.
Their debate marks a rift within the Republican field on the popular social insurance program.
Virginia nixes the symbol from its specialty license plates.
Fourteen female senators seek to designate the landmark Sewall-Belmont House.
She's leading the pack by at least one standard.
The network's moderators dictated the tone and themes of the debate.
The Republican Party was briefly more popular than porn.
Donald Trump's claim about never going bankrupt got quite a bit of traction.
The Voting Rights Act Turned 50 years old this week but polling shows minority voter participation has a way to go. Views on race relations
Across the U.S., there are more than 5,000 state parks and recreation areas.
State rep allegedly wanted to distract from affair with fake story about gay sex.
It was a battle from the start.
Early debate on Thursday included very little GOP infighting.
Just four years ago, GOP debate audiences were cheering for something very different.
A small group of conservatives believe the president or Congress can challenge the Supreme Court\u2019s interpretation of the Constitution.
Fox News won the debate.
Brown said recent wildfires should be a \wake-up call\ for the entire state.
Liberals are livid at Sen. Charles Schumer\u2019s (D-N.Y.) decision to oppose the White House\u2019s nuclear deal with Iran, and have
He made it a #DebateWithBernie.
She said she's five months along.
He said it while attacking Hillary Clinton.
On the third day of Operation Jade Helm 15 \u2014 the Special Forces training drill this summer that scared the hell out of
Eight years ago, candidates took to the stage 26 times.
\I don\u2019t see how anybody could believe that there was integrity in this process.\
The 2016 contender loves James K. Polk -- and we're really confused by it.
\There's no education in the second kick of a mule.\
The \Dead Man Walking\ actress is fighting to spare the life of death row inmate Richard Glossip.
Others favored for the spot on the bill include Harriet Tubman and Sacagawea.
It took Fox News less than a half an hour to propose, in the form of a question, that the next president ramp up surveillance
\u201cState lawmakers just sent a message to Congress that could not be any clearer.\
If you commit murder, do you have the right to vote?
Cleveland is the perfect place to talk about America's problems.
Activists plan to commemorate the teen's life and death.
Prosecuting people for sleeping in public \violates their constitutional rights.\
\It's the one form of bigotry that is still allowed in America, and that's bigotry against the successful.\
He said he's monitoring the situation.
Just because they're not planning to vote for a candidate doesn't mean they don't want to watch them onstage.
Opponents have been pushing for a vote for more than a year.
Texas, where Republican leaders have tried to push back against gay marriage, had balked at recognizing John Stone-Hoskins as the surviving spouse on the death certificate of James Stone-Hoskins, according to court documents.
\The consequences of smokeless tobacco are real, and we must do all that we can to set an example.\
We'll see about that.
At least 3,500 Americans have been detained inside a Chicago police warehouse described by some of its arrestees as a secretive
\What are you going to do about it?\
Three staffers for former Rep. Ron Paul allegedly helped pay off a state senator in exchange for his endorsement.
Eight years after the nation's major education law expired, we might finally be getting a new one.
The department's internal audit into service members' student loans contradicts previous findings that they were mishandled.
Even presidents have to fulfill their civic duty.
The law is one of the nation's strictest.
\The time has come for Congress to change the way it funds the Forest Service.\
Historians may look to 2015 as the year when shit really started hitting the fan.
The Illinois Democrat says the current moment is of the same historical importance as the Iraq War authorization vote.
Sky High Holistic \did not seek nor obtain the consent of any officer to record their communications,\ lawyer says.
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) announced a compromise on the controversial bill.
He still trails Clinton nationally but is in a statistical tie in New Hampshire.
The stunt by Florida mailman Douglas Hughes showed the need for improved information-sharing and air security technology, the report from the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee said.
\Everyone knows what payday lenders do ... but very few people know who the payday lenders actually are.\
Yet he suggested it went to women's health organizations.
Obama's budget director plants a flag against bank-friendly funding plan.
A settlement restoring voting rights to ex-offenders comes just two days before the anniversary of the Voting Rights Act.
It's alarming how many instances you can find with a quick online search.
\u201cI\u2019m a Catholic, but I\u2019ve used birth control and not just the rhythm method.\u201d
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 In the aftermath of the Senate's derailing of Republican legislation halting federal dollars for Planned
She accused Republicans of pushing a fruitless partisan agenda at the expense of working Americans.
A fight over funding to the women's health group is splitting the party.
Yeah, he went there.
The former Arkansas governor opens up on topics ranging from Bob Dylan to the source of his unwavering faith in God.
Republicans say they're ready to talk in September -- just before government funding runs out.
He once called the law the worst thing \since slavery.\
...even though he's more or less vowed to restart it.
Let's get ready to rumble, etc.
Legislators could have passed a climate change law to supplant Obama's regulations, but they didn't.
The new regulations depend on the next president to enforce them.
Ron Wyden explains why he's troubled by the Senate's rush to pass a cybersecurity bill.
Ouch.
Legal principles can be complicated, but in most courts, until eight months ago, there was a pretty simple one
Bush's proposals are heavy on enforcement, light on detail about undocumented immigrants.
The agency is cracking down on technology that automatically dials phone numbers.
\u201cNow the public polls are affecting the process they\u2019re supposed to be measuring.\u201d
WASHINGTON, Aug 3 (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidates will test their messages in New Hampshire on Monday, with
MAYAG\u00dcEZ, P.R. \u2014 The first visible sign that the health care system in Puerto Rico was seriously in trouble was when a
Or at least, how not to lose it.
Chuck Schumer is getting an earful from opponents of the Iran nuclear deal.
Public employment, long seen as a secure job with good benefits, took a series of hits during the recession, with state and
Mining companies and allies plan to take legal action against regulations limiting planet-warming emissions.
Critics say it needs more privacy protections for ordinary Americans.
You probably shouldn't try this at home.
This weekend, Charles and David Koch\u2019s Freedom Partners hosted five Republican presidential hopefuls and hundreds of top
Activists flip over a harmless \Walker 4 president\ sign to reveal an imitation $900 million check.
\They are the single most destructive force in public education in America.\
The Carter Center said his \prognosis is excellent for a full recovery.\
But they still lag behind despite 50 years of progress.
New limits would cut power plant emissions 32 percent by 2030.
\My mom\u2019s life and what she went through are big reasons why standing up for kids and families became such a big part of my life.\
AUSTIN, Texas, Aug 3 (Reuters) - Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton, a Tea Party Republican, turned himself in on Monday and
It's not as nice as it sounds.
A political adviser says the vice president is \90 percent in.\
\I don\u2019t know. I presume he is.\
Republican leaders aren't jumping on board with this conservative demand.
The cuts will be Obama's toughest action yet to combat climate change.
Billionaire Charles Koch told a gathering of conservative donors Saturday that politicians must end taxpayer-funded subsidies
\It will make the cost of electricity higher for millions of Americans.\
Final rule on power plants includes tougher emissions cuts and more renewables.
Long before the killing of Cecil the lion in Zimbabwe by a Minneapolis dentist triggered an international outcry over the
\Of course all lives matter.\
Kerry also said the U.S. and Egypt are returning to a \stronger base\ in bilateral ties.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi feels good about sustaining a presidential veto.
This week we saw a demonstration of the deep connection between imagery and outrage. On Tuesday, the hunter that killed the beloved and often photographed lion, Cecil, in Zimbabwe was identified as Minnesota dentist Dr. Walter Palmer. As the outrage went viral, the hunter became the hunted. His clinic's website was shut down, and a White House petition demanding extradition got 190,000 signatures. But the level of viral indignation also prompted some to question why the outpouring of outrage for Cecil surpassed that prompted by the killing of Sandra Bland. At the same time, we watched as Ohio prosecutor Joe Deters -- fueled by very disturbing bodycam footage of the police shooting of Samuel DuBose -- announced murder charges in the case, calling the incident \outrageous,\ \horrendous\ and an \absolute tragedy.\ It was further proof of the power of images -- and that outrage doesn't have to be an either/or proposition.
How high must an American president get to escape the sweltering heat of the Washington summer? About 1,700 feet. That's how high Camp David, the official presidential retreat, sits in the relatively cool Catoctin Mountains, 62 miles from the White House.
It seems likely that the nominees in 2016 will be Jeb Bush and Hillary Clinton. After all, the ruling class still controls America. But the revolt against the ruling class won't end with the 2016 election, regardless. Which means the ruling class will have to change the way it rules America. Or it won't rule too much longer.
The EU was created to expand democracy, boost economic growth, and contain Germany within a democratic whole. Instead, it is destroying democracy, crushing growth, and leaving Germany's most churlish impulses to rule Europe. Before it is over, one of history's noblest experiments in enlightened statecraft could end in ruins.
An activist had called on her to do more after two women were killed during a showing of the comedian's latest movie.
WASHINGTON \u2014 A PATTERN of cutting corners, a patina of entitlement and inevitability, has led to this. Destroying digital
\Our workplaces are still not designed for people to get the hours they prefer.\
WASHINGTON -- Maybe congressional Democrats should just send their GOP colleagues a thank-you note. After a month during
He does not have to leave office while facing trial.
The majority of money raised for the 2016 presidential race came from those giving $100,000 or more.
Why a Joe Biden presidential run might actually make sense, according to sources close to him.
The Maryland Democrat calls for swift action in the face of the island\u2019s potential default.
That way, everyone can focus on fighting ISIS.
California Gov. Jerry Brown (D) has declared a state of emergency\u00a0as wildfires blaze in 15 counties across the Golden State
The Times could have insisted on seeing the documents they were describing.  Or, if the Times spoke with Republicans in Congress, even off the record, they could have checked their facts with me or other Committee Democrats. Unfortunately, this rush to print anonymous, unverified claims against Secretary Clinton is not unique.
\I guarantee you this is not how China, Germany, other big powerful countries around the world handle their infrastructure.\
WASHINGTON, July 31 (Reuters) - U.S. Capitol Police said they were investigating a vehicle that struck a barricade at the
Once known for grim letters to fellow wealthy Americans warning of socialist apocalypse, Charles G. Koch now promotes research
The presidential candidate decries \returning to Cold War deadlock.\
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on Thursday attempted to distance herself from the\u00a0controversial 12-nation
One pro-Cruz super PAC donated to another Republican presidential candidate.
The Clintons paid nearly $44 million in taxes from 2007 to 2014.
But advocates don't dispute Sanders' commitment to comprehensive reform.
\Mrs. Clinton is a healthy 67-year-old female whose current medical conditions include hypothyroidism and seasonal pollen allergies.\
WASHINGTON, July 31 (Reuters) - The number of U.S. troops deployed in battle zones is at its lowest level since before the
The group supporting the 2016 candidate has already raised $11 million.
The Justice Department may be in violation of the law, congressmen say.
Seventeen candidates. Two debates. One Donald Trump. What's it going to take to survive and move on?
The annual BCS snafu has nothing on the Fox News debate plan.
But nearly three-quarters of black parents say they've warned their kids to be careful when dealing with police.
\I will not pretend there is nothing we can do to stop this.\
Conservatives keep calling Obamacare a 'government takeover,' no matter what the numbers say.
Bush got 24 donors who gave more than $1 million apiece and some help from the family.
The proposal is the most detailed offering by any candidate so far.
The group is the same one that previously shot viral covert video of a Planned Parenthood leader discussing the sale of aborted fetuses for research.
Anybody for flexible schedules when a worker's kid is sick?
\Could things be better? Sure.\
He seemed in good spirits.
Congress will work on a multiyear fix when legislators return in September.
The House is expected to work on its own multiyear bill in September.
The tax hasn't changed since 1993, though its value -- and cars' fuel efficiency -- has.
\Put that in your pipe and smoke it.\
Conservatives are still trying to undermine the program's core guarantee.
Where else can you see Rand Paul with a chainsaw?
After its recess, Congress only has about a dozen days to figure out government funding.
Will he make the cut?
But he still doesn't want the government to push renewable energy.
The former GOP presidential nominee says Cruz is \way over the line.\
The bikes that he loves are actually made with union labor.
His recent remarks have disappointed reform advocates.
\I sat down the morning the deal came out and I started highlighting numbers.\u201d
And praises an oft-forgotten advocate for women.
Her hesitance on $15 may displease progressives -- but it will relieve businesses that are getting bowled over by minimum wage campaigns.
Model legislation would bar cities from instating bag bans.
But will politics eventually trump cost and data?
\u201cIt\u2019s hard not to have a big year at the Supreme Court,\u201d she said.
\We'll manage our way through this. This is part of the legislative process.\
They both know what it's like to be first.
Because why not?
Republicans' dissatisfaction with recent rulings may have driven the decline in favorability.
Sources say the final plan will delay state compliance by two years but provide new incentives.
Seekers of the Democratic nomination -- and, uh, Mike Huckabee -- are trying to win over the AFL-CIO this week.
WASHINGTON, July 29 (Reuters) - The U.S. Capitol Police said on Wednesday that they arrested a Tennessee man who was driving
The FBI on Friday announced the arrests in Oakland of two animal rights activists, Joseph Buddenberg and Nicole Kissane, and
The Republican leader doesn't seem worried about dissent in the ranks.
On the morning of his wedding, in 1956, Henry Frye realized that he had a few hours to spare before the afternoon ceremony
Mother Nature has a great sense of humor.
But the congressional investigation should not single out one provider, she said.
The candidates, both proponents of campaign finance reform, call each other cynical.
The ban was first implemented during the Arab oil embargo of 1973.
The Senate could vote as early as Monday on a procedural motion to advance the bill.
His comments come after the GOP-led Senate fast-tracked a bill to defund the organization.
A summer filled with campaign gimmicks, internal fissures and outlandish rhetoric isn't what the GOP envisioned.
WASHINGTON, July 29 (Reuters) - Opponents of President Barack Obama's soon-to-be-implemented policy to cut carbon emissions
\We laughed until we cried,\ she writes.
The Senate is expected to pass the extension before the July 31 deadline.
New data on colleges could help reduce tuition, student debt.
He \seems to already know everything about foreign policy.\
The proposed law would stop game trophies from coming through three major airports.
He's giving volcanoes far too much credit.
The woman's attorney says the state is trying to turn her into \a vessel.\
The company behind Advanced Placement courses for U.S. high school students will release a revision to the standards for
Tensing asks DuBose to unbuckle his seat belt. About that time Tensing pulls on the door handle, and DuBose puts his hand
The bill takes aim at the practice of \soring\ horses to give them a prancing gait.
\They replaced a symbol of segregation with a symbol of slavery and secession.\
Since 2009, 4 million people have been denied help.
Advocates hope they can stem future colony losses by addressing pesticide use and protecting habitats.
Both supporters and opponents of the prison suspect it'll outlive Obama's presidency.
He really wanted to get his point across.
Jon Stewart slipped unnoticed into the White House in the midst of the October 2011 budget fight, summoned to an Oval Office
BOCA RATON, Fla. \u2014 On the campaign trail, Jeb Bush has repeatedly emphasized his record overseeing Florida\u2019s boom economy
The former Arkansas governor isn't backing down.
WASHINGTON \u2014 For several years, a handful of lawmakers in Congress have tried to scale back tough sentencing laws that have
He was once a serious contender for the White House. Now, his campaign is fighting over what went wrong.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Republicans are planning a vote in coming days on legislation to cut $500 million in annual
Most unpaid interns aren't covered by discrimination laws because they aren't considered employees.
The House speaker says the presidential candidate should \come clean.\
The plan, however, faces a few obstacles.
After weeks of talking past each other, the House and Senate are expected to agree on a short-term plan.
Expenditures aren't going up as much as they did during the 1990s and 2000s.
The presidential candidate says they both speak softly and carry a big stick.
Congress is rushing to prevent a lapse in funding for the nation's transportation infrastructure.
Study suggests the law has improved access to care.
More than half of respondents said they are inclined to believe Planned Parenthood\u2019s side of the story.
Super PACs and candidates can't coordinate, except when they obviously do.
159 countries have already ratified the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities -- but not the U.S.
In response to a petition, the administration repeated the Justice Department's conclusion that there were no grounds for an indictment.
\The First Lady says I'm still sexy.\
Senators overruled heated conservative opposition Monday and added a measure reviving the federal Export-Import Bank to must
Duncan said low graduation rates were a bigger problem than student debt.
And most would be happy to vote for Hillary Clinton.
The Obama administration wants Snowden to come back and face \the consequences of his actions.\
Probably forgot that there aren't that many \former CBO directors,\ though.
And there are more to come.
\I just don't think it exists.\
He has tweeted the comparison multiple times.
By tradition, only grumpy, unglamorous curmudgeons consider running as independent candidates for president -- men such as
NEW SHOREHAM, Rhode Island, July 27 (Reuters) - Rhode Island's Deepwater Wind will start installing the foundations for North
WASHINGTON, July 27 (Reuters) - The head of the Republican Party said on Monday party candidates running for the White House
\Ridiculous if it weren't sad.\
The Delaware politician says he would support Joe Biden.
Even if most of his colleagues refuse to.
Climate change deniers are \just not paying attention,\ she says.
This story\u00a0was originally published by Mother Jones\u00a0and is reproduced here as part of the Climate Desk\u00a0collaboration. Hillary
\We are not taking up the Senate bill.\
\That's the first time this has happened.\
Apple, Coca-Cola and Google among the companies that signed the Obama administration's climate pledge.
\Who's going to contribute to Newt 2012?\
Oklahoma's Supreme Court on Monday said the state must remove a Ten Commandments stone monument first placed at its Capitol in 2012, rejecting an appeal to reconsider an earlier decision.
Owners say the wage hike makes sense, given the city's sky-high cost of living.
Forget substance, it's all about putting on a show.
He's weeping again. The sun rises in the east. All is well in the world.
HuffPost analyzed over 100 pages of complaints against Dallas officers.
ANCHORAGE, July 27 (Reuters) - When it comes to influencing politics, few billionaires are more effective than the industrialist
Clinton said she was personally offended by Huckabee's Holocaust comparison.
President Barack Obama\u2019s plan to close the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, would bring as many as 64 of the
Rarely does a newspaper story get the kind of response that The New York Times front-page expos\u00e9 of wage-theft at nail salons
\I think the time is now to discuss whether taxpayer dollars should be going to such a gruesome procedure.\
Cecile Richards called the effort an attempt to \entrap\ Planned Parenthood doctors.
WASHINGTON -- Senate Republican leaders spent a rare Sunday session scolding Ted Cruz. The leaders wagged their fingers at
The GOP official used a racial slur to describe an African American woman on Facebook.
\These concepts of gun-free zones are a bad idea.\
Unlike some of his Republican rivals, the Ohio governor suggested that he wouldn't immediately rip up Obama\u2019s agreement with Iran if elected president.
\u201cWe don\u2019t have to argue with each other and yell at each other. We need a common sense solution.\u201d
The U.S. attorney general calls for a re-evaluation of police tactics.
\This president\u2019s foreign policy is the most feckless in American history.\
The extremist group, which considers mass shootings an act of God, plans to picket Lafayette shooting victims' funerals.
The claim comes following an investigator's charge that Clinton did send classified info using a private email account while at the State Department.
He told Kenyans, \You can choose the path to progress, but it requires making some important choices.\
\I suspect that some of my critics back home are suggesting that I'm back here to look for my birth certificate. That is not the case.\
The former Maryland governor serenaded supporters with a guitar performance.
Get jiggy with it, Obama.
I've lived all over the place, and traveled past that. And while I deeply love the countries that raised me (namely, Fiji and Japan), I don't think I will ever live outside the United States again for any great length of time. The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) is why.
Not counting initiatives for industrial hemp or non-plant medical marijuana or low-THC cannabidiol oil, there are at least 20 efforts going on in 8 states nationwide to legalize medical and recreational access to cannabis in 2016.
This week brought multiple challenges to move from outrage to action. On Tuesday, the dash cam video of the violent arrest of Sandra Bland was released; authorities later said autopsy results suggested she had committed suicide while in jail. But many questions remain, including why, already this year, an estimated 651 people have been killed by police -- 172 of them African American, 142 unarmed. Less questionable is that our justice system is broken, and in ways that inescapably involve race. On Thursday there was yet another mass shooting, this time in Lafayette, Louisiana. The gunman, despite having a long criminal record, had legally obtained his weapon. Just hours before the shooting, President Obama had said the \great frustration\ of his presidency was not being able to pass \common-sense gun safety laws.\ As we move into the election season, it's time to put both of these critical issues on the front burner. Neither will change until we demand it.
Democracy is not just a one-way street. It must try to serve those it governs the best way it can. \The Fool\ knows this but unless the civic-minded are recognized as \The Wise,\ we are in danger of becoming a society run almost exclusively for the rich.
In a country that respected its own claims to be free, Sandra Bland would never have gone near the jail cell where she died.  It is heartbreaking that it has taken another black death to concentrate our attention on the abuse of power that took her there
Hillary Rodham Clinton will testify on Oct. 22 before the House select committee investigating her role in connection with
Jonathan Pollard, the U.S. intelligence analyst who spied for Israel and was sentenced to life in prison, could be released
Centrist Democrats were wiped out in the 2014 elections and in their absence emerged a resurgent liberal movement, embodied
Family and friends of Sandra Bland, the Illinois woman who was found dead in a Texas jail cell, gathered Saturday to celebrate
Clinton has indicated that she would like to appear before the committee in public.
The new investigation adds to scrutiny of both Planned Parenthood and the group behind the video.
\u201cIt\u2019s a long shot, but the Breyer dissent was inviting people to challenge the death penalty. They just accepted the invitation.\u201d
\u201cI don\u2019t know where you\u2019re getting your information from, but your information is wrong.\u201d
Newly released pictures of the White House staff shows what went on behind closed doors on the day that changed history.
\The idea that they are gonna be treated differently or abused because of who they love is wrong, full stop.\
Poachers killed 100,000 elephants between 2010 and 2012, and Obama's rule seeks to crackdown on the illegal trade of ivory.
\This is a solid, solid, very strong agreement that makes Israel safer, makes us safer, makes the region safer.\
\I just want to see him out, I can't bear it anymore, that he sat and lost all of his life in jail, it's a crime, it's such a crime.\
The new level of support is a significant increase in the assistance for Ukraine to bolster security against possible Russian aggression.
While CVE is new, the idea of adopting programs and practices that may sound good but have no empirical justification, is tragically par for the course--especially when it comes to dealing Arabs and Muslims as threats to national security.
Exactly one week ago, the GOP field for the 2016 presidential nomination expanded to 18 -- maybe. In fact, we don't know much about this possible 18th GOP contender beyond his name, a few unconfirmed biographical details, and the several policy positions he outlined in a lengthy but surprisingly focused YouTube video.

\We have to have a serious conversation.\
Fiorina wants to face off against Hillary Clinton in a debate so Clinton \won't be able to talk about being a mom or a grandma.\
But tech-mediated talk can still be valuable.
The U.S. Justice Department is weighing a request by two government inspectors general to open a criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email account for her work as secretary of state.
\We keep winning elections, and we keep getting leaders who don't do anything they promise.\
She suggested sometimes people \will come forward and join the bandwagon.\
Their report had been corrected on Friday.
Two inspectors general have asked the Justice Department to open a criminal investigation into whether Hillary Rodham Clinton
Scott Walker couldn\u2019t have asked for more.
But that really, really shouldn't matter.
The powerful photos are more relevant than ever.
The former Texas governor now faces one criminal charge instead of two.
Yet again, someone comes unprepared for a fight against the Massachusetts senator.
\She taught me how to be a good person.\
Good afternoon, sir. Go ahead and roll your window all the way down for me. My name is Officer Daniel McEwen from the Greene
But most still say they're making summer plans with an eye toward saving money.
Transportation projects will grind to a halt if Congress doesn't act.
WASHINGTON --\u00a0The government has launched a price-gouging investigation into five airlines that allegedly increased airfare
Wages and inequality get lip service and not much else.
\He is a brilliant strategist [with] expertise on many issues.\
If you needed anything else to convince you of the need for stronger gun control laws, here's a powerful reminder of the
Although, to be fair, his \unfavorable\ ratings have MORE than doubled.
WASHINGTON -- John Russell Houser, the man accused of killing two people and injuring nine at a movie theater in Lafayette
The homeless youths say Rep. Tom Brower wouldn't stop filming them.
But his solution is more big money in politics.
Early in the evening on July 26, 2012, Michael Haynes was cruising around Morgan Park on Chicago's Far South Side when he
House committees will keep reviewing undercover videos for now
The Justice Department\u2019s internal watchdog said Thursday that his independence has been undermined by the department\u2019s refusal
\A terrible precedent.\
A U.S. appeals court on Wednesday permanently blocked a North Dakota law that banned most abortions once a fetal heartbeat
What happens when you try to rerun the last election? Answer
\u201cWe need to figure out a way in terms of how we treat African-Americans so that young people can walk down the street without having to worry about whether they are going to be harassed or shot in the back.\
Republicans used a veterans' fertility bill to attack the reproductive health organization.
\It\u2019s really an attack against a woman\u2019s right to choose.\
\It was a flippant comment that should not have come out of my mouth.\
The Equality Act would expand the Civil Rights Act of 1964 to give equal protections to LGBT Americans.
Sen. Bernie Sanders claims that in the United States, \u201calmost all of the wealth rests in the hands of the few.\u201d He exaggerates
Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) has long been the most vocal opponent of campaign finance regulation in Congress.
\I think there's a chance here,\ Rand Paul says.
The presidential candidate favors letting the market decide.
A provision in a new bill would let younger truckers drive interstate.
\It is not something that I intend to stop working on in the remaining 18 months.\
While prison reform gains momentum, the immigration debate remains \tough on crime.\
The 42nd Annual Meeting of the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC) got underway in earnest Wednesday at San Diego\u2019s Manchester Grand Hyatt resort hotel.
WASHINGTON -- After some initial stalling, the Senate on Wednesday kicked off debate on a multiyear highway bill that would
\I mean, we're so uptight and so politically correct now you apologize for saying lives matter?\
The bill was one of many aimed at ending so-called sanctuary cities.
Removing the measure helped jump-start debate on the bill.
The trustees who oversee Social Security and Medicare said the disability trust fund will run out of money in late 2016. That would trigger an automatic 19 percent cut in benefits, unless Congress acts.
\Don\u2019t take something that should be above politics -- our sacred duty to our veterans -- and pull it down into the muck of petty politics.\
Alfred Dewayne Brown spent 12 years imprisoned for a crime he didn't commit.
He also praises Paul Ryan's voucher approach.
\I don't know where he's coming from, I don't know where he's going.\
People with a recent history of attempting suicide should be watched.
WASHINGTON, July 22 (Reuters) - A Florida man who flew a gyrocopter onto the U.S. Capitol grounds has rejected two plea deals
The Department of the Interior conditionally granted Shell permits for oil exploration in the Chukchi Sea off Alaska.
President Obama is enjoying a winning streak lately, with the Supreme Court reaffirming his signature health care law and
House lawmakers are appealing to the attorney generals of California and the U.S.
\We're bringing someone in who has some expertise and who will help us.\
WASHINGTON -- Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee (D-Texas) announced Wednesday that she is introducing several bills to improve the
The measure also would protect the LGBT community.
The rationale for charging copays is the same for prisoners as it is for people not behind bars.
The likelihood that a student will get suspended from school may have a lot to do with their geographic location. The U.S
The senator is \horrified\ by the Supreme Court's \abuses.\
The bank reportedly overcharged borrowers and hounded them with early-morning phone calls.
They're more split on the video than you might think.
DENVER, July 22 (Reuters) - The lead prosecutor in the Colorado movie massacre trial tore into the state's governor at a
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) \u2014 Sen. Robert Menendez launched a wide-ranging attack on the corruption charges against him Monday, accusing
\u201cSafety must be our top priority, especially in light of the horrific attack in Chattanooga.\
He's the 16th GOP candidate to officially enter the race.
A Navy sailor and four Marines were killed in the shooting last week.
Democrats block a procedural motion after McConnell and Boxer reach a deal.
He's the 16th Republican to enter the race.
Full of hot air.
He says that he didn't use his personal account for official business.
He says he doesn't \want to overreact\ to global warming.
The president goes toe to toe with the comedian one last time.
The nonprofit organizations preach abstinence and push against abortions.
Because banana growers still want geopolitical advice.
Blagojevich was convicted for trying to make money out of his power to appoint a replacement for Barack Obama, who was leaving his seat in the U.S. Senate representing Illinois after winning the presidential election in 2008.
Planned Parenthood Federation of America said in a statement \the video was heavily edited in attempt to support false and outrageous claims,\ and it denied any improper activity.
\Dick and Betty inspire me.\
The candidate links climate change to Syrian conflict. Republicans deem it \absurd.\
Ted Cruz has made a name for himself losing big political fights. Now, facing down his biggest battle yet as a candidate
Jeb Bush on Monday returned to the Florida capital to deliver a speech slamming lobbyists as a corrosive influence on public
Judge Murray Snow said he could find no legal reason to delay the proceedings until a U.S. appeals court decides on a motion by the Maricopa County sheriff and his top lieutenant, who want the judge to be removed from the case.
\u201cI personally would like to, but I haven\u2019t convinced him yet that we should,\ says top aide.
In a Facebook Q&A, the former secretary of state took a question about making benefits more flexible.
The protesters put other Democratic presidential candidates on the spot at Netroots Nation.
Sen. Bill Nelson (D-Fla.) announced Monday he is cancer-free after having prostate surgery one week ago. \u201cOur prayers have
NEW YORK, July 17 (Reuters) - The U.S. Mint will resume \u00a0sales of its popular 2015 American Eagle silver bullion coins on
Bush has been eager to distance himself from Washington or any appearance of continuing a political dynasty.
WASHINGTON, July 20 (Reuters) - Two Democratic U.S. senators on Monday vowed to escalate their push for tougher auto safety
\These aren\u2019t just women\u2019s issues, they are economic issues that affect all Americans.\
The bill has no exceptions for rape victims or severe fetal anomalies.
Interest groups worry the measure would disproportionately affect the elderly and people with disabilities.
An anti-abortion group has \thousands of hours of videotape\ of the family planning provider.
\u201cThe media tends to focus a lot on the distress in these neighborhoods, but the fact is, many people call these neighborhoods home.\u201d
GOP officials encouraged efforts to sink John Kerry's 2004 presidential bid.
WASHINGTON, July 19 (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers will examine possible shortcomings in law enforcement or intelligence in the
As a little girl, if Hillary Rodham forgot to screw the cap back on the toothpaste, her father would toss the tube out the
\John is my best friend in politics and one of my best friends in life.\
\I don't have an opinion on every single issue out there.\
KENNEBUNKPORT, Maine (AP) \u2014 Former President George H.W. Bush was released from a Maine hospital on Sunday, four days after
Thousands gathered to listen to the presidential contender speak on Saturday.
\The United States needs a foreign policy that puts steel in the face of our enemies.\
The 60-day clock to review the deal starts Monday.
\We're still adversaries. We're not allies and friends by any means.\
Corn and Cooke debate how to keep Iran from weaponizing its nuclear energy. Obama's tour de force presser argues 'jaw-jaw not war-war'. Critics say that simplifies the issue. But wasn't lifting sanctions for no-nukes the plan? Then
Barack Obama is not a modest man, but when it comes to assessing his or any president\u2019s place in the long American story
Republicans on Capitol Hill are betting the secretly filmed Planned Parenthood video \u2014 depicting an executive allegedly discussing
Decision to come in September.
Obama noted that she's \110 years young.\
39 percent of Americans in a recent survey said that they approved of the Supreme Court's decision.
Despite a memo from the Department of Justice last October, the legal status of pot on tribal lands is still unclear.
Hundreds of people taunted each other on the grounds of the South Carolina Statehouse during separate rallies staged by two groups from outside the state.
Hillary Clinton skipped the gathering.
\It's in our collective interest to ensure that whistleblowers are able to receive a full, vigorous defense of their rights.\
The key difference is that the United States has its own central bank -- the most powerful one in the world.
Trump said that he liked people who weren't captured during war.
With the conclusion of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) between the P5+1 and Iran, some are panicking in despair, while others have visions of a dramatically realigned Middle East. Both views are overreactions, since the deal itself is quite limited in scope, and the impact of 35 years of history and politics cannot easily be erased.
The Pride(?) of Wisconsin makes it official.
This week, President Obama has put a much-needed spotlight on the vicious cycle of mass incarceration. In the past three decades, the prison population in the U.S. has ballooned due to a number of factors that have created a system rife with discrimination and other abuses.
The Confederate flag is gone from the South Carolina statehouse. But public opinion on the meaning of the symbols of the Confederacy remains divided along racial and regional lines, part of a larger disagreement over the significance of the Civil War revealed in multiple polls.
He wants a congressional review of the Iran deal before the U.N. votes on it.
This story was published\u00a0by The Center for Public Integrity, a nonprofit, nonpartisan investigative news organization in
The agreement would partially resolve a federal civil rights lawsuit alleging discrimination.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) spoke at the annual Netroots Nation\u00a0gathering at the Phoenix Convention Center in Phoenix
WASHINGTON -- Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R) on Thursday took a dramatic step toward addressing the devastating toll the opioid
He's contrasting himself with Hillary Clinton.
Scenes from this week's breakneck race to go nowhere and learn nothing.

The president has made a good effort, the group says -- but it's just a start.
His 'politically uncomfortable' conclusion is that VA care isn't cutting it.
He pled guilty to tax fraud last year.
\To use Kevin\u2019s death to score political points is vile.\

The IRS thought it was some kind of biomedicine charity.

Florida senator shuns agency's research on climate change.
Critics say the video shows that Planned Parenthood sells aborted fetal tissue, which the organization denies.
Environmental advocates give them a mixed review.
'My career has been in law enforcement.'
Obama said his thoughts are with the families of the victims.
Let\u2019s start with an undeniable truth
Water wars in California ramp up as record drought presses on.
\This guy has a history of getting things done.\
The plan is to keep passing GOP bills that ignore the Democrats' concerns.
Clinton reports spending more than any other campaign has raised.
Congress will review the nuclear agreement over the next two months.
Washington has delayed highway funds so long even red states are raising gas taxes.
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission has ruled that existing civil rights law bars sexual orientation-based employment
The former vice president says the drilling \ought to be banned.\
Americans' level of concern about racism has spiked yet again in the wake of last month's shooting at a black church in Charleston
The former president will be fitted for a neck brace.
Former Keystone pipeline lobbyist is among the names.
\We still have to run our economy, we still have to turn on the lights.\
When an undercover video of a Planned Parenthood executive casually discussing the harvesting of\u00a0fetal tissue and organs
The couple sued after hospital staff refused to list both moms on birth certificate after their child was born.
WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 When are workers employees? When are they contractors? The Labor Department issued new guidance Wednesday
The president also promised to reform the criminal justice system during his visit to a federal prison in Oklahoma.

Diaz Zeferino was unarmed and doesn't appear to have been particularly threatening.
Going to Texas furthers Sanders' argument that progressive candidates shouldn\u2019t confine themselves to the coalition of voters that elected President Barack Obama.
The Highway Trust Fund is set to go broke Aug. 1.
WASHINGTON -- Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) on Wednesday offered another passionate defense of Donald Trump, while also attacking
Seriously. He's getting zero percent.
WASHINGTON \u2014 Marilyn B. Tavenner, the former Obama administration official in charge of the rollout of HealthCare.gov, was
Bush, Walker will disclose big-money fundraisers; Rubio, Cruz won't.
The agriculture secretary wonders whether Walker is more concerned about poverty in Wisconsin or winning over Republican primary voters.
WASHINGTON -- When President Barack Obama visits a federal prison on Thursday, it will mark the first time during his presidency
The student said he took no offense.
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson says he'd like to see more.
WASHINGTON -- Filipino-American World War II veterans who have been waiting for years to bring their family members to the
The announcement marks the 200th planned coal plant closure in the Sierra Club's Beyond Coal campaign.
\You know, this flag's not racist. And I know a lot of people think it is, but it's really not.\
Because words are so last year.
The law that calls for drug tests also claims that an \individual who is a recipient under the food stamp program is considered to be a welfare recipient.\
He added that no 'civilized country' should permit it.
Humblebragging is not a thing in Trumpland.
\You want to go back and take down the Confederate flag? Let\u2019s take down Planned Parenthood.\
County commissioners had voted to lower the flags 'below half-staff.'
She said she's \running for the U.S. Senate to give you a real choice.\
No really, they're all the same.
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said \it's a fiction\ to accuse his department of not enforcing immigration law.
The former Massachusetts senator, whose historical claim to fame comes from losing to two different women in two different states, is a song writer.
The president says investing in education as well as justice reform will correct a \long history of inequity.\
Reporters clash with open government advocates over the merits of a new FOIA policy.
Millions of Americans can now get medical weed under state law, but we still haven't done much research into the drug's positive effects.
In July 2011, a New Orleans man convicted of cocaine distribution wrote a five-page letter to the federal judge overseeing
A Monmouth University poll\u00a0conducted in the days leading up to the Iran nuclear agreement announced Tuesday found that
Hosting a rockfish and crab lunch for a visiting Vietnamese leader, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. seemed subdued as
The underlying question raised by the Greek financial crisis has been largely ignored, which is whether Greek adoption of the euro -- or even the creation of the Eurozone at all -- was a bad idea to begin with, and one that will not get better with time. This is the question that Germany must fear.
There's a reason why Donald Trump is stirring up the Republican race. The Republican Party has become a resistance movement, and Trump is leading the resistance. But is Trump a serious threat?




Jefferson believed that the common good and the individual good are interlaced. If so, then society itself suffers right along with the individuals that comprise it when they are left out. In America today, home ownership is increasingly out of reach of ordinary Americans.


After cop videos, #blacklivesmatter, Charleston massacre/eulogy/flag -- oh, and a Black president -- Matalin and LaMarche debate if we're starting the biggest conversation on race since the Kerner Commission. Also, who will be the bloviating blond's Joe Welch or are Trump and GOP nativist base inseparable?

PAGO PAGO, American Samoa (AP) - American Samoa stands as the only U.S. territory to hold out against the recent Supreme
Is that why he tried to gut Wisconsin's open-records law?




When we analyze the negotiations and terms comprehensively, it becomes evident that the current terms being negotiated will not only keep Iran's nuclear infrastructure and threat primarily intact, but it will create a whole new regional security dilemma, geopolitical concerns, and nuclear arms race in the region.



From immigration to campaign finance reform to criminal justice, Hillary Clinton\u2019s campaign strategy is clear
WASHINGTON, July 9 (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Bill Nelson, a Florida Democrat, has been diagnosed with prostate cancer and
A week after the 49th birthday of one of the most important open government laws\u00a0in United States history, the federal government
Indiana's First Church of Cannabis -- a religion that embraces marijuana as a holy sacrament, newly born under the state's
The head of the Republican National Committee, responding to demands from increasingly worried party leaders, spent nearly
A majority of Denver voters support recreational marijuana smoking in bars and other public venues in the city, according
By Bill Cotterell TALLAHASSEE, Fla., July 9 (Reuters) - The Florida Supreme Court on Thursday ordered the redrawing of some
The rebel banner could come down within days.
Maine Gov. Paul LePage (R) may have botched his state's veto process, allowing 19 bills he was trying to kill to become law
Marijuana supporters and opponents have teamed up on a new amendment that would create a new federal sub-category for the
In the wake of the recent King v. Burwell Supreme Court decision to uphold subsidies for the 34 state health insurance exchanges under the Affordable Care Act, it's worth understanding why losing them would've made insurance for nearly 6.4 million Americans unaffordable. It boils down to two numbers
Alas! how dreary would be the world if America were not exceptional. It would be as dreary as if there were no Washingtons. There would be no torch of liberty, no shining city on a hill, no Channing Tatum.
Think that if he were alive today, General Nathan Bedford Forrest would embrace Dylann Roof, the alleged killer of nine blacks in a Charleston Church who hoped to start a race war? Think again.


Greece should refuse a false choice by turning in a blank ballot. Refuse in this way the elite-mongering decisionism from which this scandalous insult to voting arises. Let it all go down. Around that the leaders and negotiators will have to adjust. Maybe then some small and sober and unexpected light will appear.
We need a new declaration of independence. FDR took a stab at this, with his \Four Freedoms.\ That's a good start. But now, eight decades later, we need to declare our independence from other forms of oppression.



This week, while the U.S. celebrates its independence, the world watches a modern Greek tragedy unfold as Greece votes on austere bailout terms imposed by the country's creditors. However the vote goes, one thing is clear
Despite the conventional wisdom that patriotism means \my country -- right or wrong\ and is best displayed by blind flag-waving,  to many Americans patriotism means loyalty to a set of principles, and thus requires dissent and criticism when those in power violate those standards.
While we are having fun laughing and making memories, men and women across the world will be protecting us. They will be standing watch, making rounds, sitting at a desk waiting for a phone to ring. They will be armed, they will be alert and they will be silently waiting for someone to make a wrong move.

As a former D.C. resident who is now living fully represented in California, I am surprised by the indifference that exists to the plight of Washington's 658,893 residents who are heavily taxes yet have no voting representation in Congress. It seems maybe we have become too comfortable with this denial of liberty.
The attitude that Lyall adopts toward Senator Sanders is, instead, mildly and cheerfully disparaging -- affectionate, but at the proper distance of condescension; ironically agreeable, as you are allowed to be in dealing with a second cousin or an eccentric uncle who is a bit of a blowhard. Hers is not the first such article to appear on Sanders in the Times.
The book is instructive and disturbing on many levels. First and foremost, I was struck by the arrogance and the sense of impunity with which Ally was written. No one who criticizes Israel is spared from Oren's venomous pen. Two targets receive special attention
On the same day that Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker announced his run for president, the Wisconsin GOP has proposed a virtual gutting of Wisconsin's open records law, long considered one of the best in the nation.


We would do well to ponder the Greek democratic experience and its implications for our own democracy which has lasted 239 years thus far, but seems increasingly at odds with itself and unable to handle basic government challenges.

One number

When it comes down to the freakiest of the freaky in the whole Republican field, Donald Trump is very hard to top. Trump not only is running for president, he's apparently on a mission to singlehandedly destroy his own Trump brand, forevermore.
Steve King Wants to Impeach Supreme Court Justices; Rush Limbaugh's Butthurt Balm; Crazy Christian Facebook Lady is Crazy; and much more.
In America, we have something called the Medal of Honor.  It is a military award that is only given to the people that went above and beyond reasonable expectations of bravery to achieve something truly heroic.  Here is a list of 10 of our greatest American heroes.  On this 4th of July, take one of these stories and tell it to your buddies over the grill, or while waiting for the fireworks.

Our nation's biggest arguments are often captured in majestic words, or dramatic photos. But sometimes it's a simple piece of cloth...
True patriotism isn't simply about waving the American flag. And it's not mostly about securing our borders from outsiders. It's about coming together for the common good.


Like the chorus of a drama played out in some ancient Athenian amphitheater, Europe's politicians and pundits chant that the Greeks deserve their fate; they violated the sacred dictum of the Gods of Finance -- that countries must not live beyond their means. Therefore, they must be punished.
But if you were a Jew, and you saw this hit TV show with two guys in a stunt car with an SS symbol on it, named after Hitler or some other high-ranking Nazi, you might think to yourself, \Is that really necessary? Isn't this kind of like a commercial that makes the SS symbol, and thus what the Nazis were fighting for, kind of...glamorous?\
Democratic Presidential candidate Bernard Sanders is drawing overflow crowds. He is garnering support at the grassroots level, and is raising \eye-popping\ amounts of cash from small donors.  Some of his enthusiastic adherents seem to believe there is no God but Bernie Sanders.
While the Kurds applaud wholeheartedly the vote by the fifty-five Senators who supported arming the Kurdish Peshmerga directly in their courageous fight against one of the biggest evils facing humanity today, they deplore the vote by the forty-five who voted against the measure.
Now that Bernie Sanders is rapidly climbing in the polls and attracting huge audiences to his campaign events, his opponents are starting to attack him for being too radical. After all, Sanders describes himself as a democratic socialist.
The National Restaurant Association is perhaps the largest trade group that you have never heard of.

I'm sure several of you are shaking your heads, wondering if I got the title wrong.  But while American political figures officially declared their independence on July 4, 1776, winning it was another matter.  And that came on a hot day in June, instead of a cold day in December.

Now that United States and Cuba are preparing to open embassies in each other's countries, what else needs to happen to support the process of d\u00e9tente between the two countries?
It's easy to laugh off Donald Trump's fact-free comments about Mexican immigrants being rapists. But there is a serious issue here, and mainstream media interviewers have neglected to ask Trump about it.
The American Experiment itself is an idea as much as it is a national experience. It is an idea that transcends place and provides a baseline on the macro level for the ideology of a country, as well as on a micro level for the life of an individual.
In every great nation in every time, the idea for which we serve is always lost, long before the fall.



If the last worker hired is being paid an hourly wage less than the value of the firm's output per hour, if would make sense to hire additional workers. The theory isn't completely batty, but it is way too easy to find egregious exceptions.
Americans are fiercely proud of this heritage, and so is Rwanda. Americans are fiercely proud of this heritage, and so is Rwanda. The difference in Africa is that \independence\ is an ongoing struggle against a backdrop of powerful foreign interests.
While all of what I described here remains in my memory there is only one split second incident that calls that July 4th, 1928 event to my mind.
I am a native South Carolinian. Charleston is my maternal ancestral home. My great grandmother was born during slavery. My great grandfather I have been told was a plantation overseer. Never have I been more proud and more ashamed of my dueling ancestral heritages than right now.
Congress is dragging its feet in tackling global warming. Our current president is trying to address the problem, but his powers are limited.  That leaves the courts, the third pillar of our government's triumvirate. Are they our last best hope?



One would think the ease with which both Lanza and allegedly Dylann Roof were able to obtain\u00a0weapons would in and of itself make a solid case for gun control legislation in the U.S. to finally be tightened.

In a pluralistic society like the United States, change happens when groups coalesce around their shared group interest to fight for policies that affect them as a group. It may not sound nice, but given American history it is not at all racist.

Though the task may seem daunting, there is a way to turn around our country's widespread unemployment and underemployment. The answer is actually right in front of us. Our nation's vast network of transportation systems is a key component to putting Americans back to work.

Remember, your religious beliefs are not you. They are simply part of the medium you were cultured in when you were raised.

The Marijuana Policy Project came out with its report card for 22 presidential candidates and hopefuls and the headline is that no one is sticking their neck out very far when it comes to the legalization of marijuana or the loosening of federal pot laws.


When it comes to articulating a rationale for gun safety laws, even the oratory skills of President Obama seem to come up short. Leave it, instead, to a comedian, Australian stand-up Jim Jeffries. His hilarious, but easy to understand arguments slay the Second amendment.
Bernie has been there with us every time, fighting for fairness, for environmental justice, for voting rights and getting big money out of politics. Bernie is there for criminal justice reform and a path to citizenship for 20 million immigrants. Bernie realizes that workers' rights in the U.S. remain under attack and near the bottom of the world's democracies.
If the president is serious about restoring grace in our public spaces, surely those suffering most greatly among us must not be left behind.
The most amazing thing happened yesterday. I ran into a registered Republican who was not running for president.In case you've just joined us, the Democratic nomination appears to be sewn up by the scandal-surfing Hillary Clinton.

By making large campaign donations to candidates for office and political parties, rich people are able to gain disproportionate influence over the political process. But in the past that power was at least somewhat constrained.
What I remember most about Charleston in 1963
We Americans think of ourselves as advanced, at least technologically. The images of the first man on the moon, put there by American ingenuity and organization less than 200 years after the country's founding, can still thrill.
It makes sense to remove the Confederate Flag from government space.  Though there are people who believe it stands for heritage and a unique Southern culture, that flag is also an active symbol of hate in today's world.  Ben Tillman and John Calhoun are not active symbols of hate.  Few today even know who they are.
I've always seen connections between things. And the deeper meaning of things that are not things. An event, personal or historical-- an object, natural or created-- holds a deeper meaning when we are able to hear the stories underneath.
A New York bill allowing adults who were adopted as children to obtain access to their original birth certificates, was \destroyed\ by members of the NY State Assembly before it passed by a 125-19 vote on June 18, according to members of the group New York Adoption Equality.
No matter the side or sides you take on various issues, we have to remember that we are all Americans first, and because of that we owe it to each other to have respect for one another.
Looking back at the five months that preceded last Friday night's shock referendum call, it is evident that the government made numerous grave negotiating mistakes.
When the disillusioned 21-year-old Dylann Roof shot and killed nine black worshipers at the Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, SC, the tragedy quickly focused on the legacy of the Confederate flag and its tacit endorsement of racism. For presidential candidates courting southern conservatives, this called for high-wire political acts.
By removing these relics of the past to a space where those who wish to honor their heritage may do so, current state officials can help clear away the clutter of divisiveness so that all citizens may engage with their government unencumbered by the symbols of white supremacy.
My sympathies were strongly for the South. Lee. Jackson,  Jeb Stuart, Nathan Bedford Forrrest -- those were my heroes. I even sucked on lemons because Stonewall did. When I was asked why, I said because they tasted good.
We're now six years and counting into Barack Obama's presidency, and I have to tell you
The last thirty years have seen private sector dominance of government. The results are disastrous and clearly seen. Tax codes and laws were established to benefit specific corporations and industries, while creating barriers to entry for new technologies and small companies.
A little over twenty-five years ago I made my first trek to Greece and Cyprus. One of the things I recall younger Greeks criticizing their elders for was their lacking of belief in the newly introduced 'every-man's' banking system.
It was in the wake of the murder of Martin Luther King, Jr. in April 1968 that President Lyndon Johnson signed into law a major pillar of U.S. civil rights legislation, the Fair Housing Act.
We need to summon the political will to create -- for the first time -- an American labor force of committed citizens that reaches across boundaries of class, race, gender, and religion and involves all Americans.  Only then can those in despair envision a future in which they and their children live useful lives as contributing members of our society.



Public opinion polls confirm what foreign observers have often noted
Barack Obama poked good humor at some of those extreme conservative perceptions of his presidency at the White House Correspondents Dinner last month.
BC fired Donald Trump today. Last week Trump's Miss Universe pageant was dropped by Univision. Both networks are reacting to racist remarks by the Republican Primary contender, who is currently running second in the New Hampshire polls, ahead of Marco Rubio and only slightly trailing \Jeb!\ Bush.
Being both poor and a woman is not easy. Add to that a constant barrage of attacks on your reproductive health, and you've got a nearly impossible situation. Yet, it's something that millions of American women are forced to endure every minute of every hour of every day.

President Obama can strengthen his legacy in this area with tools he already has.  He doesn't need to magically unlock the logjam in Congress to help ensure the resources for affordable housing for years to come.
The decision to call private citizen Sidney Blumenthal, former President Clinton's assistant and Hillary Clinton's longtime friend, on June 16 for a behind-closed-doors sworn deposition is emblematic of the shameful, shamelessly partisan conduct of Gowdy and the Republicans on his committee.
Americans treasure our individuality, and we hold tenaciously to the idea that what happens inside the case of our brains is sacrosanct. We can think what we want; no American institution can attempt to suppress our ideas. Here is where it gets tricky.

The income gap between poor minority and middle-class white communities continues to widen. While the recovery has boosted housing prices overall, it hasn't boosted them in poor communities.
It's worth noting that the decision to make same-sex marriage a nationwide right in America owes a big debt of gratitude to science. Without science, this Supreme Court decision might have been delayed another century until mere decency prevailed over the entrenched forces of American fundamentalism.

I'm late at reading all the dissents to the 5-4 decision making marriage legal across the country for gays and lesbian, but Clarence Thomas said something so extraordinarily illogical and ahistorical, it has to be noted:
We can overcome adversity by dismissing the issues that are no longer relevant, and moving on to those that matter. The economy matters, foreign relations matter, the environment matters, human rights matter... listening matters... but bigotry no longer gets an ear.


This year, as Medicare turns 50, it's a good time to look back on its half-century of success in providing access to health care for hundreds of millions of older Americans.  It's also a good time to look forward at ways we can strengthen this essential program for generations to come.
Friday's U.S. Supreme Court decision was a great victory for LGBT rights. But it also was a great victory for something that rests right at the heart of the human experience, the paramount legal doctrine of M.Y.O.B. -- Mind Your Own Business.

Immigrant Heritage Month gives us an opportunity to recognize the stories and contributions from those who came to make this country great in their own way.  Let us not forget that one of those ways represents among the highest possible patriotic callings, to serve in our nation's Armed Forces.
This week, in the words of President Obama, our union became \a little more perfect.\ On Thursday, the Supreme Court ruled 6-3 in favor of Obamacare, preserving health insurance for at least 8 million people...
This week, in the words of President Obama, our union became \a little more perfect.\ On Thursday, the Supreme Court ruled 6-3 in favor of Obamacare, preserving health insurance for at least 8 million people. In dissent, Justice Scalia -- whose opinions increasingly read like he's shouting them from the Court's front porch at passersby -- accused the majority of \jiggery-pokery.\ The next day, the Court ruled 5-4 to make marriage legal nationwide for same sex couples. As cheers rang out across the country, the president hailed the courage of those who \slowly made an entire country realize that love is love.\ But amid the celebration there was also sadness, as Rev. Clementa Pinckney was laid to rest in Charleston... Read More.
It has been a bad couple of weeks for regressives (the accurate term for \conservatives\). The 10-day period from June 18 to June 26 has been such a disastrous time for regressives that it may be looked back upon as the time when it became clear that history has passed by the \Conservative Movement\ and left it untenable.

The SCOTUS ruling to legalize same-sex marriage is a victory for human rights. The decision follows in the footsteps of its 1967 decision in Loving v. Virginia that outlawed states' bans on interracial marriage, an earlier victory for marriage equality. But there is a huge difference in the two rulings.




The LGBT community waged a brilliant strategic campaign and won a well-deserved victory in America this week. May their win be a blessing on all citizens whose lives will improve because of this expansion of their democratic freedoms, and an inspiration to all of us for the work that still lies ahead.

Although none of these 20 women were elected to office, they all had a great influence on public opinion and public policy. The reformers profiled below exercised influence not only because of the number of people they mobilized, but also because of the moral force of their ideas.

Of his father, Hamlet says to Horatio, \'A was a man, take him for all in all, I shall not look upon his like again.\ Herb Goodwin was not my father, whom I love, but Herb was an angelic father figure to me, and I know I shall not look upon his like again.
A central complaint of the four justices who dissented from the Supreme Court's decision in Obergefell v. Hodges was their repeated assertion that the five justices in the majority were unabashedly distorting the \true\ meaning of the Constitution to suit their own personal values and beliefs.


One day after the Supreme Court's ruling upholding the Affordable Care Act, an Aspen Ideas Festival Spotlight Health panel of former politicians and administration officials agreed that a lot more work lies ahead -- in terms of further implementation, improving health care quality and especially the politics.


This is not mere ancient history. It is playing out today, and not just in the consequences of British (or French, or German, or American) imperial misadventures. It informs our Western portrayal of the \East\ and our understanding of its peoples. We still see ourselves as the civilized world, the bearers of universal values. And we still portray the \East\ as less civilized, more prone to violence, less respectful of human life and liberty.



Scalia's message is frightening anti-government rhetoric so harsh and polarizing that it is potentially far more damaging to America than anything in the gay marriage ruling he laments.

People who defend racist rhetoric and symbols are complicit in the resulting racist violence. They may as well own that. Neither the Confederate flag nor racist rhetoric -- overt or covert -- killed nine people in Charleston, but symbols and rhetoric created the environment in which it was possible, indeed likely.



This is jiggery-plobbaly.


While those of us who support marriage equality are right to rejoice, there remains one thing missing from Justice Anthony Kennedy's opinion
Things are about to get weird. After months of hearing from conservatives and fundamentalists about how they were going to secede, leave the country, or burn themselves in effigy over same-sex marriage, the day has arrived.

We all need to accept and build a future where prevention becomes a dominant force. Waiting to get sick before going to the doctor makes no economic sense.

The Fourth of July is an important time of year to give thanks for the freedoms we enjoy in this country. One of those freedoms, which my patients and I benefit from every day, is medical freedom.
Since the year 2020 marks the 100 year commemoration of the passage of the 19th Amendment of the U.S. Constitution granting women the vote, petition organizers argue that the time has long-since come for women to grace our currency, especially our paper bills.
Among other well-founded concerns about the process of negotiating the trade treaties, what they may include, and their impacts, is the fact that they are likely to include some form of Investor-State Dispute Settlement (ISDS) mechanism.
The flag debate is seriously getting in the way of more pressing issues. As long as our focus is on the stars and bars, we are not talking about the nine Americans who were shot to death in their own church by another American.
If we want to deliver high-value, quality care to patients and families, we need to invest in better ways to deliver care -- not undermine the agencies that are making real the improvements our health care system needs.
Our military leadership is striving to persuade the administration and Congress to focus on our top priorities, but the media obsession with terrorism is distracting them from the military's core mission -- which is national defense.
The decision is in! The Supreme Court has ruled on the landmark Affordable Care Act case. Now what?
Rand Paul may be many things -- a crusader, a protector of privacy and a conservative, but one thing he certainly isn't is informed on the value of and importance of oversight in American healthcare.

The sad truth is that we don't require enough testing on toxic chemicals before chemical manufacturers market them in this country, and public health has paid a heavy price for this omission.
It's pretty clear South Carolina has turned a big corner. As a state, we've still got a lot of healing and talking to do. But now, the legislature needs to catch up and finish the job by taking down the flag.
Now I believe in climate change and support measures to fight it like investing alternative energy or cleaner emissions standards for industry. So when the Pope lends the power of his voice to this cause I embrace it.

A republic which remains unchecked by the people it was intended to represent is in no form a republic. Because of the people of Maine, in November, America will witness a decision handed down not by the government or special interests, but by the people.

Until unaffected populations begin to acknowledge what lies beyond their purview, cops will continue to act with impunity. DeRay McKesson's goal is to show them an unacceptable reality
The most salient \add-on\ feature of the TPP is its investor-state dispute settlement mechanism, which gives investors private rights of action against governments outside the court system. The problem is not so much that it violates rule of law and sovereignty, but that it shrinks the actual and potential role of the public.


But Jindal's time might have passed -- if it ever even existed. He's not as fresh a face on the political scene as he once was.
People like me (you know who you are), let's just be real for a second, okay? Let's just take a moment to really be honest with ourselves. Are you really all that brilliant? Are you really the hardest worker you've ever met?

Although I agree with Vaughn that the 2nd Amendment was meant to enable us to protect ourselves from a tyrannical government, nowhere in the 2nd Amendment does it state that there's a right to carry weapons around in our daily lives, in public, in plain view.


Money, they say, makes the world go round. So how's $10 billion for you? That's a top-end estimate for the record-breaking spending in this 1% presidential election campaign season.

Obama and the 'N' Word





Good guys stopping bad guys is a myth perpetuated in movies and television. The best chance of stopping a bad guy with a gun is good policy that makes it tougher to get one.

If the government can take land from Bill Tong, Garrick Beil and the homeowners in New London, Connecticut, the same thing can and will continue to happen to other property owners across the county.
Republicans must go beyond the flag debate to confront the simmering ideological stew on the far right.  The idea of nullification in its own way is equally odious.  It is a failed constitutional theory that should likewise be banished to a museum of legal antiquities.



We are now more than two years into the Colombian peace talks. Meeting in Havana, negotiators for the Colombian government and its principal antagonist, the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), have been trying to agree upon an intricate deal to end the country's long-running armed conflict.
The Kalief Browder case reminds me that no one like me was at the table when the Constitution was created. What good are Constitutional rights, if they are not afforded to everyone?
Preventive services like mammograms and birth control are provided without deductibles or co-pays under Obamacare. If the system is dismantled, get ready to pay up or lose these benefits altogether.
The artistic music video \Wrecking Ball\ featuring former Disney star Miley Cyrus has accumulated hundreds of millions of views on Youtube. This provocative clip features an almost naked Cyrus suggestively cavorting on a simulated wrecking ball and nearly licking a metal phallic symbol.
Even though 49 states mandate a balanced budget, either constitutionally or statutorily, there is no uniform definition of a balanced budget, and accounting trickery has allowed states to avoid paying for their future obligations.
We, as a human race in general, just need to take a huge 7-and-some-billion-people-dosage of the chill pill.

When I was a scout on my first camp-out, each boy in the troop was assigned a task; some scouts were in charge of the food; some took care of the large canisters of Kool-Aid and water; some helped with tent raising; and others, usually at least one older boy along with a couple of younger scouts, were in charge of the fire pit.

I find it interesting that in the wake of the \u202aCharleston massacre\u202c, Republican presidential candidates, The Wall Street Journal, Fox News, etc. are hedging their analyses, invoking \nuance,\ and asking for more details to emerge.
I write this from Fripp Island, South Carolina. I was brought here yesterday by my 26 year old daughter, to visit her good friend, Faith, and her mother, Joan. It's their family beach house.

Healing the long-term, collective race-based wounds to the psyches and emotions of Americans will not be an easy or expeditious task. But it MUST be done if we are to have the type of healthy, strong and united nation needed to survive an otherwise volatile and unpredictable world.
Whatever the Confederate flag may have represented in the past, it is now understood by most people to stand for hate and racism. There is no reason to treat it any differently than we treat the Nazi Swastika.

With the nation mourning the victims of the Charleston church massacre and observing the 150th anniversary of Juneteenth, the June 16th commemoration of slave emancipation, there's no better time to confront the toxic influences of racism and easy access to guns that came together this week. \We can't accept events like this as routine,\ said President Obama. Actually, that was what he said after Newtown, several mass shootings ago. This time the president was, rightfully, angrier and wearier. \I've had to make statements like this too many times,\ he said, noting that \at some point, we as a country will have to reckon with the fact that this type of mass violence does not happen in other advanced countries.\ That reckoning should happen now -- right now -- even as the Confederate flag continues to shamefully fly at full mast above the South Carolina state house.

People often ask me whether being President has made it more difficult to spend time with Michelle and our girls. But the surprising truth is that being in the White House has made our family life more \normal\ than it's ever been.


I'm proud to be a Senator, but I'm even prouder to be a dad. This Father's Day, let's embrace true family values and push for fair, inclusive family leave that will make our economy work better for everyone.



Most of us are silent as one more senseless mass shooting traumatizes a community, this time in South Carolina. I am sick and tired of silence. Silence is killing us. Who is ultimately responsible for dozens of gun lobby sponsored bills advancing each year in conservative legislatures? We are.

There's a decent chance the 2016 presidential election will be about national security. If that's the case, recent spin by Democratic pundits may undercut former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's campaign before it has much of a chance to establish itself.
What is around us that would tacitly or implicitly give permission to someone to pick up a gun and kill nine people? All the signs, all the permission he ever needed was in a flag, in a sentence, in a supposedly harmless joke, in the privacy of a car, in a home late at night, in a status update. All of it, was always just there.





It's been a rollercoaster week in the political world, beginning with Hillary Clinton shifting the gears of her campaign by holding her first big rally, which was immediately followed by the man we're going to call \Jeb! Bush!\ finally officially announcing his own candidacy.
Elizabeth Warren has been a vocal proponent for college affordability and student loan reform since her election to the U.S. Senate. As Senator, she has used her fierce persistence and knowledge of the finance industry to advocate on behalf of student borrowers.

That's what inspired President Obama to launch the My Brother's Keeper Initiative (MBK) -- an initiative I am proud to lead. As someone who grew up without a dad, and then made the decision to take on the joy and responsibility of being an active, engaged father in the lives of his daughters, the President understands that we have the power to break old cycles.  We have the power to change the narrative.
Why are people willing to pay for the right to put their message on a license plate, rather than just put it on a bumper sticker? Justice Breyer suggests that it is because they want the state's endorsement of their message. The problem, though, is that this is about the state discriminating among private speakers based on whether it approves or disapproves of the message. This, the First Amendment does not permit.
He's clearly not ready for prime time and is a lousy decision maker, too. Why did he show off his ignorance of foreign affairs at that foreign affairs luncheon? Unless he thought his Bush name absolved him of having to do research or prepare with consultants. Which means he's got as scary a sense of entitlement as his brother did.


If TPP passes the Senate, other attempts to regulate commerce for the common good will be potentially gutted as well, from attempts at financial regulation to limits on the prices charged for drugs, to environmental rules and seemingly innocuous actions like requiring accurate labeling.
\Tough liberal'' and \nice conservative'' sound like oxymorons. They defy political stereotypes. But the ideal Democratic candidate is a tough liberal. And the ideal Republican candidate is a nice conservative. Hillary Clinton and Jeb Bush are aiming to meet those standards.

In South Carolina, we expect our brothers and sisters of color to drive on roads named after Generals who fought to enslave their forefathers. We expect them to live in peace while a symbol of hatred flies at their statehouses. We expect that they stay at home while more and more of their children are being killed in the streets, schools and churches
When states fail to pass laws that effectively restrict access to illegal guns, and instead enact laws to make it easier to buy and carry guns, they fail to sufficiently value Black lives and the lives of other Americans adversely affected by gun crime and violence.

Bush, a devout Catholic, made headlines earlier in the week for saying that he doesn't take economic policy advice from the clergy.


In a crime that has outraged locals, a sniper has reportedly shot down the beloved Confederate flag that traditionally graces the Statehouse in Columbia, South Carolina. \This was clearly one very disturbed individual,\ said Council Chairman Harvey \Harve\ Jeffcoat. \And I can tell you with certainty that he does not represent our community.\

Today, our national numbness is wrapped in a Confederate flag. The young man who killed nine members of Charleston's Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church on Wednesday night was an old-school racist.
The pundits tell us that Jeb is the likely GOP nominee while Hillary is definitely the Democrat's candidate. But what if the people choose someone else? The great thing about American democracy is that the future is impossible to predict.
As a white, nearly lifelong resident of Charleston, I feel obligated to say in defiance of my usual self-censorship. While they may and often do dwell together, hatred and mental illness are not the same. Hatred is not a mood disorder. Hatred is inert violence. And we are all susceptible to its intrusions.
Whether addressed through stories of the candidate's humble origins or lofty ideals, their conversations are beginning to be about how to set the economic stage for greater prosperity for all of our citizens. This is a promising trend.

If ISIS had killed 547 Americans in 2013, we'd have sent tens of thousands of Americans back to Iraq, so why do we simply shrug our shoulders at hundreds of murders that aren't linked to a terrorist group?
In the end the hand wringing over political correctness is just the politically correct way for some people to defend their unwillingness to change.


The facts of this tragedy remain under investigation, and there is still a lot that we don't know. But what we do know is that every day, 88 Americans are killed in shootings. No, there is not a single magic solution that will keep every gun out of the hands of every person intent on doing harm -- but we can do a lot better.





If a deal is announced on June 30, America must remember whose hands we are shaking. These are the hands of a regime that holds an American journalist in deplorable conditions with no due process.



The Pope, by the way, is not bringing religion to the debate; he is simply acknowledging that the science is overwhelming and compelling, and given that, there is a moral obligation to act.
As the Charleston community comes together in mourning, it is important to also come together to reflect on how such a tragedy could happen in the first place, and what must be done at a larger, societal level to prevent this from happening again.





Unfortunately, sometimes high-minded rhetoric is empty.  Other times, it dissolves into the cynical compromises of realpolitik.  In these cases, cynicism increases; performance trumps substance, and most of us become ever more skeptical about the possibility of real social change.


When it takes a law to stop a practice that should, on its surface, scream of irresponsibility, those involved have somehow lost a portion of their moral compass.

Speaking out against the impending injustice against Haitians in the Dominican Republic is the first thing we can do to begin to reclaim our credibility and moral standing. I intend to express my concerns directly to Dominican and Haitian leaders in the coming days.



Underneath the rumble of political debates, the tender shoots of a new global consensus around commonsense, practical and progressive economics are emerging. It's what Swedish Prime Minister Stefan L\u00f6fven calls the Global Deal -- a new compromise between capital and labor that would ensure shared prosperity by putting jobs at the center of global macroeconomic policy.
Scalia has identified himself as a \faint-hearted originalist.\ Nowhere is his faint-heartedness more evident than in his refusal to seriously consider whether and to what extent the Constitution protects unenumerated rights.
There will be no return to the fragile stability of even just five years ago. U.S. troops are greatly reduced in Afghanistan and Iraq. Humpty Dumpty cannot be put back together again.
I and millions of first generation immigrants like me all over the world have two homes. I am blissfully at home in DeLand, Florida where for the past 15 years I have taught, cooked, loved, been loved, and everything in between.
Public campaign financing has encouraged more diverse candidates to run, kept campaign costs under control, and enabled candidates to spend more time with voters, instead of the wealthy donors, corporations and PACs who fund traditional campaigns.
You might think that we learned the lesson of discredited managed care in the 1990s. The term \managed care\ is confusing to many, but really amounts to managed reimbursement rather than managed care, whereby a set prospective annual payment is made by federal/state governments, as in the case of Medicaid managed care (MMC), to cover whatever services patients will receive over the coming year.
Artful advocates advise this about addressing the court


It's about time that the Democratic rank and file rebelled against the corporate domination of the Democratic presidential party. Last week's events should ring down the curtain on the era of \trade\ deals like NAFTA and TPP.


To understand what comes next, it's worth unpacking what exactly happened on Friday and how we got there.

The issue before us is not \free trade,\ which, like any policy, has its pluses and minuses. The issue is that a multilateral trade agreement should not be negotiated in secret, but in the open by our State and Commerce departments, with input from all organizations concerned.
Today marks the third anniversary of President Barack Obama's Deferred Action on Childhood Arrivals (DACA) executive order, a critical moment in immigration policy history.
After George W. Bush's tenure in office came to a conclusion, Republicans who were hoping Jeb Bush could succeed him in 2008 and 2012 asked me about his chances. \He'd do better, right?  He's the smarter of the two, right?\ Sadly, as Jeb's 2016 campaign struggles, it has confirmed the responses I gave several years ago. He's not the wiser brother.
The fighting in Yemen is not just destroying the fabric of that nation; it has broader implications for the region. While Iran denies direct involvement, it gives military aid to the Houthis. Meanwhile, for ordinary Yemenis, they can only hope that a miracle happens in Geneva so they can start to rebuild their shattered lives.

King Jeb only looks out for himself and people like him. He never has, and never will, fight for middle class families. And even though Americans already know what a Bush presidency will mean for them, Jeb Bush still plans to run for President in 2016.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership may yet squeak through Congress but its near-death experience offers an important lesson. It's not that labor unions have regained political power or that the president is especially weak. The biggest lesson is most Americans no longer support free trade.
Most Americans are unaware that much of our patriotic culture -- including many of the leading symbols and songs -- was created by people with decidedly progressive sympathies. Progressives understand that people can disagree with their government and still love their country and its ideals.

They're catnip for commentators -- two dynasts announcing within two days. Except the differences far exceed the parallels -- one's a yellow-pad wonk related to a popular ex-POTUS who leads with 60 percent in Democratic polls. The other is a \Jar of Mayo\ with 100 percent recognition yet only 10 percent in GOP polls. Lowry and Katrina debate why.
SEC Commissioner Michael Piwowar, said in a speech to Cato recently that the goal of the SEC should not be to \promote investor confidence,\ but instead to \promote investor skepticism.\ This is a scary example of a radically libertarian philosophy that could cause our financial system to melt down in a big way.

Hillary Clinton's decision to hold the first major public rally of her campaign at Four Freedoms Park in New York City reminds us not only of the many challenges the United States has faced in the past, but also the many challenges we face today as we seek to build a better future for ourselves and for our children.

This week, the nation waited in breathless anticipation for the expected announcement tomorrow that Jeb Bush is running for president. Bush, who seems more adept at raising money than votes (he hasn't gotten one since 2002, the year his brother called for \regime change\ in Iraq), appears to be the Republican most capable of uniting the money wing of the party with the money wing of the party. If nothing else, Bush's extended run-up to actually running demonstrates how pointless and fake so much of campaign coverage is. And the \process journalism\ doesn't stop after Election Day. On Friday, President Obama suffered a defeat on fast-track authority for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal. But most of the coverage was over the political and procedural ins-and-outs rather than the effects of the bill itself. Too bad we can't contain the media's horse-race coverage to the exploits of American Pharoah.

Clinton has been a polarizing figure throughout her career. In her Roosevelt Island speech, she portrayed herself as a fighter. But, ultimately, Clinton will have to be more publicly accountable for some of the legitimate questions that have been raised around her candidacy because they are not going away.






The 85-year-old Grand Ayatollah did not talk to me as if I'm Sunni or Shia, Muslim or non-Muslim but just as a human being. I left his reception fully confident that Iraq is currently in safe hands so long as it continues to have wise men like him. However, what will happen after Sistani departs a fragile Iraq?



President Obama acknowledges that many lower-skilled workers will lose their jobs if they are forced to compete in a global marketplace. That's why trade adjustment assistance is needed. But Democrats are horrified by a policy that, whatever the benefits, would end up creating greater inequality.



Israel acts with impunity in seizing Palestinian land, demolishing Palestinian homes and denying basic freedoms to Palestinians. Israel then acts to sanction the Palestinian Authority by refusing to transfer tax revenues that are legally Palestinian funds. But when confronted with a dose of the same medicine, Netanyahu not only screams \foul,\ he denounces his adversaries as \anti-Semites\ and threatens severe retaliation.
Stung by the sudden derailment in the House of Representatives of the rush to pass the Trans Pacific Partnership, the Washington establishment has wasted no time in warning us of the  menace of a rising China, should the trade deal not be put back on track next week.

Trade deals are one subject (one of the very few left) which do not break down on party line. Both the Republicans and the Democrats are split over the issue, so it's not a repeat of the usual partisan battle lines. But it is a clear defeat for Obama, who lobbied hard to very little effect.
Nobody of any age should be held in jail without a trial for three years. No child or adolescent should be held in an adult jail. Yet, a 16-year-old accused of stealing a backpack was kept in one of the most violent adult jails in the United States, Rikers Island in New York City, for three years without a trial. This was morally scandalous and inhumane. Even worse, he spent more than two years of that time in solitary confinement, locked up alone except to go to the shower, the recreation area, the visit room or the medical clinic. This was torture. The suicide of 22-year-old Kalief Browder on June 6, barely two years after his release and return home, was the final horror in his tragic and brutal journey into the depths of the adult criminal justice system in New York.
Your former classmates want to know all about your current governor...

This is and should not be presented as a vote for or against the president.  It is simply an enormously complex and complicated set of global trade policies that rightfully deserve careful discussion and thoughtful debate.
I worry that the media and the public will focus on the wrong things and damage her electability. I worry that she will stumble late in the campaign. I worry that there is no Democratic back-up plan.

In my humble opinion, it's both inconceivable and terrifying that such a powerful man as George Soros would propose an action that could spark a new world war.
Israel is not really a nation (we don't share geographical or racial commonality), but an ideological state that our ancestors agreed to. We only reveal God and the Torah by choosing to live as one man and one heart.






By the end of June, the U. S. Supreme Court will deliver its decisions regarding same-sex marriage and, as well, the healthcare law whose controversial provisions include some contraception and abortion coverage.
While some candidates hold their ground, promising to pursue a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage if the Supreme Court upholds recognition of it in rulings expected this month, the movement in support of same-sex marriage is simply tectonic.


Far too often, people tell the story of what is happening today in Ukraine without you in it. It is East versus West. The Eurasian Union versus the European Union. Russia versus the EU or Russia versus the United States. In this telling, at best, the Ukrainian people get to choose one of these sides. At worst, a side is chosen for you.


\I try to address their concerns.\

\u201cWe should forgive the debts of students who were hoodwinked by for-profit colleges.\u201d

Even 150 years later, it's clear that the wounds of the Civil War are not completely healed. But despite these historical and political rifts, there is one thing that can and should unite all Americans, as it has united Senators Leahy and Lee and a unanimous Senate

A key aspect of the TPP will be the provision of \investor-state dispute settlement\ (ISDS). The name sounds innocuous, but its content puts at risk core elements of the American legal system -- America's commitment to open courts and equal treatment.




Who Isn't Running for President?



Does a law that burdens Americans' right to self-defense at times when they are most vulnerable violate the Second Amendment? On Monday, the Supreme Court took a pass on that vital question.
We don't need hyperbolic statements that our military is the \finest fighting force\ ever, or that our troops are the world's liberators and bringers of freedom. Such words are immoderate and boastful. They're intended to win favor with the troops and with the people back home; they're politically calculated. And in that sense, they're ill-advised and even dishonest -- they're basically nothing more than flattery.


After five years of stall tactics and changing the rules to whatever suits him, Senator Ron Johnson long ago forfeited whatever deference he feels he is owed. The president has a list of names and he should act, selecting the nominee who will best protect the rights of everyday people in Illinois, Indiana, and Wisconsin.
I think that the momentum for a single payer system will sweep the country . . . it will be such a huge popular issue . . . that even if it's not successful the first time, it will eventually be.




While some policymakers may be tempted to treat DNA forensic capabilities as a panacea for criminal investigations, the evolution of DNA forensics may also represent a Pandora's box of ethical, privacy, legal and financial concerns that require deep consideration.


On May 27, the Nebraska legislature, overturning a gubernatorial veto, repealed the state's death penalty.  For opponents of state execution, there was a brief moment of rejoicing.  But many Nebraskans were instantly nostalgic for the good old days of killing bad people.

For political wonks, June is not the month to celebrate grads, dads, and brides, but instead the biggest SCOTUS month of the year. This year, the biggest two (or the two with the biggest political overtones, at any rate) will likely be held back until the very end of the month.


Forty-two Republicans, none of whom even bothered to speak in opposition, voted to continue discrimination, and my amendment was defeated. Some of those Republicans had previously voted for the Employment Non-Discrimination Act, so they retreated from their earlier stand against workplace discrimination against LGBT Americans.


Hastert shocking... but Alter recalls how he sleazily pocketed millions when legislation enhanced his private property. Alter-Matalin debate how Pope wants to phase out fossil fuels while many Catholic Republicans are in big oil's pockets. Then
Are elite college professors really overpaid? A few are, perhaps, but you have to ask



This week, Hillary Clinton took on the war against voting. In a speech on Thursday, she called out governors Scott Walker, Chris Christie, Rick Perry, and Jeb Bush, demanding Republicans \stop fear mongering about a phantom epidemic of election fraud, and start explaining why they're so scared of letting citizens have their say.\ She followed it up with sensible proposals to make voting easier. Meanwhile, speaking of wars, on Monday Senator Lindsey Graham -- whose solution to every foreign policy problem boils down to armed conflict -- entered the 2016 race. Right on cue, three days later, responding to a question about the fact that Americans are tired of endless war, Graham said, \Well don't vote for me.\ Duly noted. It's an odd impulse to constantly want to start wars in the name of democracy while simultaneously undermining it here at home.


Life Lessons from the World of Sports











Cultivating interpersonal relationships will help our two peoples better understand one another's values, fears and aspirations, thereby building a foundation for reconciliation. But the most important benefit from lifting the travel ban is the simplest
Jessica Cooke's shocking treatment is sadly symptomatic of a pattern

Our polling shows that Arab opinion is largely confounded when it comes to assessing the region's current crises. They know where they want to be, but they don't know how to get there.
Should Americans join the military if the next commander-in-chief of the armed services is an arrogant, ignorant, irresponsible, war-happy hawk? Many of America's best and brightest join the armed services. But with the U.S. constantly at war, joining is a life or death decision, dependent on the judgment of whoever sits in the Oval Office.
Looking back at previous elections we see that the vulnerabilities of one candidate can actually hurt a candidate with similar vulnerabilities on the opposite side.



Daniel Pipes, the President of the Middle East Forum and a Fox News commentator, critiqued my Huffington Post article for saying Turkey was having their biggest election in their country's history. In some ways, I think he might be on to something


In August 1998, in what was my last meeting with Tariq Aziz as a weapons inspector, he lambasted the lack of progress after more than seven years of inspections. \The truth is that Iraq has no proscribed weapons or capabilities in any areas within the mandate of the Special Commission... Your duty is to take the direct political responsibility and report the truth.\


The Republicans' dramatic intra-party fighting over NSA domestic surveillance, which saw the likes of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain having to give way to the likes of young libertarian Senator and presidential candidate Rand Paul and House Republicans, points up a brewing civil war on national security.



Many Republican politicians, pundits and loyal GOP voters have targeted President Obama as the reason for the current state of race relations in our nation. As those in the land of rock-ribbed republicanism see it, our current commander-in-chief is the primary reason that the racial situation is less than desirable.
Psychology matters in elections. Throughout my career I've seen how having confidence from start to finish impacts campaigns. Understanding your strengths puts the wind at your back. It emboldens candidates and allies, and energizes volunteers, donors and supporters. And it can set the stage for sweeping victories.
Neither governments nor nuclear vendors worldwide have yet come up with an oversight, reporting, transparency, and citizen participation mechanism sufficient to make sure that the role that nuclear power could play in the global future energy mix does not lead to disastrous events.


Yesterday, in a speech in Texas on the importance of voting rights, Hillary Clinton made one of the most important remarks of her campaign so far

How many more times are we going to hear about a crazed gunman walking into a school armed and ready to kill? How many more innocent children need to die before we wake up and prepare our teachers to fight back?

Congressman John K. Delaney, what are you talking about? In a recent Washington Post op-ed, headlined, \The last thing America needs? A left-wing version of the Tea Party,\ the Democratic congressman from Maryland scolds progressives and expresses his worry \about where some of the loudest voices in the room could take the Democratic Party.\ But the progressive agenda isn't \left wing.\ The progressive agenda is America's story -- from ending slavery to ending segregation to establishing a woman's right to vote to Social Security, the right to organize, and the fight for fair pay and against income inequality. Strip those from our history and you might as well contract America out to the US Chamber of Commerce the National Association of Manufacturers, and Karl Rove, Inc.

Our zeal in excoriating modern-day Marie Antoinettes reveals an insidious, widespread, and totally accepted form of misogyny -- one that masquerades as engaged cultural critique while rehearsing and repeating the very same sexist salvos most enlightened men and women have long banished from their vocabularies.


As we celebrate LGBT Pride Month, I want to proudly reinforce my continued commitment to the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender members of our federal family, and recognize the incredible contributions this community has made in service to the American people.


Mo Elleithee loves politics so much, he's quitting it. The practice of politics, that is. He still has faith and a passion for the perfection of politics -- with hope that a new generation will find better strategies than his has.



Pentagon analysts make a credible case that climate change-related sea level rise threatens our coastal transportation systems. In addition, they warn that increasingly extreme weather events are potential disruptors of domestic energy supply and distribution.
The cynicism of Republican legislators has reached new heights with the upcoming Supreme Court  lawsuit against Obamacare subsidies with hearings that began Wednesday.  Because their lawsuit won't succeed, just as the more than 50 other attempts to block Obamacare haven't succeeded.













Workers today need to be saving much more for retirement than their predecessors. That they have not signals an impending retirement income crisis. The Center for Retirement Research projects that 52 percent of today's working households will not have adequate income in retirement -- around two thirds when one takes health and long-term care costs into account.
Many observers of this year's Eurovision Song Contest noted that it was the most emotionally and politically charged event in the festival's 60-year memory.
Even with Medicare and Medicaid, tens of millions of Americans lack access to adequate medical care. Many millions have been plunged into bankruptcy because of medical expenses. Obamacare was established to deal with these stark facts. The case of Luis Lang demonstrates that Obamacare is only a step in the right direction.
U.S. policymakers need keen understanding of the history and religious tensions between Sunnis (primarily in Saudi Arabia) and Shiites (so dominant in Iran) if they want to formulate an objective policy of any positive consequence for the region and beyond.
Conspiracy or no conspiracy, is that not always the question? Most sensible political observers think that Graham, who has been in the Senate since 2003, is simply ready to \move up or move out.\

The President of the United States is tired. Barack Obama, who came into office with so much hope and promise in 2009, is now simply marking time in the White House, steeling his resolve against years of bitter, relentless defeats that have stripped away his once-inspiring loftiness of purpose.
On May 7, Amarin Pharma filed an unusual lawsuit against the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), arguing that the agency's drug regulations violate the company's First Amendment free-speech rights. If Amarin prevails in its litigation, the repercussions for patient and public health will be dire.
While others preach \family values\, Biden lives it. To know the Bidens -- mother and father, wife and children, sisters and brothers -- is to appreciate anew the meaning of family.

At last month's JFK Jr. Forum, Jason Furman, who served in President Obama's administration eight months before it was formed, talked with Larry Summers, former President of Harvard and U.S. Secretary of the Treasury, in a fireside chat on the current state and future of the U.S. economy.



For many progressives, the Obama presidency has become a battle of trying to figure out how to celebrate historic achievements while at the same time dealing with disappointment.
President after president has promised that the U.S. will compel foreign nations to meet labor standards established in free-trade agreements. They haven't. They probably can't. And American workers and politicians should stop buying it. The U.S. can sign trade agreements with countries after they stop murdering trade unionists and countenancing child labor.
The country is saddened, and party doesn't matter. We all share the family's loss because it can happen to any one of us. It did to me, and while I know some friends and FB acquaintances are tired of my efforts to bring child loss to the national discussion, the loss of Beau Biden compels us to talk about it.



I join the American family in mourning the death of former Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden to brain cancer. He was a joy to his loved ones, an advocate for our most vulnerable, and a Bronze Star Army Captain who fought for veterans and military families. Many politicians preach family values -- Beau Biden lived them.



In the spring of 1915,  Italy was moving towards war. Originally part of the Triple Alliance with Germany and Austria-Hungary, Rome had opted for neutrality when the war broke out.


This week, the presidential race began to resemble 19 Kids and Counting -- fitting, since they're both reality shows many would like to see taken off the air. On Tuesday, Bernie Sanders jumped in. On Wednesday, it was Rick Santorum. Thursday brought us George Pataki. (Talk about your Throwback Thursday!) Yesterday, Martin O'Malley tossed in his hat and next week, Lindsey Graham and Rick Perry are expected to do the same. Not to be out-shined by the new entrants, on Thursday \senior campaign officials\ for Hillary Clinton gave a briefing about a rally to be held next month. Can't you feel the excitement? Just another year and a half -- and 241 debates -- left and it'll be over. If only the oncoming flood of clich\u00e9s, bromides and platitudes could be monetized and exported, our economy, which this week was revealed to have shrunk by 0.7 percent last quarter, would be a juggernaut.



I have little experience relevant to this job that I do not intend to do, and I'm willing to put forth no effort at any point during this campaign. But with George Pataki entering the race, I realized that I, too, am a largely unknown heterosexual white man in America. Even Bob Ehrlich is thinking about getting in. If they can, why not I?



After Obama, it's going to be hard to sell another inexperienced candidate. Normally, Americans go for outsiders -- candidates with fresh new ideas, uncontaminated by political experience. But or the first time since 2007, a majority said experience is more important than fresh ideas in a recent CBS-Times poll.



All great campaigns start with an unequivocal moral argument and as Frederick Douglass taught, making very clear demands on those in power.




June 2 would have been Hadiya's 18th birthday, but because of a shooting on January 29, 2013, her young life ended. She loved this city and she had dreams


I know that sounds like a dramatic thing to say, but when more than 100 major corporations find it too embarrassing to be associated with you anymore, you know things have to be pretty bad. And what drives me crazy is that my tax dollars are subsidizing ALEC's corporate lobbying.







We're going to begin today with a rather loaded question

Perkins, who died 50 years ago this month, is one of our nation's greatest heroines. Her remarkable life should inspire us to continue the battles she fought. Many of the issues she worked on -- including wage theft, discrimination against women workers and the rights of immigrant workers -- remain problems today. Anyone who fights for social justice stands on her shoulders.
On Wednesday, Hillary Clinton visited South Carolina for the first time since her defeat in the 2008 election primaries.  This time around, she didn't waste any time getting to the issues while addressing the South Carolina Democratic Women's Council at their third annual Day in Blue event.

Rather than exercising critical legislative oversight of the intelligence community's most controversial activities from paramilitary drone strikes to N.S.A. bulk collection of phone records -- Mr. Burr all too often is a cheerleader for whatever is going down.

People are impatient for a real champion. This is not a time to be safe, sit back, read polls, and wait out controversy. The economy simply is not working for most of us, and people know it. People see that the game is rigged and want proposals for transformative change.
VA mismanagement is not the problem but rather a symptom of a bigger problem. We really do need to find a way to instill accountability in the federal bureaucracy.
Auditioning. That's what comes to mind when I think about the dynamic in the media and tone of local and federal governments as it relates to police brutality and holding law enforcement accountable for the perpetual killing of Black men.



Democrats invented it. Republicans are adopting it. Win elections, the theory goes, by fiercely adopting the social issues dear to the base of your chosen party, while rejecting its economic orthodoxy.
As Iranian-Americans, we and our community leaders should have the self-confidence to speak out against all forms of injustice perpetrated against the Iranian people, especially when lives are at stake. That is a unifying cause worthy all of us.


As we struggle to delineate the upper limits of the United States justice system, ideas of human rights and financial concerns render the situation much more complex than ancient forms of punishment and torture. The trial and conviction of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev brings this conflict to the forefront.
Think of this as a little imperial folly update -- and here's the backstory. In the years after invading Iraq and disbanding Saddam Hussein's military, the U.S. sunk about $25 billion into \standing up\ a new Iraqi army.


Last month, the Oakland-based health care provider fired a respected psychologist, Dr. Alex Wang, who had reported to state regulators a pattern of illegal and unnecessary delays in providing mental health care.

With a population of more than 8.6 million people, the world's most diverse city is also home to 46 percent of the UK's ethnic minority population and over 300 languages are spoken here.

Each year about 60 times more Americans die from boating than from abortion. While the risks are not directly comparable, having a boat is clearly more dangerous than having an abortion. Hence, more boating regulations are needed.
President Obama's executive actions are a first step for helping F-1 students like me. The actions will allow students to extend their time in the U.S. and keep contributing to this country after we earn our degrees.


I grew into adulthood and under certain Republican and hawkish narratives.
Nothing illustrates better the moral and intellectual bankruptcy of the Republican war hawks who call themselves presidential candidates than their attempts to whitewash the history of how this nation went to war in Iraq.

I'm beginning to think that contemplative, analytical thinking is not an inherited trait handed down to the Bush children.


Ever since the American Revolutionary War, a startling statistic has emerged

Imagine an alternative universe in which the two major Cold War superpowers evolved into the United Soviet Socialist States. The conjoined entity, linked perhaps by a new Bering Straits land bridge, combines the optimal features of capitalism and collectivism.
One of the goals of the Affordable Care Act was to make it easier for people to comparison shop for coverage. Prior to the availability of the exchanges created by the law, that was next to impossible for people who didn't have access to employer-sponsored coverage.
For the last quarter of a century, NAN and I have advocated on behalf of many victims of racial violence at the hands of police. But in all those years, I've never seen a situation that will force a national election to deal with policing as I do now. Translation
The question that we wanted to pursue with this line of inquiry is essentially
If the voices and concerns of ordinary Americans aren't at the center of this debate, we can expect the ticking time bomb of urban unrest to explode in more and more communities. Without major reforms, the recent upheavals in Ferguson and Baltimore may simply be a precursor to a wave of 21st century riots.
Hillary Clinton told supporters that if elected she will appoint Supreme Court justices who would overturn Citizens United, according to a Washington Post report. This is good news for our democracy -- but the Court's role in helping wealthy interests dominate politics goes far deeper than one bad case.
Senators who voted last week to Fast Track ratification of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) call it a free trade deal, but really, it\u2019s forced trade imposed on protesting American workers who have endured its damaging effects for decades.
Conservatives rhapsodize about the \free market\ and condemn government intrusion. Yet the market is rigged. And unless government unrigs it through bold antitrust action to restore competition, the upward distributions hidden inside the \free market\ will become even larger.


The conventional wisdom among Democrats is that Rubio's departures from Republican orthodoxy will doom him in the primaries. This is a curious strategy for Democrats since it relies on the Republican right to rescue Clinton from a formidable opponent. It also is likely wrong.
This Memorial Day, as families and friends gather, we must pay homage to those who gave their lives for us. We must do everything we can to support the loved ones of the fallen as we mark Memorial Day and always. The United States is the greatest country in the world because of their sacrifice.
Popular engagement with the country's misadventures abroad just isn't what it used to be. Salutes to uniformed servicemen lack the enthusiasm they used to have in the heyday of the war on terror. So, here are some suggestions on how to impart new energy to America's wars.


As the Obama administration gropes for answers to the challenge of the Islamic State, it appears that their new stratagem is to place their hopes in Shiite-dominated Iran, a theocracy that hates America as much as the Islamic State, and which itself is despised by the Sunni Muslim community  al-Baghdadi and his caliphate represent.



Despite my effort, many historians continue to see only white soldiers' suffering and death during the war. But what about those who did not wear the Union blue or Confederate grey but died in the same war often alongside of white soldiers? How we might remember their death and suffering?

With these four new trump cards on the table, the odds against fast-track get better -- and almost certainly the next Presidential election will put the candidates of both parties to the test. Trade diplomacy's House of Cards looks ever shakier -- even if it doesn't topple in the next few months.
Nearly everyone honors our war dead. More ignored are the military dead who died following the wars. Far too often, family and loved ones were abandoned to cope with wounded who would never really recover. Perhaps it is time to discuss when politicians ignore veterans when no one is watching.
I don't get why the Clinton Global Initiative (CGI) does not come out and tell us more about it projects. I can tell you about the one that caught my attention.





Terminal High-Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) has not been demonstrated to work effectively. It pushes China and North Korea to spend more money on more missiles to overwhelm THAAD (just as the U.S. is moved to spend more money on missile upgrades to counteract the missile defense of other countries). And it is a poor substitute for arms-control negotiations.
This was a week of endings. It kicked off with the Mad Men finale, which ended [SPOILER ALERT] with Don Draper meditating on a hilltop, just before we see the famous, \I'd like to teach the world to sing,\ Coke ad from 1971. Did Don create it? The series is over, but the debate lives on. Next, David Letterman -- after 33 years of smart, stupid, silly, absurd, cool, game-changing comedy -- signed off with a pitch-perfect finale, and a sincere, \Thank you and goodnight.\ Less bittersweet was Jeb Bush continuing to say goodbye to his senses, following up his Iraq debacle by claiming that it's \arrogant\ to say there's a scientific consensus that climate change is man-made. No, what's truly arrogant is denying future generations a livable planet. Continue down this road, and the earth will say goodbye to us all. Now there's an unambiguous finale.


Robots have indeed eliminated a great deal of factory work and are rapidly moving on to product design, medical diagnostics, research, teaching, accounting, translating, copy editing, and a great deal more. Once-secure professions are no longer safe. From that, many economists conclude that we may just have to adjust to a high plateau of unemployment. That assumption is malarkey.

The U.S. has the most powerful military in the history of the world, but it should not be utilized as a political tool or for retribution. The government and its leaders must do their best to make the right decisions, to be truthful with the American people, and to provide all the necessary support needed to fulfill the military's mission. Unfortunately, this has not always been the case.
Thanks to a 20-year push to avoid making the NAFTA mistake twice, there is now a progressive coalition capable of tossing fast track and corporate-giveaway trade deals into the fiery depths of a congressional volcano. The House of Representatives could very well be the Trans-Pacific Partnership's Mount Doom.


The press to fast-track TPP is a sellout of democracy, but it is also a symptom of a deeper collapse of faith in American self-government.  Increasingly, people who want to get something done find ways around democratic lawmaking

Democrats continue to blame President Bush for beginning the war, in the first place, while Republican candidates are attempting to turn the tables by blaming President Obama for abandoning Iraq. In reality, Republicans and Democrats both share responsibility for Iraq's dismal state of affairs.
Some states make the needy jump through hoops. For their own good, of course...





It's one of those rare weeks in Washington where Congress deigns to actually do their job and vote on some stuff... before lapsing back into their default status, which is of course



We must recognize that striking the \right\ balance between personal liberty and national security requires constant attention and reassessment. This is especially true following periods of crisis, when there is understandable pressure to tip the scales in favor of national security.
I was struck by how accessible she seemed. The veneer I am so accustomed to encountering in politicians was entirely missing.





On Thursday, May 21, 2015, at Post University, about 58 leaders and educational change agents from the great state of Connecticut met at the first annual conference series aimed at preventing tragic events of lethal school violence.

The good folks at Far Rite Records have just released Neocon Gold
If the last 15 years have taught us anything, it is that repression will breed violence, not only against those practicing it directly, but also against their patrons, sponsors and enablers. Authoritarianism -- far from being the solution in the Middle East -- is in fact the problem.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) is playing \beat the clock\ when it comes to the continued authorization of the NSA accumulation of phone data of US citizens. June 1 is the deadline and there is no consensus on how to go forward.

All those who criticize President Obama's handling of foreign policy -- which includes the entire Republican presidential field, it almost goes without saying -- should really have to detail precisely what they'd do differently. The voters really do deserve an answer to this question, since these people are running to take Obama's place in the White House.




Why is this still an issue? Why are we still arguing and attempting to legislate something that has already been proven unconstitutional? Why was the man who filmed the arrest of Freddie Gray in Baltimore arrested, with no probable cause, along with countless others over the years?

Think today's veterans are mostly suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder and barely making ends meet? According to a recent report by Got Your Six, just the opposite is true--today's veterans tend to be engaged citizens, more likely to volunteer and vote than the general population.









When Secretary of Veteran Affairs Bob McDonald visited the Harvard Business School last month, we had a chance to talk to him, following his lecture and introduction by host and Ernest L. Arbuckle Professor of Business Administration Rosabeth Moss Kanter.
Understanding the living legacy of Malcolm X - and joining causes together as one unified front - allows us to focus on the successes and challenges of ongoing struggles, rather than lamenting a lost era.
The \model minority\ label makes things worse for large sections of these communities, because their needs are often overlooked or misunderstood and then rarely addressed in government programs and by social-service organizations. Lack of disaggregated data perpetuates this label.
Courting Arab leaders precisely as they undermine U.S. objectives gets it almost exactly backward. America's failures, under both Barack Obama and George W. Bush, stem from its unwillingness to break with allies taking actions that will result in disaster.

Former First Brother Jeb Bush sure popped the top on a can of worms when he was asked if he would have made the same decision his older brother did to invade Iraq in March 2003.


As established in 1963 by President John F. Kennedy, May is designated as Older Americans Month in the United States. The month provides an excellent opportunity to celebrate this Nation's older adults and our programs that are working.


Getting 12 Asian and North American countries to agree on a massive free trade agreement that will impact their entire economy is sometimes easier than reaching across the aisle in Congress.
Congressional leadership is badly needed to stop the reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank and let its charter expire in June. Speaker Boehner's recent comments are an encouraging sign.
Initiative 42 matters to a group of dedicated and hard working Mississippians who have raised more than $2 million and organized as 42 for Better Schools to pass this important initiative.
This week, another Bush got caught in an Iraq quagmire with no exit strategy. When Jeb Bush was asked if he'd have authorized invading Iraq knowing what we know now, he replied, \I would have.\ He continued to flail all week, saying on Wednesday that such \hypotheticals\ are a \disservice\ to the troops, and on Thursday that he \would not have gone into Iraq.\ The jaws that rightly dropped in response to his floundering were notably bipartisan. Laura Ingraham declared \there has to be something wrong with you,\ and Byron York said it was \a step backward\ for the GOP. It's shocking that Jeb didn't have a prepared answer to this elephant sitting in the middle of his campaign headquarters, but heartening to see how far establishment thinking has come on Iraq. And given the speed with which Jeb shifted gears, who knows, by next week he might be demanding that those who led us into that disastrous war be held accountable.
As former Governor Jeb Bush (R-FL) flails about trying to use his family name to attract financial and elite support while also desperately trying to distance himself from his brother's disastrous record, there is another problem he cannot run away from
Jeb and TPP had second chances this week -- will they work? And what explains Stephanopoulos's gift to the Clinton Foundation? Rich Lowry and David Corn of National Review and Mother Jones debate these three \oops's\. Then

I asked GOP presidential candidate Carly Fiorina what specific agencies and/or programs she would cut in order to streamline the federal government, at the South Carolina Freedom Summit. Rather than name specific agencies or programs, the former Hewlett Packard CEO named the following actions she would take.





The essence of freedom is the freedom to think for oneself. And that is intolerable to the jihadist. From the fatwa issued against author Salman Rushdie by Iran's ayatollahs, to the recent Charlie Hebdo slaughter in Paris, the jihadist allows no dissent from religious dogma.




Jeb Bush, in case you haven't heard, spent the entire week coming up with a believable answer to one question After watching Bush twist in the wind this week, we can't help but wonder if the 2016 Republican nomination race is going to closely resemble the 2008 Democratic nomination fight.

The New York Times' coverage of Congressional antics related to the Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) legislation has ignored so many critical aspects of the bill that it might be time for the \paper of record\ to change its motto from \All the news that's fit to print\ to \All the news we think fits, we print.\






You'd think that more than 40 years of fixation on the Middle East, often to the exclusion of more important areas of the world, would at least enable sophisticated media coverage of Middle Eastern politics as it impacts American politics. But no.




A significantly different tone will characterize the upcoming meetings between President Barack Obama and the heads of state of the Gulf Cooperation Council (or GCC, which is comprised of the member states Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain, Qatar, the U.A.E., and Oman) to be held at the White House and Camp David May 13th-14th.
In honor of those who have served, or are serving now, we will all stand. We will remove our hats. Some will salute. Others will shed tears.

Although Indiana is far removed from battleground lists of either party, recent events there and their impact should command the attention of national political operatives on both sides.
A current petition to Whitehouse.gov asks for infertility treatments to be covered by the Affordable Care Act. The fact that it isn't already covered is concerning for a number of reasons.

We still have work to do to fulfill our goal of health care and coverage for every community. We must remove the barriers to care for immigrants, who despite paying into our system, are locked out of affordable health programs. We must also enforce federal protections for language access so that no matter what language you speak, you can access the information you need.
With any luck, the tragedy of Baltimore will be our last and a significant number of Americans may no longer live in fear of those hired to protect and serve them. However, luck has been in short supply for the everyman.
There are many things in life that Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi doesn't like. For starters, he doesn't like to be called \Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.\ His official name is Caliph Ibrahim. \Abu \u0650Baker al-Baghdadi\ was his nom de guerre, used during his underground years in Iraq.
It is thus plain and simple that Jeb Bush, in his precarious balancing act to distance himself from his brother, George W. Bush, only to embrace him when it is convenient, is losing his rhythm  and finesse and, this time, has made a monumental error.
Imagine if, as part of your workplace wellness program, your human resources department and your health insurance company could make you fork over some DNA.
The most recent Pew data show that 48 percent of Americans say they identify as Democrat or lean Democrat, compared with 39 percent on the Republican side. The 2016 Republican primary then, necessarily hinges on how the GOP candidates might be able to adjust to this reality.
The U.S. immigrant detention system serves two legitimate purposes, to ensure that persons in removal proceedings appear for their hearings and (if so ordered) can be removed and, in rare cases, to protect the public.
In May 24, 2015 Ethiopians will be going to the polling stations to cast their vote. According to the National Electoral Bored of Ethiopia, out of 43 million Ethiopians of voting age, 34.9 million have been registered to vote.
The tenth anniversary of the BDS movement is fast approaching, inspiring hope and fear to the respective opponents and proponents of the ongoing domination of Palestinians.
The reality is that family-making today increasingly includes a mixture of sophisticated science, contracts, and negotiations. Unfortunately, at times some of that negotiating is characterized by unequal bargaining power, coercion, international outsourcing, and mechanized deliveries.
Vin Weber is much more than a Bush campaign advisor. He's a lobbyist who has pressed his former colleagues in Congress on behalf of clients like AT&T, the pharmaceutical trade association PHRMA, student loan giant Sallie Mae, and student debt collection companies Navient and ECMC.

Incarceration is not the answer. Pregnant women with substance use disorders need to be identified early in their pregnancies and offered treatment.

Climate change will emerge as a new driver of migration. As the oceans warm, feeding Atlantic hurricanes with ever-great energy, super storms will become more frequent and more devastating, wracking Central America and the islands of the Caribbean, demolishing homes, businesses, and jobs.
When I was little, my favorite book described options for what a girl could aspire to be when she grew up. It told of exciting career possibilities
Observing the expanse of current events and politics today, it is sometimes confusing as to what it is that we are supposed to understand or learn from it all. In this great age of communications and media with access to so much activity, we have a plethora of information and a paucity of wisdom.


Until recently, the pro-gun gallery has owned the issue of gun safety, which they mostly define as keeping guns out of the 'wrong' hands, i.e., crooks, creeps and other undesirables who want access to guns for no other reason than to inflict harm.
The United States spends 50% more on healthcare than any other advanced nation, yet has the worst health outcomes in virtually every category. This means we should be spending less or experiencing improved outcomes. But we see neither. Why?
I have deep concern -- and some dismay -- when the president says that \we are just wrong,\ or we are \satisfied with the status quo,\ or worse, we are \making this stuff up\ when we express concerns about the status of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade negotiations.

In late March, I had the privilege of welcoming Ira Forman to Sweden. Ira is Secretary of State John Kerry's Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism. In this capacity, he travels around the world to shed light on prejudice, hatred and violence against Jews.





At the South Carolina Freedom Summit, Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-TN 7) advocated State Department intervention when asked what role the United States should play in protecting Christians around the world.
The Right Track approach eschews the simplistic, textbook understanding of free trade and recognizes that what \free\ trade is now about is global governance


The individual we elect as president will have the potential to have profoundly important consequences for the Supreme Court and the nation in the decade to come.
During a focus group led by GOP pollster Frank Luntz at the South Carolina Freedom Summit, the mother-in-law of Citizens United president David Bossie compared immigrants to rats and roaches, to the delight of the audience. Bossie is the organizer of the summit, one in a series of cattle calls for GOP presidential hopefuls.

American observers of UK politics would do well to see the U.S. parallels here. The dilemma facing the UK Labour Party is basically the one faced by Democratic presidential candidates as they seek victory in 2016. If either major UK political party fails to find its way, the US stands poised to lose its most reliable European ally.


The study of inequality has been going on forever. To give you an idea, the index used to measure how unequal the distribution of income is -- the \Gini Coefficient\ -- was invented a century ago. So, why the sudden interest? Why worry now about something that has been the fodder of academics, politicians, and the media for so long?

Even if predatory for-profit college companies can hang on for a period, restoring revenues while retaining their abusive practices, the era where they blatantly and arrogantly rip off and students and taxpayers, while Washington politicians and lobbyists do their bidding without apparent shame, is likely near its end.
Scarlett Zuo visits \Chinese American
It was a celebration
Yifu Dong reviews a book of memoirs on the Cultural Revolution Memory of the Storm.
Marin Toscano explores the food industry in China
This week saw the first conservative government reelected to a second term in the U.K. since Margaret Thatcher's. Returns showed David Cameron winning easily, with Labour and the Liberal Democrats losing big. But the other clear losers were the pollsters, along with anyone who believed their predictions of a virtual tie. Pollsters are not exactly on a roll. In March, polls wrongly showed a dead-heat in Israel between the Zionist Union party and Benjamin Netanyahu's Likud, which, in fact, won handily. And here at home, polls in the 2014 midterms overestimated Democrats in Senate races by four percent. As three new candidates -- Mike Huckabee, Carly Fiorina and Ben Carson -- tossed their hats into the crowded presidential ring this week, it's a good time to remind ourselves about the folly of breathless poll-obsessed political coverage. It's the people, not the polls, that matter. And focusing on the horse race at the expense of debating real issues makes losers of us all.
As a mother, I felt optimistic 15 years ago that we could stop the horror of burying our children before their time. Yet today it's easy to despair that nothing will change as few in my legislature even bother to stand up to debate for those who are slaughtered by guns. I cannot accept this.
Michelle Peters discusses how Taipei's riverside park bike path system maintains outdoor green space and a symbiotic relationship with the natural environment, even in the midst of urban expansion.
Emily Feng investigates how China's migrant workers and their children, shut out of the public education system have long pursued education at quasi-illegal \migrant schools.\ Now China is urbanizing again - and migrant education is changing.
David Yin examines the rise of mobile commerce in China and its potential impact on the composition of the nation's economy.
Zara Zhang examines the experiences of Chinese students studying abroad in the United States.
Qi recounts three stories of students making to college through ways other than the Gaokao.
Lillian Foote discusses how foreign and domestic universities are linking up in China to create new learning environments.
Wenbin Gao reviews the popular Chinese blockbuster, Gone with the Bullets, directed by Jiang Wen.
Megan Ruan examines the emergence of eco-cities as a potential solution to Chinese environmental and economic troubles.
Nathan Williams assesses the uncertain future of Chinese investment in Latin America.


If, Senator Cruz, you believe that the United States military is a political tool of its civilian leadership, you have reached a conclusion unsupported by fact, history and good sense. Even a Princeton and Harvard Law man should know the difference. Also, it makes you the rudest Canadian we've ever run across.





The past 25 years have produced stunning gains for the politics of inclusion. Despite continuing police brutality and persistent glass ceilings, this is a more accepting nation. All of these gains were the fruits of popular struggle, which has to give one some hope that inequality is at last breaking through as a top-tier political issue.
The trade deals negotiated by the last three presidents have lowered U.S. wages, lost jobs and generated a chronic trade deficit. President Obama's main argument that exports have risen, without mentioning that imports have risen much faster, is now transparently deceitful to anyone who can add and subtract.
When it comes to the 2016 field of Republican presidential candidates, the rule of thumb this time around is obviously going to be \the more, the merrier!\ The number of officially-announced Republican candidates actually doubled this week.
The TPP and other trade agreements create an economic race to the bottom, creating a nation of Walmart shoppers rather than family wage jobs and an economically and environmentally sustainable future.







Senator Bernie Sander's announcement that he will seek the Democratic Party nomination for the presidency creates the best possible circumstances for Liberals and traditional Democrats to get their policies accepted as a mandate for action. Now Liberals have to focus on promoting the delivery mechanism.
In this era of truce, the US and Iran can dialogue about regional problems rather than seeing the absence of diplomacy exacerbate existing conflicts. Yet, in spite of this pending historic achievement, dark years await the Middle East.
While EB-5 has been on the legislative bargaining table for a number of years, the recent development of retrogression conditions makes debate on program reforms all the more urgent.
Many people have never had health insurance, or maybe not for years, and have trouble getting clear information about what's included in their coverage, such as preventive care, checkups and routine tests.
Anderson's preoccupation with activism leads him to miss out on a crucial point that all defenders of limited government should be able to agree upon
In simple terms
Never before have the dietary guidelines garnered so much public attention, and for good reason.
Late last year, working with an impressive array of more than twenty institutional partners, the Insight Center for Community Economic Development launched an important new initiative.
The U.S. stands alone with Papua New Guinea in having no paid leave program for new mothers. By comparison, all of the countries we trade with and a total of 178 nations across the globe have a form of paid family leave, usually for women after childbirth but in many countries, for men as well.
One October morning in 2012, my cell phone rang. It was John Heyburn. In his genial, straightforward manner, he asked, \Can you meet me for lunch in ten minutes at Austin's?\



During Public Service Recognition Week, Remember the Unsung Heroes of Hurricane Sandy

The 21st century has skewed off plan and begun to break open. Its self-designated guardians and explainers look on, at times, confused. \But at least 15 police officers have been hurt, 200 arrests, 144 vehicle fires -- these are statistics. There's no excuse for that kind of violence, right?\
You don't have to know much about the \trade\ deal called the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) to be more than a little suspicious.

Whether one enjoys Charlie Hebdo's cartoons or finds them offensive, George Orwell's words seem to capture the heart of the matter

As a society, we have accepted the disruptions to life the very privileged and the very powerful visit upon us.  I am concerned about the disparity of privilege, rights, and sanctioned behaviors that we tolerate and are told to get used to.


Nike is great at making iconic commercials and catchy slogans, but it's not really great at making American manufacturing jobs.



Technology affords us a new hope. With the advent of the iPhone we're in a national state of shock  regarding the incredibly destructive \shoot first\ culture of many police departments. This shock could lead to major reform that could uplift and save so many lives.




Last year, Colorado voters defeated by a 2-1 margin a \personhood\ amendment that aimed to outlaw all abortions and many forms of birth control. A similar bill in deep-red North Dakota also went down in flames at the ballot box. So that means that abortion rights are safe in America, right? Sadly, no.


What most people don't know is that the exclusion of home health care workers from fair pay is a deliberate and racist wrong that stretches back to Depression-era America, where it was written into our nation's labor law to accommodate Southern segregationists.
At the core of the debate between liberals and conservatives is a dispute over whose policies are better for economic growth, and particularly for the middle class. A new studyby Bryan Dettrey and Harvey D. Palmer suggests one way to test this question -- by examining how economic growth differs under Republican and Democratic presidencies.
When the CVS stores go up in flames and local stores are looted, politicians denounce what's happened and demand an instant return to law and order, while calling on police departments to wear body cameras and rethink their attitudes. But there's another reality that has to be faced.

History offers D.H. Lawrence's warning that influential people shouldn't stimulate others' \personal, superficial, temporary desires\ but \tell us of our own deeper desires.\ The powers that conservatives champion have been doing the former, with increasing velocity.
If you're someone who wants to lessen the dominance of concentrated wealth over our political system, end the revolving door between Wall Street and Washington, significantly reduce income inequality and avoid foolish wars, do not be deceived that Hillary Clinton is your ally.




Over the past year, many major anniversaries were celebrated. 2014 marked the start of World War I a century earlier, tragically known as the \Great War\ and the war to end all wars.

A wave of ethical discussions and admonitions recently appeared after Chinese scientists reported successfully editing an embryo's DNA.
Baltimore and Nepal are neighbors. What they share is the radical inequality in the world.

While the Tea Party, and Republicans, have denied that their war on the poor isn't racially biased, they occasionally slip up.




Hillary Clinton, please take a moment to thank Rep. Steve King for his tremendously effective effort to assure your election in 2016. When it comes to rapidly ascendant American Latino and Asian-American voters, Steve King and his radical ideas are the equivalent of several, well-funded SuperPacs dumping money in Hillary Clinton's favor.
If the Trans-Pacific Partnership is enacted, big corporations, Wall Street, and their top executives and shareholders will make out like bandits. Who will the bandits be stealing from? The rest of us.


Thinking I'd write a piece on the 45th anniversary of the deaths at Kent State, I realized I'd already written it -- five years ago. There's not a lot I'd change in this, although there's some comfort in the knowledge that unemployment has dropped from the 9.9 percent of 2010

If we are going to discuss the effectiveness of federal policies in our cities -- and we should -- it is time to discuss as well why some states continue to benefit systemically to the disadvantage of others, with little or no benefit to show for it in terms of relative progress as measured by socio-economic indicators.

This week, the nation's eyes were on Baltimore and the protests over the death of Freddie Gray. The media, once again, focused only on the most sensationalized elements -- in this case, a CVS being looted, footage of which looped endlessly -- ignoring both the long historical context for the anger and the substance of the more representative non-violent protests. But those protesters' calls for justice were, in fact, being heard. On Friday, Baltimore City State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby charged the six officers involved in Gray's arrest with a range of crimes including murder and manslaughter. \I've heard your call for 'no justice, no peace,'\ she said in announcing the charges. Whatever happens in this particular case, it's clear the problems with our justice system go beyond Baltimore. A start on fixing them would be putting as bright a spotlight on the underlying issues as we do on a looted drug store.
Over and over again, anti-gay groups have trotted out clergy and chaplains as beleaguered minorities whose rights are being trampled. And over and over again, this line of reasoning intentionally misconstrues the relationship among religion, law and marriage.
Strong gun laws are not equivalent to taking guns away from citizens. To the contrary, they consist of transparent rules and procedures designed to manage the possession, storage and carrying of firearms in order to limit access to legitimate users alone.



Bernie Sanders deserves the Most Impressive Democrat award this week, because he threw his hat in the ring. No, he is not Elizabeth Warren. But, more importantly, he is running to become president, which she is not.

The comments came after Walker, an unannounced candidate for president, used an appearance on an Iowa radio show to publicly attack a bipartisan criminal investigation into his campaign as a \political witch hunt\ with the aim of \trying to intimidate people.\


So when I read about Freddie Gray, it brought the fight for change into focus. Yes, I can blog and tweet and march and hashtag -- and I will -- but as a political organizer by heart and habit, I believe my calling is to insist that the candidates I support take action to create jobs and justice.

Passenger ships had continued to ply their trade between Britain and the United States since the start of the war. One such vessel was the Lusitania, which had made regular transatlantic sailings between New York and Liverpool via Queenstown in southern Ireland.
Our annual Khalil Gibran \Spirit of Humanity\ Awards Dinner serves as a reminder of why we do the work we do. It speaks to us of the goals we've set for ourselves, the progress we've made, and the challenges we continue to face.

How many times a day do we hear that China is the world's second largest economy? Or even that China has already knocked the United States from the top perch? Just because something is said a lot doesn't make it true.




While many Court observers believed that the Supreme Court would recognize same-sex marriage as constitutionally protected in this case, oral arguments did not reveal how the Court would decide. The case is Obergefell v. Hodges, and because it comes at the end of the court term, a decision is expected soon.
Today as the U.S. wages simultaneous land and drone wars in several countries, the lessons of the Vietnam War are under attack as never before.

President Obama said that he would sign the bill that was passed unanimously by the SFRC last week.  Unfortunately, several Republicans are trying to make use of this bill to derail the negotiations with Iran and kill a final agreement.
When I use the word \unthinkable\ in connection with the Supreme Court under the leadership of Chief Justice John Roberts, I typically have in mind the long line of unthinkably bad decisions the court has issued since Roberts assumed office in 2005.



It is a dark secret that tobacco companies make more use of these agreements than perhaps any other industry. There have been at least thirty trade and investment cases brought on behalf of big tobacco. The TPP will spur more.

The night I was ready to riot was in the spring of 1979 in Chicago. Chicago's \finest\ had been on the move for weeks, having fun attacking the gay community. Gay clubs were harassed regularly, almost one a week.

Before Nepal and Baltimore seized headlines, news that a CIA drone strike mistakenly killed an innocent American hostage in January momentarily energized our meager debate on drones.  It is time for us, as Americans, to exercise our responsibility as citizens and take control of the debate.

President Obama would make the world a much safer place if he took U.S. land-based nuclear missiles off hair-trigger alert. He has called the policy a \dangerous relic of the Cold War,\ and a number of high-ranking military officers and government officials agree. So why hasn't Obama done anything about it?
The GOP can never pass up an opportunity to make themselves look like complete buffoons, and a protest following the funeral for Freddy Gray, who died from a severe spinal cord injury while in police custody, is no exception. Why display compassion, understanding, and leadership when you can jump on the opportunity to display disdain, contempt, and bigotry?


Hey, if you really want a fair flat tax, eliminate all income tax. Loopholes and creative accounting and off-shore bank accounts give the wealthy endless opportunities to cheat. Instead, the government should rely entirely on sales tax.
Here's a simple exercise that will help you comprehend the horrific magnitude of the loss of human and, more specifically, Vietnamese life during that war.
We need to set an example to the world, which is facing a recession of democratic governance. Exploring ways to empower the people's vote would be the biggest innovation in governance in a long, long time.


The brave members of the Tsarnaev jury have been relentlessly exposed to the grim face of death and extreme injury caused by the defendant. Before reaching the momentous decision that confronts them, they deserve to hear directly what the victims think and feel.

Unlike the police, firefighters do not have a public perception problem. They aren't perceived as an occupying army and they don't need a Department of Justice database to keep track of how many people they kill annually.
As a nation, we must decide in the very near future whether protecting religious ideology is more important than protecting the vulnerable among us. Congress may have started down the wrong path on this issue, but the American people can pressure our elected representatives to reverse this course.
The class bias in turnout affects the economic liberalism of the state legislature. Specifically, when class bias is low, the liberal opinions of the public translate into liberal policy. But when class bias is high, liberal public opinion has no effect on policy.

Last night, I was joined by Columbia University professor and Nobel Prize-winning economist Joseph Stiglitz, one of the nation's most outspoken advocates on the critical issue of income inequality.
The issues that emerge in American political campaigns leave many of my foreign contacts puzzled.  Instead of thinking through big issues, we focus on the trivial.  The female problems that bedeviled Gary Hart and Bill Clinton would barely raise an eyebrow outside of the states.
American exceptionalism reflects the belief that Americans are somehow better than everyone else. This view reared its head after the 2013 leak of a Department of Justice White Paper that describes circumstances under which the President can order the targeted killing of U.S. citizens.
The Supreme Court decision, when it happens later this year, is quite likely going to set off an argument within the Republican Party -- or, at the very least, that subset of the party who are running for president.

Powerlessness comes from a lack of meaningful choice. Big institutions don't have to be responsive to us because we can't penalize them by going to a competitor. And we have no loud countervailing voice forcing them to listen.
Three events in the week beginning April 20, 2015, show convincingly that the American promise of national and global societal justice is a lie.
When Henry Kissinger returned from a secret meeting in China in 1971, he laid the groundwork for a historic diplomatic opening after more than 20 years of rejecting the Communist Party government.
The Republican platform makes several medical claims that shape its policies. Since public health policy should be based on the best scientific and medical evidence, fact-checking these claims is timely.
My heart aches for the thousands of people who will lose their lives this year to gun violence. The thousands of families who will mourn their loved ones.



Webb's position on college affordability, like much of his record, doesn't fit neatly into any political box. While he has been a staunch defender of rural, impoverished communities in many of his speeches, his positions on college affordability have shown him to be far more to the right than you might think.
As ever more Republican politicians show interest in capturing their party's nomination for the presidency, they spar to outdo each other in depicting government as incompetent, corrupt, or even as the enemy.









Can reasonable people disagree about the issues at hand in the TPP and TTIP? Absolutely. The president is wrong to suggest that his supporters in Congress and beyond are irresponsible when they question these agreements -- particularly given that his administration continues to keep them classified as a \national security\ matter.

Getting up and standing up for music and the people who make it requires us to do more than think about questions of compensation and creation; it requires us to make sure that broader aspects of our copyright laws reflect our nation's values.
With all of America's exceptional qualities, there's also a sense feeling for some that America's time of preeminence is in danger of passing, perhaps to China. There's a notion now that politicians and other leaders aren't doing enough to secure the nation's premier place in the world.

















This week, the White House revealed it really does care about civilians being killed by drones -- at least when they're Americans or Westerners. On Thursday, President Obama expressed \profound regrets,\ and described as \uniquely tragic,\ a January drone strike in Pakistan that killed two al Qaeda-held hostages -- one American, one Italian. But while certainly tragic, it's far from unique. The Bureau of Investigative Journalism estimates that, under Obama, drones in Pakistan alone have killed between 256 and 630 civilians, with at least 66 of them children. In fact, the first drone strike of his presidency reportedly killed at least nine civilians. In the wake of this week's announcement, the president ordered a review of what lessons can be learned from these latest deaths. One we already know
Progressives around the country, working on a variety of issues, have embraced the new May Day movement. It isn't just about workers rights on the job, or immigrant rights, or civil rights, or even about raising the standard of living for all workers. It's about what kind of country we want to be.
The list may be long, and there may be little time or opportunity to confront Clinton with policy questions, however, the more she is given the opportunity and shown the need to define a vision for America that approximates the Liberal agenda, the better off she, and we, will be.


The naval attack in February had alerted Ottoman forces to Allied plans. By the time Allied troops began to land on April 25, Ottoman preparations were complete

Some of the nation's most vulnerable families are headed by young parents, many who juggle poverty-level wages and social shaming. From homelessness and housing insecurity to violence and abuse, these young families face hardships that should be at the top of our nation's agenda.






As the dignitaries and delegates from 50 nations made their way the evening of April 25th, 1945 into the San Francisco Opera House for the opening of the founding conference of the United Nations, they encountered a stage redolent of an Enlightenment aesthetic. It contained four golden pillars.
A nation's refusal to come to grips with its past is more a sign of weakness, than of strength. Making peace with your past makes you stronger and more able to deal with future challenges.  The inability to do so, is disturbing, to say the least. Denial and bullying the victim only delays the recognition that must ultimately come.
Enter Scott Walker's politics of fear. For the party that rhetorically champions self-reliance, the emphasis on creating fear and despair in the electorate is ironic, but effective. Why blame yourself for economic insecurity when you can blame a faceless immigrant plotting to take away your job?
Gays and lesbians have been subjected to a long history of invidious discrimination, sexual orientation is not a matter of choice, gays and lesbians have consistently had their interests dismissed and overridden in the political process, and sexual orientation has nothing to do with an individual's ability to perform in society.

Congress is right to insist upon a role in the process, but it would have been wrong to tie the President's hands as he attempts to negotiate with the Iranian government. On the other side, the President should recognize that his position will be strengthened.
The Middle East tends to be the first answer that comes to mind when we think of where the U.S. sends its young men and women who enlist. However by the end of 2014,  only one middle eastern country made the cut for top five countries with active U.S. military personnel.
The civilized world -- by which I mean coherent nation-states built on democratic processes that embrace tolerance and the rule of law -- can learn from the buffalo.
From one end of the globe to the other, \have-nots\ are looking with envy at the lives of the \haves.\ This is not about ideology or politics. They are not revolutionaries looking to overturn the old order or seeking payback for the legacy of colonial imperialism, rather they are looking to join it and benefit from its bounty.
It's already one of constitutional law's great comeback stories. For decades, Lochner v. New York (1905) was almost universally held to be one of the worst Supreme Court decisions of all time. Today, it is enjoying newfound respect and even admiration within conservative legal thought.
It's remarkable to think that, 20 years after we buried 168 Americans in a horrific of terrorism, we are hearing the same exact perverse philosophy being promoted by Republican candidates running for the office of President of the United States.
The middle class is shrinking, good-paying jobs are scarcer, and providing for a family is ever more challenging. Expanding the number of real opportunities is something we expect our leaders to do something about without screwing it up.
For most of my adult life, I have been aware that Republicans have sought to regulate my body through criminal punishment. But until Tuesday, I did not realize that they had it mind to criminally regulate my gaze as well.
While the five nuclear-armed states recognized by the NPT have focused primarily on non-proliferation, a series of new disarmament initiatives has reinvigorated the debate and mobilized non-nuclear weapon states and civil society groups to bring the longtime vision of a world free of nuclear weapons into reality.

It appears that the Democrats in Name Only Who Bought into Slick Willie Clinton's promotion of NAFTA two decades ago have done an about-face--or perhaps were run out of office?
Scott Walker's budget creates a massive brain drain on one of the most prestigious state schools in America, all under the guise of giving the system \more autonomy\--also known as an attempt to pseudo-privatize another public system.
Ms. Cheryl Rios, CEO of Go Ape Marketing recently incurred a barrage of criticism when she posted on her personal Facebook page her belief that women should not become President of the United States.
In March Petraeus agreed to a lenient plea deal which will likely only result in two years' probation and a $40,000 fine for giving classified information to his mistress and authorized biographer Paula Broadwell.
Whether we're talking about climate change, social inequality, racial profiling, or foreign policy, it often feels like the informed and the misinformed yell past each other, with very little education or progress actually happening.


While Hillary will be constantly defending herself against perpetual scandals and threading a centrist high wire, Webb will focus exclusively on communicating his bold ideas on economic growth, national security, and other major issues important to Americans nationwide.
For years, as U.S. military personnel moved into Africa in ever-increasing numbers, AFRICOM has effectively downplayed, disguised, or covered-up almost every aspect of its operations, from the locations of its troop deployments to those of its expanding string of outposts.

On Friday, April 17, 2015, the recently appointed United States Chief Technology Officer, Megan Smith, organized a gathering of tech-focused community organizers at the White House (or, more accurately, the Eisenhower Executive Office Building).










Many years ago, when I was helping to staff the Department of Defense with senior political appointees, I was present when Bolden turned down a senior position in the administration. During the early days of the Obama Administration, this was just not done.
The fanfare around Hillary Clinton's nomination has been at a fervor for months. Unquestionably she stands as the likely next Democratic presidential nominee Yet, the question remains
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo recently proposed a plan to provide two years of loan payments for graduates of New York colleges who remain in the state earning their degree and make less than $50,000 per year.



Every year, the Department of Defense burns, maims, and kills more than 8,500 goats and pigs teaching combat medicine and training trauma medics. It should go without saying these animals differ from humans on many essential anatomical levels. These differences lead to sub-par training.




Highly educated women may be only a sliver of the American electorate, but they could hold the presidency in the palm of their hands. Instead of seeking to please \the soccer moms\ or the \Reagan democrats,\ candidates should try to win over the \Smart Alices.\ Here's why.
The issue is not really the trumped up issue that McConnell and GOP leaders claimed was the reason for the unconscionable foot-drag on Loretta Lynch's confirmation and that's that they wanted a vote on an anti-human trafficking law. The issue is their die-hard, take no prisoners, assault on Obama.

Beginning with Brigade 2506 until today, Cubans on the island have regarded Cuban political exiles as a function of North American policy dealing with the revolution. In that regard, December 17, 2014 showed that it wasn't the tail wagging the dog, but ultimately the dog doing the deciding.




In looking at Christie's record on college affordability in New Jersey, and his statements on student loans and their impact on families, we get a decent picture of what a Christie presidency could mean for higher education debt.
Two court cases next week will decide the future of Wisconsin campaign finance law, the independence of the Wisconsin judiciary, and will impact the future of presidential candidate Scott Walker. The stakes could not be higher, but the converging cases have garnered little national attention.
Detroit was once famous for creating the largest, most spectacular versions of whatever its residents set their minds to. Few care to admit, however, that the city that was the arsenal of the twentieth century may also provide the blueprint for a more precarious era.





Have you heard? Hillary Clinton is running for president! As we gear up for the 2016 election cycle, I'm particularly interested in the branding direction that Clinton and the other candidates will be taking.
This week, Americans fulfilled part of our responsibility to our government by filing taxes. But the government isn't doing its part in return. First, as a new report by the National Taxpayer Advocate showed, the IRS has been crippled by years of budget cuts, resulting in a \devastating erosion of taxpayer service\ and filing misery for millions. Hold times, which were under three minutes in 2004, are now over 30 minutes. This isn't smaller government; it's broken government, which, for many budget-slashing legislators, is the point. In more news from dysfunctional D.C., Attorney General-Designate Loretta Lynch remains in limbo, her nomination held hostage by Senate Republicans for over five months. On Friday, a clearly frustrated President Obama demanded, \Call Loretta Lynch for a vote...This is embarrassing.\ Meanwhile, the bigger \news\ was the breathless scoop of Hillary Clinton eating at Chipotle. She had, we were told, a chicken burrito bowl (with guacamole). If only our political system -- and media coverage -- were as satisfying.


Last week, Senator Rand Paul demonstrated his concern with college affordability.He wants to allow all tuition and student loan debt to be fully tax deductible. Though this plan would be beneficial to students and their families, critics have pointed out that the wealthy would benefit the most.

If we play it right and if we listen carefully to what our Arab partners are saying to us, the Iran deal can open the door to constructive discussions with allied Arab leaders that will enhance the prospects of peace and stability across the region. My concerns are not with the deal itself, but with how it was done.
Welcome to the Age of the Instant Upload...

We humans have a hilarious abundance of phrases that mean the same thing -- when in doubt, we should err on the side of caution. See, there's another one! The point being, one thing anyone who can read or hear and/or has been living on this planet should not be in doubt about is global climate change.



Strange but true, the \Scooby van\ is now part of our political lexicon. Hillary Clinton herself is apparently to blame for this one, as this was the playful name she came up with for the van she used to get from New York to Iowa this week.
The civil wars that are tearing apart Libya and Syria are precipitating yet another humanitarian crisis as boat loads of desperate refugees attempt to cross the Mediterranean in order to seek asylum in the European Community. Italy, Greece and Malta are bearing the brunt of the rapidly escalating crisis of \Mediterranean Boat People.\

Many journalists lost their lives as they pursued their noble profession that often placed them in harm's way every time their reporting caused some discomfort for a political or militant group.



Much has been done since then to increase security and safety around federal buildings. Sadly, there has been no such progress in eliminating the types of anti-government sentiments that drove domestic terrorists Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols to target federal government employees on that fateful day.

Remember that time Senator Ted Cruz stood before 11,000 students and said, \Today I am announcing that I'm running for President of the United States\ and then everyone wrote about his entrance into the 2016 race? Well, apparently, that wasn't his announcement speech. According to Cruz's communications team

Marco Rubio Enters the Presidential Race

How low will Huntington Memorial Hospital stoop to undermine its nurses' union drive? Dolly Farquhar -- who has worked at the Pasadena, California hospital for 31 years -- just found out.
The GOP have gotten used to a FOX softball press that offers them a national stage to say whatever they want with no push-back. If the little resistance to their BS we've seen in the last few weeks is any indication of what's to come, it should make for an entertaining campaign season.

Last week a handshake, and now, removing Cuba from our Terrorist State list, brings hope for harmony to our natural neighborhood.  Obama's composition is Nobel Peace Prize and the tune is a Shake Heard Around the World. Bravo! Encore!


With presidential campaign politics upon us, it's hard to find areas of agreement among key leaders. But there seems to be one issue that even President Obama, Governor Chris Christie, and a Northern California, Obama-appointed judge can all agree on


You really can buy anything in America in 2015 -- even things you would never guess in a million years that someone wanted to buy. Who knew, before this weekend, that if you donate enough money, you can even become a quasi-cop and go chasing down criminals and assorted poor people in your spare time? Is this an exceptional country or what?

Since the Citizens United Supreme Court ruling five years ago, the influx of big money in politics has distorted Washington's ability to represent the people's interests over corporate interests.


Through a myriad of tax avoidance schemes, the wealthy 1 percent continue to profit using public resources, subsidies and infrastructure while the 99 percent disproportionately pay the bills for it -- all while struggling to pay their own bills, mortgages, student loans, and more. Americans must ask why individual taxpayers are fronting the money for hugely profitable corporations.

We are what we spend. If we let the Pentagon consume the largest part of our discretionary budget, then we give license to be defined in those terms. We will continue to address global problems with bombs rather than diplomacy. We should not be satisfied with that.
Today, millions of Americans will begrudgingly pay their taxes to a government that does not inspire confidence. With public trust in government at near historic lows, many Americans believe that their elected representatives don't care what the average citizen thinks. Unfortunately, they're right. But there is room for hope. More than a dozen new city and statewide anti-corruption campaigns are on the way in 2015 and 2016. There are more than 23,000 municipalities and 27 states where we can bypass entrenched local legislatures and put tough, new anti-corruption laws on the ballot, so citizens can vote on them directly, which means this movement isn't slowing down anytime soon.


\This is a different country we're living in right now, and I think we need to hear a vision that relates to this time, not eight years ago.\ Woof. Sounds like a slap at her as old, out of touch and unfocused. But it isn't. It's a shrewd, necessary and helpful thing to say.
If you live in Dallas and you owe the Internal Revenue Service $900,000 or so, don't worry about it. The IRS is so short-handed down there it doesn't bother with tax scofflaws who owe less than $1 million. It's more or less the same all over the country.

History tells us that 2016 ought to be a Republican year since it's difficult for a political party to win a third consecutive term. But while history may be on the Republican side, the electoral map is not.


We've already seen how Barack Obama has been used to channel white America's racial fears into a complete shutdown of compromise, a cornerstone of American Democracy.   A Hillary Clinton Presidency will look a lot like that.  Lose the racism. Use the gender fear.
Legislators looking to kill Alaska's film subsidy program have driven away the big-budget Hollywood movie Hunter Killer and may have brought a halt to a burgeoning state industry, critics said.



Senator Rubio, you say we cannot go back to the leaders of the past. Your party would elect George W. Bush, Ronald Reagan, or Jeb Bush, instead of you today. Yes, yesterday is over. Unfortunately for you, tomorrow doesn't look so good.


Rand Paul announced his candidacy for the presidency last week under the slogan \Defeat the Washington Machine, Unleash the American Dream.\  Yet he seems to be ready to give the biggest Washington machine of all -- the Pentagon -- a free pass.
In recent years, the U.S. has been involved in a variety of multinational interventions in Africa, including one in Libya that involved both a secret war and a conventional campaign of missiles and air strikes, assistance to French forces, and the training and funding of African proxies.


It struck me that if indeed America delivers a battle between its contemporary political aristocracies, the Bushes and the Clintons, that the challenge for Hillary will be to overcome comparisons not with her Republican rival but with her peripatetic global do-gooding husband.
If the man who coined the term \genocide\ is on tape stating verbatim that it happened \to the Armenians,\ why on Earth can't the United States formally recognize the Armenian Genocide?
Looking into the young faces of Vietnam 2015, hearing their questions about the time when I lived in their country, before they were born, before their parents were born, I kept seeing faces from long ago, all but one of them dead now.
When women own land, we are better off. In 2005, after conducting case studies in Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Ghana and the Lao People's Democratic Republic, the World Bank concluded that having a protected right to land can increase women's access to food, water and safety.
Besides their dependence on the federal government, for-profit colleges have also been criticized for saddling students with huge debt and little earnings improvement. Liberty University again follows their lead.
Iran has been one of Washington's chief antagonists for nearly four decades. But a broad deal to keep Tehran from building nuclear weapons has been reached. Alas, any accord will face significant opposition. Some Americans -- including many Republican members of Congress--fear peace more than war.
As for Hillary Clinton, she and other presidential contenders might heed the words of Albero, who said that the first principle of leadership is \consistency.  When you form a policy, you can't let politics change that policy you believe in.\ He added, \A really true leader can see the consequences of an action down the line.\

The battle of the Texas Dream Act continues. A bill known as SB1819, sponsored by Texas Republican Senators Donna Campbell, Tom Creighton, and Lois Kolkhorst, is headed for the Senate floor to be heard and voted upon.
Clinton's strategy isn't just about winning over the progressive base. It's about energizing the electorate. If all the people who recognize themselves in this video -- the young, the poor, minorities, single women -- actually get excited and turn out to vote (as they did not do in the mid-term elections of 2010 and 2014), Clinton wins. But the devil will be in the details. Clinton cannot sustain this sort of aspirational politics in the more than 18 months between now and November 2015 without getting very specific. In many ways, the most interesting political contest to come is not the battle for the nomination or even the likely campaign between Clinton and her Republican rivals. No, the contest to watch is the fight between the campaign Clinton needs to wage and the one that will be acceptable to her Wall Street sponsors.


The coordination amongst the Arab states, U.S. enablers, and local tribesmen is unprecedented in that it represents the first truly Arab-led sustained combined air-ground campaign in modern history. It has demonstrated that the arena of smart power and force projection no longer exclusively belongs to Western military powers.
Al-Azhar maintains that Islam is a religion of peace, yet is ambiguous in condemning ISIS, all the while using its religious authority to ban a much needed and overdue conversation not only in Egypt but all over the Muslim world. Is it just me or is there something bewilderingly wrong with this picture?


If this force of celebrity star-power and selective memory proves impervious to objective scrutiny and enlightened skepticism, than Hillary Clinton may very well win the next presidential election. In that case, the loser will be America.
Over the next months, they will hear her platform and policy initiatives and realize that she is the right person to be president. Hillary will run a campaign that will reach out across party lines in the same way she did when she was in the Senate.


Hillary Clinton has always been a divisive figure in American politics. But love her or hate her, she's now a two-time Presidential candidate. Perhaps the some of her divisiveness comes from the struggle many ambitious women experience
The PLA's increasing willingness to participate in joint exercises with other nations allows the PLA to showcase the new capabilities that have resulted from its modernization and helps the PLA maintain its security interests in the region and around the world.


After the spate of white cops/black deaths -- and planted evidence in the Scott case -- should we continue to take police at their word when making life-death decisions? Matalin and Reagan debate the Slager killing and whether this time it'll be different. Also
After the spate of white cops/black deaths -- and planted evidence in the Scott case -- should we continue to take police at their word when making life-death decisions? Matalin and Reagan debate the Slager killing and whether this time it'll be different. Also











Her unconventional announcement video indicates that this time will be different. But with about 18 months to go before the 2016 elections, a loaded field of Republican candidates attacking her, and record amounts of campaign money being spent, this campaign will no doubt be most unconventional. And it is only just getting started!

This week delivered a prelude to today's announcement of Hillary Clinton's campaign for president, thus beginning our long national nightmare of breathless fluctuations in swing state polls, manufactured scandals, and faux outrage over faux stories. But it doesn't have to be that way; when the media serves up an unending stream of nothing-burgers (extra Benghazi on that?), we can demand more substantive fare. Like the fact that the 2016 race could be shaping up as a referendum on another war, this one with a country twice as big as Iraq, or that this week the Senate Foreign Relations Committee continued deal-making on legislation that could scuttle the Iran nuclear deal. There are plenty of real scandals to debate -- the declining middle class, our broken justice system, income inequality, the list goes on. So when the fake ones are served up, what we need is a political version of Amazon's Dash Button -- a Who Cares Button. Watch for it as part of HuffPost's 2016 coverage!
Hillary Clinton, who will perhaps coincidentally announce her presidential candidacy on this 70th anniversary of FDR's death, can only hope to match even part of her fellow New Yorker's vast accomplishments.

'Going Out' 2.0 will create stronger and more competitive Chinese SOEs, expanding into sectors traditionally dominated by Western firms, and exerting influence in regions that will raise new geopolitical challenges.


In the House and Senate budget proposals for fiscal year 2016, passed with only Republican votes at the end of March, there are big winners and big losers. The big winners are defense spending and contractors and very wealthy people and powerful special interests. The big losers are children, our poorest group in America, and struggling low- and middle-income families.


By the end of 1915, the Russians forces in the Caucasus had reached a level of about 200,000 men and 380 pieces of artillery. Turkish forces, including Kurdish volunteer units that had joined the Ottoman army, numbered 126,000 men, but only about 50,000 were considered suitable for combat.


Efforts to reverse those changes -- masquerading as \religious freedom,\ \pro-life,\ and \voter fraud\ laws -- are rampant, but if public opinion polls are any guide, the rising demographic of young and diverse Americans will pose an increasingly powerful counterforce to reactionary politicians.
Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice Ann Walsh Bradley managed to hang onto her seat in Wisconsin's most recent election, after raising more than $750,000 and resorting to despicable attacks on her opponent, Rock County Circuit Court Judge.



In May 2006, I wrote a column for Huffington Post entitled
The younger Paul knows that in the political big leagues, candidates of conviction who refuse to moderate their message or refuse to adapt to the prevailing contemporaneous political sentiment, are often abandoned at the alter by the electoral consumer.
Becoming a grandmother has made me think deeply about the responsibility we all share as stewards of the world we inherit and will one day pass on. Rather than make me want to slow down, it has spurred me to speed up.

There's a real chance for change in relations here. We shouldn't let rhetoric put a nail in the coffin of trying to work a concrete deal come June -- and Congress shouldn't either.
Candidates would be well advised to pay more attention to voter opinion, economic realities, and the shifting political tide -- and less attention to the empty racket emanating from the reflexively anti-Social Security and anti-populist peanut gallery.

Offenders are being locked away -- sometimes for months -- for petty crimes, often for what Smith referred to as \crimes of survival.\ Those who commit repeat offenses are not being rehabilitated; they are simply being kept at bay under lock and key.
The situation that led to the killing of Walter Scott by a white police officer in North Charleston, South Carolina is indicative of the crisis created by the growing criminalization of poverty in America and the persistent de-humanization of black people.
We know more than ever before about what works to improve results for young people, their families and communities, and across the country there is growing bipartisan momentum behind shifting public funds toward evidence-based solutions.
This trend of tough residency standards aimed at limiting student voting rights cannot stand. Instead, we should encourage more participation in our democracy from younger people.
As the May 7th U.K. parliamentary elections approach, below are 10 things that any self-respecting U.S. political junkie should know about the campaign to determine who will lead Britain for the next several years.
After a career on the front lines of the drug war, Carlos Toro is making the biggest gamble of his life.
It is truly appalling for Senator Mark Kirk to equate the Obama Administration's diplomacy with Nazi appeasement. As a Jewish-American, I am offended.



Should we give this hope for peace a chance? I believe Christians should answer yes. Here's why.



The one thing that Paul banks on to separate him from the expected large pack of GOP senators is his big pitch to make the GOP more minority-friendly. The hardest part of the sell will be getting minorities to think that they can somehow share the same space in the GOP with the legions of Tea Party adherents.

As long as the war on terror exists, there will be a need for the Patriot Act.  In all likelihood, this is simply the world we live in now.  There are, however, aspects of the Patriot Act that are undeniably in need of revision.



Initially, the English word \drone\ meant both an insect and a sound. It was not until the outbreak of World War II that it began to take on another meaning. However, it was a long time before drones were to be seen cruising above battlefields.
Ms. Fiorina might be able to be a strong candidate, but her path to the nomination will not be easy. There is little reason to think that Republican women will automatically support her; and while Republicans hate big government, many primary Republican voters are not exactly enamored of big business either.



With progressive voice Sen. Elizabeth Warren helping lead the fast track/TPP opposition, and possible candidates Bernie Sanders and Martin O'Malley joining in opposition, it's time for Hillary Clinton to tell people where she stands on fast track and TPP. Will she join with working people and the 99 percent, or will she bend to the D.C./Wall Street crowd?
Robert Putnam's latest bestseller, Our Kids

Huge municipalities like Chicago and Phoenix are drowning in underfunded pensions. Can tax revenue from legalized marijuana save the day?


In 2014, NIH research funding for cancer was $56 million less than it was in 2010. This means we now have to fight for increased funding at a time when potentially monumental breakthroughs are in our grasp. In the war against cancer we've had to open up a second front.

Today's progressives believe that we can do it again, but even better this time, marshaling more of the dynamism of our global economy and including more of the potential of our diverse population.
On March 10, 2015, three U.S. Senators introduced legislation that, if enacted, could reverse federal policy established more than four decades ago. The bill would remove marijuana from Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act -- the most severely restricted of the five schedules.
Having dodged the issue several times before on procedural grounds, many scholars think the prospect of the high court approving of same sex marriage is very likely.  They are mistaken.  It is far more likely that the Court will decide after argument that review or certiorari.
After allegations that a school teacher told her students that \any parent who supports [Obama] is not a Christian,\ officials insist that they have \addressed\ the issue.

Desalination is expensive. It requires a lot of electricity. It takes up valuable coastal land. It may require costly environmental remediation in order to protect marine species. It cost energy and money to pump water up hill to end users.
Like the USW, the United States is a union. It is a collection of diverse states and diverse people. Standing together, they are stronger.
Democratic Party leaders had better get their collective talking points agreed upon and distributed to make their message straightforward
I believe now is the time -- actually, it has been the time for decades now -- to consider new forms of leadership, not only in the Middle East, but around the world. We need to get away from the leaders who demonize the other, who use fear, threat, and actual engagement in war as tools for their own maintenance of power.
Regular inspections will be held by the UN and teams from all nine signatories. Leaders of  these nations will be coming to the White House for a mammoth State Dinner. The Dow Jones Hits 20,000.
The current agreement will not prevent Iran from developing an atomic device in the future, nor will it constrain its ability to develop ballistic missile technology. The agreement will significantly slow down Iran's ability to develop an atomic device and, in all likelihood, delay that eventuality for another 10 to 15 years.

One of the most curious staples of suburban American living, the lawn, seems to have had its day in California. With voluntary cutbacks coming up short of the need, Governor Jerry Brown has ordered a mandatory cut of 25 percent on water use from 2013 levels.
Democrats have learned they can fight back by rallying around diversity and inclusion.  It works, as we just saw in Indiana.  Republicans were shocked -- shocked! -- to discover that gay issues have become just a big a political minefield as race.


Of course, all subsidies, including charitable ones, are liable to abuse. That is not, of itself, a reason not to give them. Crucially, on conservative premises, that is also not a reason to attempt to eliminate all exploitation.
This week, the framework of a deal on curbing Iran's nuclear capabilities was announced. Existing stockpiles of enriched uranium will be reduced by 97 percent, centrifuges by two-thirds, along with what President Obama called a \robust and intrusive\ inspection regime -- if adhered to, the deal would make a bomb impossible for at least 10 years. \It will make our country, our allies and our world safer,\ said Obama. In short, a tentative victory for all. Except, of course, those cheerleaders of the disastrous Iraq War pining to launch a sequel. Speaker Boehner vowed to ask \tough questions\ -- something Congress failed to do 12 years ago in the run up to Shock and Awe. And Sen. Mark Kirk has already trotted out the Iraq playbook, predicting this is \going to end with a mushroom cloud somewhere near Tehran.\ But at least this time around we have a much clearer picture of what listening to cynical references to mushroom clouds can lead to.


What kind of world allows men like ATI's former CEO to be toasted as a humanitarians, while Tiffany Ondich and others defrauded by their schools struggle to make ends meet? President Obama, Secretary Duncan, and their Department of Education need to stand up stronger for students, right now.










Only when the Democratic Party takes Latino voters seriously enough to fully engage them, will their candidates be truly competitive in 2016.

Ron Christie was an advisor to Cheney and his baseless political hucksterism does not qualify him for prison but certainly does bring into question his value as a commentator. Reading from a prepared script does not qualify anyone to be taken seriously, particularly when it is devoid of substantive considerations. He is purely and simply a political hack.
A few months back, he announced a major shift in U.S. policy towards Cuba, ending a half-century of frostiness, and this week the outlines of a deal to avoid a war with Iran were unveiled, thawing a relationship that froze over back in 1979.




The arc of the moral universe is bending toward justice for gays and lesbians faster than any moral rights revolution in history, as evidenced this week in Indiana.
Communities that are still recovering from the Great Recession, and particularly working-class communities and communities of color, need someone who will carry on the work of enforcing the laws that ensure the fairness of our economic and political system. The Senate should act to confirm Ms. Lynch promptly and without further delay.










In 2016 and beyond, Republicans will find it hard to strike a balance between \religious freedom\ and discrimination. They will find it even harder to choose between either \caving\ and alienating their base, or alienating the growing majority of voters and facing a grassroots onslaught.
This is the real truth about disruption

As Israel reflects on increasing instability in the Middle East and political shoring up needed after Netanyahu's election victory, it must remember that the only country in the world that provides it with diplomatic cover in international forums remains the United States
Legislators who supported this bill and then expressed shock at the very existence of an alternative interpretation of its text and its impact in the real world are now scrambling for their political lives.
Now that they've been thoroughly embarrassed by the outrage -- both national and local -- over the law, Indiana legislators will seek to \clarify\ it before their session ends at the end of the month.

The vast majority of Americans clearly seem unhappy with the working of Washington. The president and Congress have overwhelmed the American people with an incredible number of laws that are difficult for the voters and even policy makers to understand.


Looking in the proverbial eyes of my cyber American overseas friends, it is easy to empathize with the difficulty of their new, broad range of tax obligations, reporting, banking, expenses, and gut-wrenching decisions.
Your actions in this regard demonstrate an utter disregard for the law and the importance of being transparent. I hope you can admit to your error of judgement, supply the entire contents of that email server to an independent third party for analysis, and do your best in the future to recognize the gravity of all of your actions while you are representing we the people.
With the recent passing of Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act, a law that basically gives a pass to discrimination as long as it's in the name of God, I've come across a lot of hilarious supporters of the bill who seemed to misunderstand the definition of discrimination.
A \chemical safety\ bill is rapidly moving through the U.S. Senate. Writing in Bloomberg, Paul Barrett decries the \hyperbole\ of those of us who are calling for stronger health and environmental protections than the industry-backed bill delivers.
House Republicans want to convert Medicare into a voucher program, and would like to see the Senate concur. All this ties together as the biggest threat to health care for seniors and the disabled that we have yet seen. Democrats need to discover their spine!
The biggest predicament facing the European Union (EU) is visibility. Across Europe, populist parties on the right and the left end of the political spectrum point towards the European Union as the source of economic and social problems.
Pro-life advocates in Congress recently infected an uncontroversial anti-human trafficking bill that had strong bipartisan support with a contentious amendment that prohibits taypayer-funded abortions. Women's reproductive health should not be the euphemistic football in a match played mostly by and for men in Congress.
Carlisle, Pennsylvania, a community that was there for the Revolutionary War, the Civil War, and educator to the commanders of our all our modern conflicts, has dedicated its resources to fighting the war on the poor. But the evidence this loving community has gathered on the battlefield is ignored.




For far-right activists and legislators concerned about marriage equality and other LGBT rights, Hobby Lobby provided the perfect opportunity



Racism is proving as stubbornly hard to eradicate as the mythical Hydra which sprouted two new heads for every one that was cut off. Until, that is, Hercules found and severed the beast's immortal head. What is racism's immortal head?

It is self-evident that equal opportunity is a necessary quality of a fair society, but to achieve this an inefficient redistribution of wealth is required.
As a military spouse, I am not ashamed to admit my fears. Unlike past generations of military families, the threat is no longer contained to where the war is physically taking place.
Who is the real Ted Cruz? His life is full of double identities and mixed loyalties. He was born in Canada, but puts on extra Texas bravado, going so far as to ask the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court whether or not his cowboy boots would be acceptable footwear.
Corporate interests that spend hundreds of millions a year on state and federal lobbying have grown accustomed to getting what they want at the federal and state levels, but it is much harder to assert corporate control over America's 22,553 municipal and county governments.


Americans now understand what the Indiana \Religious Freedom\ law was intended to do

Two cities, two air campaigns. In many ways completely different from each other, and yet both underscore the growing power and influence of Iran in the Middle East. From Riyadh's perspective, these two conflicts at opposite ends of the Arabian Peninsula are just the opening round.


For almost 30 years, people in Georgia's Fifth District -- and all of America -- have been able to count on this person of unquestionable integrity, someone who shares our hunger for justice and love of the planet.
Every child born in Syria is touched by the conflict. Medical services are crumbling, the economy is on its knees, and the multitudes of jobless have few savings left to live on. The conflict will not stop tomorrow and we are planning ahead. There will be at least five more years of intense humanitarian activity required.


This was a week of both progress and regression. First, Sen. Ted Cruz kicked off his presidential campaign and wasted no time showing what kind of candidate he'll be by claiming that, in the wake of 9/11, he stopped listening to rock and switched to country music. Finding a way, 14 years later, to use 9/11 to pander and divide is as impressive as it is cynical. Next, Indiana Governor Mike Pence found an even older way to divide, signing into law a bill that would, essentially, legalize anti-gay discrimination. On the other side of the progress/regression ledger, the five-year anniversary of Obamacare saw the percentage of uninsured adults fall to 12.9 percent. And, in case you missed it (though your daughter might not have), One Direction member Zayn Malik announced his retirement from the mega-group, citing his desire to relax. When even a One Direction member can choose to go in another direction, it's a reminder that we can all break with the past for a happier, healthier future.

Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) is now apparently undecided how he'll buy insurance, backing away from his Obamacare announcement earlier in the week.

It's been freezing in Washington for the past few months, but it wasn't the nuclear winter some predicted when Sen. Harry Reid ushered in the most important changes to Senate procedure in a generation.
After winning a landslide re-election as governor of California by a whopping 20 points, the 41-year old Brown set out to take down the president he'd beaten in a string of late presidential primaries in 1976.
Democratic Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid has announced that he will not run for re-election. Reid has endorsed Sen. Charles Schumer (D-NY) to succeed him as Democratic leader.


That the Palestinian Arab citizens of Israel have fought for their rights for 67 years and continue to advance in their struggle gives me hope. As we approach this years' \Land Day,\ keep your eyes on this remarkable community. They do, indeed, point the way forward.
Democratic Minority Leader Harry Reid's decision not to seek reelection in 2016 will mark the end of his impressive 30-year career in the Senate. Mr. Reid, one of the least charismatic politicians to rise to his post but who mastered the Senate arcane rules to his party's advantage, anointed Chuck Schumer as his successor.


What if full employment wasn't a necessity in our economy? What if it was okay to not have a full-time position? What if robots stealing our jobs could actually be a good thing, rather than something to fear?


We may see a demand for a deal maker in 2016. For Democrats, that's Hillary Clinton. For Republicans, that's Jeb Bush. If the 2016 election turns out to be a choice between them, it's likely to be close.

On the Ground in Yemen


Earlier this week I sat and listened to Afghan President Ashraf Gahni as he spoke at the Pentagon to acknowledge the sacrifices that the U.S. has made to support his country. As the wife of a soldier who was killed in Afghanistan, I understand that sacrifice all too well.



Sentencing reform will reduce prison populations, but privately run post-release housing, mental health care, and substance abuse treatment programs will not be affected by these measures.


Simply put, the A-10 is the best plane ever designed to support troops in combat. By any nation, anytime. The U.S. Air Force is trying for the second year in a row to get rid of it; there are holes in their arguments.


Is there a way of making those who employ undocumented workers, or those with dubious papers, from falling into unintended criminality themselves? Is there a \third way?\
If the United States is to demonstrate its commitment to preventing atrocities, beyond mere rhetoric, it must lead by example and take decisive action to ensure the elimination of the veto power in atrocity situations. Taking up the cause of France's proposal would be a good next step.
How about a video in which a melting iceberg collapses into the sea as a Koch narrative drones \global warming is a natural phenomenon. There is no human-induced climate change. They Are Koch.\






The Latino National Health and Immigration Survey provides some of the most comprehensive data on Latinos' attitudes toward and interactions with the Affordable Care Act at this important period in the law's history. We provide some of the key findings from this important survey specific to the ACA.
Ethics laws can stop some illegal behavior but they cannot produce ethical individuals.  Ethics laws can assure greater transparency but they cannot, by themselves, produce greater trust.
\In 1998, I lost my reputation and my dignity... I lost my sense of self,\ Lewinsky explained. \When this happened to me, 17 years ago, there was no name for it. Now we call it cyber-bullying.\
The bill would reclassify marijuana from a Schedule I to Schedule II drug; end federal prosecution of medical marijuana in states where it is legal; allow banks to provide financial services to marijuana-related businesses that are operating legally under state law; and allow Veterans Administration physicians to recommend medical marijuana, among other provisions.




At an imaginary breakfast gathering of key Republican and Democratic operatives at one of the awesome Coney Island-style restaurants in the Detroit area (still a lovely place despite what ex-pat Madonna says), instead of coffee and orange juice being served, truth serum was consumed by all the participants.

The March 31st negotiating deadline with Iran over limiting its nuclear programs is upon us. Even if a further extension follows, which is likely, suppose at some future point these negotiations ultimately fail. What options are left?
Could this latest stunt hint at leadership struggles within the GOP? It's an ironic possibility when you consider that the GOP takeover of both houses in January was supposed to herald an era of strong and responsible Republican leadership, not division.

Many of us can relate to the notion of \getting off to a good start.\  For CEOs, a good start may come in the form of a new product that will secure their company's future.
This week, we celebrate five years of progress since the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare or the ACA, was signed into law. Beyond the headlines and politics, the law is changing America.
AdWords can be an invaluable tool for getting the word out, online, about a candidate. It can also break a campaign and lead to ruin if used incorrectly.
We can help all of our citizens have a healthier and more productive future when we let science and public health, and not food industry, cook up our food policy.
Israel would be mad to go the route of political concession and show weakness. The Neanderthals have spoken. There is no compromise with genocidal jihad. It's a no-brainer.
Although both Democrats and Republicans in Congress have introduced bills and proposals about how best to proceed, we live in an era where money and politics take precedence and the question of doing what is \in the best interest of children\ is far too often forgotten or ignored. That must end.
Syrian Jihad
Such restraint has led judges to rubber-stamp patently protectionist regulations, uphold the bulldozing of entire neighborhoods for private economic development, and rationalize their way into upholding Obamacare's individual mandate as a \tax.\
In today's political environment, what was once common sense now requires empirical evidence. Education, more than any single factor, allows individuals the ability to get better jobs and provide for themselves and their families.
I believe that businesses have the right to promote their business models because that is how they make a profit and turn the cogs of capitalism. But, I also think that businesses cannot infringe on the rights of their employees to practice their respective religious beliefs.


During his career in the Navy, Rob O'Neill served as a team leader within the Naval Special Warfare Development Group, also known as SEAL Team Six, and completed more than 400 different combat missions within four dramas of war.
Health care is a human right and fundamental for a moral society. The ACA and its many provisions are important steps on our journey to health justice, a path that requires all of us (healthcare providers, elected officials, public health experts, and \ordinary\ people) to do our part for our fellow Americans.
Emanuel and Cuomo are \progr-actionaries.\ They're reliably left on social issues and reliably right on economic issues like tax policy, unions, and corporate giveaways.
Our current political situation is unprecedented. The vast majority of Americans keep falling behind economically because of changes in society's ground rules, while the rich get even richer -- yet this situation doesn't translate into a winning politics. If anything, the right keeps gaining and the wealthy keep pulling away. How can this possibly be? In the face of all these assaults on the working and middle class, there are many movements but no Movement. The Occupy movement, which gave us the phrase, \The One Percent,\ was too hung up on its own procedural purity to create a broad movement for economic justice. This vicious circle can be reversed, as it has been reversed at moments in the American past. As that noted political consultant Joe Hill put it, as they were taking him to the gallows, \Don't mourn, organize.\
The University of North Georgia says it was an \isolated case of poor judgment.\ Well, maybe they honestly think that it was -- or suddenly realized they should stop letting partially blind Uncle Bubba pick out the catalog pictures.
A thousand political obituaries would be written; a hundred stunned DC pundits would be asking themselves how this could have possibly happened. And in all this conversation, a major underlying narrative would be about the rising progressive tide shaking up Democratic politics.
A world in which consumers feel powerless and uncertain; where companies lack clarity on how the rules of the road apply to their innovations; and where enforcement authorities have vague, limited tools to draw upon is unacceptable.
For decades Congress has recognized that investment in higher education is the pathway to economic growth and a sustainable, healthy workforce, but last week Republicans in Congress released a budget proposal that includes about $150 billion in cuts to student financial aid.
This week began with all sorts of madness. College hoops' March Madness began on Thursday, and if I had a bracket it would no doubt already be busted. Weather madness broke out on Friday, the first day of spring, with a snowstorm on the East Coast. More serious meteorological madness descended as Senator Mitch McConnell launched a national effort to thwart new EPA regulations on coal-fired carbon emissions. This comes as new data showed that the rate of melting on Antarctica's East Ice could lead to a world sea-level rise of at least 11 feet and that -- spring snowstorms aside -- 2014 was the warmest year on record. On Friday, HuffPost's Sam Stein interviewed President Obama, who, when asked about managing stress, said he takes \the long view.\ It's a perspective we'll need -- combined with short-term political urgency -- if we're going to tackle climate change. To do otherwise is true madness.



Unless the campaign financing system is reformed, the U.S. Congress will become paid employees of the people who pay for their campaigns -- the billionaire class. Needless to say, not everyone on the Committee agreed.



The ACA is far more than a concept. It has become a right for the more than 8 million Americans who have gained coverage under the law. Now what conservatives are trying to do is rip away what can be literally life saving coverage.
Polls and surveys show that the middle class has a positive attitude towards profit sharing and the whole idea of employee shares. This evidence is important since the idea of middle class profit shares has been percolating up in policy discussions across the country.

Just when Israel's existence and influence on the world stage is most important for Jews around the world, it cannot afford to risk that for the self-aggrandizement of Benjamin Netanyahu. The way he won his election has weakened Israel, destroyed its credibility and made it far less secure.

Lowry & Corn clash over Netanyahu's win-- Arabs-are-coming plus 3 positions on 2 States in 36 hours. Lombardi & Durocher




Jews have conservative interests and liberal values.  Most Jews vote their values.  So do a lot of other voters whose interests pull them one way and their values another way.  For instance, a lot of working-class voters have liberal economic interests and conservative social values.  They, too, tend to vote their values.







No surprise that almost four months into the Republican takeover of Congress, more time has been spent on immigration -- specifically, trying to reverse President Obama's executive actions shielding 5 million immigrants from deportation -- than almost anything else.



Republican Senators are playing hide and seek with victims of sex trafficking. The U.S. Department of Justice now estimates that approximately 300,000 American children are at risk of being prostituted in the U.S. -- at an average age of 13 or 14.

Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) has a new director, Sarah Salda\u00f1a, but she made it apparent on Thursday that the agency is stuck making the same old mistakes. And the timing couldn't be worse.

Instead of an event exploring the complexities of politics, collaborative action and solidarity, tonight there will be a protest against the museum's decision. An opportunity to deepen our understanding of political processes has been lost.


The free flow of information is necessary for a democratic society, and this flow cannot be purely in the hands of government. This is why the rights to expression and a free and open press are among the most widely recognized rights on earth.

Congress must stop playing politics with children and pass four more years of funding for CHIP and MIECHV as part of the \doc fix\ package if millions of children are not to be left with uncertainty and at greater risk. We need to ensure our children are healthy, supported, and strong if they are going to be able to support our growing number of seniors in the future.

With just 600 days until the 2016 general elections, it was reasonable to have a break in the recent political weather and wind.  And we got it for two reasons

For all the deception and evasion that permeates this year's House and Senate Republican budgets, one thing comes through clearly







My difficulty with Judge Hanen's massively overwritten 123-page opinion in Texas v. United States is not that Texas got past threshold procedural barriers to judicial review. It is that, in an ideologically driven opinion, Judge Hanen simply gets the law wrong.
By the standards of the World Health Organization (WHO), almost all abortions are unsafe in certain regions, such as Africa or Central and South America. If abortion care were made available with U.S. aid as it is in the U.S., a significant number of women's lives would be saved.
From all appearances, Benjamin Netanyahu's party won more seats than any other party in the Israeli Knesset, but how did they achieve it? By waving an anti-democratic flag in front of people frightened of their fellow (Arab-Israeli) citizens.
The worlds first true superpower will be the country that creates meaningful work and shared prosperity for it's citizens and the world by implementing durable distributed grid resource systems that can be delivered anywhere in the world -- with the push of a button.









Congress will, of course, have its say. The question is when. The White House has repeatedly agreed that Congress need only vote to permanently relieve U.S. sanctions if and when Iran has a proven track record of compliance.
At the stroke of midnight, March 16, 2015, the debt ceiling was again breached. The Treasury Department has begun \extraordinary measures\ to forestall the certain default. Jack Lew must rob Peter to pay Paul.
Behind recent diplomatic statements, I think there is a change in the nature of US-Egyptian relations following the post-2013 stagnation.
If the past teaches us anything, it is that each plan also carries with it is a legacy of being a hot topic during interesting times that eventually people forgot about or became too afraid to mention when the economy got moving again.
I would hope civilized people everywhere rise in support of Greece. This is, after all, the mother of science and civilization. Europe and America need to abandon their narrow dollar vision. Help Greece to recover. And, above all, tell the Turks to end their offensive behavior towards Greece.

Modern conservatism is inherently big-government oriented. If you want to police the world, as well as every uterus, marriage and bedroom in the country, you have to spend money. Big government is inherent in the conservative agenda.
The development of Gaza Marine would undoubtedly be a positive step. However, the exploration of Palestinian gas reserves must not be permitted solely in return for Israel securing gas purchase agreements with neighboring countries. Such hijacking of the Palestinian gas reserves merely reinforces Israel's control of Palestinian resources.
Lead-footed law is chronically racing after mercury-footed, globalized technology -- especially in the field of electronic privacy and law enforcement. The race is never won, but keeping the law within shouting distance of the latest technology is still a commendable achievement.

It's not too late for state lawmakers who've decided not to expand Medicaid to change their minds (or be replaced by those who support it). Each and every one of us in these states need to be contacting our lawmakers and asking them to do so, because too many uninsured people have been shamed into silence.



The real challenge in social media is not reaching the folks who are already committed to what you believe; it's reaching the folks who can become committed because they like the way you say it, and this video says it better than it's ever been said.



Gender, like race, also always matters, regardless of political philosophy. Yes, even when the women at the decision-making tables aren't advocates for women's equal rights or opportunity, or for more civil political behavior, today's limiting rationales for the benefits of women's political participation.

Trickle-down economics doesn't work, and frankly, it never has. If we want to restore a healthy middle class, we need a different approach, a virtuous cycle that begins with a high-quality public education that gives students the skills they need to get good jobs with fair wages.

This week kicked off with two high profile releases, one more successful than the other. On Monday, 47 Republican senators released an open letter to Iran. The misguided missive purported to help Iran \fully understand our constitutional system,\ but was widely derided as a meddling and dangerous precedent. Maybe the senators' next letter will reveal how they plan to pay for another Middle East war, one that could be averted by a successful deal with the Iranians. That same day Apple rolled out the Apple Watch. Fans are already lining up, but do we really need to be even more distracted by endless notifications? Given how Steve Jobs said his best ideas came when he calmed his mind, it's an interesting question whether he'd have created Apple if he'd been endlessly distracted by having an Apple Watch on his wrist. Oops, I have to run, someone's texting me!

Clinton has a built-in advantage -- her gender. It now looks that she will use the glass-ceiling theme to connect with millions of people who think that the disparities in opportunity, income and talent-based achievement between men and women is not only unfair, but damaging.





Actions matters more than words, and while Portman wishes to come across as measured, his decision to be among the 47 Republican senators who sent a letter to the leaders of Iran undermining the current diplomatic process was irresponsible at best and dangerous at worst.
At the risk of oversimplification, sometimes we just need to focus on the overriding big picture rather than all of the extenuating circumstances. In this case the big picture is clear. Containing Iran's agenda of political Shiism is just as crucial as containing Salafist jihadist violence.
Recently retrieved yoga positions from Hillary Clinton's personal phone.


There are many questions these so-called hopefuls can be asked, but one can start with this
The Berlin to Baghdad Railway, or Baghdadbahn, was an ambitious railroad construction project designed to link the German capital Berlin with Baghdad in the Turkish region of Mesopotamia.
No matter how many emails Clinton discloses, if this imagined missive fails to materialize, it will always be thought of something that's being hidden, as opposed to something that does not exist. The only solution is for none of this to have happened in the first place -- and it's not as if this required some super-genius amount of foresight to prevent. Rather than solve the problem, it must simply be endured -- and not just by Clinton herself. Whatever you think of this email micro-event -- be it the intimation of a larger disorder, or one more shiny object of diminishing value -- the fact is that it has altered the \invisible primary\ in some measurable way for Clinton's allies, her opponents, and the media tasked with covering the story.


Before we get on with all the politics, we have two unrelated announcements. The first is tomorrow's quirk in the calendar. Actually, today is quirky as well, if you're a friggatriskaidekaphobe, since it's Friday the 13th.







Some of the myths that drive Arab discourse about American behavior in the Middle East are fascinating for what they say about our relationship with the region. Though often profoundly wrong, they are nevertheless frustratingly persistent.
The 47 Senate Republicans who warned Iranians against any nuclear agreement with Barack Obama that a Republican successor could revoke \with the stroke of a pen\ billed their audacious letter to the clerical regime in Tehran as a civics lesson in the American constitutional system.
There was Oklahoma. But then there's Selma...

The Department of Justice's 102-page report is a rich source of damning facts about the Ferguson criminal justice system. But tucked halfway in and passed over quickly is a truly revelatory set of figures
What a terrible irony that in this year of celebration of the Selma marches we are witnessing the resurgence of overt law enforcement brutality and injustice in Ferguson, Cleveland, New York City, and elsewhere, reminding us how far we still have to go. The continuing protests against unequal justice under the law by those enjoined to protect all of us and all of our children after the deaths of teenager Michael Brown, 12-year-old Tamir Rice, and others are a wake-up call about the deeply embedded systemic racism still alive in America. Each of us has a responsibility to root it out and stop it in its tracks.


In his new book, Frank reveals how he decided to come out of the closet as a gay man, the impact that decision had on his political career, and his subsequent efforts to advance LGBT rights.




The GOP domestic-policy vacuum is evidence of a deeper problem
We should all hope the recent letter-writing stunt by some Republican members of Congress will leave no significant marks on the negotiations, although looking into our behavior towards Iran in the past, I am somewhat fearful.

The United States must come up with a strategy to deal with many Middle East developments rather than wasting time, energy and resources in senseless political bickering back home like we saw over Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's visit last week.




A generation ago, streets, buildings and some public institutions were named after people who had earned their reputations and celebrity status, not just because they had lots of money. That no longer seems to be the case.

Democrats have been outraged by 47 Senate Republicans ostentatiously trying to blow up negotiations with Iran with their \open letter\ to Iranian leaders. But in terms of practical outcomes, the main drama still lies ahead.









Jeb Bush gets early style points for taking on his critics about his support for comprehensive immigration reform, perhaps realizing he has already lost the Rush Limbaugh, Michael Savage, and Mark Levin talk radio primaries anyway.


New York Republican Elise Stefanik (age 30) became the youngest woman in American history to be elected to Congress during November's midterm elections. When the 114th Congress convened in January, she also became its youngest member.
The police we can taunt on the street are not the real problem. Their management, beholden to that fraction of \the one percent\ which actually wields political power, is, as is the system they are a part of.
I am often asked why I remain a member of the Republican Party. My stock answer has become that it's the party of Lincoln and Eisenhower and I would like very much to return it to similar hands and am working, however infinitesimally well, to do so. Leaving the party would accomplish nothing in that regard. I also contend that there are still sane and sober people -- in the minority to be sure -- remaining in my party.

Hillary Clinton has been a focus of the media for nearly five decades since that first speech in 1969. She has spoken out about her successes and failures; her life's goals and her vision for a better future for all to crowds large and small from Beijing to Appalachia.




End-of-the-world cults flourish in stressful times and in periods of rapid social change, like the present.  That offers some clues to the otherwise baffling phenomenon of young people from developed countries streaming into Iraq and Syria to join ISIS.
Last summer, the City of Seattle passed a law that will raise the city's minimum wage to $15 per hour. But in a bizarre twist, Ronald McDonald and friends are suing the city and complaining that the new minimum wage violates a constitutional provision that was written to protect newly-freed slaves after the Civil War.


Either we lessen the dominance of big American corporations over American politics. Or we increase their allegiance and responsibility to America. It has to be one or the other. Americans can't thrive within a political system run largely by big American corporations -- organized to boost their share prices but not boost America.

To avoid being a spoiler Bernie Sanders needs to run in a major party. While logic dictates he run as a Democrat, a choice to run in the Republican primaries, while appearing counter intuitive at first, has a number of benefits.

A CHIP extension bill should not result in children losing health insurance coverage and being left worse off. Congress should, at the very least, \do no harm\ and oppose any package that would result in children losing health coverage or being left worse off in their state.
Liberian communities were excited when they first learned about the Buchanan Renewables project. However, big gains imply big risks, which can lead to catastrophic results, particularly in fragile and post-conflict regions where institutions are weak and communities are vulnerable.


While the individuals and institutions promoting this idea genuinely care about girls, it has unintended consequences. Girls' education should be promoted because girls matter in and of themselves, rather than because of their potential value as instruments of development change.
This week proved that while the arc of the moral universe may bend towards justice, it often takes a very circuitous route. On Wednesday, the Supreme Court heard arguments in King v. Burwell, the case challenging the Affordable Care Act. At stake is not only the future of Obamacare but also the frayed legitimacy of the Court itself. The unintentional joke of the day was offered by Justice Scalia, who, apparently without irony, suggested Congress would fix Obamacare if the court struck it down





Senator Menendez, like every other American, is entitled to a presumption of innocence when facing criminal prosecution. But continuing to serve in the democratic leadership in the Senate while he remains under a cloud of suspicion is a different matter.
These days, it has become far more difficult to teach the history of America's war in Vietnam because one of the chief lessons of that war we thought we had learned (\No More Vietnams\) has been soundly disproven in recent years.

Two leading authors and media mavens predict a) an Iranian nuc deal that Obama enforces without Congress and b) the Court will not overthrow Obamacare on a technicality. But they clash on Billary's money and emails

Asking nonprofits to voluntarily transform their behavior has done little to stomp out the biggest problems in the nonprofit world. The only way to end bad behavior is to pass more stringent laws and to put teeth into enforcing them. That's what Independent Sector should have been asking for when it visited Congress.

The military strategy in the 1914 campaign had been straightforward. German forces had intended to sweep from the northwest into northern France in an attempt to break through the French lines and encircle the French army in a broad enveloping movement.

Every day, we read about women and girls around the world who are victims of heinous violence. From Iraqi women abducted and enslaved by ISIL to Nigerian schoolgirls kidnapped and forced into marriage, these tragedies seem to belong to medieval times.
Over the last few days, many Republicans have echoed Democrats in asking this basic question

Israel may be wearing out its welcome in Europe, but that's no reason for Congress to want to join Israel's increasing isolation by jeopardizing relations with our trans-Atlantic partners. Sordid, shameful, embarrassing, demeaning, and damaging -- all in all, a pretty ugly week.
This weekend I am honored and humbled to join President Obama and the rest of the First Family, Congressman and Civil Rights hero John Lewis, dozens of my other Congressional colleagues and thousands of people from around the country as we gather in Selma, Alabama to mark the 50th anniversary of the passage of the Voting Rights Act.




The incredible spectacle of Israeli Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu's speech to Congress -- in which he appeared as much as the leader of the political opposition to the Obama administration as the head of government of an allied nation -- has come and gone but will reverberate for a long time.
Last July, when Dawg Pound fans thought Johnny Football was their ticket to the Super Bowl, Cleveland topped Dallas in the political arena, winning the right to host the 2016 Republican National Convention.
By now, if the telecom companies had kept their promises we might well have a national broadband network that would be the envy of the world. Instead many consider the United States a laggard in high speed, affordable broadband.
Since 2010, Greece has been living the tragic myth of Sisyphus, the king in Greek mythology who tried to outsmart the Gods and was punished for his trickery by being forced to eternally roll a huge stone up a hill, only to watch it roll back down every time he would approach the top.
One-hundred-seventy-six civilians were killed by police in January and February, according to news clippings collected by killedbypolice.net. Of course, the greatest outrage of all is that no one really knows how many people are killed by police annually.
City Hall in Portland, OR, is located at the corner of Fourth Avenue and Jefferson St. The building is majestic, in grand Romanesque architecture, German chocolate brown in color. The building even has an impressive portico, that is on the Fourth Street side, with is supported by several huge Mauve colored pillars.
In order to defend the rule of law, the Supreme Court must engage with the law as written. It must seek the truth concerning the political choices and tradeoffs manifested in the ACA itself. As Thomas Paine once put it, \In America, the law is king.\ In King, the Court must make plain where the authority lies.
My mother and I were always following the politics at City Hall. When you walked into City Hall, especially from the Fifth Street entrance, you felt like you were walking into a palace.
March 8 is International Women's Day, so it's time to check in on where the good old U.S. of A. stands in relation to the rest of the world when it comes to gender equality.  Spoiler alert
These recent SAMHSA survey results provide a golden opportunity for a scientific and societal shift to reconsider what about American society and culture is resulting in emotional suffering and self-destructive behaviors, especially for certain groups.


There is popular support for the idea that the Fed should be audited. More than three-quarters of registered voters would give the general idea of auditing the Fed a green light. It's no surprise, then, that there has been bipartisan support for similar proposals in the past.
Out Of Line
The people and police officers of Ferguson can ill afford to allow the difficult but necessary reform process that's now underway to be subsumed by petty politics. To plunge headlong into a dialogue defined by the same narrow, reductive, zero-sum talking points that frame so much of our national debate would be an inexcusable mistake.
Rising inequality is directly tied to waning rates of unionization, says a groundbreaking report released recently by the International Monetary Fund.



Currently in his second term as a Cincinnati City Council member, P.G. is especially interested in education and helping working and middle class families achieve financial stability -- but that's stuff you can find out by looking at his website. What I can tell you is what it's like to be his sister.
Everything you need to know about Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's address to Congress Tuesday was the presence in the visitor's gallery of one man -- Sheldon Adelson.

Iran Hardliners
Their new tax plan builds on Senator Lee's 2014 plan and creates something that's even more tilted in favor of the country's highest-income people, and likely much more fiscally irresponsible. And, like last year's plan, it not only excludes most working-poor families from its new child tax credit but allows much of their existing child credit to disappear after 2017.


If the Supreme Court invalidates premium credits in the federal exchange, the number of uninsured Americans would jump by roughly 8 million. Millions more would face dramatic premium increases; RAND estimates that premiums would jump by 47 percent.


A failure to take on the moneyed interests sacrifices the potential enthusiasm of millions of voters -- Democrats and Republicans alike -- who know the game is rigged, and who yearn for a leader with the strength and courage to un-rig it, and thereby give them and their children a fair chance.
Netanyahu's speech to Congress was brilliantly deceitful because it played to the fantasies that Israeli propaganda and right wing militarists in the US have been popularizing for the past thirty years.

We can only hope that the Jaumotte-Osorio Buitron research will help open more eyes -- from Wisconsin to Greece -- to the positive role labor unions can play in creating healthy economies.
This year, whether by design or coincidence, CPAC successfully covered all its bases by featuring dumbstupids spanning three generations. Who were these multi-generational representatives of the increasingly marginalized far-right brand?
The battle continues. The history of media reform tells us that if we ignore core systemic problems like the power of monopolies and the lack of structural diversity, important protections like net neutrality can be short-lived.
As the trial recreates the crime and its repercussions in devastating detail, one concern is the likelihood that Boston will be traumatized all over again and that deep emotional wounds that victims have worked hard to heal will inevitably be torn back open.


Senator Jim Inhofe is already off to a great start in 2015, spouting pseudo-science and degrading the effectiveness of his new committee with inaccurate diatribes against global warming. Just this week, he made a speech on the Senate floor lambasting the \hysteria\ surrounding climate change.



No matter how many repeal votes or legal runarounds are pursued, the Affordable Care Act is the law of the land and it is improving the lives of millions of Americans who now have affordable access to health insurance.

From now on, American criticism of Israeli policies will be much more visible that it has been. Not just on Iran, but on settlement policy, citizenship issues and the role of the observant religious community.
Last year's jury decisions in racially-charged investigations were only the most recent to reveal the schism in the country's perceptions of how race intersects with justice. From the Roper Center for Public Opinion Research archives, here is a look back over more than twenty years of data on race and the jury system.


There are some who believe that all Latinos must hold liberal views, or that you're not authentically Latino if you are a conservative. In recent years people like Henry Cuellar, Susana Martinez, Ted Cruz and others have been criticized -- often by anglos -- for not being sufficiently Hispanic, simply because of their personal beliefs.


Netanyahu made one very effective point today. He said, \How can you expect Israel to trust Iran in any way as long as Iran's clearly stated goal about Israel is annihilation?\I think it makes sense for the U.S. to demand that Iran withdraw its clear and public threat to Israel's existence as part of any new nuclear arrangement.


To allow an Israeli politician to use the venue of the United States Congress as a platform for political grandstanding in support of his re-election bid is equally demeaning to Americans and Israelis alike.



Netanyahu's speech may be evidence of hubris run amok on his part, but it is also a vivid illustration of the pervasive and destructive rise of partisanship in American politics over the last few decades.
While conspiracy theorists spin their yarns, they are missing a tragedy of Shakespearean proportions. The sad tale of two losers who yearned for greatness and lost.
9/11 has changed the life of Muslims substantially. Almost overnight, they became the target of media-hype, various \anti-terror\ efforts, religious intolerance and hate crimes.
The Neo-con argument is simply one more display of the abject naivet\u00e9 of their logic once again ginning up fear in the public and attempting to define the president as craven and feckless.

Puerto Rico labors under a debt load so burdensome it is little more than a patient on life support. The official public debt burden stands at $73.5 billion but there are an additional $38 billion of unfunded pension and public healthcare liabilities.
When I tell you \the church\ opens up a mic to talk to the world about something important, people there pay attention, and take it as true. That open-mic really doesn't happen too often in Salt Lake City.
So how do we halt this group's operation and increasing violence? How do we express our outrage and anger without disseminating the propaganda and assisting the enemy? Here are 7 ways that I believe an ordinary person can help fight ISIS.





While governments speak of \defeating\ jihadist terrorism, the reality is that this phenomenon will continue to metastasize into other forms, some more virulent other less. In the end, the most enduring legacy of jihadist violence will not be terrorism or even murder, but chaos.
As the 2016 presidential primary season approaches, two narratives have begun to emerge around Hillary Clinton. One is that she is almost certain to her party's nomination for president.






The progressive community lost one of its toughest and smartest fighters yesterday. Larry died in a car crash on a trip to Florida, and all of us who had the honor of being his friend will miss him greatly.

This week demonstrated the power of shared experiences and having some collective fun -- i.e. virality. It began with social media all atwitter over Patricia Arquette's Oscar speech -- and backstage comments. Next up, the Internet was riveted by The Great Llama Chase -- as the camelids, part of a therapy visit (Emotional Support Llamas?), made a break for it during a bathroom break. Later that same day, the most viral #dress in history had everyone debating
We Americans usually reserve the more kindly word \patriot\ for ourselves and use \nationalist\ to diss other people who exhibit special feeling for their country.  In the extreme, it's \superpatriot\ for us and \ultranationalist\ for them.
For all his protestations that he arrives today in Washington on a grave mission vital to Israel's national security, Benjamin \Mr. Security\ Netanyahu has more on his mind than merely scuttling President Obama's incubating nuclear agreement with Iran.
Well, the Republicans are, if anything, even more conservative now. They've also won back both the House and the Senate. After six years of the \game-changing\ Barack Obama presidency, the game has changed, all right.

Rudy, oh dear Mr. Former Mayor, it seems that that you got it all wrong when you accused the president of not loving America. It's so hard to watch you spout such stuff because you were such a respected man.
Crack in the System's goal is simply to dig deeper, supply more facts, and provide the definitive story. We accomplished this by interviewing several individuals never seen on camera before speaking about the realities of their involvement with the reach of the contra scandal and cocaine epidemic.

Should the debate move beyond semantics, this confrontation could result in a very significant, consequential and long overdue debate both about marijuana policy in the United States and about Washington's continued status as the nation's last colony.


The recent decision of the Board of Governors of the University of North Carolina to close the University of North Carolina Law School's Center on Poverty, Work and Opportunity is a blatant and dangerous instance of political interference with academic freedom.
Humiliating their leader again, House Republicans rejected Speaker John Boehner's last minute, desperate attempt to fund the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) for three weeks

The plaintiffs in King v. Burwell argue that federal subsidies under the Affordable Care Act (the \ACA\) are lawful only in states which have set up their own health care exchanges. This case is now pending before the United States Supreme Court, and the very survival of the ACA could be at stake.

Now, thanks to Speaker Boehner, the Republicans have no credibility or standing on national security. None, zero, zorch, nada.  The next time you hear a Republican bleating about national security, you can have a good laugh.


In a few days, Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will mount the podium of the U.S. Congress to speak before a joint session of the House and Senate. He will use the occasion to blast Iran and issue dire warnings about the current US-led negotiations designed to limit Iran's nuclear program.



The BATFE has introduced a proposed executive branch rule regarding ammunition that will likely pivot the election cycle back towards the same driving forces that caused so many blue states to turn red in the November 2014 midterm.







You may not have heard the name Peter Harbage before. But if you are one of the millions of people getting health insurance because of Obamacare or some other government program, it's possible Peter had something to do with it.
Muriel Bowser, the mayor of Washington D.C., deserves at least an honorable mention, for standing strong in the face of threats of jail time from House Republicans, for allowing the will of the voters (70 percent of them) to become law this week.

Decades ago, private capital flowing into developing countries was a small fraction of aid dollars. Since then, that private capital investment has grown roughly 100-fold and the ratio of aid to investment has flipped. Today, every $1 in aid to developing nations is dwarfed by nearly $7 in private investment.
My quixotic attempt to challenge the re-election of \unopposed\ Jeff Sessions in 2014 failed. I was not even allowed on the Alabama ballot. But now Sessions has some real competition -- from the Senate's far right caucus.







Imagine you were President, or Speaker of the House, and one day you woke up and discovered that you had an extra $5.8 billion dollars to spend. What would you do with the cash? A new aircraft carrier (or half of one, anyway)?





As North Carolina spawned the lunch counter sit-ins that put the Civil Rights movement directly in the faces of ordinary Americans 55 years ago, the state is also giving America an effective model for social justice organizing in today's society -- the Forward Together movement.

If ISIS were surprised often enough by effective paramilitary incursions, we could tilt the scale of advantage quite quickly.
The myth of fluid upward mobility blinds us to how stacked our system has become against the aspirations of the less well-off, thereby enabling an elite to capture every larger shares of income, wealth, privilege, and control over government while those below receive relatively smaller shares, face fewer opportunities, and command increasingly less control.




Just think of where we could be as a nation if some of the people spending years in prison for a nonviolent drug offense could have, instead, studied sustainable architecture or climate change adaptation?
She won't be elected because she is a woman; that is just an added benefit. She will be elected the 45th president of the United States of America because she is the most qualified person for the job.
Last Tuesday, watching you march in your crisp army fatigues and get pinned, was surrealistic. Never having served in the army, always having assumed you would do your required minimum and move on, I found the ceremony delightfully unfamiliar and awe-inspiring.


Although I never voted for him while living in Israel, I, along with a majority of voting Israelis, have always counted on Netanyahu to do what it takes to protect the security of Israeli citizens and by extension all Jews.

In the aftermath of the 2012 Presidential Election, many on the far right said that the Republican Party lost the presidential election because its presidential candidate was not conservative enough.
Critics accuse President Barack Obama of being a foreign policy minimalist seeking to do the least harm rather than by choosing more effective if riskier solutions.  In fairness, the president was dealt the most horrible hand on taking office dating back to FDR in 1933.




Like one of the characters from \Downton Abbey,\ Aaron Schock has made quite a climb, from public servant downstairs to pampered upstairs aristocrat.
Mother, mother, mother, he wailed and I cried too.\nWhat child should lose his legs because\nPresidents blew \ntheir moral responsibility to solve our differences?
There is no doubt that we need to continue to help everyone who wants a college education to be able to afford it. And college still needs to be a path by which people can learn and demonstrate their excellence. But it is critical that it is not considered the only path.
The conventional wisdom at the moment is that the 2016 presidential election is going to come down to Hillary Clinton and Jeb Bush. On the bright side, the conventional wisdom on national elections is almost always wrong.
By committing to the fundamental nature of the right to vote, our political leaders can instead focus on what they should do in elections

Obama's not like you and me.

Tonight, after an interminable build-up, we finally find out who will take home an Oscar -- and who will be forced to smile gamely when someone else's name is called. My can't-miss prediction

CHIP is a success and millions of kids are healthier because of it. Every state has taken advantage of CHIP and that's one reason the uninsured rate for children has dropped dramatically since its enactment. Nevertheless, funding for CHIP runs out on Sept. 30 unless Congress acts.
In this rapidly changing environment, U.S. foreign policy needs to be both fresh and nimble. Sadly, it has been neither, preferring instead a seat of the pants approach that only serves to emphasize its policy inconsistency and its strategic incoherence

I'm a little emotional about same-sex couples accepting Alabama Probate Judges' time-honored offer to newlyweds \You may kiss\.  These marriages are all the sweeter because when we were married by an Alabama Probate Judge three decades ago, it was a very different world. Sorta.

Just weeks ago, the Washington Post described Scott Walker as the first \It\ candidate of the 2016 presidential races, but after stumbling over \truth,\ evolution, and whether or not the President is a Christian or loves America, Walker is getting ready to change the topic.

Dick Cheney, Bill O'Reilly, and Rudy Giuliani represent a modern day version of the Three Stooges, take your pick who is who but for my money Cheney is Moe, O'Reilly is Larry, and Giuliani is Curly. But their antics, while reflective of the foolishness of their namesakes, have consequences that are all too real and destructive.








The rise of \independent contractors\ Is the most significant legal trend in the American workforce -- contributing directly to low pay, irregular hours, and job insecurity. It's become a race to the bottom.
This week, the White House held a Summit on Combating Violent Extremism. Walking through the Albuquerque airport on the day of the Summit, I was surprised to see a TV headline ask the question, \Is ISIS a religious group?\ It is an absurd question. Of course it is a religious group.

It is tempting to dismiss Rudy Giuliani's recent judgment about President Barack \nObama's love of country as a sign that America's Mayor will say almost anything to get back in the spotlight. We should not give Giuliani and his unapologetic lack of respect for a sitting president more attention than they deserve.
Give us a majority, and we'll show you what the GOP can do. That was the basic sales premise of the midterm elections. Controlling both chambers of Congress, Republicans would show Americans that their party is a governing party.




As we have found so many times before, while current challenges may have brought out the worst in some, it has also created the opportunity to bring good people together to support each other.



The GOP wasted no time in creating yet another self-induced government shutdown showdown. Not even two full months into their control of Congress, and they are pushing a critical federal department towards shutting down, all in an effort to make a political point.
For fifty years Title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (ESEA) has been the primary source of federal funding targeted to schools to serve poor children. Sadly, from the beginning states didn't keep their end of the bargain.
One of the more depressing political attacks in recent history was launched by the former Mayor of New York, Rudolph Giuliani, against President Obama. With strong implications of racism, Giuliani claimed that Obama did not love his country.
Will social work solve the problem of \violent extremism?\ Well, it has the virtue of not having been tried. But that's probably because it's largely beside the point.


As for me, I should recognize that over-the-top rhetoric does not help matters, and that we need all the help we can get right now in dealing with a multiplicity of national security and other critical issues.



Would it be easier for the president to hop aboard the \let's kill Islamic terrorists\ bandwagon?  Of course. It would be popular, understandable, and a political rallying cry for a president who could use all the support he can get. That he refuses to take that route in his public comments is, even if you think he is wrong, an example of moral courage.


Though falling gas prices are affording Americans some financial breathing room, the dramatic drop is in no way an indication that we are approaching utopia.

Most days, I'd be proud to say I'm a resident of the state of smiling faces and beautiful places.  But, today, I'm not going to be tooting my SC pride horn, because a man from Greenville, SC, ironically a city rich in culture, has decided to open his mouth.
The Embarrassing Family Members Club
Unfortunately, this year's budget continues the harmful framework imposed by the Budget Control Act of 2011 of \trading off\ defense spending with domestic needs. Once again, increased defense spending has been blindly offered to balance an equal amount of increased investment in job creation and training, education, climate change, and other priorities combined.

\The Presidents Club\ book was a wonderful insight in the behind-the-scenes events that took place during the presidencies of Truman through Obama.


This past October, a startling bill was fast-tracked through the Pennsylvania legislature that should make every one of us take pause and think about what those documents really mean.





Much has been made recently about, shall we say kindly, the \unusual\ plaintiffs. But, even if plaintiffs were not so \unusual\, and they would indeed be subject to penalties, their claims of economic damages fail on their face.
If Greece leaves Europe, the EU dream will be gone for good. Second, other European countries like Portugal, Spain and Ireland, also under the humiliations of debt, might imitate Greece and exit the EU. It's in the political interests of the U.S. to intervene decisively and prevent the break up of the Western world.





The new era of Greece in the European Union will have to bring equality, stability and fairness in its relationship with its partners. The country has spent far too much capital to remain inside the Eurozone and owes it to itself, and its citizens, to conclude a program that will provide an appropriate balance of budgetary stability and development.
Unless the United States is prepared to expect severe casualties to hundreds maybe thousands of our forces, we must keep boots off the ground. Our air forces are doing a reasonably effective job with so far no casualties to us, we must keep it that way.
I am sure some readers found the images of Mohammed offensive, but so what? Offense is taken, not given, readers who are attacking the magazine now are failing to understand any sort of context to which the cartoons represent.
Last week, Philadelphia became the 20th location in the U.S. to enact a law guaranteeing that workers can earn paid sick days. It's the third time City Council has passed such a measure, but the first time the mayor will sign it.
New bills introduced in state legislatures in Kansas, Oklahoma, and Missouri would outlaw the safest method of second-trimester abortion in America.  Known as dilation and evacuation (D&E), this procedure is also the most commonly used.
Myths around marijuana have created a great deal of injury. People's lives have been destroyed due to arrest records. We've deprived countless patients from a helpful medicinal plant.
Why are college students \children\ when they try to be political, while actual children get clickbaited as political truth-tellers? I'm afraid they're two sides of the same counterfeit coin.

A national movement is needed, as it will be America's manufacturers that will produce the chemicals, vehicles, protective gear, weapons, measuring devices, medicines and countless other products that will be used to prevent catastrophic events from becoming cataclysmic ones.
Defining the prime responsibility of governments as the service of capital simplifies the task of managing a complex world. But quite apart from privileging the \worst people,\ this reductionist model over-simplifies the role of government in society to a kind of \government for dummies.\
Too often democracy has meant voting every couple of years for a candidate that is \the lesser of two evils.\ But now, citizens and their representatives all across the country are voting directly on major social and technology issues that impact their families and neighborhoods.
Republicans and Democrats are playing politics with U.S. national security.  Senate Democrats may be blocking debate right now, but it was the House Republican caucus that passed an appropriations bill for the Homeland Security Department knowing full well that Democrats would refuse to support it.
In sum, we, the people, are ever less in control of anything.  The police are increasingly not \ours,\ nor are the NSA and its colleague outfits \our\ intelligence agencies, nor are the wars we are fighting \our\ wars, nor the elections in which we vote \our\ elections.



I've seen first-hand how effective Wall Street and big corporations are at wielding influence. Global deals like the Trans Pacific Partnership will boost the profits of Wall Street and big corporations, and make the richest 1 percent even richer. But they'll bust the rest of America.
Now that the FBI Director and a sitting Supreme Court judge have spoken, maybe people will stop name-calling and let us deal with the gravity of the issue. Now it is our job to make this renewed attention lead to sustainable results.  At the end of the day, it doesn't matter who the messenger is, as long as those that are the hardest to reach can hear it.
Stop the foolishness and talk to us like grownups. There will be no \trade war\ if we pursue a currency chapter in the TPP. There will be a lot of arguing and negotiating about what technically constitutes currency manipulation to gain an edge in trade. It could blow up the deal, and Secretary Lew, Rep. Ryan, and others should explain to us and to members of Congress why that's a more costly outcome to American workers and businesses than continuing to live with labor demand-draining trade deficits. If they can do so, then let's have a TPP. If they can neither make a convincing case based on facts, not war-mongering and fear tactics, nor can they offer a convincing alternative for legislative actions outside of the TPP against currency manipulation, then they must either negotiate a currency chapter or accept defeat.

Am I black in a cop's hands when he is pushing, pressing hard for dope or a gun or a rope or a knife or a fist?  I am not a black body, yet my body is somehow, somewhere, theirs -- Trayvon's, Emmett's, thousands more at the end of a rope's tight murderous swing.

Greece and the European Union could face a showdown in their debt talks as early as this week. And if you had to place odds right now, the likelihood is that the stubbornness of Europe's senior leaders will create a catastrophe for both Greece and the EU. Here is the state of play.
It will come as no surprise to you that we're top-notch when it comes to denouncing barbarism -- as long as it's theirs. Unfortunately, when it comes to our own barbarism, we turn out to be a tad weaker, whether you're talking about torture or the deaths of children by drone.
When Gov. Scott Walker (R-WI) went out and gutted unions in Wisconsin, he knew that the state legislature had his back.  The state government was pretty closely divided between parties, but Republicans had the majority, and so they could ramrod most any decisions down the gut of the state.  Which as we now know is just what they did.

Even before American hegemony emerged after World War II, birthday boy George Washington's Farewell Address admonition to avoid \permanent alliances\ and focus on neutrality had long since been ignored. Now we have a worldwide web of alliances, mostly of our own instigation, and involvement in a whole host of wars.
When members of Congress caved to demands from the insurance industry and ditched their plan to establish a \public option\ health plan, the lawmakers  also ditched one of their favorite talking points, that a government-run plan was necessary to \keep insurers honest.\
This week, Jon Stewart announced his retirement from The Daily Show. He'll be missed -- not just because he was funny, but because he told the truth in an era when much of the media wouldn't. Later that same night, 60 Minutes correspondent Bob Simon was killed in a car accident. \There was nothing simple about Bob Simon,\ said Anderson Cooper. \Except that he was simply the best.\ The next day, David Carr collapsed and died in the New York Times newsroom. The grace and wisdom he earned the hard way suffused his generous spirit. He never sugar-coated his insights, especially about recovery and redemption. \We all walk this earth feeling we are frauds,\ he wrote. \The trick is to be grateful and hope the caper doesn't end any time soon.\ Sadly, with David and Bob Simon, it ended much too soon.
The Virginia Senate voted overwhelmingly for a bill that would restrict PETA's mass killing of dogs and cats at its Norfolk headquarters; but PETA has hired a crack lobbyist in an effort to push for the vote to fail tomorrow in the Virginia House of Delegates.




The first major box office hit charged a staggering $2 admission and reached 50 million people before sound films appeared in 1927. Its millions in profits built Hollywood. Beyond profits, it aimed to educate the public in the values of white supremacy.
Barack Obama has promised on more than one occasion that he would never permit Iran to become a nuclear armed state. Then again, this is the same President Obama who warned Syria's president not to use poison gas on his own people, or there would be consequences for crossing that red line.



Sometimes, in life, you succeed on your own merits. But other times, you need a little something extra. And when the media thinks that they've caught on to that \something extra,\ they've got a term for it



More Americans are dying of drug overdoses than traffic accidents, primarily from heroin and prescription pills like oxycodone and Vicodin. Every single day, 120 people die in the U.S. of a drug overdose.


President Obama's remarks, last week, at the annual National Prayer Breakfast were theologically sound and politically smart. In spite of this, his comments set off a storm of criticism from conservative critics who took him to task for both his theology and his politics.
I wish I could claim psychic powers.  But predictable smear campaigns are, by their nature, predictable.


Obama's war powers proposal justifies operations against vaguely defined \associated\ people and entities. Put that together with the post-9/11 authorization for anti-Al Qaeda operations and you have a blank check to do pretty much anything, anywhere, any time against anyone who evinces admiration/sympathy/solidarity for Isis or Al Qaeda.
Part of what allows hatred to grow and flourish is our inability or unwillingness to allow others to speak, and to not only hear them, but listen to them as well. Too often our self-interest, and self-protectiveness, makes us feel like we know enough about \them.\


President Obama is absolutely correct that our nation must confront these ruthless terrorists. But he was also correct to promise that America would not be sending U.S. combat troops back to the Middle East to fight another ground war.

It seems today that ISIL has not taken advantage of the many groups that have pledged baya to it, but with defeats in Iraq this trend could change and ISIL could develop a global planning and attack network.



Class war is precisely what we've been seeing for decades now -- but it's been waged for, not against, the wealthy. And Republicans have been its dutiful servants from the start. It might make a good hashtag, come to think of it

The limits under Obama's proposed authorization are an important distinction, which we hope will carry on through future administrations. However, on maybe the most important limit -- the limit on types of operations our ground troops can be committed to -- the language is too broad, and leaves too much room for drawn-out combat missions.




Marking, celebrating and memorializing the beautiful lives of Deah, Yuzor and Razan is, in addition to whatever comfort and solace it can bring the aggrieved, an opportunity for all of us who didn't know them to reflect on how we ourselves might be better people.
The shameful decision by Kansas Governor Sam Brownback, both a lawyer and a politician, to rescind a longstanding executive order outlawing employment discrimination against executive branch state employees on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity is particularly troubling.


Amid a firestorm of gasps, giggles, and moral outrage, Alaska's Governor Bill Walker (I) has withdrawn from consideration an appointee to the Alaska Commission on Judicial Conduct. Jeff Landfield's own conduct came under scrutiny after several Facebook photos came to light.















World leaders at the Davos World Economic Forum last month identified the scarcity of water as the leading threat facing the world over the next decade. Recognizing access to water as a human right means this is no longer an issue of charity. Denying people water is also tantamount to denying them the right to life.




There is simply no room or justification in our local or national dialogue for ignorant or vitriolic comments, which fuel the cycle of hate and ignorance, divide our country and endanger the lives of everyday Muslim Americans.
The murder of progressive clergy in Colombia continues to be part and parcel of the policy of both the Colombian military, and the U.S. which sponsors it, to prevent social change in Colombia and throughout Latin America.
ISIS has no monopoly on cruelty or immolation. On the contrary, it has exploited for its own ends the shock value of something used for centuries to punish and terrify heretics and African-Americans, and lately used by desperate dissidents around the world upon themselves.
This week began with \The Horrible Call\ finally deflating \Deflategate\ in a thrilling Super Bowl that ended up being the most-watched program in U.S. television history. Though Patriots rookie Malcolm Butler stole the main event, the halftime show's breakout star was Left Shark, Katy Perry's more-funny-than-fearsome, freelancing dancer. On Wednesday, the Obama administration scored big with FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler announcing strong net neutrality regulations, including \enforceable, bright-line rules\ that would forbid Internet service providers from throttling connections or charging more for access to sites like Netflix. So now you won't have to pay through the nose to binge-watch the next season of House of Cards -- unless, of course, legislative loopholes are added during the sausage-making process, a la... House of Cards. Meanwhile, debate continues over Brian Williams and his personal \fog of war\ -- though if the same level of skepticism and debate had been applied before the Iraq invasion, perhaps Williams, and the troops, wouldn't have been there in the first place.

The most virulent haters of President Obama have long been called \Birthers.\ A major historical anniversary we observe this month suggests that the name is far more appropriate than has been realized.


Don't think that young students are the only products of a whitewashed history of the Vietnam War.  Many older Americans have also been affected by decades of distortion and revision designed to sanitize an impossibly soiled record.




Before Bush concentrates on winning the Iowa caucuses, he should think twice about making the same mistake that Romney did in trying to capture, or even placate, that Iowa GOP mentality that might play well in the cornfields and pig farms.
The internationalization of the civil wars in Iraq and Syria, and their subsequent linkage, has created an exceedingly complex political environment. First, the role of the Syrian Civil War as a Sunni-Shia proxy contest that pitted Turkey, Saudi Arabia.


Barack Obama is the second Honorable Mention recipient this week, for his impressive public opinion polling on job approval in January. He had his best month (measured by month-to-month improvement) of his entire second term, and the fourth-best month he's ever had as president.

So many children have lost ground as the trumped-up fear of excessive debt children did not cause has been used by some in Congress to cut safety net programs we know work.


What inappropriate and scandalous remarks have prompted such outrage this time? Nothing less than a recitation of facts and history. Why, the gall of this president to confuse these poor, hapless souls with intellectual discourse that would require critical evaluation.
It's a tempting response to the latest act of barbarism in the Middle East, especially in the wake of the unending violence of sect upon sect, tribe upon tribe, nation upon nation

Instead of staying laser-focused on the very real, very complex and very dangerous consequences of the outcome of the negotiations with Iran, the public discourse is now being hijacked by politics.


Senator Ernst calls herself a combat veteran at every turn -- on her Senate web page, in campaign debates, and in her stump speeches. She can say this because she served in a combat zone. But the unit was never in a firefight, or for that matter attacked at all.

Let me say this to Senator Cotton
There is value in recognizing that, far from wanting to sustain the U.S. in its global policing role, we would do better to welcome the emergence of a new multipolar world, to recognize our limits within that emerging multipolar world, and to begin to live within those limits.

Today's strong jobs report shows continuing labor-market improvement but also continuing significant \slack\ -- people who are not working but want to be, or people who want to work full-time but can only find part-time jobs.  Prominent among those struggling to find work are the roughly three in 10 jobless workers who've been looking for a job for 27 weeks or longer.
Senator Cotton may prefer hell to Guantanamo for my clients, but what does he really know about either? What he knows is how to play politics -- a game where one thing is certain

Lochner is deeply rooted in an American legal tradition that protects individual rights from overbearing majorities and entrenched special interests, and the decision showcases what courts can and must do to keep the political branches in check.

The fantasy that millions of people will simply disappear if we just have stricter laws, the old \self-deportation\ theory and the lynchpin of the Romney campaign in 2012, did not work as a political strategy and is laughable as a policy.

The present hyper-concentration of wealth is creating dysfunctions in our economy that are strikingly unfair and ultimately unproductive, not only for society's most vulnerable, but also to our overall societal productivity and well-being.
The sad reality is that the 340B drug discount program, which provides a very valuable safety net for helping to ensure that patients receive needed medical treatment, is being unfairly used by some hospitals to acquire physician-owned community cancer clinics.

As Congress prepares to move its own budget process, it should embrace those proposals that constitute sound investments as compared to just expenditures. Older adults are an important resource to their families, their communities and their nation.
Walker may have found the message that takes him all the way to the Republican nomination. By choosing such an anti-union politician to groom for power, the Kochs are trying to conflate organized labor and government dependency in the minds of the Republican primary voter.
A more important resolve for our national consciousness is to remain committed to the community service that is now a central element of our celebration of Dr. King's enormous contributions to the nation.
So, Mitt, I hope you take this time to reflect and perhaps even meditate on the road ahead.  To the rest of you, the voters, forget about the candidates, they are unfortunately bought and sold many times over.  Sadly you cannot get to this level of the game without being so.  Look instead to their backers, follow the money to see where their true interests lie.
Over the past few months, protests have erupted in the halls of the U.S. Capital, and in the streets outside, to thwart the passing of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP)--a boon to corporate interests, the protesters argue, and an anathema to U.S workers.



The specter of the Islamic State has silenced congressional criticism and marginalized anti-war voices on the outside. The looming question is whether an open-ended authorization will extend the war on terror for years to come. The most critical issues are these.






Illinois families, many in dire circumstances, are on the brink of losing support for child care. It's time everyone got answers about the games being played with the CCAP.
Armenia, which all told would probably prefer to be part of a progressive Western alliance, joined under strong pressure from Russia.
Chris Kyle a coward? Puh-lease! How easy to pass judgment from an easy chair. All snipers cowards? Give me a break!
Chris Christie has a new message










Today, the nation finally gets to stop talking about deflated balls and finally gets around to... watching some very expensive TV commercials. Of course, the Super Bowl is much bigger than touchdowns, field goals or celebratory crotch grabs; it's about the joy of a frequently divided country sharing a common experience -- deciding whether you prefer beer ads with or without cute animals. Meanwhile, that new reality show Desperate Leaders of the Western Hemisphere took a dramatic turn with Speaker Boehner claiming he told Israeli Ambassador Ron Dermer not to tell President Obama about Prime Minister Netanhayu's planned speech to Congress. It's like high school -- if the stakes were, instead of a ruined prom, nuclear war. And on Friday, Mitt Romney let some of the air out of the 2016 GOP race with his announcement that he wouldn't be assembling the old team one last time after all. It was Deflategate for the top one percent. Go Seahawks... or Patriots!





Twenty-one states have chosen to democratically enact laws forbidding discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, but no state has enacted laws forcing Jewish delis to serve bacon-wrapped shrimp.  Is there is a reason?


Scrapping complicated, costly, time-consuming eligibility tests would save billions. Substituting a program assuring all children their needed health care with no other eligibility condition than being a kid (that is, below a specified age) would accomplish their coverage. Let's call it Medikids.
At the beginning of 1915, two new areas of conflict emerged in the Middle East Theater. In Egypt, a Turkish-German force crossed the Sinai Peninsula and attempted to seize control of the Suez Canal.

The Trans-Pacific Partnership, now headed to Congress, is a product of big corporations and Wall Street, seeking to circumvent regulations protecting workers, consumers, and the environment.



The American Family Association, sponsor of the Republican National Committee's upcoming Israel trip (organized and led by pastor David Lane), is no less extreme and has been venting its virulently hateful anti-LGBT, nativist, religious supremacist, and arguably racist rhetoric across America's airwaves for years.
President Barack Obama made some progress on his agenda in his passage to India. But events in the Middle East and Washington demonstrated again how hamstrung his administration continues to be.
The concern with campus sexual assault has begun to take on the characteristics of a panic in which government officials and school administrators have increasingly lost sight of other fundamental values that must shape the culture of institutions of higher learning.






Kim Jong Un and Putin






It is a national disgrace that so many poor children live in the United States of America -- the world's richest economy. It doesn't have to be this way. It's costly. And it's the greatest threat to our future national, economic and military security.
Many visitors to Maryland's historic Old State House are eager to see the Senate Chamber where Gen. George Washington resigned his commission to the Congress, meeting there in December, 1783.
You are interfering with our democratic process in a blunt, unforgivable manner. I hope that our future leaders, whoever they may be, won't forget it.

Pete's fingers can strum no longer, but, thanks to him, people around the world can have many \singing tomorrows.\
Sex trafficking is the fastest-growing business of organized crime and the third-largest criminal enterprise in the world, according to the FBI. In 2013, nearly 5,000 cases of human trafficking were reported to the National Human Trafficking Resource Center.

Governor Sam Brownback's Jan. 15 State of the State address was short and disconnected from reality. He promised a continued \march to zero income taxes,\ in spite of a projected $700 million hole in the state's budget over the next 18 months.

The Congressional Budget Office just released the 2015 version of its Budget and Economic Outlook. The really important development was that CBO confirmed its pessimistic view of the future of the U.S. economy, pegging the long-run growth potential at 2.2 percent.


Despite this long-awaited meltdown of U.S. policies that added to the island's economic woes but never succeeded in tumbling Cuba's communist government, a portion of the Cold War edifice remains intact

Some economists on the left argue that the deficit is not a serious threat to the health of the economy, while other experts say that projected increases show that long-term solutions need to be found. What does the public think about this debate?

You can tell when the dittohead memo has gone out from GOP headquarters, because not only do so many on the far right start making the same point, but you see it repeated and repeated and endlessly repeated in tweets flying across your screen.



I was quite literally born into the Civil Rights Movement in 1959, as my mother and father were already deeply committed to changing the world for the better by simply getting married








Even though my radical liberalism has softened over the years, I've never come close to voting Republican. So I was stunned when my then 17-year-old son announced that he wanted to join the Marines.
While \a New Cold War\ has not yet been adopted as an official framework for US foreign and military policy, there are among foreign and military policy-makers many who will be tempted by its appeal. We should be circumspect about following them down this path.

The need for false birth certificates to maintain adoption as a lie has passed. It is obsolete. Yet, we are still living with outdated adoption laws and procedures that have not kept pace with the changing mores.
The bottom line is that for its own well being, the United States needs to lead the world to a more stable and sustainable situation that does indeed embody the universal ideals it has long promoted.
Now, with a Congress fully in the hands of a Republican Party increasingly dominated by its right wing, he can make all the ringing proclamations he wants to about taxing the rich to help the middle class.
To overcome our nations' political gridlock, we'll need to develop new ways to integrate both the conservative and liberal values that underlie the polarization.
In what must seem like the greatest of ironies to the current Republican Party, President Richard Nixon in the 1970s, the most infamous Republican president of all time, was a huge hero for the environment.

Americans expect and deserve a level playing field every time they seek justice in our courts. Our nation was founded on the principle that public officials possess only delegated (and therefore limited) powers, and they must be held accountable for the responsible exercise of those powers.



Time and time again, Netanyahu has shown little respect for American presidents, institutions or interests despite the fact that we provide Israel with over $3 billion in aid annually and use our diplomatic capital to block anti-Israeli measures at the United Nations.

It's deeply reassuring when our president shows how he is paying attention.  Remembering. And his numbers don't lie.  Barack Obama continues to lead us away from the Great Republican Recession.





Iranian military deployment increased further during the summer of 2014, despite continued Iranian denials that there were any Iranian troops stationed in Iraq. On August 21, Iran's 81st Armored Division took part in a joint Iranian-Kurdish attack to liberate Jalawla from IS militants.
The narrative goes something like this



Most of our article today is going to deal with Obama and his speech, ending with the snappiest portions as this week's talking points. But before we get to that, let's take a quick look at what the Republicans have been up to, as well as some other minor political news of the week.

What shocked me about the debate last night was the way Senate Majority Leader McConnell and the new Republican majority treated their colleagues on the other side of the aisle. Not only did Sen. McConnell go back on his word, he deprived the American people of a critical debate on these important amendments.
In last week's speech, the most newsworthy moment came when the president emphasized the importance of what he called \middle-class economics.\ The quick, hot take was that by doing so, Obama was opening a new round of combat with Republicans.




It's admittedly hard to tell from the headlines, especially out of Albany, but political corruption of the cash-in-envelope variety is rare, probably rarer today than at any time in American history. My plea is simply this
I am as committed as ever to see these goals manifest both at home and abroad, but I need you to do all that you can to work with Congress to reauthorize and strengthen The Child Nutrition and WIC Reauthorization Act. Again, thank you for your steadfast leadership.

The national holiday celebrating Dr. King's birthday is over, but I hope we will heed and act on his 1967 declaration and work to win the first victory right here at home in the biggest economy on earth and end the shame of 14.7 million children being the poorest Americans by ending child poverty now.







President Obama will be in India for a three-day visit starting Sunday, searching for that elusive foreign policy triumph to consolidate his presidential legacy. This is not the first time that New Delhi has come to the rescue of a president who lost his sheen.
If what I have I did not earn...

Yes, the latest polls may indicate that the President's popularity among Americans has increased by a few percentage points, but that won't make up for all the goodwill he's lost in the corridors of Capitol Hill.



When Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY) took over the reins of the Senate, he wasted little time in choosing the Keystone oil pipeline as the first item for the new Congress. He may be having buyer's remorse.

With a president too often bold in words but timid in action facing a Congress more Republican and obstructionist than ever, little will get done to fix inequality. Even the Tea Partiers who howled in protest over the bailout of the big banks back in 2008 have been taken to the woodshed by the likes of Karl Rove, and are silent as establishment Republicans complete the return of the GOP as Guardians of the One Percent. For now, don't really expect further taxes on the wealthy that could help those at the bottom. (And did you hear much discussion of America's poor people at the State of the Union?) Funny how trickle-down economics, a concept beloved by the GOP and its plutocratic allies, as well as by corporate Democrats, become an abomination when the galoshes are on the other foot and favor the less well off. Suddenly, trickle-down becomes all wet.
Most Americans already know that lobbying and influence play a big role in the legislative process, especially in Washington, D.C. However, a new report reveals that a large portion of trade association spending goes to PR firms and advertising.


Let me share the story of a group of five dear friends over the last five years. In 2010, my friends decided to pool their life savings to open a magnificent restaurant at the foot of the Acropolis, in the city where democracy was born, Athens...




My decision about whether to engage from the outside or seek elected office came down to a single question
The mere idea that members of Congress should be required to take annual ethics training speaks volumes about how far we have strayed from our founders' values, but may be necessary as a first step toward restoring decency and respectability in our nation's capital.




Intelligence is never perfect

The growing chasm between unmet social needs and what our social institutions are routinely accomplishing cannot be crossed one small step, or one standardized program, at a time. Something shown to have worked somewhere will not automatically produce the same effects elsewhere.
Today, in the face of limitless anonymous political donations and dramatically widening inequality, our government is slowly starting to look more like an oligarchy, governed according to the whims of a special few. Thankfully, there are straightforward steps Congress can take right now to reverse this deeply troubling trend.
Our biggest problem is the lack of dialogue among the political factions in this country.  The Democrats will want free college and amnesty for illegal immigrants.  The Republicans will veto the idea of free college and want to deport every illegal immigrant.  There are numerous solutions between those choices that will never get a proper airing.

Extremist violence is a threat everywhere to the life of the mind, the life of the spirit and to life itself. We are all Charlie. So, too, the war against the Jews is a war against us all.


It took the murder of one Arch Duke to precipitate World War I. What will it take to generate action against these enemies of Islam? So far the record and answers are not promising.


It's a crucial first step that white people recognize white privilege, but that alone isn't enough. What's more, luxuriating in our own suffering doesn't engender social change. Here's a stale paradox
While protecting and defending our right to abortion services we must also support the choices of women who want to expand their families. Paid family leave is a natural extension of the choice movement because our ultimate goal is to support women, no matter their choice.
One can only imagine how badly the Democratic Party would have been crushed in the election if the public actually disapproved of the job its leader was doing.
The Supreme Court shouldn't dishonor Dr. King's memory by removing one of the tools we have used to build bridges from the \islands of despair\ of racialized poverty and segregation he decried.

Those who murdered over a cartoon in Paris have demonstrated no acceptance of the sacred uniqueness of each human life anywhere else and that is the sine qua non of a legitimate faith worthy of both national and international protection.



Instead of the plodding turtle he's normally satirized as, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is all cat-on-a-hot-tin-roof about Trade Promotion Authority, better known as Fast Track.
As many of us fight today for an increase in the minimum wage, an end to job discrimination, including that based on sexual orientation, full employment, and an end to poverty, we are continuing the struggle for which Dr. King gave his life.
To support free speech is to accept the legality of satire without question. To oppose free speech is to support a government law banning political cartoons. Neither of these positions has anything to do with what happened in France.

Imagine how refreshing it would be to hear a State of the Union Address that is a list of shared goals instead of the all-too-typical wish list developed in a White House vacuum. Imagine a State of the Union in the voice not of \I,\ but of \we\ -- meaning we, your elected leaders.


We're talking about something that requires far harsher condemnation. By lying about the numbers, Republicans are selling policies that take from the most vulnerable and give to the most fortunate.
Dick Yuengling is being snubbed. That's the accusation State Rep. Mike Vereb is making ahead of Gov.-elect Tom Wolf's inauguration, whose planners have received over $1 million in contributions but allegedly turned down the offer of \free beer\ from Yuengling's Pottsville-based brewery.
The plight of the New York Police Department and the city it serves provides us with an object case of what can go wrong in an America that is subjecting itself to destructive forces of its own making.
In coming weeks, we can expect the Republican-controlled Congress to push two Obamacare bills that would hike profits for some businesses. What we can't expect, from either Republicans or Democrats, unfortunately, is any effort to help families, even those with insurance, to stay out of bankruptcy court because of mounting medical bills.
The Charlie Hebdo massacres highlighted two different cultures to Americans.  The first was already way too familiar
The East Room News Conference between the leaders of the United States and the United Kingdom was one of the most important and somber I have attended in over 47 years of reporting. It dramatized the major threats facing the world in this era of fanatical terrorism.

This week, the Oscar race heated up, with Birdman and Grand Budapest Hotel leading the way with nine nominations each. In much more serious news, the planet itself continues to heat up, with NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration announcing that 2014 was the hottest year in the 135 years since record-keeping began. What's more, the next 10 hottest years have all been since 1998. \The record 2014 temperatures underscore the undeniable fact that we are witnessing, before our eyes, the effects of human-caused climate change,\ said climate scientist Michael Mann. Of course, we've seen this movie before -- with alarming warnings about our steadily warming world repeatedly met with inaction. It's like \Groundhog Day,\ only without the laughs. Unless we rewrite the script, and push our leaders to adopt the long-term thinking that this challenge requires, we'll soon be facing a [SPOILER ALERT] very unhappy ending.

We may not have or be able to afford all of the solutions our public schools need. But we know at least one critical ingredient is solvable. We simply can't allow politics, bureaucracy or indifference to prevent us from getting a hungry child a healthy meal.


Addressing a gathering of indigent CEOs, down-and-out plutocrats and destitute Republican dignitaries on Friday, Romney promised that, if elected this time, he would lift them out of poverty.


The Congressional GOP's unhealthy obsession with President Obama's use of his presidential powers has driven them into a strategic black hole, with very high, long-term costs for the party and future candidates.

If President Obama talks about his Cuba policy on Tuesday night, his State of the Union Address could be unlike any our nation has experienced. Tuesday night offers Obama a unique platform for giving power and voice to the new ways in which Cuba and the United States can engage with and relate to each other respectfully.
People are searching for a way to transform an economic system that benefits the few over the many. They are searching for fairness, opportunity, justice and real change. I believe that search can and should lead to the labor movement.
Last year was not a kind year. Deadly serious issues confronted the nation. It did not go well. Several arenas epitomized these issues more than most.


This was a busy week in politics, as the Republicans in the new Congress began a bout of legislating and President Obama ramped up his agenda in preparation for next Tuesday's big speech to Congress and the country.

Taken together all these changes will probably be good for our health. But change is seldom welcome and transitions are often uncomfortable. There's are some big ones happening in medicine these days.


The plan is simple
The country has become wealthier but the character of its people has not changed a bit. Oligarchs and Caciques continue to rule the local, municipal, regional and of course national jurisdictions. The mediocre refuse to abandon the political establishments.
The recent attacks in Paris were gruesome and tragic, but what's been said and done in the aftermath is enough to make one want to bury their head in the sand and hope to never resurface. Where to begin?

If we continue to make safety a political \third rail\ -- or the province of Twitter and media -- we have less chance to gain the focus needed to create behavioral changes, and these incidents will continue to happen over and over again.

Today's actions by Eric Holder are a good first step to ending the unjust enforcement of this program once and for all. But now Congress needs to pass legislation to make this change permanent.
Even if the country would eventually get to national recognition of marriage equality through the democratic process -- and that is a big \if\ -- the Court is doing its duty by stepping in now.

I first heard Dr. King speak in person at a Spelman College chapel service during my senior year in college. Dr. King was just 31 but he had already gained a national reputation during the successful Montgomery Bus Boycott five years earlier.

The scene is a familiar one


These elaborate illegal acts over many years show a deliberate willingness by Credit Suisse AG officials to knowingly engage in profitable activities that defrauded the U.S. Treasury and burdened honest taxpayers. But the Credit Suisse story does not end there.
Anthropologists and archaeologists do just that. We welcome the opportunity to show Senator Paul and Representative Smith why the work of anthropologists and archaeologists is critical to our nation, in an open and transparent discussion.
Why isn't Senator Durbin, who represents the state of Illinois, not more concerned about black crime and poverty in Chicago, something I could also say about Mr. Guti\u00e9rrez?


The products of American industry had always been available to the Allies. In fact the period from 1914 on had seen an economic boom in the U.S. as European wartime demand had meant a steady stream of orders across the Atlantic. With America's entry, however, the terms of trade would become considerably more flexible and easier to finance.
On a rainy day in Atlanta, Georgia's Republican Governor Nathan Deal and the audience had to move indoors from the Liberty Plaza to the State Capitol.  One would think he also moved political parties, giving an Inaugural Address that a Democrat could have just as easily delivered.
What makes a country small? Bangladesh is a small country in terms of area, but very large in terms of population. Having roughly the same area as Greece, it has a bigger population than Russia (yes, you might be tempted to read this sentence again, but it is true!).
Rand Paul knows that if he can get voters to resent scientific research as much as they resent minorities and poor people, then he and his fellow Republicans will be free to ignore inconvenient facts about climate change, population trends, and other data that goes against the Republican agenda.
A 2016 Romney candidacy seemed a bit farfetched in the immediate aftermath of 2012. Should Romney run for president again, he would be on the same trajectory as Democrat Hubert Humphrey. Will Romney suffer the same fate should he declare a third presidential candidacy?
Oklahoma is a thriving farming utopia that years later would be discovered and once again the \white man\ would betray his words by making it part of the frontier.
Unlike any other place in the world, the U.S. has been the haven for immigrants from around the world to launch ideas for which they have been ridiculed at home. Today, however, the country's immigration policies curtail its potential by making it difficult for immigrants to start a business.
With the authorization of conventional tourism to Cuba, the business community would certainly put pressure on members of Congress, whose political careers depend largely on the private funding they receive from companies, to permanently end the economic sanctions against Cuba.

On its face, Weiss's withdrawal might seem like a relatively small thing. But in politics, this is the equivalent  of a large earthquake, and a big boost to Elizabeth Warren's political influence.

Elections are not \locked\ as early as politicians and pollsters would have you believe.  Moods change, and a constant drum beat for relief of Main Street via fractional taxes of Wall Street could have permeated the electorate's consciousness.
In a divisive world where the leaders are sacrificing the long term safety of a nation for the short term political gains, and putting the nation on a destructive path of exclusion of those who differ, Merkel has done the right thing; choosing inclusion.

The right of free speech the NYPD are angry about when it comes to the demonstrators is precisely the same right of free speech they're using to harass de Blasio. And it's that same ideal of free speech, no matter how noxious it might seem, for which those police in Paris died last week.

If the moderate Muslim community is the key to defeating radicalism that so many seem convinced that it is, then we cannot continue this juvenile attitude of pointing fingers only to pull away and turn our backs when it is their turn to bury their dead.

The threats against our modern, multicultural and diverse societies, whether in America, Europe or Australia, are almost identical. When freedom of speech is under threat, then all that we stand for, all the underpinnings of our way of life, our future is under threat.







In our society, vulgarians like Larry Flynt and the murdered journalists of Charlie Hebdo are the vanguard who protect freedom of speech. They are the canary in the coal mine, whose death warns us of the unseen dangers gathering around us.
We are all ignorant; none of us have all the answers. That fact is not only a strong argument in favor of free speech and against those who would suppress it -- it is a spur toward greater wisdom.
So how do we reconnect the American people to their defenders? The Fallows article includes a tribute by Joseph Epstein to the military draft, but Fallows does not recommend one. It would never fly politically.
AMBIVALENCE IS RARELY, if ever, cast as a positive attribute in our culture. It's associated with indecision, a lack of commitment, weakness.
Reagan-era conservatism is a far cry removed from the Ayn Rand-infused Libertarian ideals the MEvangelicals often flirt with these days.
Free speech, the sacred value we are so zealously defending after the tragic attacks in Paris, is all about choice, agency and reason. We must employ these values in our response to those who wish to trap us in their divisive narrative.

California Democrats are blessed to have a deep bench of talent, and I will decide soon based on what I think is the best way to continue the hard work we've already started together to prevent climate disaster and preserve American prosperity.

Congressional leaders have indicated that they will be holding hearings on EPA regulations that would affect the operation of coal-fired power plants, and on aspects of the Affordable Care Act and the Dodd-Frank financial reforms.
Cuomo's address was more than politics, it was part of an effort going back to our earliest immigrants, to delineate what America is by outlining our moral values.
Just as the gruesome beheadings in Syria rallied a once war-weary public to support the deployment of US troops in both Iraq and Syria, the brutal assault at Charlie Hebdo could have the effect of convincing more Americans that US intelligence should keep the power they have in order to detect a similar act of violence.


As a journalist who covered extremism across the world since the 9/11 attacks, I fear the reaction to al Qaeda attacks more than the attacks themselves. The attacks are aimed at making young impressionable Muslims believe that al Qaeada's words are true. In reality, the attacks themselves don't accomplish that, but the reactions do.
This week all eyes were on Paris as the murderous shooting at the offices of the French satirical weekly Charlie Hebdo, which left 12 dead, culminated in two simultaneous hostage crises in which the Hedbo attackers and four hostages were killed. These heinous attacks were, in essence, aimed at tolerance, openness, dialogue, and diversity -- and are more a test of our commitment to our most bedrock principles than a test of our security capabilities. The way to pass this test is by refusing to compromise those core values. I'd also like to salute our colleagues at Le Huffington Post in Paris, who did a stellar job covering the tragic and rapidly shifting story. It's been a grim few days, but as today's march of solidarity in Paris will no doubt show, what unites us is much more powerful than the forces of division and intolerance.
Governor Jerry Brown isn't much of a party animal, as his latest low-key inaugural festivities suggest, but he showed again that he does have a knack for making a set of impressions.



What was once the \tool\ of law enforcement types, the military, and hunters is now the equivalent of an iPhone, a talisman of connection and social order. It's something that just about anyone can put in a pocket, a purse, or simply strap on in the full light of day in a land where all of us seem to be heading for the O.K. Corral.

Wherever I travel, the questions follow, suggesting that the U.S., if not exactly crazy, is decidedly a danger to itself and others. It's past time to wake up, America, and look around.  There's another world out here, an old and friendly one across the ocean, and it's full of good ideas, tried and true.
I have opinions, and if you read my weekly blogs regularly you know that I do not hesitate to voice those opinions.  But I am not opinionated. I like to think that I base my opinions on \evidence and good reason.\






Je suis Charlie Hebdo. In fact, let's go even further


This week, radical militants from a pseudo-Islamic death cult murdered 12 members of the staff of French satire magazine Charlie Hebdo in their Paris office, ending any hope we had that 2015 would be a respite from 2014's garbage and misery.
I am not suggesting that you read him because he's right, or even worth a lot of thought. I am suggesting you read it precisely because it will likely strike you as wrong, and perhaps outrageously so.

Since September 11, Americans in particular -- though not only -- have supported politicians and opinion-mongers in pivoting their geo-politics and world views on isolated, spectacular, terrible acts by terrible people.





As a nation it's time to close our hypocrisy gap in the treatment of our children and value and protect our children -- all of them. We need to examine with urgency how we treat our children and the gap between what we say and what we do.
These legacies can take the form of significant self-renewing, nonprofit, civic institutions either at the national or regional level. No hidden agendas, no obscure profit motives, no self-aggrandizement; just extending the torch of wisdom, foresight, and imagining brighter futures

For decades, Americans have been trapped in the boom-bust cycle of resource extraction. Approving Keystone XL will further bind America to an industry that is rapidly losing ground to more sensible and sustainable energy solutions.




A key way to begin restoring trust in the government will be for men and women with character, moral courage, and discipline to run for elected office.
As we begin the new Congress, America sees the two parties in both the House and the Senate, along with the White House, making statements that establish positions that distinguish one from another.
In the wake of a guilty plea on felony tax charges, New York GOP Rep. Michael Grimm resigned from Congress the day before the 114th Congress began. Though it is somewhat rare for a member to resign before his or her term even begins, resignations are not uncommon.
The real tragedy of the region is that both sides will not relinquish their beliefs that their holy books are inviolate guides to political settlements in the 21st century.  Until that ever changes, real peace will be in short supply.
Yes, of course Mario Cuomo was a politician, but he was the voice for liberals and progressives at a time when there were few.  We have to remember the time. The mid to late 1980s, it was so unpopular to be tagged a liberal.
Invoking tradition is another way of saying, \this is the way we've always done it, and we have no obligation to change.\  That may be an explanation of how the law got to where it is now, but it cannot provide a justification for why it should remain that way.
Just as the capture of three terrorist gunmen in France will not alter the balance of power in the world, so the presence or absence of the Keystone XL pipeline is not likely to determine the fate of humankind.


Did Wall Street win on Election Day? The U.S. Department of Labor's watchdog agency charged with protecting pension and retirement savings is on the verge of issuing new worker and retiree protections.
As the legitimacy of the old order came into question, the bonds of subservience and obligation that had supported it steadily unraveled. There was no way that the divine rights of emperors and tsars could be reconciled with the rights of the workingman. One would have to go.
Over the past 35 years, Americans have become $27 trillion wealthier. That's an extra $90,000 per person, or $360,000 for a family of four. But it doesn't seem to be making us better off.
Rather than playing partisan politics with the ballot box, state legislators and local elected officials should seek to improve the electoral process and access to the ballot in 2015. After all, politicians should not be choosing their voters; voters should be choosing their politicians.
A beacon for enduring core liberal values in a not infrequently wintry era. Reagan made conservatism seem inevitable. Cuomo helped many remember that it wasn't necessarily so.


Right out of the blocks, House Democrats are pushing a tax reform in the 114th Congress that tackles the extreme gaps between CEO and worker pay. Their maneuver could raise awareness of a CEO pay loophole so outrageous it will be hard for Republicans to defend indefinitely.
I left Governor Cuomo's office that day thinking what I had always thought about him -- that he would have been a great president.  I felt so strongly about this that, at the end of the interview, I mustered the courage to ask him, as many did, why he chose not to run.

The U.S. has been at the center of the Israeli-Palestinian peace process for decades. However, some Palestinians I spoke with said that the U.S. is not the right party to mediate a two-state solution whereas Israelis has said it is.
My time with future leaders of Israel and Palestine leaves me with a somewhat pessimistic outlook, but there is reason for hope.

Voila! You, citizens, are now the shepherds and fiscal beneficiaries of what seems to be an economic perpetual motion war machine, much to the posthumous dismay of Smedley Butler, and the vast majority of other nations on this planet.
My advice to my fellow progressives






As the 114th Congress convenes this week with a Republican \working\ majority, one of their top priorities -- the GOP says -- is to create jobs.

If their names were Clinton and Kerry, or Hagel and Susan Rice, what would Rush Limbaugh have said about their failure to protect America?
When President Teddy Roosevelt preserved the Grand Canyon from exploitation by mining interests, and when President Obama did the same for Bristol Bay in Alaska, what was really at stake is whether we are citizens first, with a heritage to preserve, or just consumers and commercial interests.



Some people think 13 is a lucky number, and some say the opposite.  When it comes to the fresh faces in the Senate, this particular number 13 is likely to be very unlucky for women.
The trial of former CIA officer Jeffrey Sterling, set to begin in mid-January, is shaping up as a major battle in the U.S. government's siege against whistleblowing.

This week we said goodbye to Mario Cuomo. He was an electrifying speaker -- not just because of his style but because of the rich language, the erudition, and especially the soul he brought to his speeches. As he demonstrated in his famous speech at the 1984 Democratic National Convention, shining a light on what we can do better doesn't have to be disheartening, it can also inspire. \There is despair, Mr. President, in the faces that you don't see, in the places that you don't visit in your shining city,\ he said, addressing Ronald Reagan. \You ought to know that this nation is more a 'Tale of Two Cities' than it is just a 'Shining City on a Hill.'\ We also bid farewell to 2014, which I'll remember as the year that awareness of how mindfulness can enhance well-being reached a tipping point. Here's to a New Year in which our inner resilience and wisdom can help us meet the challenges ahead.





Half a world away, the State Department said that it was \concerned\, and called on Azerbaijan to conduct a \transparent\ investigation in line with Baku's \international commitment to protecting media freedom.\ Human rights activists were not impressed.
The issues Brown is championing, in some cases for 40 years and more, dating back to his first gubernatorial inaugural in 1975 and before, are in many respects issues about the future of not only California but also the world.


It was odd, but out of the blue, I found myself thinking about Mario Cuomo just days before his passing. I've known a lot of politicians in my career, and interviewed many of them.  But none has had a stronger and more memorable impact on me than my time with Mario.


Real challenges include lifestyle adjustment, culture differences, and a whole different level of acceptance when someone with a different background moves to America. You are not just learning and adjusting to one culture, but to hundreds of cultures to become a real global citizen.
This means that a large segment of American children lead deprived and difficult lives, and their numbers are increasing. This is by no means a problem restricted to the minority community.
We must remember that we as a Democratic party are at our best when we stand together, for the values that reward hard-working Americans. We need to express this idea, not in the cynicism of Washington politics, but in the politics of the grassroots.
Barack Obama's job approval polling numbers, at times, seem to follow seasonal trends. He usually loses ground in the summer, particularly in August. In winter, however, he usually gains ground. This year Obama seems likely to repeat this pattern, if December's numbers are any indication.


While some see public office as a pulpit from which to act upon a normative set of religious ideals, the legacy of Governor Cuomo reminds us that others see public office as a means to enable Americans to thrive in their spirituality.
On December 17, 2014, representatives of 126 countries who had endorsed the Fourth Geneva Convention Relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War (Convention) met at the invitation of the Swiss government and, by consensus, passed a 10 point Declaration.


And so the time has come for the Supreme Court to step in. The campaign against marriage equality was mapped and executed at the national level, and it continues to impose harms and indignities on individuals and businesses that reverberate across state boundaries.


So it's time to end the noise and hostility, and initiate change.  A good place to start would be for police departments and community leaders to start speaking with each other instead of at each other, and to do it in a meeting room instead of on the streets.





Mario Cuomo was a man of conscience, and both democracy and his faith were advantaged by the intelligence of his reasoning, his example of self-denial in not seeking the presidency, and his willingness to engage in the debate, and do so with civility.  The likes of the Governor will not be easily found again.


A sure sign that former Florida Governor Jeb Bush is planning to do more than just \explore\ a run for the White House in 2016 is the fact that he is severing ties, erasing connections and extricating himself from alliances and relationships that could \complicate\ a presidential campaign.

For those who follow politics like episodes of Game of Thrones, get ready for a blockbuster season when the new Congress begins this week. Cast with committee chairs who rule with the congressional equivalent of the scepter
Some months back, Senate Republicans blocked -- for the third time -- the Paycheck Fairness Act, a bill proposing to close the pay gap between men and women. The goal of the bill -- the attainment of equal pay for equal work -- seems like a no-brainer, right? Yet not a single Republican voted in favor of the Act.
We lost a great man, a giant in the history of the city, of the State and of the country, the country he loved and wanted to make better, fighting one of its most horrible practices





Barack Obama reportedly takes pride in his skill as a card player. Poker is the prime game of politics and politicians. The president's record suggests that he is something less than its master. There is only one group of players whom he beats regularly -- the \liberals\ whose gambling instincts have been honed in endless games of rainy-day Scrabble.

In a world rife with war, religious, racial, gender, sectarian, and political strife, when so many children lack safety, enough food, shelter, health care, and education and suffer unthinkable losses of parents to disease, violence, and war, I hope this New Year will bring adults closer to our common sense and moral responsibility for children's well being.
A stagnant minimum wage redistributes income from workers to owners and managers and, ultimately, shareholders and customers. Minimum-wage increases reverse this redistribution so that workers win back a little bit of what they have lost. That is a good thing -- and an excellent beginning for the new year!
James Chaney, Andrew Goodman and Mickey Schwerner among others were killed for this most fundamental right -- the right to vote. They cannot cry for justice, instead it is the duty of the living to do so for them. I'm going to Selma.


The official \end\ to the Afghan war, while it doesn't mean the end of combat operations, does offer us a moment of disturbing reflection on what has been accomplished these last 13 years, during the first of our wars allegedly to eradicate, but in fact to promote, terror.


Recent events cause the citizen to ask whether there are any rules that might prevent members of the criminal class from also being members of a Congressional class.
What is it about our contemporary political role that makes so much of what we attempt to do abroad ultimately self-defeating?
To put it a different way

Violence is its own barrier. Violence closes minds to the opinions of others, violence darkens the public discourse with the pall of fear and violence silences voices tragically and permanently.
In order to provide a clear picture of the impact China's nuclear upgrade might have on the global balance of power, it is imperative to explore what this upgrade entails.
It is time to reject the failed policies of the past and chart a new course that will better serve America's interests and improve the lives of Cubans and their families. And President Obama's decision to normalize relations with Cuba is the right approach.

Normalizing both economic and diplomatic relations with Havana should be seen not as a victory for the Castro government, but for the people of Cuba. Liberty will come to that land.  The only question is when.  Expanding relations should help speed the process.
Not content just to diagnose and document corporate and political malpractice, Moyers has regularly taken his cameras and microphones to cities and towns where unions, community organizations, environmental groups, tenants rights activists, and others were waging grassroots campaigns for change.

Liberals and conservatives, Democrats and Republicans, centrists and libertarians, independents and people who claim they hate politics, we're all in it together and we're all responsible for our country's actions -- whether we voted for those actions or not.
Now the Republicans control the Senate and the House and will try and pass a radical legislative agenda. How can Democrats put the brakes on it? Filibuster. It is time to give the Republicans a dose of their own medicine.
Why are America's diplomats not speaking out loudly and clearly on Khadija Ismayilova's behalf? Why has the State Department not joined Europe's diplomats in publicly demanding her immediate release from jail?

The concept of meritocracy provides justification and cover to the nation in refusing to acknowledge and in denying the actual causes for the tremendous chasms in the wealth distribution and in educational achievement, and for the overall systemic inequities based on social identities.
Most people have an idea of practical ways to keeps seniors safe this winter

While the \millennial\ generation has widely been seen as the key to future of Democratic successes, there are reasons to believe that the liberalism of millennials, at least on certain key issues, has been overstated.
It is not as absurd as many people think that there would be a rapprochement between the United States and revolutionary Cuba.
By responding to the call of the international community and public opinion in his own country to restore relations with Cuba, President Obama has probably made the most emblematic decision of his two presidential terms and repaired a fault that dates from another time.
Entering the seventh year of his presidency, there is every indication that Obama and his administration are preparing for the full-court press that anti-Gitmo advocates have long been waiting for.

It has been a week since Ismaayl Brinsley, a deranged man with a long criminal record, killed two New York City police officers, Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos, in cold blood, but so far we haven't heard a word from the National Rifle Association.






This week, a world facing crises on many fronts rang in Christmas. Though this is traditionally a season of good cheer, in his holiday address at the Vatican, Pope Francis showed it could also be a time of sober reflection. The often good-humored pontiff delivered a somber message of concern for abused children, refugees, and victims of violence and war. The speech was similar in tone to his annual message to the cardinals, bishops, and priests who run the Vatican, delivered earlier in the week, in which the Pope decried 15 \ailments of the Curia.\ These included \careerism and opportunism,\ \social exhibitionism,\ and \spiritual Alzheimer's,\ seen in those who \become enslaved to the idols that they have built with their own hands.\ His words stand as a worthy challenge to us all to combat indifference and tap into the better angels of our nature -- no matter what religious tradition you may follow (including none at all).
Thank you Congressman Waxman.  Your district, your state and your country thank you for your exemplary service. It is said that words are dwarfs and deeds are giants -- which makes Henry Waxman the world's first 5'-5\ super-giant.

De Blasio has been exceptionally evenhanded in his respect for police while trying to help us grasp the perspectives of people of color. He has tried to be a true friend to the NYPD, in the sense of a friend who believes in you enough to be critical when you can be better.

Don't look now, but President Barack Obama has been inching up in the polls, tying Reagan for this juncture in his presidency. Several polls have him inching up to nearly 50 percent approval rating after a rough 2014.

As 2014 closes, I want to take a moment to look back at what We the People accomplished in health policy and health justice this year. By celebrating these accomplishments, I hope our community of activists can find inspiration to keep up the hard work that waits for us in 2015.
The Best Idea for 2014 was requiring police to wear body cameras. This idea was so good it actually cut across the lines of the protestors and the supporters of police. Many on both sides of that divide support the idea, for what boils down to the same reason
Apparently it wasn't Napoleon who said an army travels on its stomach. But surely the necessity of providing appropriate gear, food, water and other basics to troops was clear after his troops, freezing and dropping from starvation, staggered in retreat after the disastrous 1812 invasion of Russia. Of the 680,000 men Bonaparte took with him, fewer than 100,000 returned. Perhaps nothing that dramatic is about to happen in Afghanistan. But the warning signs of impending trouble are clear

Not only did Hoover have the political power to smear as \subversive\ anyone who expressed a remotely leftist or European Socialist point of view, he compiled secret dossiers on hundreds of influential Americans. Hoover was a true \Untouchable.\


In a political stunt of a lawsuit, Texas and other states claim the White House's immigration initiatives announced on Nov. 20, 2014 are illegal. The problem is that the suit has no legs, because the plaintiffs lack \standing\ to sue.

\War is peace\ double-speak has become commonplace these days. And, the more astute foreign policy journalists and commentators are beginning to realize the extent of how \liberal interventionists\ work in sync with neocon warhawks to produce and sustain a perpetual state of U.S. war.

The possibilities for a comedy about the life of Kim without including a fictitious assassination are endless. The imaginations of Messrs. Rogen and Goldberg were not.  A pity that.


No one is arguing for complete equality of income. Not even close. We celebrate the success of the One Percent, and rightly so. All we ask, especially in this time of giving, is for the compassion, the humility, the shared experience that existed only a few decades ago.

So let's enter 2015 looking forward to a better future. Let's not be a nation of complainers who find nothing good to smile about but plenty to be angry about. If we can't recognize the good in our lives, then we can never hope to find satisfaction. In that case, every year will be a bad one.
You may wonder how a second-term Congressman, in the minority party, who does not sit on the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee, managed to get nine different tax breaks passed in a single year. Good question. I'll answer that next time.


In honor of Christmas Eve, and the recent CRomnibus spending bill, a parody of \A Visit from St. Nicholas\ ...

Some believe the central political issue of our era is the size of the government. They're wrong. The central issue is whom the government is for.

Something is deeply awry in our nation with the world's biggest economy that lets its children be the poorest group and the younger they are the poorer they are during their years of greatest brain development. The Prince of Peace is mocked as we let a child be injured or killed by guns every thirty minutes.
Sorry, Mr. President, for calling you an elephant, although it is a very intelligent animal, as you well know.

Even Obama's supporters sometimes express frustration because the president has refused to act for the sake of acting, shoot from the hip, or jump to conclusions. His approach, no matter the issue, has been measured, studied, thoughtful, cerebral and yes, lawyerly.
It is the time of year to think about the Christmas story, even if the main characters are a bit on the radical side. It is good to remember as we fight the battles of today that common-sense and basic justice have always sounded a little radical, especially to those in power.
Immigrant truck drivers serve a vital role in the trucking industry. Trucking firms need to recognize the increasingly critical role immigrant truck drivers will play in overcoming some of the industry's most pressing challenges and take action to facilitate their increased acceptance into the industry.
This is not a \50 best books of 2014\ list. It is my personal and idiosyncratic list of books I found interesting and/or fun to read (or in a few cases, re-read) and that I think others will enjoy, too.

10 years after the first revelations of torture appeared in the media, my dissertation long since bound in obscurity in my school's library, and not only are the revelations still coming, there is only now the first hint of a real investigation into the specific role psychologists played in this process.
As our nation increasingly becomes service oriented, we must ensure that \service\ does not become synonymous with \enslaved.\ Instead we must adopt best practices and regulations that lift American workers. After all, a thriving working class is good for the nation's bottom line.
Why would politicians and their billionaire backers expend so much political capital (and actual capital) attacking unions when unions in America represent a small fraction of the workforce--around 11 percent?
Gratitude is something we should demonstrate to those we believe responsible for helping us in our time of need, but we should remember to express our gratitude in a way that doesn't hurt those that are still suffering.
Last week, I wrote a piece in this space lamenting the fact that so many Democrats had voted for a budget package that gutted a key provision of the Dodd-Frank Act. The so called swaps push-out provision, now repealed, required banks to separate their speculative business in derivatives from depository banking covered by government insurance and further protected by the Federal Reserve. The broader budget deal, technically a continuing resolution to keep the government funded through next September, also cut a lot of needed public spending and added several odious riders, including one that raises the ceiling on individual campaign contributions to party committees about tenfold. Had Democrats resolutely opposed the deal, I argued, it would have revealed Republicans as friends of Wall Street and enemies of Main Street -- a useful party differentiation between now and 2016.



MoveOn and Democracy for America polled their members. In each case, more than 80 percent supported the campaign to try to draft Warren. Who else has a plan to defeat \no primary\ that can boast this kind of Democratic support?
It is time for smokers and vapers to join the growing anti-drug war movement. Smokers and vapers may not think about it, but they are also drug users and they are being demonized and threatened like other drug users. And vapers may not know it, but they are harm-reductionists.

Senseless crimes are destroying families and taking innocent lives, yet today we live in a society where many are hungry for change, but fail to realize we must first become the change we desire to see.

Leaving aside the fact that states, and for that matter the federal government, cannot force states to criminalize marijuana, the lawsuit gets things backwards -- it is Nebraska, Oklahoma and other states with marijuana prohibition that are creating a public nuisance.



Mr. Obama, in ruling out prosecution for torture, may have thought he spared us bother, but actually he did us harm. By casting accountability into limbo, he makes possible government-sponsored torture in the future and prevents America from recovering the thing most precious
Consider this

In 1964, at the height of the civil rights movement, the great organizer Ella Baker said

This weekend, the New York Times reported that the panel appointed to review the Central Intelligence Agency's (CIA) unauthorized search of Senate Intelligence Committee staff members' computers is expected to not recommend pursuing disciplinary action against CIA officials involved in the breach.

In denouncing Obama's Cuba initiative, Republican political figures have planted themselves firmly in the past, just as they had denounced diplomatic ties with China and the Panama Canal treaty.

Governor Jerry Brown was resolute when I raised the latest disappointing round of UN climate negotiations in Lima, Peru with him. \California will lead the way,\ he declared. \Have no doubt.\

With a bold stroke, the president has shaken up the political and diplomatic landscape from one end of the Americas to the other, with important potential benefits for the United States.

I realize that many factors play a role in the examples I cite above, including the judicial system itself; official versus real life police attitudes, not to mention the law and recent questionable policing techniques implemented in New York City and elsewhere.


It has become more and more evident that the mechanism powering the arts and humanities in our country today is not visionary inspiration but financial comfort, wealth, and greed.


This week brought two very different goodbyes. First, we said adios to 54 years of Cuban isolation policy, with President Obama lifting bans on travel and trade and resuming diplomatic relations. The other goodbye was to The Colbert Report. After nine years and 1,447 episodes, Stephen Colbert signed off in appropriate fashion, with Santa, a unicorn, Abe Lincoln, and a chess match with Death. Then, he was joined by dozens of former guests -- including Big Bird, Henry Kissinger, George Lucas, Katie Couric, James Franco, Cory Booker, Willie Nelson, and myself -- for a bittersweet version of \We'll Meet Again.\ After nearly a decade of Colbert, it's clear that what's truly special about him isn't his amazing wit, incredible timing, or even how staggeringly funny he is; it's his heart. Underneath his blowhard character, his humor consistently came from a place of compassion and truth (in the guise of truthiness) -- exactly what we need in these polarized times. Thankfully, we'll all be resuming ties with Colbert again soon.



Supporters of the various candidates need to stick to the facts about their favored candidate and avoid empty, inaccurate labels in describing other Democratic candidates -- and insist that the media and the pundits do the same.
It was seven years ago when I identified Fulmoth Kearney of Moneygall, Ireland as the most recent immigrant on the maternal side of Barack Obama's family tree. Inheriting land in Ohio from a brother, Fulmoth's father, Joseph, left Ireland for the United States in 1849.
Loath as we are to admit it, there was no single Biggest Winner Of 2014, because the award must be handed, collectively, to the Republican Party. A case could be made for Mitch McConnell, since he will win the biggest prize of any Republican next year




The policy changes are not a reward for the Castros. They are a recognition that involvement, not estrangement, will foster a productive relationship better able to reach our goals of an inclusive, democratic hemisphere.

This week, President Barack Obama announced that the United States would make an effort to normalize relations with Cuba, ending a decades-long policy of distance that had been surprisingly effective in doing nothing in particular.

For The Interview, it appears for the moment, the show will not go on. It's hard to know exactly what motivated the theater chains that cancelled the show. The end result is that we have now allowed the government of North Korea to dictate content.
The Cold War against Cuba not only made life worse for ordinary Cubans. It also diminished America's own democracy and undermined its lofty spoken commitments to human rights and the rule of law.
Since the Marijuana Policy Project was founded 20 years ago, I've oftentimes written a list of the top 10 victories at the end of each year. 2014 was either the best or second-best year in 20 years, depending on how you weigh the legalization victories in Colorado and Washington in 2012.
As an American, a Jew and a proud trade unionist, the actions of a small minority in Local 2865 are very disheartening. In the course of the last ten years, I have participated in numerous labor delegations to Israel hosted by the American Friends of the Yitzhak Rabin Center.
Is it a bit scary that only one in three Americans can name a single Supreme Court justice, but two-thirds can effortlessly name a judge on the TV show American Idol? Is it downright terrifying that more Americans can name all of the Three Stooges than the three branches of the Federal government?







I don't normally concern myself with where the party holds its nominating convention. Normally it doesn't matter much at all. I think this year might be a little different. I think it actually does matter for 2016.

U.S. Monetary Policy - \Print Money\ Isn't this how third world countries manage their monetary policy?
Since the shooting and killing of Michael Brown in Ferguson by a police officer and other tragic incidents between African Americans and police in face-to-face encounters and the subsequent protests, a national dialogue on race relations has begun once again.
The imagery of the giant, brutish, King-Kong-like black man threatening our cities is far from new. Currently it seems to be intersecting dangerously with another popular rhetorical image

We are not only implying a lack of humanity for the tortured, but for the torturer as well. Why should we condone any act that strips someone of his or her humanity, especially if we create a system in which one can slip from the grasp of personhood and never regain it?
It's good for the rich, the powerful, and D.C.'s luxury car rental companies. But the Cromnibus is bad for America, and President Obama needs to step up with his veto pen and do the right thing.
The issue is not whether torture works or does not.  I believe it does not work.  But any cruel and unusual punishment is destructive to the legitimacy and credibility of American values.  The Bush 43 White House should have known better.
If you believe in the minimum wage, then you surely don't believe that an employer should be permitted to require time consuming mandatory procedures at the workplace every workday, without pay.
My country, 'tis of thee, Sweet land of liberty, Of thee I sing; Land where my fathers died, Land of the pilgrims' pride, From ev'ry mountainside... Let freedom ring!


While the U.S. is enmeshed in its political squabbling as a result of the paralysis of Congress, China and Russia are strengthening their economic ties with military cooperation on the horizon.
Transparency is a core component of JTF-GTMO's mission, a repeated pledge of the Obama administration, and a pillar of our democracy.  The courts should force the military to live up to it.
As to who played the scorpion and who played the crocodile, I'd give the first title \Scorpion\ to Dick Cheney and share the second, \Crocodile\ between Bush Jr. and Obama. Cheney injected the venom and Bush and Obama have been drowning in it ever since.
I am tired of listening to our officials say things that are simply and obviously in direct contradiction with what we actually do. Enough is enough. It is time to stop pretending we are something that we are not.
A government shutdown once again loomed, and familiar deadlines and ultimatums flew around Washington. And Congress just used the threat to loosen the rules created in the wake of the financial crisis, a victory for Wall Street banks in their constant and well-funded campaign against reform.
So what's left for the country's torture apologists? Continue to claim that the program saved lives and discredit the report for relying too much on the CIA's own emails and cables, rather than interviews. What they likely won't do is admit and defend the version of waterboarding described by the Senate Intelligence Committee.
Illegal searches in violation of the Fourth Amendment could be justified by gaining evidence of crimes and prosecuting and convicting those who are guilty. Listening in on the content of all conversations could aid in learning of past and future acts of terrorism. The list is endless.
On Dec. 10, I was sentenced me to three months in prison for having crossed the line at a military base that wages drone warfare. The punishment for our attempt to speak on behalf of trapped and desperate people abroad, will be an opportunity to speak with people trapped by prisons and impoverishment here in the U.S.
The continent of Africa did not escape the deadly consequences of World War I. Before the war, Germany had expressed broad ambitions to develop an African empire. In 1914, Germany controlled four principal colonies on the continent.




In case anybody hasn't noticed, democracy in America is dying now. This isn't an overstatement; it's a fact. Corporate interests dominate our politics so much at this point that our government, for all intents and purposes, is merely its handmaiden. Whatever Wall Street wants, Wall Street gets. Corporatism is the new order of the day.





This week, the Senate released its report on America's use of torture after 9/11. The revelations were appalling
Americans now have yet another question to ponder. The U.S. has grossly violated international norms of civilized behavior. We have also broken our word.  Why should American's care?

One observation may be subjective -- often it's not completely -- but when millions speak, it's a greater truth, one no one can reasonably deny. No one wants to be treated poorly. We are all Americans. And more importantly, we are all human beings.
Politicians love to get in front of a parade that is already underway.  Let's make that parade.  Let's make the fight to #GetMoneyOut cool.  I can't help but view this naked grab at money as a conscious last mouth-stuffing, because they know their time is coming to an end.




Elizabeth Warren represents a new politics in which, by challenging the power of the oligarchy, she has the potential of reclaiming the white working class for Democrats and uniting them with the coalition of professionals, single women, gays and minorities who elected Obama.


How do bad laws get made? Quickly, for the most part. No, that's not a joke. The worst laws nearly all have one thing in common





I first met Eric Holder during the Clinton years when he was serving as Deputy Attorney General. Back then, my community was deeply troubled by FBI harassment, the government's use of \secret evidence\ to detain individuals and profiling of Muslim or Arab-looking individuals at airports around the country.
Ferguson. Staten Island. Cleveland. Won't anyone stand up for those poor cops? Maybe this guy...
As long as we are committed to this senseless War on Terror, the CIA will be asked by Presidents to do dark deeds. And to keep those deeds dark, so we can avoid facing up to \what kind of people\ we are becoming.

The much delayed release of the report hit the headlines on World Human Rights Day, which commemorates the United Nation's General Assembly adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in 1948 (due in no small part to American leadership).
If there is never going to be an open competition for the Eisenhower Memorial, and if, in fact, Gehry's self-aggrandizing design is going to be inflicted as a fait accompli on this nation, then at least show us where the money has all gone.
Pritzker, who founded and ran five different businesses in real estate, hospitality, senior living and financial services, spoke about her management and leadership philosophy with me.
For the next two years we will see Republicans do everything they can to deliver for corporate America at the expense of the American people. The only question is whether Democrats will enable them. Will President Obama continue to make compromise after compromise?
Consider these the early slush of the coming Republican winter, the first returns on investment for their donors. Tucked into the 1,603-page bill to fund the government -- that no legislator will read -- are cankerous riders, foreshadowing what is to come.




Not too long ago, those who did not have access to affordable health insurance through a parent or employer were often faced with a choice between paying expensive premiums for coverage or putting food on the table and a keeping a roof overhead.
If conservative victory requires broad-based appeal, I'm not sure Horowitz's message resonates. He believes Rome is in fact burning, but that he is one of very few who have any clue of our predicament. That type of messaging is passionate, but its chances of success are doubtful.
In this significant national moment, as communities around the country raise their voices to demand accountability and humane treatment by those that serve and protect us, the federal government is sending the opposite message.
Racism is so ingrained in the American experience that no one who has grown up here is free of it -- white, black, or anyone else.  Until we acknowledge that, describe it, and share it across the racial divide we are not free.
Just as no person of good faith denies the extraordinary challenges and heroisms of being a police officer, no person willing to listen should ignore the times we shield our eyes, hurrying past a police officer demeaning and humiliating someone, usually poorer and too often a person of color.
Being a citizen in the American police state is much like playing a game of cards against a stacked deck
With the current news cycle highlighting police brutality against African Americans, it is hard not to contemplate the continuing role of race in American life. Despite our progress as a nation and more broadly as a human race, we still struggle with seemingly antiquated modes of thinking that lead to unnecessary frictions between people.
One can only serve on a grand jury if one is a registered voter.  Moreover, that registered voter can only serve on a grand jury if he or she sticks around long enough to serve on that jury and doesn't try to outsmart justice by giving silly-ass excuses to get off that jury -- like I did. I let the Eric Garners and Michael Browns down.
You couldn't invent a worse healthcare system than the nightmare we have created in the U.S. Our medical costs are almost twice as high per person as they are in most other similar countries but produce only mediocre outcomes.
The deaths of Mike Brown in Ferguson and Eric Garner in New York City have largely been seen as two instances of the same tragedy. In both cases, the actions of white police officers led to the deaths of unarmed black men. However, there are key differences that make the death of Eric Garner a clearer example of systemic racism in law enforcement.
Sonia Sotomayor resonates a strength, a kind of grandeur that emanates with a warmth difficult to define. Perhaps it's her radiant smile, or maybe her way of speaking, slow and paced, that makes it feel as if she's clarifying something for her favorite nephew.


Every parent wants their child to have a shot at the American Dream.  For the parents of a child affected by a severe disability such as Down Syndrome or autism, that hope for a secure future is no less powerful.
MEMORANDUM






Israelis and Palestinians have a very similar narrative. The people of each group have moved from one country to another for a long time. Each people have been oppressed by others.
China's concept of Internet sovereignty seems likely to result in a diplomatic cul-de-sac. However, Chinese officials will continue to employ sovereignty issues to occupy conference agendas and stall real progress on international cooperation in cyberspace.
Republicans have already signaled that one of their first priorities will be to repeal or cripple regulations that are supposed to keep our economy stable, protect Americans' money and jobs, and prevent Wall Street consumer fraud and abuse.
Unless the administration leaps back through the looking glass to the real world, the next two years will be grim. Chuck Hagel's departure will not change that forecast. And neither will Dr. Carter's nomination allow an escape from Obamaland-- no matter his qualifications.

If you don't give yourself enough time to sort through the options available to you, you might wind up paying your insurance company a lot more than necessary -- which is exactly what a lot of my former colleagues in the business are hoping for.

No struggle in the world is as unequal as the one between Tibet and China.  Beijing's position in Tibet is unassailable, reinforced by a network of all-weather roads, airports and an expanding railway line that are integrating the world's highest, largest and remotest plateau more closely to the mainland.


This is a fight for the hearts and minds of Sunni Islam, in the region and worldwide. It is a fight that Muslims must lead, that Muslims must win.
When I hear of black and Latino men being stopped, being searched, being harassed, being beaten, being shot, being killed, I never think, well, this has nothing to do with race. The very idea that somehow, of all areas of life, this is the one where race does not enter, makes me shake with anger. It's always about race.


You'd think racial profiling was a thing of the past, but recently the Obama administration re-affirmed the  right to profile by race and religion at airports, border crossings and immigration checkpoints. It's not just disappointing -- it's part of a long-standing surrender to fear.
Enter Thomas Paine, the one truly radical Founding Father, who was fighting for that soul of America. He was also the man who inspired a long and bloody war through his words in Common Sense and American Crisis, words often quoted by Neocons.
The deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner are just a set of recent examples that have surfaced in large part due to our advances in technology. Let us take this opportunity to embrace what unites us, instead of focusing on what makes us different. Only then, will we be able to move our country forward.

Elections, victors are prone to crow, have consequences. Today that gibe carries a tragic truth. One consequence of our recent elections will be deaths -- many deaths. A few thousands or tens of thousands, if we are lucky, millions if we are not. Let us specify some of the ways.
This week, the nation experienced yet another collective shock as a Staten Island grand jury declined to indict an NYPD officer in the chokehold death of Eric Garner. As Chris Rock tweeted, \This one was on film\ -- a nod to the grand jury in Ferguson declining to indict Darren Wilson in the shooting death of Michael Brown just a week earlier. And on Thursday, the Justice Department released a damning report about a seemingly out-of-control police force in Cleveland (where a police officer recently killed Tamir Rice, a 12-year-old holding a pellet gun). In response to all this, largely peaceful protests have broken out across America. The question isn't just how to police our police. The problem is how to fix a broken justice system that has, for obvious reasons, lost the trust of much of our country. The first step is translating people's anger into political action to reassert accountability and put justice back into the justice system. #BlackLivesMatter

No president in our nation's history has ever been castigated, condemned, mocked, insulted, derided, and degraded on a scale even close to the constantly ugly attacks on President Obama. From the day he assumed office -- indeed, even before he assumed office -- he was subjected to unprecedented insults in often the most hateful terms.
It's been 73 years since the Day of Infamy.  So many of the people that lived it are now gone.  But their echoes and the lessons they impart to our lives continue. When I think of December 7, I remember it is the day my elders began the most difficult four years of their lives

With burgeoning inequality due to stagnant middle class income and the top income groups amassing an increasing share of wealth, we are seeing the development of a clear separation of citizens based on a widening income gap.
Political enthusiasm for the pipeline cools.



After white cops kill three black suspects, two grand juries seem steered to no charges. What's different now are huge, national non-violent protests involving tens of thousands yet no demonstrator deaths, unlike '60s race riots. Could this actually be a \teachable moment\ leading to change? Maybe yes, Matalin and Reagan agree.
We need a bold inter-racial movement to demand social justice for all of America's sons and daughters. That movement is already underway.
The tragedy of Ferguson has certainly generated a national conversation about race, about the over-militarization of local police departments, about the excessive use of force and about the prosecutor's abuse of the notoriously unfair Grand Jury system.
It is unimportant whether we agree with the decision of the grand jury or the juries of future trials and the actions of special investigations. The United States is a nation of laws, and the grand jury has spoken for now.  We need to move forward in a peaceful, thoughtful and lawful manner.



It shouldn't be difficult for Democrats to remember what they stand for. These four messages support populist values. They also serve to differentiate the likely Democratic presidential candidate from any Republican.

When voters pass minimum wage hikes in four of the reddest states--Alaska, South Dakota, Nebraska, Arkansas--but still reject Democrats nationally and, perhaps more troublesome, even locally, that should tell you something. It also provides more clarity in terms of the lessons of this election.


Sometimes childhood experiences motivate a lifetime of extraordinary work. That is certainly true for Georgetown University Law School professor and bioethicist Patricia King, a brilliant scholar and one of the most effective leaders you may not know.



Following the announcement of the grand jury's decision not to indict Officer Wilson in the shooting death of Michael Brown, protesters have continued calling for change. I had the opportunity to talk with community pastor and social activist Anthony Grimes while he was in Ferguson.

It's that magical time of year when the wee folk of Capitol Hill actually get something done.  These brief bursts of activity only happen very rarely, of course, and always immediately proceed another one of the many, many long vacations Congress takes during the year.

Senator John Cornyn, Rackspace, and CEO-General Council Kevin Fiur share their insights on a few impending policies that will liberate the entrepreneur... or facilitate idea stealing.

When the bodies of family and state that are supposed to care for us instead crush us in their arms, something is very wrong, very broken. And our institutions are even more broken when there is no punishment for such crimes.
The danger, in the deaths of Michael Brown and  Eric Garner, is that we will define the problem too narrowly.  We will convene panels and commissions to fix the law enforcement and legal system but ignore the broader demands of justice.
For an inside perspective, I turned to Rick Smith, the CEO and co-founder of Taser International - the leading provider of Tasers, cameras and evidence archival software for police departments.

There is overt violence, and there is structural violence. The video of Eric Garner's death shows us an act of overt violence. The larger events which led to his death were acts of structural violence.

Remaining as objective as possible when discussing issues affecting black America is becoming more and more difficult as the number of extrajudicially killed black bodies continues to pile up.
The seven months extension of the nuclear negotiations between the six world power and Iran will likely lead to a more complicated process as well as negative consequences when it comes to domestic politics and reaching a final nuclear deal.
What might they find if they investigated more city police departments?




We already have many of the technologies needed to fight super pollutants. Given how harmful these super pollutants are on our environment, it only makes sense to use these existing technologies to reduce our emissions and slow climate change before it is too late.


What will make these promises and investigations lead to justice and accountability? The pressure brought by peoples movements - like those that are growing now across the country.

A number of federal employees responded to my recent column about the Presidential Management Fellows (PMF) program, largely reinforcing the flaws that recent surveys found in the way agencies manage this premier initiative.

Punishing voters for understandable errors undermines the most basic right in our democracy, while the solution poses no risk to electoral integrity. Numerous states already preserve votes on out-of-precinct provisional ballots, and that should be the rule in Arizona as well.
The people on each side of America's political divide are making a fundamental error at what might be called the level of the spirit.
Each President holds the only office in the United States voted on by all of us. We do not need to agree with our President, but we should remember that, like it or not, each is chosen by a majority of us for this honor. The honor deserves respect. That's class.

The same image is being cynically and calculatedly drummed home by pairing Hillary and Obama. Hillary will be her own candidate and run her own campaign if she runs, but that won't stop the GOP from trying to smear her with Obama.







With two more years in the White House, is Barack Obama really a lame duck, or can we expect some audacity from this often infuriatingly low-key president?  Based on what we've seen in just one month, my bet is on a lot more to come.


There's a reason that almost all medications carry warning labels and why medical doctors and pharmacists discuss ways to reduce dependency risk with their patients.  We see no reason why the cannabis industry should not follow suit.
With new Senate leadership in place, legislative immigration reform is more uncertain, and President Obama's recent attempt to address aspects of it by executive order is not only understandable but a needed helping hand.


Today, the Washington Post ran a \Fact Checker\ story on CAP's estimate and gave it two Pinocchios. We believe their conclusions were incorrect by missing the forest for the trees.



At Thanksgiving Dinner in 2014, there will be many of us sitting around our holiday spreads, particularly older Americans who lived better times, thinking not about how grateful we are to be citizens of this country.
For the past half-century, we've made progress bridging the gaps between the races and addressing inequality.  If we don't want history to repeat itself, we cannot stop now. We must tell Congress to stop cutting successful housing and urban programs.  On the contrary, it must restore funding cut over the last several years.
The United States is under the effects of a big storm
You may or may not agree with their politics, but no one can challenge their chops as attorneys. Yet both of them are saying very dumb things about DHS executive actions on immigration, announced by the White House.
It is time more people, especially the powerful politicians who can actually effect change for people like Michael Brown, to take it upon themselves to personally make a difference in poor communities.
It is becoming evident that police agencies are implicitly prioritizing their own safety over that of the public. This reorganization of priorities is implied by a passive but evident willingness to increase their protection and firepower at the cost of civil liberty and comfort.
Ferguson, Missouri is about a four-hour drive east from where I live in Lawrence, Kansas, yet it seems a world apart. Like much of America, it might be easy to think Ferguson is someplace else, part of another, more broken country. That's the thing about privilege
We must demonstrate Our Power out in the open, across all communities, across an entire nation, in a radical eruption of our refusal to be controlled, manipulated, set up and knocked down as if we no longer matter. We matter. They don't agree. We must show them why they are wrong.
President Obama's recent speech fits a historic and racist framework through which we can describe the exclusion and banishment of people with felonies who are detained and deported.  Even while some parents of citizens will be eligible for relief, parents with felonies and their families will remain vulnerable.
No matter how \respectable\ we are or become, as long as our skin is Black we will never amount to white standards though we are expected to be a reflection of them. Respectability will never be a solution because the issue isn't us; it's how white America views blackness.

These struggles are intertwined, and the core of the issues is very similar. It is the distorted view by the majority of a population that other people are a threat. No individual should be treated differently than anyone else in their community, not in Ferguson, not in Palestine, and not anywhere else.
It is now almost a week after the grand jury decision was released in the case of police officer Darren Wilson's murder of unarmed teenager Michael Brown.  As an artist and activist, I am here to say that IT IS NOT OVER, by a long shot.
This week, our nation paused to give thanks -- a ritual that, when done regularly, has been scientifically proven to increase happiness. And if we make it a habit, we can get the benefits without the offsetting headaches of that dreaded modern malady, Black Friday. This year, the shopping orgy became untethered from Thanksgiving and floated across to the U.K., where it most assuredly did not increase happiness and gratitude. As we all pause for thanks, we should also stop to reflect on what happened in Ferguson, where a grand jury declined to indict Darren Wilson for the shooting of Michael Brown. Although some of the particulars of the case may be in dispute, the fact remains that Brown was an unarmed black teenager gunned down in the street by a police officer -- yet another victim of the profound racial divide plaguing our justice system. As Brown's devastated family said in a statement
Wilson and aspects of police culture need to be held accountable for their role in this process including Wilson's very minimal de-escalation efforts. Such accountability is an actual human need of anyone involved in a process of harm.



Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker is walking and talking a lot like he is running for President of the United States. Here are five things that you need to know about the cheddarhead with Coolidge-like ambitions.
Brown, as was King, was unarmed. Brown and King were not charged with a crime when detained. Brown as King received injuries after he ceased resisting. Brown, as King was, was abused during an official stop. These, as they were with King, are compelling civil rights violations.

I believe people in Ferguson -- like in any other community -- can organize, rally and elect people who will represent them and make fair laws in their name... But that is no easy feat, especially when you lack formal education -- which, by the way is hard to attain when you've been poor all your life.

The administration appears to have lost its collective mind. The president has added ground forces to the battle in Iraq and the military has suggested introducing thousands more. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel might be lucky having been left at the curb.


Since white Americans haven't experienced this long history of living in continuous fear of having their sons and daughters felled by police bullets, this ever-present pain may indeed be difficult to grasp. It is time for white Americans to stop shaming and to speak out against the killing of black children.
In many locations there would be near-constant bombardment from the enemy artillery. Snipers were omnipresent. Many a new man on the front line also learned the hard way that snipers were ready at all times to punish those foolhardy enough to peer carelessly above the parapet.
If police are supposed to protect us, who is supposed to protect us from the police? Despite all this conundrum, we CAN have a better life and make a better future if we aim our resources, voices and votes in the the right direction.
As we discuss and debate the grand jury's decision not to indict Darren Wilson, we'll inevitably have differences of opinion -- some slight; some extreme. But we owe it to one another to ensure that our opinions are founded on a correct understanding of the underlying facts.
Only empathy, which is the root of morality, can bring victory. And that is only possible when we love one another. If we want to understand the fears of our sisters and brothers we have to love some people deeply enough to know them as sisters and brothers and empathize with their fears.
The boundary separating white Anglo upscale school districts from the burgeoning non-white and non-Anglo populations in downscale communities is fast becoming a flashpoint inside America.
My family remains a bit lost as we figure out what to do post-midterms. Our 11-year-old who remained involved throughout the midterms is ready to move on. In the car the other day, she nudged me to find a new hobby.
The Anthropocene presents to anthropologists and other social scientists a profoundly humanitarian obligation. As the Songhay people of Niger like the say
Because of the great social implications of cases involving police shootings of people of color, the presumption in these cases should be that prosecutors utilize the public preliminary hearing process instead of the secret grand jury proceeding.


This year the day after Thanksgiving will be remembered not as the biggest shopping day of the year but as the day Americans took action to demand that Walmart, the country's largest employer, pay workers livable wages and play a part in improving our economy.
Few ever stop to think why we celebrate this moment. When you think about it, it does not make a lot of sense. We have a national holiday to celebrate an obscure dinner party that took place almost four hundred years ago. Why? How did this come to be?

As protests continue across the nation, it is worth asking what, if anything, can be done to address the perception that citizens cannot expect help from the courts when police officers are accused of unjustifiably depriving them of their liberty, property or even their lives.
Wilson's version could have happened, but after comparing the injury photos above with such grandiose claims of Brown's physical presence, it's highly doubtful Darren Wilson is telling the whole truth.




The internal sniping and bickering has already begun among Democratic ranks but it's their own damn fault. The internal debates following the 2014 midterm elections highlight the ideological schizophrenia that continues to plague the Democratic Party.
Yes, apparently that's a new word now
Nevada Assemblyman Ira Hansen, recently elected speaker of the assembly's Republican caucus, stepped down this week. His resignation comes after he claimed that the \relationship of Negroes and Democrats is truly a master-slave relationship, with the benevolent master knowing what's best for his simple-minded darkies.\







The stakes are high. As long as the bankers' culture of corruption goes unpunished, the safety of the global economy -- and of individual families' well-being -- remains at risk.
Even if the federal government declines to prosecute Wilson, it is highly probable that the Justice Department under a 1994 federal law will take the Ferguson police department to federal court itself. Once there, upon a showing of a pattern of civil rights violations, they can force reforms under consent decrees with federal monitors.


Even though I consider myself an engaged citizen and active participant in politics, I had never been to visit one of our elected officials' Washington, DC offices. That's partially because something felt intimidating about it.
The Pentagon has launched a 50th anniversary commemoration of the Vietnam War to provide \historically accurate materials\ for schoolchildren. Get 'em young.

If Alexander Hamilton were here, he would tell us that this is the way it should be. The Constitution is designed to prevent the people from having their way. It is a fundamentally undemocratic document designed to prevent change.
John McCain would much rather have been elected president back in 2008, but for a man who was soundly defeated by Obama, being a Shadow President against that very same man is the perhaps the second-best thing that he could have hoped for.
When America, a country that globally champions the ideals of democracy and freedom, starts to develop political apathy of this magnitude, it compromises its ability to inspire other countries on the world stage, or to attract foreign business investment to its shores.
Boehner Rages
The president's plan steers us in the right direction, but it is up to Congress to permanently fix our broken immigration system. Let's put pressure on the people who are supposed to represent our best interests.
As undocumented immigrants start applying for deportation reprieve, legal-aid and other immigrant-serving organizations will bear the brunt of helping these individuals. These groups will continue providing basic social services, as beneficiaries of the president's executive action will not have access to free health care.
The dugong is a sacred animal on Okinawa, associated with the ancient origins of the Okinawan people and with their continuing welfare.  As a result, the dugong is officially listed as a \Natural Monument\ under Japan's \Law for the Protection of Cultural Properties\ (LPCP). What will become of the dugongs' case in Okinawa?
Southern Justice
Over the many years I have been involved working within the Arab American community, I have had to contend with a range of myths and misunderstandings about both the nature and composition of the community as well as their attitudes toward major issues of concern facing the United States.
Perhaps the call to examine this one case would be understandable if justice came more often, but we've seen these unjust acts in communities of more color for far too long.
Let's play a game, the kind that makes no sense on this single-superpower planet of ours. For a moment, do your best to suspend disbelief and imagine that there's another superpower, great power, or even regional power somewhere that, between 2001 and 2003, launched two major wars in the Greater Middle East.
Lost in the current, ongoing debate over presidential powers and immigration policy is history -- which, as usual, is repeating itself, and offering eye-opening lessons for the present, if only someone in Washington would pause to look back.


There is going to be yet another investigation of Benghazi.  Yes, really -- another one. But don't worry, this investigation is actually going to be very different.  This one is going to be led by a pissed-off (and/or embarrassed) Lindsey Graham.
Much of American public diplomacy, like much of the rest of U.S. foreign policy, is reactive. When a crisis erupts, policymakers respond as best they can to limit the damage. In this social media era, they are often outpaced by those who are better prepared.

If Hillary Clinton had championed issues that directly correlate to presidential authority, like ending perpetual wars or curtailing domestic spying, I probably wouldn't be considering Rand Paul in 2016.
Republican Dan Sullivan will be Alaska's newest U.S. senator, but outgoing Sen. Mark Begich said he'll work in Washington until the last minute to push through legislation that will benefit Alaska.



President Obama has signaled a \new phase\ in the fight against the Islamic State as we send 1,500 additional Americans into Iraq to train and advise the Iraqi army to \start going on some offense.\ Doing so will be no small task.

This week, President Obama announced the temporary halt of deportations for an estimated 4.4 million undocumented parents of U.S. citizens and legal permanent residents. It was a welcome, if belated, move for a president who, as of April, had deported 2 million people. One might think Republicans would welcome a policy that keeps families together and rewards hard work. But the move was met with the obligatory threats of shutdowns and impeachment. \In the days ahead, the people's House will rise to this challenge,\ thundered John Boehner. But, really, all they have to do is what President Obama suggested







Competitively the U.S. is now in a unique global position. It is spending significantly less money abroad to import oil giving its balance of payments a huge boost, and the oil it does import is on the whole cheaper than oil other countries import.

After driving through an hour of cornfields, you passed the suburbs with fancy department stores, followed by the extreme poverty of East St. Louis, and then the city itself. A gauntlet of polar opposites before you even arrived.



If Dempsey, a soldier with a long and distinguished career, cannot in good conscience preside over a military campaign he feels will be ultimately doomed, should he quietly (or noisily) resign?
While I enjoyed Borowitz' delicious satirical cake, it is ironic but yet a sign of the (political) times, that other Republicans have now stepped forward in the wake of the President's speech on immigration with statements that trounce Borowitz' satire.
Americans have voted for two presidents in a row whose main campaign message was they were going to bring the country together, fix the divisiveness in D.C., and build consensus across the aisle. And in the aftermath of Obama and Bush, the country is coming away more polarized and governance more dysfunctional.
The GOP pushes Obama's buttons. Obama -- finally! -- pushes back.
Activist Judit Hatfaludi took a position with Hungary's Feminist Network to coordinate a campaign to lobby for the pro-choice bill back in the '90s. We recently caught up about the current state of women's issues in Hungary, why the annual Pride marches are no longer like jubilees, and what she does now in her current work as a shaman.

Police officers should approach Ferguson protesters with caution and fully respect their constitutional rights. That is the clear message from recent court awards and settlements against police force abuses against demonstrators.


Through the \Russian American Person of Year\ Awards, this social cohesion is paired with civic engagement as well as consciousness about the need to preserve and pass on language, culture, traditions.
The reaction to the President's announcement from his critics has been swift and loud. Regrettably, they have focused nearly entirely on how the president has taken these actions, ignoring entirely any engagement on the merits of the steps taken.
NYT columnist Tom Friedman's latest column made a contribution to our malfunctioning political culture
Women were major players in Senate races from New Hampshire to Georgia to Iowa and Kentucky. They were key contenders for governor's seats in at least nine states. They brought their unique perspectives to the political and policy debates from state legislatures to the U.S. Senate.

On Thursday, comedian Jay Leno cancelled his speaking gig at a gun industry event less than 24 hours after three reform groups launched a petition asking the former \Tonight Show\ host to disassociate himself from the gun group.
What makes Hillary more of a \ball buster\ than, say, Bill Clinton? But Bill is repeatedly praised for getting things done during his tenure, while Hillary is maligned for being pushy.
While the problem to some is that the President spoke at all, the real problem is that we're now saddled with an executive order that cannot be implemented in any meaningful way.
U.S. officials demonstrated a tolerance and forbearance in dealing with Geronimo that wouldn't stand a chance of prevailing today, against a similar \hostile.\
Democratic partisans spread the blame around
Warren's elevation is the latest instance of fundraising prowess helping to open the gates to party leadership, a trend that cements money's role in politics and could worsen polarization.


If imperial has any meaning in the post-colonial 21st century, it certainly means that the (super)power in question has an active interest in attempting to control significant swathes of the planet. In fact, there has never been a power, no matter how \great,\ that has, in such a militarized way, tried to put its stamp of control on so much of Planet Earth.





Living in a rural community shouldn't have to come with a hefty price tag for health care.
Kobani represents a crossroads in the war against the Islamic State (IS). The Battle for Kobani is also a defining moment in US policy towards the Kurds, the construction of Kurdish national identity, and the West's view of Turkey as an ally. Kobani has both strategic and symbolic importance.
What matters here is not the fixing of personal blame (or lack thereof), but the acknowledgment of systemic and historic wrong of monumental proportions and -- at long, long last -- a momentum of social healing that doesn't end prematurely.

President Obama on Thursday made it clear that, if a gridlocked Congress won't do its job on immigration reform, he will do that job himself. Now we should hope that he can also turn attention to an immigration challenge that falls under his own branch of government




As we get ready for Thanksgiving, I hope we feel fortunate to even be able to get and give help so we can move closer to the deeper freedom and readiness to know, which requires as much courages as any other kind of fight.
Birth control is life-saving, life-affirming health care for women. There is nothing \pro-life\ about restricting birth control, and religion is no excuse for this dangerous and ugly form of discrimination.
Allying with Kurdish forces means we can better fight ISIS, as well as empower a Democratic, secular, autonomous region to remain as a front against religious extremism in the area with the same investment.
Hillary's own track record while Senator from New York flies in the face of her posturing on outsourcing. Among labor officials, a nagging question about her commitment to protecting U.S. jobs stemmed from a deal she helped broker for Tata Consultancy Services, one of India's largest technology firms.


The people are for tax cuts, jobs, closing loopholes, tax reform, downsizing government, helping small business, and jumpstarting the economy.

Despite being looted once, Sonny Dayan still believes \good will overcome.\



As Washington leaders charge headlong into a clash over President Obama's plan to issue executive orders on immigration, can we take a minute and talk about what executive orders are?
There is no doubt about the public mood. So why didn't the public vote when there was so much journalistic enthusiasm for the election; when an amazing amount of television time, especially on cable, was given to politics; and when radio goes at politics 24-7?
Government abuse of the grand jury system has become so notorious and problematic, it caused New York Court of Appeals Judge Sol Wachtler to famously say nearly 30 years ago that if a prosecutor wanted to, a grand jury would \indict a ham sandwich.\
While a host of progressive issues are dear to many of us, none of these should cloud our judgment in getting behind the one person who could not only win, but effectively govern this country and keep the conservative dogs at bay...Hillary Clinton.

I was a member of a \rainbow\ delegation of U.S.-advocacy organizations that came to the conference to emphasize, by our example and our words, that the battle against European anti-Semitism is everyone's fight, not simply a Jewish one. It is also a battle that we, as Americans, cannot ignore.
This Open Enrollment period is sure to be drastically different than the first. Now that the time is here, it is important that all consumers be aware of the improvements, changes, and increased options available to them.
We are back again in Iraq except that this time we are also bombing another sovereign nation, Syria, to remove ISIS even though it is not a direct threat to the U.S., according to Joint Chiefs chairman General Dempsey.
In addition to being opposed to the measure he's now tasked with implementing, Rob Patridge lacks the fundamental understanding of both the science of cannabis use and the language of Measure 91.
It was July 1987 and I found myself in a cool, dark, completely packed movie theater, perched on the edge of my seat. The crowd was raucous, the mood electric.

Forget about the rising percentage of Latinos in this country for a moment and consider this number
Religious institutions have always wanted to exercise as much control over the individual as possible, but especially in the critical areas of marriage, birth, and death.






Despite working full time, it's a struggle for Tristean to afford the basics such as rent, electric, and groceries. While past Walmart CEOs have made the equivalent of $16,826.92 an hour, Tristean only makes $8.60.







It is one thing when you are writing for a specialized audience that understands your terminology, but when you have to include legends to explain your terms at the end of articles written expressly for your target audience, I believe we can safely assume we have passed the point of diminishing returns.
Many are now pointing out that Warren's elevation pretty much assures she won't be running for president in 2016, but then we never really believed she would run in the first place. At this point, she'll be much more effective within the Senate Democrats.


All over the country, newspaper reviewers are wasting space reviewing George Bush's biography about his father.  Whether they pan it or praise it, they'll say over and over, as Michiko Kakutani recently did in The New York Times, things like \he writes--\ or \he says--\ Does he?
The proposed Act is a huge step forward in our nation's effort to redesign our surveillance programs to protect the privacy of American citizens without sacrificing the compelling need to protect our national security. This legislation should be signed by the President -- without delay.
Per Prop 47, as long as the possessor is not a convicted felon, adjudicated mentally ill or otherwise statutorily ineligible, misdemeanor.  Write a ticket and mail the person a notice to appear.  It's like catch and release fishing with a barbless hook.
Before we spend billions on various short-term fixes to the Pentagon's existing nuclear enterprise, let's rethink the hundreds of billions the department wants to spend on nuclear weapons we don't need at prices we can't afford.
Obama shouldn't \poison the well\? Really?
Hillary Clinton is reported to be embarking on a listening tour, gathering ideas for a 2016 run. Let's ask Hillary to lead on climate change- to own the issue and not just drop it in as a talking point when the audience is receptive or the time is right.
Next week, Arab American leaders from a dozen key electoral states will convene in Washington to map out a political strategy for 2016. Despite the very real challenges facing these leaders, this generation of Arab Americans can approach the future with some confidence given the progress that has been made the last three decades.


I often wonder if things would have turned differently if Fatah indeed had turned into a proper political party with a clear nation-building agenda, an economic plan, elections and rotation of power.
Regardless of the grand jury's decision, the police response to any public reaction has become an urgent moral concern for the entire nation. The impact of one life being taken in Ferguson has already been felt. Now you must do everything in your power to ensure no other lives are lost and no other persons are hurt.




After growing demands from the grassroots over recent years for bipartisan problem solving to address the nation's continuing economic woes -- from wage and income stagnation to growing asset inequality -- Americans are tired of waiting for a fix.









The US government is America's leading low-wage employer. With a stroke of the pen, the president can have a dramatic effect on the lives of millions of workers, leveraging not only the $1 trillion in spending on federal contracts, but setting an example that will accelerate similar action at the state and local level.



Democrats need to combat the seven \D\s.  They need better long-term planning. They must get their message into the news streams ahead of GOP fear mongering.  Most of all, they need to address the imbalances in the news media.
This is the time for forward-looking measures. We cannot fix the economy based on measures such as GDP that look at our world through a rearview mirror.
The Democratic Party has core values that are very much in sync with most Americans. But this year, too many Democratic candidates lost sight of those core principles -- opting instead to clip their progressive wings in deference to a conventional wisdom that says bold ideas aren't politically practical.
Don't look now, but the midterm elections are not the only huge November win for the politically conservative Koch brothers, and likely not even their most relevant. The CSX Transportation company, a subsidiary of Koch Industries, also scored a huge civil court victory.
It's up to either party to educate the public with regards to their respective platforms, courses of action, and vision of the future. And if they don't give us something to vote for, can they really expect us to keep voting against something else?

This is not about President Obama, but about something bigger and deeper. It's about whether there's any real hope for America, and whether specifically there's hope that Liberal America can and will play the role that our nation needs for it to play.
Dealing with violent extremism occupies, these days, a top spot on the world's agenda. Like the Ebola virus, another global threat du jour, the disease of radicalization is spreading with alarming speed. A reported 20,000 foreign fighters from over 70 countries are now engaged in Syria and Iraq, including 3,000 fighters from the West.
The bottom line is that American voter participation in the electoral process has always been a fragile crucible.  The influx of big money has put new cracks in that crucible - and if not stopped could shatter it altogether.
Creating an environment where entrepreneurs and their businesses can succeed is a key tool in fighting poverty, providing economic opportunity and defeating terrorism, and one that must not be ignored.
Democrats have historically been the party of Social Security and the champion of the middle class -- so what happened?
When I grew up you could walk into a voting booth and just swing a single lever to vote the entire party line.  Now, instead, we have entered what I call the Era of Charismatic Politics, where personalities determine elections, rather than parties.  This changes the landscape, and helps us understand what is to come.
No one should be surprised that the American people are economically insecure and anxious. Seven in 10 voters said the nation's economy is in bad shape. Voters who said the economy was important to them voted 2 to 1 for Republicans.
A few thousand Islamic extremists have shown a greater determination to kill its opponents than the West has in confronting aggressors. The meek policy of not facing down this threat with a global response is inexplicable.
Once a taboo subject in Washington, the value of the U.S.-Israeli alliance has increasingly come under scrutiny among even leading members of the foreign policy establishment.
It behooves Americans not only to pause and consider their war dead, even if just doing so by pondering the anonymous tale of a single lapidary name, but also to think about a contemporary society where the whole concept of such binding sacrifice is equally dead.
After handing over my ID and briefly waiting, I was given my ballot and directed to a booth where I could vote. Upon completion, I scanned my vote. That's when I witnessed something I hoped I would never see; A young African-American male was being denied the right to vote.
I commend President Rivlin for this historic speech. It was a very important first step. But, as one of my Muslim partners in dialogue told me years ago, \Dialogue or talk is not enough!\
By starting off on the negative and accusatory foot, you aren't earning any points, except by those waiting at the castle gates with their pitchforks, and in doing so, you are poisoning the well of conciliation and progress.
Voter suppression cost the Democrats some votes, but not nearly as many as their failure to be a true progressive alternative did.





This week, America went to the polls. Despite much breathless post-election chatter about \mandates\ and \midterm waves,\ the really big story was not who people voted for but how many people sat this one out. With only 37 percent of eligible voters heading to the polls, turnout was the lowest it's been since 1942 -- when voters were understandably distracted. The disconnect between the governed and the government has grown to historic proportions. Why? Perhaps because of the disconnect between a \recovering\ economy and people's daily lives. This might explain why initiatives increasing the minimum wage were passed by huge margins in all four states where they appeared on the ballot, even as candidates opposing a long-delayed increase at the federal level won. People want change, but they've lost hope in the ability of national leaders to bring it. Those celebrating having their ticket to Washington paid for by lost faith and disillusionment should not miss this actual mandate.

Even as Republicans bask in victory and Democrats try to recover from shell-shock, the greater implications of this election are starting to crystallize. It's early, but three lessons particularly stand out.




Is Turkey collaborating with the Islamic State (ISIS)? Allegations range from military cooperation and weapons transfers to logistical support, financial assistance, and the provision of medical services.



In 2014, where Blacks and Latinos are overwhelmingly subjugated to carceral punishments, is it sensible to make the claim that if you don't vote you can't complain?




So, proudly, claims the official website of the Royal Embassy of Saudi Arabia in Washington, D.C. If you were to ask imprisoned liberal Saudi writer Raif Badawi, you may hear otherwise. Or not. He may not be able to tell you what he really thinks.
The United States is a global power with global interests. Our future will depend on how successful we are in shaping a more stable world, from pushing back ISIS in Iraq to checking an aggressive Russia, from nurturing peace in the Middle East to containing the spread of Ebola.


What needs to become a success is not Abbas' campaign, but a negotiated two-state solution. Only an agreement in which both sides will take full responsibility for their present and future will be able to hold in the unexpected reality of the Middle-East.

U.S. jobs, revenue growth, living standards, and prosperity are dependent upon the expansion of markets and demand. While innovation creates its own global markets (especially in advanced nations), the developing countries in South America, the Middle East, Southeast Asia, Indonesia, and Russia offer the greatest trade growth potential.
The primary cause of U.S. structural unemployment, economic stagnation, adverse balance of trade, shrinking revenues, and expanding debt is the export of our high and low tech manufacturing, services, and R&D.
The GOP's dogged vow to hamstring Obama with the tag of a go-it-his-way president and further straightjacket his presidency poses the real likelihood that Lynch could be on the GOP's hot seat. If so, the issue again will not be Lynch, but Obama.

Many historians trace the seeds of the momentous events of November 9, 1989, when the Berlin Wall came down, as being planted back in August 1975 when 35 nations, including the United States, unanimously approved the Helsinki Accords.
People throughout the U.S. have such a bad opinion of politicians that in their early years they prepare for other occupations and vocations, never giving serious thought to becoming a politician.
As pundits and partisans alike are tallying the winners and losers of this year's contests, they should not forget to consider that the real winners were the campaign media consultants and the owners of local television stations, both of whom pocketed hundreds of millions of dollars in advertising revenues.
Hey, Candidates

Whenever I enter the capacious main entrance of the National Constitution Center, I  take pause when I pass by this quote by Teddy Roosevelt that's etched in the wall
Team Obama


Austerity and supply-side economics don't work to create jobs and they don't work with voters. As 2016 looms, Hillary and the insightful Republicans will figure out how to deal with all that, in different ways, but deal with it they will. No one will want to embrace the economic policies and politics of Andrew Cuomo.
Federal courts are vital -- they decide pressing matters every day, whether they are challenges to employment discrimination, corporate malfeasance, or immigration appeals. Do we just throw our hands up on judicial nominations, buying into a lazy argument that nothing much can be done now with a Senate controlled by Republicans?
Call it what you will, it was impressive



My three children are Oglala Lakota. They grew up here on the Pine Ridge Reservation. If they hadn't, maybe they wouldn't have known about the 1890 massacre at Wounded Knee. That's because Wounded Knee, the most famous catastrophe in Native history, is rarely taught in U.S. schools.
In a day when fatigue with and anger at the Obama administration was evident across the country, one of the biggest surprises was here in Maryland.

The consensus among Americans is that \we are a nation of immigrants.\  However, when it comes to efforts to resolve our dysfunctional immigration system in the U.S. Congress, this consensus fails. What is wrong and how did we get in this mess?
The great thing about living in the United States is that if you've gotten caught up in the criminal or military justice system you can go to court to seek redress. That's a lot different from the way it is in places like Iran where you can be arrested and held indefinitely without access to a lawyer or even knowing what charges you face.

The dust from the GOP's mid-term lambaste of the Democrats had barely settled when the declaration was made that the day after the elections was the unofficial start of the 2016 presidential campaign.
What may seem like a surprisingly fast turn toward legalization has actually been a long, slow movement against pot's prohibition -- one that began in the early 1960s, peaked in the late '70s, and then failed to secure a single major victory again until the late '90s.
The way forward on Ferguson are negotiations that bring about fundamental changes in policing, governance and the economy in the St. Louis region, changes that dismantle structures that exclude African-Americans in St. Louis from economic opportunity and entangle in them in a broken criminal justice system.
The diffusion risk and unprecedented economic and military capabilities ISIS possesses should compel US policymakers to devise a new approach to combat the threat it poses.


It's our job, not God's, to create the new story of who we are, and millions -- billions -- of people fervently wish we could do so. The problem is that the worst of our nature is better organized than the best of it.


We can't go into the 2016 cycle thinking that Republican arrogance and demographics alone will save us. We have to have a strategy that simultaneously fires up our base and appeals to middle- and working-class swing voters.
Supporters of Tennessee's Amendment 1 that just passed with 53% of the vote now plan to roll out several regulations to restrict access to abortion. Here is the underlying assumption and net affect behind each of the three new regulations.


Memo to Grimes and Nunn and the rest of the sad parade of upsets-that-never-were
Although Republicans will now control 53 percent of the seats in the Senate, these Republican senators actually represent only 46 percent of the American people. It's a strange kind of landslide, indeed.


To my wife, and surely to most if not all of those giving their oath of citizenship, \civic literacy\ of the sort she and all naturalized U.S. citizens have to demonstrate is at the core of setting an American free.







































































































Republicans should be making a case for freedom. A case not build only on efficiency (which rarely resonates with average voters), but on morality. They need to argue that freedom is the right thing for all Americans.
Detainees at short-term Department of Homeland Security facilities in Southern Arizona have faced \a long term pattern of human rights violations\ according to a report released today.
When it comes to health disparities the burden is obvious, as a myriad of social and individual risk factors combine to form the disadvantage for blacks. Blacks in the United States have a greater risk of illness, injury, disease and death than other racial and ethnic groups.
As the fastest-growing segment of the nation's largest voting bloc and the most active segment of the emerging majority vote, women of color are a key voting bloc with the power to affect electoral and policy outcomes.
Time is running out for Dave Camp to leave a positive legacy on taxes. Putting multinational corporations on the road to paying their fair share would be the perfect parting gift to his Michigan constituents.






Alaskans go to the polls today to settle the costliest election in the state's history -- one in which voters will select the next governor, a U.S. senator and its lone representative in the U.S. House.



Iraq's Sunnis won't fight ISIS for the U.S. says NIQASH, a non-profit media organization operating out of Berlin. Without Sunni support, America's war in Iraq cannot succeed. Here's why.
The Koch's tidal wave of money can corrupt our democracy, but we must not abet it with our silence. We must go the polls and elect leaders who will protect the air we breathe and build a more sustainable future for our children.

Secretary Hogan brings a level of understanding, experience and leadership we just don't see often running for office. He's given us a rare opportunity to bring about the politics and leadership we always seem to ask for, but never get.  Until now.
It is easy to say that leadership is needed.  But that is not going to happen, at least for the next two years. There is however one solution.
Over the past week, there has been a lot of coverage repeating the familiar narrative that young people don't vote in mid-term elections. However, voter registration numbers tell a different story.
As a criminal justice researcher, the debate over Proposition 47 is of great interest to me professionally. As a crime survivor, it's also deeply personal.
The Republican and Democratic parties are SO far apart, on almost EVERY issue, it will take you less than one minute to know who to vote for!
Be afraid. Be VERY afraid! Of Ebola. Of ISIS. Of immigrants threatening to bring both threats across a porous border that can't be protected by a president who can't even protect his own house. Be afraid! Vote Republican.
Military men and women take time out from their families, their loved ones, and sometimes, in the case of reservists, their jobs, on a regular basis to do important work on our behalf. They do it in wartime and in peace. They do it with news coverage or without.
Children do not vote. And, if politicians are not listening and are taking actions contrary to the needs of children, voters must hold them accountable for their actions or inactions or we will fail our kids and our future.


We don't know who will be victorious in Tuesday's midterm elections, but this week science -- represented by nurse Kaci Hickox -- was the big winner. On Friday, Maine Judge Charles LaVerdiere rejected efforts of state officials to restrict Hickcox to her home, citing the \misinformation\ and \bad science\ being spread about Ebola. This came a day after Hickox, who treated Ebola patients in Sierra Leone but is symptom-free, took the most media-covered bike ride outside the Tour de France.  If Maine seeks another order, it should be one thanking Hickox for making us safer, since the way to beat Ebola is to stop it in Africa -- not by disincentivizing heroic medical workers willing to help.  With Maine's Paul LePage joining Chris Christie as governors the courageous nurse has used science to vanquish, kids looking for a real superhero to emulate next Halloween should ready their Kaci Hickox costumes.
Some people watch It's A Wonderful Life at Christmas time; I watch The Candidate at election time. Crisply directed by Michael Ritchie, it is highly recommended for Democrats and independents dreading Tuesday night's results.





Remember when politicians wanted more than anything to do what was right for the good of all people beyond their own personal power agendas, and Supreme Court justices were able to think fairly beyond partisan biases? Hmmm ... yeah, right, neither do I.
Election forecasts report a margin of error of typically 3 percentage points. That means that 95 percent of the time the election outcome should lie within that interval. However, the true error is actually much larger than that.
Head-to-head matchups between candidates have varied this entire election cycle, but one item we've been tracking has remained consistent -- voters want action on climate change.



In the early hours of Election Day, before dawn reaches the nation's capital, Justice Anthony Kennedy is suddenly awakened by someone standing next to his bed. \Who are you?\ demands the Justice. \I am the ghost of Election Day Past.\



They don't want you voting. So vote!!!




Elections often highlight shifts in society.  In America, the upcoming midterm election is no exception. The half-truths that today constitute our political discourse are likely to produce a set of results that will bring us to the edge of darkness.  Fear has trumped science and ignorance has obliterated reason.


If the decision not to quarantine civilians returning from Ebola-stricken areas is based on science, as the president and the head of the Centers For Disease Control insist it is, why is the federal government willing to pay military members for three weeks of unnecessary confinement, keeping them from essential duties?
Empire builders appear to be back in style. They are with us today both in reality and in fantasy. They present the world with the same dilemma that has troubled victims in the past -- how does the rest of the planet deal with them.
The \conventional wisdom\, as projected by some former U.S. officials and pro-Israel groups, is that Israelis will only make peace when they are given everything they want and feel secure. In fact, the opposite is true. It is only external pressure -- especially from the U.S. -- that historically has forced Israelis to make the right choice.
Moms, your vote counts because you vote with your children and family at heart. Showing up at the polls or staying home can make the difference between electing a candidate who shares your priorities and sending one to Washington who doesn't.

Both Sandra and Ben, two young, progressive candidates, have made it clear that they want to remove money out of politics and overturn Citizens United. But until campaign finance reforms at both the national and state level are enacted, what should be the criteria for judging the financial purity of each candidate?
Voters in many communities continue to be subjected to wave after wave of negative political ads. The obvious solution is to take big money out of politics, but another tactic would be to promote bipartisanship, to somehow dispel the rancor between Democrats and Republicans. Is bipartisanship possible? Or is the U.S. too polarized?
Sean Haugh is no conservative - he's not even remotely libertarian. Haugh is a liberal and a man of the left; don't take my work for it, just look at his positions.


While I love the #WhyImVoting hashtag, it's pretty clear to me that until #WhyI'mRunning is more of a thing, it's going to be an uphill battle to pass legislation that makes family life frankly more livable.

I am a millennial, a staunch believer in science and I think it is a shame that this man will be given an opportunity to chair a committee whose central jurisdiction is that of science.
What many Americans often forget is that the Constitution has less to do with their rights than the rights of government.

Welcome to our annual frightfest! Every year, we provide two tales of shrieking horror -- one for Democrats and one for Republicans -- so sit back and prepare to be terrified right out of your cheap cardboard costume.

By enshrining the right to vote in our constitution, Congress would be empowered to enact minimum electoral standards to guarantee a higher degree of legitimacy, inclusivity, and consistency across the nation.

The truth is, there are intelligent, well-spoken, educated people who just don't feel represented by the politicians in Washington; a lot of them. Is there a solution?
The truth is, there are intelligent, well-spoken, educated people who just don't feel represented by the politicians in Washington; a lot of them. Is there a solution?


Ending child poverty in the world's largest economy should be a no-brainer. Children cannot afford the burden of poverty. And our nation cannot afford the costly economic and moral burden of child poverty.
Unfortunately, many voters will head to the polls on November 4th and simply vote down the party line. Far too many won't spend a little time to research the various candidates' actual records beyond their party affiliation.







If President Obama loses the Senate on November 4, it will not be so much a mar on his presidential legacy as it will be a continuation of a recent two-term presidential tradition.
What makes one country more important than another? That's a crucial question to ask when it comes to Libya. The U.S. is now prioritizing the fight against ISIS through airstrikes over Iraq and Syria.  But what about the country we were so focused on three years ago?



As Election Day approaches, two reports show us exactly how corrupted our political system has become. Unless voters come out in force, it looks like corporate money is about to buy itself another house of Congress.
It was I who was ashamed, because when the day began I knew so little about the process of becoming a citizen, and I knew so little about the motivations of the people who were applying for it.
The incumbent is a freshman who is looking ahead to innovative, clean energy sources of the future. The challenger is a former congressman from a previous generation whose views on climate change and fossil energy are almost as old as the fuels themselves.

Though no one can reasonably argue that infectious diseases pose no concern or risk of spreading, as a nation, we must investigate the rational science of transmission and avoid acting on fear, baseless speculation, and apparent political expediency.
Are we in fact paying for all the campaign ads through higher taxes, higher prices, a weaker economy, and a lower quality of life? After all, there's no such thing as a free lunch.


It is often said that politics makes for strange bedfellows. The truth of this aphorism has been illustrated by the ostensible warming of U.S. relations with Iran.


The inclusionary government America's strategy for Iraq rests on is an illusion, a governmental fantasy in 2014 as it was 2003-2011. Everyone with eyes-- except the U.S. government-- can see where this one ends.
The \Life Begins at Conception\ Amendment is first and foremost intended to criminalize all abortions, at any stage


We've put far too much energy into combatting a non-existent problem and too little in resolving real issues of enfranchisement. Remember this when you vote in this general election.
Thirty thousand Americans killed every year, about one million lives lost since Jim was shot. The statistics are staggering. But what Jim's story really shows us is the impact that just one of those bullets can have.
It's unfortunate when an organization tasked with providing help to the needy must ask for help itself. It's even more unfortunate when the help it seeks is rooted in deliberate and systematic suppression.
When a state 'caps' non-economic damages, politicians have essentially decided to value the destruction of someone's life by what that person would have earned in the marketplace, since lost earning are never 'capped.' This promotes a kind of caste system.

Sandra Fluke and Ben Allen are the somewhat similar, often labeled \progressive\ candidates vying for a state Senate seat being vacated by State Senator Ted Lieu who is a shoe-in to represent the 33rd Congressional District in Washington, D.C.
To keep open the Government of the United States, protect a balance of progressive influence in the Federal appellate courts, and block extreme legislation passed by the House
This whole argument boils down to a simple premise



Only by using median wealth as the indicator of a country's wealth can a ranking system produce rankings that reflect the vast majority of people in each of the ranked nations. It's the only fair international ranking-system for the various nations' wealth








If the 14 mass shootings cited by Harvard were the result of Muslims killing in the name of Islam, how would our society have reacted? Is \terror\ only the beheading of a journalist on video or it is also the madman who enters a movie theater and sprays the moviegoers with bullets?
What is Elizabeth Warren up to? Elizabeth Warren's offhand remark in an interview with People magazine strongly suggested that the Massachusetts senator has revised her previous firm declarations of non-candidacy for president and is now deliberately leaving the door open a crack. Asked whether she was considering a run in 2016, Warren said disarmingly, \I don't think so,\ but added, \If there's any lesson I've learned in the last five years, it's don't be so sure about what lies ahead. There are amazing doors that could open.\ That sure opened one door. Is Warren really thinking about challenging frontrunner Hillary Clinton? I'd be surprised if Warren has made any decision on that question, but her remark immediately set off two kinds of political waves.
Design changes in Ebola management protocols make it highly probable that the Ebola hazard in America will be successfully contained. In contrast, the hazard of wealth-concentration policies implemented by central banks is not under containment. This problem threatens the very fabric of democratic enterprise.

With Tom Wolf leading in the polls by double digits, the change in editorial policy probably will not affect this year's Pennsylvania's gubernatorial election. However, it does portend a disturbing trend of future meddling by the owner.
As we head into the final stretch before next week's midterm elections, Americans continue to have wide-ranging views of Obamacare, but even many who have an unfavorable view of it say they would rather see Congress improve it than get rid of it.

On November 4th, vote for an independent. Vote for someone who has some semblance of understanding of the everyday struggles you face. Vote for someone who doesn't fly back and forth from Washington to your home district on his or her own private jet.


The last week of early voting -- and the last week before the election -- is upon us. As of Sunday, Oct. 26 over 7.6 million people have voted. If past patterns hold true, the number of voters will ramp up at an increasing rate.

Are you looking for a nonpartisan voter guide to the Mike Enzi vs. Charlie Hardy Wyoming Senate race?  One that will give you an unbiased, no-spin comparison of candidate positions on key issues?

This week, Ebola arrived in New York City -- America's most crowded and most media-saturated metropolis. So, as word spread on Thursday, so did the hysteria. But thankfully, Ebola (or \Ebowla,\ as some christened it in honor of the infected doctor's sporting foray the night before his symptoms appeared) remains much harder to spread than rumor and misinformation. As threats go, Americans have a greater chance of dying from a bee sting than catching Ebola. Meanwhile, Canadians are dealing with this week's deadly shooting in Ottawa. The media response there stood in stark contrast to ours. Any changes, The Globe and Mail wrote, should not be \as a panicky reaction to a very small number of men\ who \are not an existential threat.\ We could learn much from our northern neighbors. As we heed NY Mayor de Blasio's warning to stay calm, we should also remember Montaigne, who said, \There were many terrible things in my life, but most of them never happened.\

Are you looking for a nonpartisan voter guide to the Jon Husted vs. Nina Turner Secretary of State race?  One that will give you an unbiased, no-spin comparison of candidate positions on key issues?  That's what our Campus Election Engagement Project guide will give you.



Why couldn't the CDC save lives instead of putting them at risk? Why couldn't the VA help patients instead of delaying their care?  Then maybe we would have a little more trust in the feds.
Because Richard Nixon earned the reputation as \Tricky Dick\ and was later associated with the Watergate scandal, many Americans mistakenly believe that Republicans have a monopoly on dirty tricks. They don't.







We must require that all travelers from countries experiencing an Ebola epidemic, including U.S. citizens returning to the States, isolate in place at home for 21 days and immediately report any Ebola-like symptoms. And if an individual who is not a U.S. citizen doesn't have a site in which to isolate once here, serious consideration should be given to denying that person entry to the U.S.
Do you want to support the troops? I mean truly support the troops; the yellow-ribbon magnet on your car doesn't count. If you do, ask yourself a question when you go to the polls
Despicable.  That's the only word for it. I refer to the recent official email \Responding to the Ebola Crisis\ of October 17 from my congressional representative, Bob Goodlatte, of Virginia's 6th District.

Rumor has it that in early November, on the sidelines of the big, Asian regional economic meeting called APEC China's President Xi Jiping and Japan's Prime Minister Abe Shinzo might shake hands.




The Voting Rights Act was passed in 1965 and reauthorized multiple times, most recently in 2004 without a single Senator voicing opposition.  Then two events occurred that shook the nation from its forward trajectory.
Back in 1996, my mother was interviewed on Good Morning America. They were doing a story on the November election and wanted to know why she, an 89-year-old Catholic woman, was voting for Democrats. Her words are as relevant today as they were 18 years ago.

Election Night forecast
I've got my fingers crossed for our neighbors to the south to join us in a legal weed wonderland, and it's not for the reasons you might think.
We hear political pundits saying it is a mistake to compromise. It is important to hold firm on principles, but in most instances, it is possible to reach consensus. There are multiple examples, starting with our founding fathers, of people in government that held very firm views on various issues, but made compromises to reach consensus.

America is, of course, a modern country whose citizens have easy access to the latest and most accurate information. That didn't stop blind fear and willful ignorance from driving these outrageous actions in Oklahoma City -- and others; reportedly a lady in Ohio showed up at an airport in a homemade Hazmat suit.
No doubt the Obama administration feels overwhelmed. Who has time for India? But make time President Obama must. India matters today. It will matter much more tomorrow, especially if Prime Minister Modi commits his political capital to eliminate barriers to entrepreneurship, investment and growth.
In addition to supporting members of Congress and civil servants, U.S. taxpayers support welfare recipients. And they support them lavishly, too. Hawaii, Massachusetts, and D.C. residents receive sizeable welfare payments (Read
Elizabeth Pond, the respected American author who has reported on Eastern Europe for three decades, recently wrote a eulogy for Ukraine. The seizure of Crimea and the humiliating ceasefire imposed on President Petro Poroshenko, she wrote, meant that Ukraine was again \a borderland playground\ for its mighty neighbor.

At a campaign event for Senate hopeful Joni Ernst in Des Moines on Thursday, Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) told me that he is unhappy with Citizens United and would revisit the landmark Supreme Court decision to make it more balanced.  However, Graham does not think any action will happen without a movement.
Republican Neel Kashkari has intensified his attack on Governor Jerry Brown, insisting that he has uncovered \Jerry Brown's Watergate.\ So what does Brown do? Continue to ignore the former Wall Street bailout coordinator, and continue his drive to a record fourth term as California's governor.
Pennsylvania's pornography scandal just keeps getting worse. So far, four people employed by prosecutors' offices have been forced out. Next in line is a member of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court, Justice Seamus McCaffery.
If you haven't seen the masterful William H. Macy movie, Rudderless, you need to. And if you have seen it and are wrestling with something please read on. Moreover, if you felt there was a lack somewhere, anywhere, consider how to find the composure to read on.
With Iraq falling apart and a new enemy on the horizon that's simply a rebranding of the old one, there's a striking observation to be made about two presidents, Congress, and the leaders who send our soldiers off to war.
The Bill of Rights was designed to protect the People from their government. That's quite literally becoming history today as new challenges, now from local law enforcement, chip away at the Fourth Amendment's protections of privacy.

Attempting to predict the outcome of the November 4th midterm elections, political observers have scratched their heads at the behavior of the youngest U.S. demographic segment, the Millennials.

Did you hear the one about the Kentucky GOP candidate who asked his attorney general to investigate the state Democratic Party for allegedly sending out his Social Security number to thousands of constituents? Sorry to say, there's no punch line here, because according to recent reports, it actually happened.
If Republicans take the Senate next month (and if he wins his own reelection race), Mitch McConnell will be that body's next Majority Leader. Then what happens? McConnell's been frank about what the GOP would do with the Senate -- at least when he thinks nobody's listening.


Iran is not a nuclear file, it is a country. An important one. What one brings back from conversations in Tehran is the widespread hope that both political realism and an \ethic of responsibility\ will prevail on all sides.

Either we can choose to elect those who have proven themselves to have the courage and the foresight to make decisions with the long-term benefit of working people in mind, or we can elect those who are too shortsighted and too captive to special interests to make the calls that will help our nation thrive.
Here are the issue-by-issue stands for Mark Warner, Ed Gillespie and Robert Sarvis, with additional links at the bottom for each candidate if you'd like to dig deeper.
This entire investigation into the CIA's role in illegal tortures has died, allegedly because the Senate's Sergeant-at-Arms doesn't trust the CIA, the CIA's Inspector General finds the CIA's accusations against the Democratic-led Committee to be based on \inaccurate information,\ and the U.S. Attorney General asserts that the CIA's case against that Committee isn't worth pursuing.





Tomorrow legislative leaders will join Governor Patrick at Fenway Park to celebrate the passage of three bills, including one which enacts the ABLE provision. This component has the potential to transform life for families with children with autism and other disabilities.
The public has the right to know about any undertakings top public officials engage in that may influence how they conduct the people's business. Next year, I would encourage the Supreme Court to file their annual financial disclosure reports in a more open, consistent and timely manner.

A closer reading of the education ads in North Carolina's 2014 Senate race suggests they are not fully about education.

Many Americans probably think of it as our sleepy socialist neighbor to the north. But Canada is a key ally in the war against terrorism in general, and ISIS in particular. And today's attack is a harbinger of things to come in America.


Finding money feels nice until you realize that the money was \lost\ due to either willful negligence or gross incompetence.
Wherever I go, the question is almost always the same, and it's to be expected, considering my past co-chairmanship of the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States, more commonly known as the 9/11 Commission. The question
Though little has been accomplished by Congress over the last two years, the mid-terms are upon us. it looks like the GOP is getting a free pass this cycle. If Republicans win, it will be because -- and only because -- voters hold Democratic incumbents in red states and Obama in the White House responsible for the fact that things are not better.
It may be that no single race better exemplifies these developments, and foreshadows the shape of future federal elections, than Senator McConnell's competitive re-election contest against Alison Lundergan Grimes.



It had all the trappings of an ALEC-backed attack on democracy
Who do you think Doane Robinson would have chosen for \Mount Rushmore\ if it were being sculpted today? Do you think there are other presidents who are Mount Rushmore worthy?
Critics who call for simplistic solutions like \getting tough\ -- some go so far as to recommend imitating Vladimir Putin, of all people -- are trying to re-fight the wars of the past.

Despite their claims to the contrary, regulations and restrictions are a staple of the Republican agenda, and they always will be as long as the Republicans and their friends are the ones who benefit in the end.  Just follow the very clear money trail.
Instead of constantly condemning, I would like to know what the GOP plans to do. Besides a travel ban which many experts believe would hamper efforts to contain the virus where it started, I have seen no solutions from Republicans to either of these crises.
So here are the issue-by-issue stands for Mary Landrieu and Bill Cassidy, with additional links at the bottom for each candidate if you'd like to dig deeper.
In the vast majority of constitutional cases, the playing field is tilted decisively in favor of one side
What's happening in my town makes me worry for the future of our democracy as well as our ability to deal with issues like climate and pollution at the local level.
When a friend suggested that I accompany him to meet 2015 mayoral candidate Terry Gillen, I saw this as an opportunity to meet the future mayor of Philadelphia.

Are you looking for a nonpartisan voter guide to the Mike Coffman vs. Andrew Romanoff U.S. House of Representatives race? That's what our Campus Election Engagement Project guide will give you!

What America, and therefore the world, got instead was the result of virulent Republican loathing of our government (except when subsidizing or protecting big business). Public funds plummeted while private funding was living down to its promise.
Are you looking for a nonpartisan voter guide to the Nathan Deal vs. Jason Carter Governor's race? One that will give you an unbiased, no-spin comparison of candidate positions on key issues? That's what our Campus Election Engagement Project guide will give you!


This week proved Ebola panic spreads much, much faster than the disease itself -- with the former needing only contact with cable news, talk radio, social media, or political ads to proliferate. But with President Obama appointing an Ebola czar on Friday, we can question our preparedness without legitimizing the fear-mongering. As Dr. Francis Collins, director of the National Institutes of Health, told HuffPost's Sam Stein, without a \10-year slide in research support, we probably would have had a vaccine in time for this that would've gone through clinical trials and would have been ready.\ What will it take to put an end to the short-sighted gutting of scientific research in the name of deficit reduction?
When he was elected in 2010, Kansas Governor Sam Brownback began to slash core government services and privatize the rest. Kids receiving child support payments from absent parents would be among Brownback's first 'crash test dummies.'
This would be the first of three battles that would be fought here over the course of the war. This area was particularly important to the British who needed to protect, from possible attack, their supply lines from the channel ports.
Are you looking for a nonpartisan voter guide to the Michelle Nunn vs. David Perdue Senate race? One that will give you an unbiased, no-spin comparison of candidate positions on key issues? That's what our Campus Election Engagement Project guide will give you!
Our nation boasts the most advanced healthcare system in the world. We have the capacity and know-how to address this public health issue. If we listen to the voices of our nurses and health professionals, we can keep our communities safe and healthy.

AIDs cases pile up but POTUS40 says nothing. After three Ebola patients in Dallas, POTUS44 sends 4000 troops/medical personnel to West Africa, creates CDC SWAT teams, appoints Czar -- NOT ENOUGH says GOP! Ebola Derangement Syndrome?
Are you looking for a nonpartisan voter guide to the Doug Ducey vs. Fred DuVal vs. Barry Hess Governor's race? One that will give you an unbiased, no-spin comparison of candidate positions on key issues? That's what our Campus Election Engagement Project guide will give you!
Are you looking for a nonpartisan voter guide to the Rick Scott vs. Charlie Crist Governor's race? One that will give you an unbiased, no-spin comparison of candidate positions on key issues? That's what our Campus Election Engagement Project guide will give you!
Are you looking for a nonpartisan voter guide to the Mike Ross vs. Asa Hutchinson Governor's race? One that will give you an unbiased, no-spin comparison of candidate positions on key issues? That's what our Campus Election Engagement Project guide will give you!
With elections looming and ISIS on the move, there's been a lot of somewhat predictable talk of terrorists slipping into the country through our \sieve\ of a southern border.  I'm waiting for the Ebola outbreak to become Obama's fault somehow. I mean, he's from Kenya, right? Just kidding.
That headline, of course, quotes the cover to the fictional Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy


Gosh darn it, Florida's Gov. Rick Scott wants you to know that fair is fair and that he plays by the rules. He's going to make his opponent sweat and feel the heat (literally), even if it means putting a floor fan ahead of a debate about the future of Florida.



Our health care system is in crisis, and believe it or not, the worst is yet to come.  The same policies that devastated the individual insurance market last year will begin to hit the employer-provided market in January as large companies are forced into Obamacare
To hear these \experts\ pontificating about Islam or Arab culture is more than annoying. It's downright dangerous. Instead of elevating the discourse, they dumb it down. And instead of making us aware of the enormous complexities involved in these conflict zones, they reduce them to simple and easy clich\u00e9s.
This is political gamesmanship of the lowest order, playing on media and public fears over a legitimate and terrifying health crisis, to again belittle Obama. And with the stakes sky high in the 2014 midterm elections, the dirty political pool by the GOP was totally predictable.


In front of Ovid's statue in Constanta, I met up with Mircea Tuglea, a writer, translator, literary critic, and teacher who lives with his family in Constanta. We spent a good part of the day together, as he discoursed on various sad topics but always with a joke or ironic aside thrown in to lighten things up.
The Internet is replete with apologias for the rich. They are thinly sourced and even less well-thought. The goal is simple
Following the non-binding British Parliament's recognition of Palestine, it has been written a lot about Israel's inaction regarding the peace process. While reporting on Israel's politics and policy, it is important to draw the full picture -- most Israelis want peace.




Politicians with their heads fixated on their reelection polling numbers and their commentator supporters running in circles and, like Chicken Little, crying \The sky is falling\ are hazardous.
Aggressive measures at the source of the outbreak are needed urgently in West Africa. While Americans are understandably concerned for their own welfare, Africans suffer extensively from Ebola and have done so for quite some time.

The challenges of polling Latino voters have received less attention in 2014, because there are fewer competitive states and districts this cycles where Latinos are positioned to be influential. A notable exception is Colorado.

This is what it was called before it was referred to as \global warming,\ and then more accurately and broadly, \climate change.\ Back in the good old days we figured we still had plenty of time to address it. In that period, nuclear threat was the prime concern.
Wherever traditionally under-registered people congregate, this has the potential to do more than reach people in a partisan fashion, or by phone or email.






Are you looking for a nonpartisan voter guide for the Mark Udall vs. Cory Gardner Senate race?  One that will give you an unbiased, no-spin comparison of candidate positions on key issues?




Millions of Americans are frustrated by the Obama Administration. This movement is largely defined as the \Tea Party movement\ but there are millions of other Americans that would simply describe themselves as disgruntled with the Administration as we go into the 2014 elections.

As we face a plague that could spread with the scale and devastation of AIDS, Congress is once again playing partisan and petty politics.

Sadly, trafficking in human beings is not yesterday's news. Worldwide, it is estimated that more persons are held as slaves today than at the peak of the slave trade. In the US, efforts to address trafficking have intensified in the last two decades.
Relations between nations and cultures have some parallel dynamics. When we feel threatened, dishonored or wronged, our natural tendency is to escalate and worsen situations based on the simple logic of our self-preservationist biology.




The point is that \protectionism\ either for trade/job reasons or national security is a dangerous game that most likely will end up hurting everyone involved more than the basic problems that led to that type of economic warfare.
\The political realm is often so different from how people live their lives. This can lead to a rising up of women, who often are in charge of the everyday matters in the household, to challenge the structural injustice in society.\
People who admit they aren't passionate about politics ask me why I'm voting for Wendy. As a mother, I'm voting for Wendy Davis because I agree with her position on women's reproductive rights. However, Wendy Davis is not a one-issue candidate.

So long as we have a free media, hate and fear will be sold in prime time.  But why does the fear sell so well in some areas -- climate change and guns, for example -- and why does common sense and freedom prevail in other areas, like gay marriage?
Imagine a system of college education supported by high and growing government spending on elite private universities that mainly educate children of the wealthy and upper-middle class, and low and declining government spending on public universities that educate large numbers of children from the working class and the poor. You can stop imagining.

It is difficult enough to confront resurgent diseases without an explosion of unhinged conspiracy mongering.
Contrary to conventional wisdom, and many polls, Barack Obama is exactly the right kind of pragmatic leader we need to have as President in these scary times. His steadfastness steered the country through the worst recession since the 1930s.
President Obama has faced a lot of criticism lately for not being \tough enough\ on ISIS. Most of it seems to boil down to this
Thanks to a recent Open Records Request, we find emails to Jefferson County DA Steven LeRiche that prove that tour organizers hold these summits to attack legalization on the ballot.
Halloween, with its blood and gore, witches and werewolves, is a children's holiday because its horrors are fictional. Republicans have picked up on that theme for their Halloween fear-mongering. Fabricating characters and events to induce terror is just part of the GOP-Halloween scheme.
In what other part of our society would we accept 8% approval without demanding change - change that we control?
Dramatic developments last week in the South Dakota Senate race have left national political observers scrambling to make sense of it.
As the U.S. Supreme Court rightfully makes way for same-sex marriage across the country, it simultaneously regresses policy on another civil liberty, voting rights.
When I sat down with Sutton Kiplinger, Greater Boston Regional Director of The Food Project, she narrowed in on the challenge for the food movement.
When Wall Street bankers are stuck in Weehawken for hours on their way to work because the tunnels are shut down, they're going to wish there had been some good old-fashioned \liberal\ spending programs.

On 9/12, nearly all the nations on Earth were emotionally with the United States. If President Bush had defined the terrorist attack as a criminal act, he would have had nearly every nation on Earth join the coalition he tried to form.
I have written about dozens of sad, tragic, individual cases. But one of the saddest of all concerns a young soldier who died eleven years ago last month, appalled when ordered to take part in interrogations that, no doubt, involved what most would call torture.

Iowa remains ground zero for the fight for the Senate, and for early voting mobilization activities. As of Friday, 119,141 Iowans had voted in the 2014 general election, representing 10.5 percent of the total vote in 2010.
This week the world was introduced to a glorious -- if unlikely -- new couple, united for all time by the matchmakers at the Norwegian Nobel Committee



















You know what might help in this crisis-to-end-all-crises? Having a Surgeon General in office. President Obama nominated someone for the job last November, but his confirmation has been blocked ever since.



The rich won't be so easy to persuade -- in a massively unequal society, even modest economic growth still benefits economic elites. Don't worry about growth, worry about inequality.
Much will be said about bringing roads, electricity and infrastructure to underdeveloped regions. But how committed is the World Bank to the planet as a whole when it is doling out its loans?


The isolationism of the United States before 1940 is long gone. The new world of instantaneous communication has destroyed the isolation of Americans from the world. With the end of the post-Cold War era, there are potentially serious future threats to American security.
Vote your interests in November. Continue to be partisan to your heart's delight. Just don't call yourself a patriot if you search to find reasons to disregard objective facts, data and documented history in an attempt to justify rooting against a sitting president.


The U.S. Attorney's motion represents another startlingly repressive action in this continuing witch hunt of a respected Palestinian-American community member.

From the intial @co.clatsop.or.us emails, as well as emails that DA Marquis has sent directly to me, I've discovered numerous instances where DA Marquis is using the @gmail.com address for public business.




Our system of governance - which has steered this nation into greatness over our two-plus centuries - is in shambles. The destructive force America needed Obama to subdue has grown stronger. The future of American democracy is in serious doubt. Can we call such a legacy the mark of a \successful\ presidency?


Verma's nomination comes at a particularly important moment in U.S.-India relations. The landmark election of a new Indian government this past May led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi is widely regarded as an important opportunity to refocus ties between Washington and New Delhi.



Buoyed by the country's boom in energy wealth, our president has been putting oil to work abroad. He has been using energy as the spear of his already highly militarized foreign policy. The result has been a sophisticated weaponization of oil that puts the energy mavens of the Bush administration to shame.
When we hear that a mother is on maternity leave, most of us smile and realize it's a special time in that family's life. But often banks hear something else -- they hear something has led lenders to deny the home mortgage loans for expecting families.
Love it or hate it, we're in the home stretch of election season and we'd better start thinking about how we're going to vote. Especially women and the men who care about them.
Our patients are suffering mentally and physically from outrageous rate increases, and as the Hippocratic Oath makes clear, we must \keep them from harm and injustice.\
As always, in making these determinations I use the criteria of

As ISIS raced through Western Iraq, cutting through Kurdish villages and Sunni enclaves with rapid speed, the United States reacted with shock.  How could the Iraqi Army give up resistance so rapidly?  Why weren't locals fighting back?


As Americans, we are concerned with protecting our people and resources, as well as providing humanitarian assistance whenever possible. It is not always that the 'mightiest of sword' that wins the wars; it is the 'truest of heart.'





We have a great message going into these final four weeks. What national Democrats need to do is tell the story about the big money spent by the Kochs to further their awful anti-American agenda, so that we give this election a narrative that fires up our base and discourages Republicans.


Obviously strategists hope this new website design will help with the diversity-appeal facelift they desperately need. Still, this is an earnest attempt at appearing less racist, sexist, and religious.
The news media is always rife with stories about foreign countries exporting hate and animosity to the United States, but we hear very little regarding those who promote peace and religious harmony, such as Albania. The Pope's visit focused on the harmonious co-existence between Muslims and Christians in the country.

I propose America engage in an experiment by amending the Constitution in order to replace the House of Representatives with a chamber whose votes are based on direct voting by the people.
You are all potential terrorists and will be treated as such. Here's half a Diet Coke as a reward for being compliant.
Last week, President Obama asked the American people to keep his liberal economic policies at the front of their minds this election season. Or as he put it
New Hampshire's state motto has amused the masses for many years. \Live free or die\ is quite a statement, but it is one we Granite Staters cherish. While votes are bought and sold in so many markets, New Hampshire has always been able to think for itself.

This week included the holiest day on the Jewish calendar, Yom Kippur -- The Day of Atonement. This ritual of self-examination and seeking forgiveness is one we could all benefit from. And as this week's headlines demonstrate, there is certainly no shortage of opportunities for public figures to do so. The day after the head of the Secret Service resigned, it was revealed that, just last week, a man impersonating a Congressman had gotten backstage at an event attended by President Obama. In Texas, health officials disclosed that the doctors who saw the first Ebola patient diagnosed in the U.S. initially sent him home, thinking he had a low-level infection. And while Friday's jobs numbers delivered the lowest unemployment rate since 2008, participation in the labor force is at its lowest level in 36 years. No matter which religious traditions you embrace, there's never a bad time for sober reflection on how we, as individuals and as a country, could be doing better.
A  full-blooded war in its early stages is now underway, involving two antagonists, the Islamic State led by Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, known to his followers as Caliph Ibrahim, and the United States of America, led by President Barack Obama.

Frum-Alter disagree on two big topics



What can we learn from the mess of the 2012 election? Could someone who isn't Nate Silver use past polling errors to make predictions for this next election? It's time to start looking at the old polling data to see what might have gone wrong.



The last 40 years prove conclusively that interdiction can't possibly win the war against the cartels. Illegal drugs are more available, stronger, and cheaper than ever. We have encouraged lawlessness and civil strife in every drug-producing nation.

If America could rebuild the countries of its most hated enemies after World War II, why not the Indian Nations? Most Indian Nations were left with little or no hope for a future. Their villages were in shambles.

Man-carrying balloons had been under development for hundreds of years. By the start of the twentieth century, with the threat of war looming, the military turned its attention to these lighter-than-air crafts for observation and artillery-spotting roles.

It's becoming increasingly apparent some new Koch Brothers are on the loose in Washington, lavishing money on liberals and conservatives alike. Like the Brothers K, they got rich on filthy fossil fuel revenues, and are using their booty to buy up think tanks, lobbyists and the best law firms. For good measure, they're tossing some of the nation's top liberal institutions into their shopping carts, too.



At face value, a recent one minute video clip on You Tube leaves little doubt about support for the Islamic State, the jihadist group that controls a swath of Syria and Iraq, among supporters of storied Moroccan soccer club Raja Club Athletic.

The economy appears to be making a slight comeback as the number one issue, and the immigration issue seems to have reached its peak. However, the increasing likelihood that global conflicts may have an impact on American soil may result in additional focus on conflicts as the number one issue.
With so many business-hub communities surrounding Seattle (more than a dozen not counting bedroom communities), residents desiring low-cost local services do not have to drive far to find businesses not constrained by the new minimum wage.
The head of the Secret Service abruptly resigned, after she got grilled by Congress over several disconcerting lapses which happened on her watch. She fell on her sword immediately, to her credit, rather than drawing the story out day after day.

Critics of the coalition may see military action as a threat and think that it will only intensify the problem. However, such critics seem to be ignoring that it was the inaction towards the atrocities in Syria and the failed state in Iraq that resulted in the swelling of ISIS's ranks from a few hundred to nearly 30,000 according to the latest estimates.
The second week of early voting has ended and 88,371 people have voted in all reporting states, with 31 days to go until Election Day on Nov. 4. Early vote should easily eclipse 2010 in absolute terms, and likely signals higher overall turnout.
For the past week, the commercial arteries of Hong Kong have been clogged with (mostly) student demonstrators clamoring for \democracy.\ What is the end game here?  I predict resolution, albeit one unsatisfying to most Westerners as well as a minority of Hong Kong citizens who aspire an American brand of democracy.
When the Secretary of Defense reiterates \no boots on the ground,\ military families don't breathe a sigh of relief alongside the rest of America. We know too much. Whether the Pentagon calls it a combat mission or boots on the ground won't matter much to those doing the job and wearing the boots.





It would be hard to argue that we have not seen some remarkable achievements in the past week or so, most notably in the form of the massive, grassroots power displayed by the hundreds of thousands of people coming together in common cause in the heart of the world's financial capital, New York City.
\The country is definitely better off than we were when I came into office,\ the president said. Notice that he said \the country\ is better off. He didn't say, \You're better off.\

When ISIS started beheading Americans, did it change public attitudes in the Middle East in general, and Islam in particular?  Recent polls have suggested a dramatic shift in public attitudes.




Misplaced diagnostic exuberance has turned age-appropriate immaturity into a psychiatric disease and treats it with a pill, rather than just letting the kid grow up.
Regardless of how they choose to, pollsters are going to be forced to innovate if they want to continue providing accurate advice to their candidates and campaigns.
Many of us in Liberal America learned to regard ideas as a way to capture the truth. But ideas in the world of the right-wing troll don't seem to be about truth. Instead, they are tools to use in political combat.

Two potent forces power the Ebola and ISIS epidemics that the media are ignoring. They're (1) breakdown of governing authority, and (2) dissolution of \social capital\ -- ties of trust and cooperation that empower individuals, families, and others to forge coalitions and tackle common problems at the community level.








To prevent fatal violence against women, we need to ensure communities have the resources to help women who are the potential victims of domestic violence. Moreover, we should do everything we can at both the state and federal levels to ensure abusers do not have access to guns.


The reality is that the president seems to prefer indulging in wishful thinking about how he would like the world to be. That's the exact opposite of a \realist\ or a \pragmatist\ -- when it comes to foreign policy especially, Obama is a \fantasist.\
In countless ways, the political force that has arisen on the right has moved this nation toward tyranny and cruelty and serfdom. Why has Liberal America in these times shown so little of the spirit of America's heroic forebears?


There's a lot more to living wage proposals than emotional appeals to help working families and reaction to corporate welfare. Increasing wages will increase spendable income, which will increase demand, which will increase economic activity that benefits everyone. It's anti-austerity economics turned into a workable program.


An inability to predict the lay of tomorrow's land may, in a way, be par for the course.  If so, however, remind me

In Christie's world, taxpayers cannot afford $7.5 million for women's reproductive health care. But these same taxpayers are on the hook for the $7 million bill of his Bridgegate defense lawyers, who charge $350 an hour.
Clatsop County District Attorney Josh Marquis of Astoria, Oregon, is none too happy about citizens like me poking around in his public records.


As Roberts desperately struggles to cling to office, he is trying to hoodwink the voters one more time. He never expected that the fact he doesn't have a Kansas home would be exposed. But he's been misleading about more than his address for years.






This week brought some notable farewells. First, Charlo Greene, a 26-year-old TV reporter in Alaska, won the Internet when she dropped the f-bomb on air and quit her job to work full-time on marijuana reform (she pulled off a rare viral double play when, during an interview on HuffPost Live, she smoked a joint). Making a less theatrical but far more significant exit, Eric Holder announced he is resigning as Attorney General. Of course, Holder has agreed to remain in his post until his successor is confirmed by the Senate -- so, given the current state of D.C. dysfunction, he may be AG for some time to come. Finally, after a series of violent nightmares, the sports world delivered a fairy-tale ending as Derek Jeter capped his legendary career with a storybook walk-off hit in his last game at Yankee Stadium. We offer them all a sincere -- if ill-thought-out -- #LatteSalute.

The USA is like a patient whose antibodies have run wild, a patient whose antibodies have turned on external threats even when they're not threats, a patient whose antibodies are now attacking healthy tissue within the American body politic.
While the world's attention has been focused on the combined efforts of Arab and U.S. forces attacking the Islamic State positions in Iraq and Syria, there is unfolding in Lebanon, a third front in the war against this violent extremist group. The threat of IS poses an existential challenge that must not be ignored.

Your favorite politician or pundit says there's an easy solution? This should help clarify things...




Pollsters don't typically report their expected turnout, but any number of polls are showing Democratic candidates doing better among registered voters than likely voters. The higher the turnout, the more the electorate will look like profile of registered voters, which could be decisive for who wins Iowa and Senate control.
What's the Exit Strategy?

It took ISIS and related allies' resorting to the ghastly medieval practice of beheading for the West and the outer world to get roused up. American public opinion, largely anti-war, turned around in an instant.

Perhaps the most successful documentary photographer in American history was Lewis Hine, who was born 140 years ago this week. He may be less well-known than other muckraking journalists of his generation, but his work was a key part of the Progressive Era reform movement that made America a more humane society.

Fallout from Illinois GOP gubernatorial nominee Bruce Rauner's private equity firm's ownership and operation of Trans Healthcare, Inc., a nationwide nursing home chain, continues to dog the challenger's campaign.
The news that Attorney General Eric Holder would be stepping down sent a shockwave through Washington. On the whole, was his term worth praising or condemning? We have to say that \both\ is the only real answer to that question.







A proactive development approach fine-tuned from one country to the next, one continent to the next, and one crises at a time is the world's best protection against extremism and human suffering, and the West's best defense against terror.

Rather than trying to bully CODEPINK to stop protesting Obama-Kerry policies, we suggest that Secretary Kerry focus his energies on getting the Obama administration \allies\ to stop aiding and supporting ISIS and its brutal regime of terror on civilian communities.
The proof of Holder's effectiveness was the backhand perverse compliment the Holder baiters paid him in their euphoria over his resignation.

Many of the candidates suggested by the media have weaknesses, or other jobs to pursue.  A tough fight is looming, regardless of what happens in 2014.  Obama needs to consider nominating a Republican, with executive experience.
While the media has skirted this pressing matter, organizers everywhere are trying to put a kibosh on obscene sums of money winning elections.
There is much to be done to prevent a Republican victory in November, and not much time to do it. The good news is that there is substantial polling data which lays out exactly what must be done. The question is, will enough Democrats get the message?






As a 1974 high school junior, I couldn't envision that a day would come 10 years later where I would join Hart's initial 1984 insurgent presidential campaign challenging establishment candidate VP Walter Mondale.

Covered in torture scars, Alonzo fled to the United States, leaving five children behind. After winning political asylum, Alonzo filed visa petitions for his children to join him. The children's fates thus landed in my very inexperienced hands.


If democracy is to endure, it's time for the non-elites to recognize that class warfare is being waged against them and rigorously fight back. It isn't just their material well-being that's at stake, it is also their freedom and our democracy.
There is way too much money in politics trying to drown out the voices of everyday Americans. The only way to push back against all that money is to vote! But come Election Day, that won't be possible unless you're registered.
White House Fence Climber
We all know how the 2003 Iraq War turned out. Today's Iraq syndrome could save us from a repeat of that debilitating war. In doing so, it might also compel policymakers to find a better way to combat terrorism.

In Post-Constitutional America (2001-Present), the government has taken a bloody box cutter to the original copy of the Constitution and thrown the Fourth Amendment in the garbage.
She may want to talk about giving us a 'fighting chance' and the 'fair shot' we deserve. But Truman-esque and Warren-esque don't work for Clinton because, for better or worse, we know her, specifically Democratic party goers know her, far too well.

This week, the Texas Court of Appeals made a ruling that is both outrageous and grotesque... and for the first time in recorded history, it has nothing to do with either abortion or the death penalty.

We need hundreds of Zephyr Teachouts, ready to challenge straying Dems -- whenever and wherever they break their campaign promises, shift their allegiances to the corporate \dark side,\ or forget to \dance with the ones who brought 'em.\ You can call that \civil war\ if you like. I prefer the term \democracy.\
Does the form seem long? It is really not that bad. Trouble getting to the polls? You can elect absentee.






Texas and Washington State both have hundreds of miles of coast line and no income tax. However, when it comes to marijuana laws, the two states couldn't be more different.
While the threat posed by the Islamic State to U.S. interests has been made all too clear, the shift in public opinion and its influence on the political debate in Washington over the use of military force raises important questions about the America's capacity to effectively wage the ongoing global war on terrorism.


Federal judicial nominees routinely -- and appropriately -- assure senators that their personal feelings and political positions will play no role in their judicial decisions. But this particular nominee did exactly the opposite when running for election as a state judge in 2004.
Perhaps it is the warm memories of playing with siblings that obscures what the game's objectives are, how it is played, and the lessons it imparts.  For one, there is the object of the game itself, plainly stated




In most people's minds, \democracy\ means elections. The citizen's role is to be an informed voter. Most discussions of Scotland's referendum assume that the moment of vibrant democracy is over. But there are some like Whitman who see much greater promise in democracy.
The GOP is working desperately to deny the right to vote to citizens it doesn't like. You know, poor people, black people, Hispanic people, old people, female people, especially people it believes are inclined to vote for Democrats.
Congress Acts on ISIS
Disciplining bureaucratic arrogance may look like small ball next to trophy legislation, but it might actually pay bigger dividends by sweetening the nation's currently sour political milieu and so permitting more effective, active government.



On Primary Election day the clerk told me I had to declare myself as a Republican or Democrat in order to get a ballot. As our old friend Rodney Dangerfield used to say, \I get no respect.\


R. Christie and Lamarche focus on Congress -- why it voted 3:1 for Obama's Syria-ISIS plan and who'll make the grade in the upcoming midterm exam? And they split on the greater 'existential threat' to U.S.


This week brought a surprise













Congress followed up their recent five-week vacation with almost two whole weeks of actually doing their jobs, so to reward themselves they're now going to take off on another vacation. Until mid-November.
Russia now owns Crimea and rebel forces in eastern Ukraine are trying to take over that part of Ukraine. This is all being done without any help from Vladimir Putin. If anyone has any doubts about that they were put to bed by a spokesman for the foreign ministry, Alexander Lukashevich.










By invoking Shylock, the villain of The Merchant of Venice, Biden trafficked in one of the most insidious stereotypes about Jews, that the people of the book are unethical money lenders.
While it would be nice to be able to wave a magic wand or pass a sweeping bill to fix the system, it's just not going to happen. Now is the time for determined and steadfast battles on several fronts.

Obama officials used to be fond of saying that, in Afghanistan, \we will know success when we see it.\ So, too, with IS.  Unfortunately, our angle of vision may be a supine one.


Ohio Secretary of State candidate Nina Turner has spent her entire career fighting for working families, stronger schools, and elections that allow all people to cast their ballot fairly, conveniently, and securely. We can support Nina and other down ballot candidates that have the ability to win if we would just show up.



In his New York Times column of September 15, Paul Krugman pleas for open-mindedness and reason. From whence did Prof. Krugman convert from his embrace of dogmatism?
On Sept. 12, 2014 former Bolivian president and vice president, from 2003 to 2005 and 2002 to 2003 respectively, Carlos Mesa visited the Inn at Penn, located on the University of Pennsylvania's campus, to deliver a speech on the future of Latin America.







Talking to your enemies is not synonymous with appeasement. In many cases, particularly when the only alternative is war, the move may be the smartest and most pragmatic option available. Yes, even if it doesn't look good.
In the eyes of many Muslims, it is most certainly not a fair fight and America will gradually and perhaps inevitably begin to be perceived as the overzealous outsider rather than the redeemer we wish to be.


On paper Farenthold's district ought to be competitive. The reality is that it probably is not.
On the third anniversary of Occupy Wall Street, don't be so sure that that the ranting and raving about income inequality, fracking and student debt is dead.

How would Americans fare under losing Texas compared to the British losing the Scots? The idea of a Texas secession may seem less likely than the Scots leaving the U.K., but the vote might be a lot closer than anyone in the U.S. would like.






After losing in 2012 Mitt Romney stated that he is done running for president... but this is 2014 and rumors are swirling. Before too much is made of Mitt Romney chances in 2016, it is important to realize that history is very much against there ever being a President Romney.
The July/August 2014 issue of Politico Magazine sports a special report decrying excessive economic inequality, written by plutocrat extraordinare, Nick Hanauer.







As we face the rugged terrain ahead, our marching orders must be the sobering words that speak presciently from the grave of the late Coretta Scott King
When two politicians debate the role of government, it is almost always Democrat vs. Republican.\u00a0 Which is why it was so refreshing and instructive to read of the debate taking place among Republicans in a small city in southeastern Kentucky.
Submarine craft have existed since the 18th century and more primitive versions date back even further. The First World War, however, was the first conflict in which submarines were widely deployed and were they played a major role in shaping both the course and the final outcome of the conflict.
There is talk of a \new anti-Semitism\ sweeping the globe, but all I see is the same irrational hatred aimed at the same perplexed victims, who are once again left wondering what has energized such bile.
We are of course very excited and happy that we have contributed to the plan to push the IS out of the Nineveh plains and \eradicate this cancer\. But we are not there yet, we will not give up until every single one of our people are safe.
It is not unusual for people to believe the propaganda that their side spews out non-stop with swaggering bravado. That's why propaganda exists. It works time after time, in every part of the world. In viewing the crisis in Ukraine, it is important to first examine our own propaganda.
Unlike picking a side during an election, debating a health care law or arguing about who should be taxed at what level, advocating for addressing climate change won't come back to bite you in the ass. It's different from what we have become accustomed to.
Either the president needs some new faces in the Office of Legal Counsel, or his team needs to do what many of his allies on Capitol Hill are calling for
A critical part of America's plan to resolve all issues left unresolved after nine years of war and occupation is to divide the indigenous Sunnis from the \foreign\ Sunnis, i.e., ISIS, and \unite\ Iraq.
When we look at the situation in Ferguson, Missouri and the tragic death of Michael Brown, we are reminded of the importance of who we elect to our city councils, who sits on our local board of education committees, who we pick to represent us in Congress, in the Senate and more.
Well, we can all relax now. Senator John McCain, who was wrong about Iraq, wrong about the surge in Iraq, wrong about the surge in Afghanistan, wrong about Libya, and wrong about most everything else pertaining to US security, has \vetted\ the Syrian rebels he now wants to send arms to.

The War of 1812 didn't gain America much, as a country. It didn't address the complaints that led the Americans to declare war in the first place. We didn't conquer Canada. But we did gain a certain amount of what can be called our \national identity\ after the war. Right at the heart of this was a new patriotic (and popular) song.
As we witness the drug and criminal justice policies of the \greatest democracy in the world\ lag behind those of an ever expanding list of other countries around the world, more and more are coming down on the right side of history.
Cherrydale Farms is a Pennsylvania-based company which survived the Great Depression and two World Wars. But it couldn't survive Bruce Rauner.
Congress did not intend for the 2001 AUMF to be a decades-long, open-ended, handing over of war authority for use against any terrorist group a president may deem dangerous.
Ever so tentatively, it feels like a new day is dawning here in the Show-Me state -- a day in which many residents are challenging their local and state police around basic law enforcement procedures.
The second open enrollment will be heavily focused on bringing in even harder to reach populations, many of whom will be deemed eligible for Medicaid coverage.
Here in America, we have a knack for twisting around the meaning of a word and molding it into something we can get a bit more use out of. Americans are good at capitalizing on opportunities. In fact, we founded our country on that exact ideology.
This week, the country had a national teach-in about domestic violence courtesy of a grainy elevator video showing Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice knocking out his then-fianc\u00e9e Janay Palmer. The dark, disturbing images sparked the soul-searching coast-to-coast conversation this issue deserves. In the two days after the video's release, calls to the National Domestic Abuse Hotline shot up 84 percent. And while some shamefully implied that victims who stay in abusive relationships are somehow culpable for their abuse, the hashtag #WhyIStayed, begun by Beverly Gooden, provided a harrowing array of deeply poignant answers. Though questions remain about what NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell knew and when he knew it, it's clear this issue goes far beyond the NFL. Ray Rice is just the tip of the iceberg -- beneath it lies a culture and legal system that perpetuates this kind of violence in millions of cases that we never see.


If the Democrats could stick to two economic proposals, Republicans would be put in the position of stating publicly what Mitch McConnell told his billionaires in private

The reality of the war against terrorism is that since 2001, the U.S. has weakened groups like Al-Qaeda, but \hasn't wiped any out\ according to a recent Washington Post article.




Images do matter and again the terrorists understand their insidious power. Social media was not meant for this.


As the US increasingly becomes more embroiled in the Syrian civil war over the next few years, there will be the distinct possibility of \mission creep\. Wikipedia defines mission creep as \the expansion of a project or mission beyond its original goals.\

Katrina and Lowry debate whether a) beheadings and media war whoops forced Obama's hand; b) he gets a boost or blame in November; c) he'll escalate if Bombs-without-Boots fails. What now happens to his desired pivot to Asia, climate, inequality? Ray Rice too is tackled by tape. Is a video worth a million words?

Is there something wrong with urging Democrats to pursue white voters? There's no difference between this and the GOP's strategizing to win more Latino voters. The danger with urging greater Democratic efforts to enlist white voters is that it comes in a context in which that party already has a long history of seeking white support.
It doesn't much matter whether Donald Trump had a hand in blowing off Obama from his golf outing or not. The pattern of disrespect and denigration of Obama has been long set in stone. The golf snub is just the latest incident to fit the pattern.
It is generally known that Ted Cruz can be a demagogue, a quality that makes him immensely disliked by his colleagues. He is also considered to be quite bright and calculating. And so as I have attempted to understand why he did what he did, two distinct scenarios come to mind.

War never brings peace, it always sows the seeds for future wars. War can't stop terrorism because war is terrorism and always breeds further terrorist attacks. ISIS is the natural consequence of 23 years of U.S. war and occupation in Iraq. Bombing ISIS will not work; it will only lead to further violence and death.
Where have you gone, John McCain? A nation turns its lonely eyes to you. Just like the lyrics of Mrs. Robinson, a lot of us wonder what has happened to our country. Where is the pride, the honor, the love for our fellow countrymen?

Probably no Americans are more abidingly tired of war than those who fought in Iraq and Afghanistan. So when Iraq Veterans Against the War gathered in Colorado for its annual convention and to celebrate its 10th anniversary, the question shimmering in the clear mountain air was, what were they celebrating?
Recent events are proving that a criminal record, or least the promise of a criminal proceeding, has become an essential requirement for holding or pursuing political office.


The Christian Iraqi children are the latest casualties of the fluid terror led by the Islamic State militants also known as ISIS -- children whose final memories of home are heavily armed men raiding their neighborhoods and schools.
The current public debate and wave of articles about how colleges can do a better job of providing access to students from low-income families reminds me that for over a century, most colleges have had an affirmative action policy for rich, well-connected white kids. It is called \legacy\ admissions.
More and more, women know that this midterm election matters in their lives, whether it's responding forcefully to unconscionable domestic violence or finally eliminating the inequality of paying women less than men.
The Islamic Republic has exercised a tactical shift with regards to its mass strategic signaling when it comes to its military and ballistic capabilities, development of nuclear technologies,  covert operations, long-range missiles and ICBM capabilities.
It almost sounds as if Mr. McCain is more concerned that he let down the \good guys\ in Syria than he is about the possibility that his ideas and his judgment may be dead wrong, and that America (and the world) could pay dearly for listening to him.



I, an immigrant, consider myself to be an American. But I hope being considered an American doesn't cost me my Bengali name.
Within any given newscast, we can see Administration spokespeople wax on about ISIL while the anchors, analysts and correspondents keep saying ISIS, sometimes directly to one another within the same conversation. How are we to agree on a long term strategy to eradicate this evil if we can't agree on what to call them?

Ralph Nader is to blame. It's that simple. I'm not talking about the election of 2000, where his candidacy was enough to hand the presidency to George W. Bush and all that has followed. I'm talking about when Nader went AWOL as the nation's consumer conscience.









Any ideology fixated on preserving marriage and the nuclear family should be proactively encouraging as many couples to marry as possible, including gay couples. It's time to call out the hypocrisy of the right





We can't forget that the security interests of Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Jordan, Turkey and our NATO allies are threatened by ISIS to a much greater extent than our own. We should insist that they step forward, provide people and resources to the fight, and, most importantly, publicly align with the emerging anti-ISIS coalition.
Revitalizing American traditions of empowering grassroots action and democratic aspiration could give the climate movement appeal far beyond the ranks of the highly committed

The real purpose of an individual-candidate Super PAC is to circumvent candidate contribution limits. Wealthy donors, corporations and other contributors use these Super PACs as vehicles to make unlimited contributions to directly support the candidate backed by the Super PAC.


Obviously, those of us who want to reverse the trend and achieve a more egalitarian America face a formidable challenge
So here I am, 26 and paying out-of-pocket nearly more than I make in a week because a leading insurance provider, on an expensive Gold-Level plan, cannot give me the medication I need. In a country priding itself on innovation, we're doing a hell of a job making sure our young adults can take the risks necessary to push our country forward.
The one constant from the GOP has been that President Obama's foreign policy is a mess. They greedily snatched his quip about having \no strategy\ for dealing with ISIS out of context and finger pointed this as further proof that Obama has been a miserable failure in dealing with any Middle East issue. It's, of course, bunk
Three weeks after the shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, the CERD published a scathing report detailing how the U.S. has failed to fulfill its legal obligations under the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination. Since the U.S. ratified this treaty, it is part of U.S. law.
The increasing number of migrant children being apprehended at the US border has finally focused media and political attention on the humanitarian plight of Central American migrant families.

The time to act on immigration was more than a year ago, when the Senate passed a comprehensive, bipartisan framework for real reform. House Republicans refused to do their job and put the compromise bill up for a vote, and the Obama administration has not yet used it as a blueprint for executive action.
The Zionist colonization of Palestine has proceeded primarily on the principle of the quiet establishment of facts on the ground, which the world was to ultimately come to accept.  It has been highly successful.  There is every reason to expect it to persist as long as the US provides the necessary military, economic, diplomatic, and ideological support.



Though today's Democratic primary in Rhode Island's governor's race might not generate much national press attention, the race is significant as a case study of a way to stop the flood of unregulated outside money in the post-Citizens United era.


Here are 15 issues on their agenda. On your mark, get set, go!
Unless President Obama pulls back quickly, his administration risks becoming absorbed in another interminable, unnecessary war in Mesopotamia with unpredictable but almost certainly negative consequences.
As of this year, more U.S. and NATO money had been \squandered\ on the \reconstruction\ of Afghanistan than was spent on the full post-World War-II Marshall Plan to put a devastated Europe back on its feet. And how has all that spending turned out?

I would like someone to explain to me why we need more research on the characteristics of gun violence to understand why 100,000 deaths and injuries from guns each year constitutes a risk to health.











I am convinced that if we commit to and demand from our elected leaders a commitment to these principles we can once again have a functional and effective system of governance that will render decisions that benefit the long-term interests of our nation.

This week, we lost Joan Rivers, who died on Thursday, at 81-years-young (as Sarah Silverman tweeted

After kicking off the fall campaign with his latest Labor Day weekend tour, Governor Jerry Brown  ...  wait. That didn't happen. I don't know what Jerry Brown did on Labor Day weekend, but it wasn't that.
The media spotlight has all but moved on from the recently white-hot humanitarian crisis on the Southern U.S. border involving upwards of 60,000 child refugees from Central America.  Sadly, the region has faded from the headlines, but the conditions on the ground that force families from their homes persist.

As a survivor of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center, I worry about how we will remember that tragic day 50, 100, even 200 years from now. Our efforts to honor history consistently lead to one of two disappointing outcomes.

An expected decision by Egyptian soccer authorities to ban as terrorist organizations groups of militant soccer fans builds on the definition by Arab autocrats of legitimate, democratic opposition forces as violent threats to their grip on power.
The mayor of the Latvian capital city Riga, Nil Ushakov, stated yesterday in Moscow that for Latvia, \the best thing possible right now is President Vladimir Putin.\ His presence in Moscow and his comments about Putin illustrate how far the views of many Latvians diverge from the Western mainstream on relations between Russia and the West.



We have every reason to be concerned with the fate of the Christian communities of the Arab World. What is at stake is not just the survival of these important minorities; it is the future of the region, itself. Violent extremist groups like ISIS and their kin, pose an existential challenge not only to Christians, but to all Arabs and Muslims.
By continuing with a timetable that is externally driven, regardless of internal conditions, and with an economic squeeze from aid cuts looming, NATO is sending the wrong signals to the Afghan people and to the Taliban, and imperiling security.
It has been clear for the past century what being a progressive means, yet this past year there have been significant attempts to redefine the meaning, for the sake of money on the one hand and hatred on the other.
Ever since three-judge panels on the Fourth Circuit and the D.C. Circuit issued conflicting rulings in July on the availability of tax credits under the ACA, opponents of the law have been trying to rush their case to the SCOTUS. Thanks to an Order just issued by the full D.C. Circuit, the chances of getting the case in getting there just got a lot lower.
Citing the precise and shocking figure of 191,369 known killings over three years, High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay condemned the Security Council's inaction in unusually strong language.

Desperation is the father of bad decisions. At this point in the never-ending saga of immigration reform, mass deportations and the GOP's rabid opposition to immigrants, advocates are pushing Obama to take executive action, bold and sweeping changes to the enforcement of our current ramshackle immigration law. That would be a mistake.

With the 2014 midterm elections less than two months away, it is difficult to open up a political website or listen to kibitzers on radio or cable television without hearing the latest horserace analysis.
This is about the longer haul, when the tear gas canisters are finally empty. It's for those of us who love to talk about \racial reconciliation.\ About \welcome\ and \inclusion.\







This committee's work is far from finished. Its patient persistence is what uncovered the deceptions we were asked to accept at face value as true when this story first broke, and it is our only hope for uncovering the truth.







By all accounts, he's a decent man and a good district attorney for Clatsop County.  But, unfortunately for him, he's emerged as the leading voice for law enforcement's opposition to Measure 91, Oregon's initiative to legalize marijuana.
In continuing my dissection of the obfuscations and half-truths of Clatsop County DA Josh Marquis, I happened upon a statement of his on his personal Facebook page that claims Measure 91's legalization of marijuana won't provide any tax revenues to local law enforcement.
The sooner that the country comes to the realization that whatever the Republicans try to do to Obama in the next two years, his first term successes have already won him a place in history as a very successful president.
As a proud Arkansas native and die-hard Razorback fan, I cannot think of a better topic to write about in my first Huffington Post blog piece than the hotly contested U.S. Senate race in Arkansas, and the many reasons why Arkansans and people everywhere should oppose Tom Cotton.
We recently decided to have an extended email conversation addressing the Islamic State (ISIS) in Faisal's home country of Iraq, being called an \Uncle Tom\ by white people, the existence -- or non-existence -- of a \moderate\ Islam, and the one key factor needed to bring about a true Islamic reformation.

We will all mourn Michael Brown's death and wait to know more about what happened that night. What is clear, however, is that platitudes about \starting a conversation\ will not do.
For some, nationalism can feel like all they have. Others turn to a gang, revenge, or a twisted form of Islam. None of this, of course, remotely excuses invasions, gang violence, massacres or terrorism. But it may be a warning that we can't just flatten the world. We also have to find ways to fill it up.
Barbers and hairdressers, like Dionne Flowers of St. Louis, are an integral part of the society.  The inconceivable, unknown detail in this story is that Dionne had more training for her license as a hairdresser, than the officers who pulled the trigger on Kajieme Powel had for their licenses.


The fact is, the things said on these tapes are far more blunt than Romney in his 47 percent moment. This is crazy stuff, folks, and the politicians who were partying with these extremists ought to be held to account.

In all of our lifetimes we have seen the United States led into war based on inaccurate and false assertions of dangers and horrors, often for the benefit of a few. It should not happen again.
A sense of awakening has occurred in Ferguson, an awakening that by all accounts has given residents a sense of self-determination that will follow them to the ballot box.
There is no doubt that the Visa Waiver Program merits a national discussion free from partisan politics. Terrorists have already used the VWP to gain access to soft targets. Whether additional security measures would have prevented their entry is the $64 million question.
It turns out that justice, like so much of what happens in America, has two faces. Michael Brown's shooting -- and the image of his young black body left lying for hours in the summer sun -- has become a symbol of the many forms of unfairness suffered by youth of color across America.
If the Obama administration finds it necessary to expand U.S. military activity against the IS into Syria, President Obama will quickly face a wave of pressure on Capitol Hill on the need to submit a new Authorization for the Use of Military Force for congressional debate and approval.
To protect the constitutional democratic order, Pakistan needs to pass a law to regulate the right to protest that forbids inciting a crowd to imminent violence, issuing threats to the life of lawmakers, or entering government buildings.
I have now received roughly five hundred emails soliciting DNCC and DNC money, circa ten a day for several months.  Please stop it.  The names of senders are immaterial, since no one would ever believe that anything other than a bot originates this torrent.
With less than 10 weeks to go before the midterm Congressional elections Americans in general are frustrated with Washington. National polls show that about three-quarters of all Americans disapprove of the way Congress is doing its job. Because so much is at stake, this coming election day is not a time for eligible voters to stay home.

It's like facial recognition technology
The choices we make in the voting booth always carry weight, but they have even greater heft in a year when control of the Senate is up for grabs, when GOP leaders have promised to roll back decades-worth of public health and environmental safeguards, and when the threat of climate change grows more severe.
For decades, the United States has been the world's pre-eminent status quo power. The U.S. fought wars to reverse acts of aggression and restore the status quo in Kosovo and Kuwait. Now new aggressors believe they can threaten the status quo with impunity because the U.S. seems unwilling to stand up to them.



Arabs should take the lead on fighting terrorism in the Arab world. Only Arabs can secure Arab lands and people for peace and prosperity. In order for this peace to happen, four key actions must be taken.
How can success be disaster, even in health care? As the Michael W. Smith song says, \Let me show you the way.\
A country which in some way or the other makes itself prominent across the global arena more often because of events which shun its image and bring it into the limelight. Land of the pure, has recurrently surfaced in the form of news that people of the world do not have pleasant memories of.
President Obama's brief stopover in Tallinn en route to the NATO Summit in Wales this week couldn't have been be any timelier. Showing up in person matters a lot to the Balts who are increasingly feeling the heat after Russia's invasion of Crimea and subsequent aggression in Eastern Ukraine.
There is little comfort for the displaced people of Qarakosh who see the most recent attacks as perhaps the final act in their expulsion from Iraq. Hundreds of thousands of Iraqi Christians have left the country in the last two decades. Estimates of the remaining total number of Iraqi Christians are as low as 200,000.
As Americans celebrate Labor Day, they're forced to reckon with some tough facts about the state of our country's workforce.



What if Brown was pretending to charge after taunting verbally, in an arrogant act of defiance, with the intent of pulling back? What if Brown was running, but quickly turned back to surrender, and Wilson mistook that for charging, what then?
Given our overabundance of media and the endless rehashing of \everything that happens\ by everyone with a news show, a blog, a computer; a mouth; frankly, we're all exhausted, seriously exhausted.
One is a throwback to nationalist wars of the past.  The other is a worrying harbinger of the future.  But for Ukraine the future is now.
It is unfortunate that few Americans know much about labor history and the Reuther brothers, who built the United Auto Workers union that transformed the broader labor movement and helped build the nation's middle class.




There was definitely a time in President Barack Obama's life in which he looked forward to August. He was, after all, born on Aug. 4. And Hawaii seems like it's maybe the best part of America in which to spend an August.
This week got off to a horrifying start as a 9-year-old girl accidentally shot a gun range instructor with a fully automatic Uzi. While the manager of the Bullets and Burgers range promised a \policy review,\ how about one for the country? Let's look at why 30 states allow children to own long guns; at why the number of kids dying from gunshot wounds is up nearly 60 percent in 10 years; at why twice as many kids die each year from guns than cancer; at why almost 200 children died from gun violence the year after Sandy Hook. And at what it says about our real regard for child safety that all this can be true while, last month, a mom was arrested for letting her 9-year-old daughter play alone at a playground. This latest gun-related tragedy certainly has more than one victim. How many more children's lives have to be destroyed for us to come to our senses?
Those stout-hearted Americans who were so upset that their president discussed serious matters in a tan suit last week, had good and patriotic reason for their outbursts. But perhaps they didn't notice what would certainly have relieved them of their concern.



Rumors are circulating on the Pine Ridge Reservation in South Dakota about large quantities of oil beneath the surface of the lands harboring the poorest people in America. If this be true then the next question would be
Democrats have established a track record of being tone deaf when addressing military and veteran issues. Though not a matter of life and death, consider the way some Democrats have dealt with a subject that is important to many active and retired servicemen -- college.
In these incredibly challenging times in the Middle East, parts of Africa and Asia, the world needs small countries with New Zealand's record to be sitting in the UN Security Council. And it is important for other small UN member states to see New Zealand win and know that the UN Security Council is accessible for them too.
As political leaders debate whom to blame for the surge of child migrants, most agree on one goal
We are facing a crisis. Deregulation has created a system in which workers are treated as disposable tools, easily replaced when they break.  While the numbers may show job creation, the reality on the ground tells a story of individuals in dire situations.

Congratulations, America. This is why we can't have nice things. And when historians of the future look for someone to blame, I hope they include a brief mention of the outrage over Obama's ordinary suit.

As Silly Season winds to a close, there were a smattering of 'Obama's on vacation -- how dare he!?!' stories, as usual. Obama has taken less than a third of the days off that President Bush did, but that certainly doesn't stop pundits from complaining every time Obama picks up a golf club.

It was a bad day to wear the tan suit.
Israel has previously threatened to carry out attacks against Iran's nuclear installations. Nevertheless, the major dilemma is whether Israel would realistically attack Iran's nuclear facilities.
Across the world, various news sources are reporting on the terrors of ISIS. We know that they are intolerant, violent and well-organized; this last piece is perhaps the most frightening. But what is truly driving our fear of ISIS?


The spectacle of Mitch McConnell kowtowing to Charles and David Koch and other billionaires gathered recently at a luxury resort. This is going to help define the national narrative for the 2014 campaign -- these tapes make 100 percent clear that the modern Republican party is controlled by the Kochs and their billionaire friends.
Almost daily, we are faced by difficult choices we are challenged to confront over a range of foreign and domestic policy concerns. As these choices play out, I am often guided by an important lesson I learned more than four decades ago from one of my heroes in the U.S. civil rights movement, Julian Bond.
Institutional racism is about a system the makes and has made it possible for \bad apple\\u00a0after \bad apple\ after \bad apple\ to be recruited, trained and deployed -- again, and again, and again. Yes, individuals must be held accountable for their actions, but so do the systems that empower them.


We need much more humane tactics in dealing not only with unarmed, young men, particularly those of color; we also need much more humane tactics in dealing with the mentally ill.
Friends of mine who have guns in a household with children don't want to believe that their home is actually less safe, not more. Those who believe in a society with no guns (me), and those who are training their kids on firearms at the age of 5, will never be able to agree on this.


An informal boycott seems to have started already. If Burger King insists on picking a fight with the American people, the response may very well come in the words of one of its own slogans
The sooner modern libertarians realize conservatives are not their friends, the sooner they can get around to actually promoting the extension of individual rights for all people -- including people conservatives hate.
The crime of killing someone is now turned into a battle of narratives where the only other person who could challenge the narrative is dead, and millions of people simply believe that the unarmed black man deserved his fate.
One of the deeper, darker questions concealed in the maelstrom of rage and grief of Ferguson is this one
The National Rifle Association is in a quandary. The organization's leadership, which is sullied by a long history of sexism and misogyny, must continue to grow its market for guns in order to protect gun manufacturers' profits.






Sen. Mitch McConnell, long known as a champion of big money in politics, has made a stunningly compelling case for a constitutional amendment that would allow Congress and the states to restore sensible limits on political spending. We appreciate his help and his clarity.
When candidates seek to satisfy their political base without antagonizing the political center, they often engage in a tightrope act, and the latest high wire act is on contraception.
These audio files reveal the frightening truth about the state of American politics in 2014 -- our country is being held hostage by a minority beholden to corporate interests.
When crises emerge, critics charge that Obama should act more quickly and more aggressively, or they argue that no US interests are involved and the US should decline any intervention. Headlines often claim that the administration has no strategy, no doctrine, or no organizing principle. But for those who study the field, Obama's is an easily recognizable strategy.


A generation from now, I hope that my son does not have to give the same advice to his children as his father and I gave him. The summer of 2014 will be known for something beyond the anniversaries of the civil rights achievements that have led to so much progress in our nation.


There's nothing wrong with a group of people standing against torture and abuse -- there's nothing wrong with lobbying for humane alternatives -- there's nothing wrong with strongly, perhaps loudly advocating on behalf of the defenseless animals who exist at the receiving end of our collective selfishness and gluttony.
Many see Perry's 2012 presidential campaign as laughable.  Many more believed he could never be taken seriously again after his poor performance (particularly in debates).  However, there is nothing more persuasive in moving voters than empathy.
Finding a place of compromise is commendable. But the budget accord earlier this month was silent on a critical issue that can wait no longer
The swift and dramatic rise of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and the group's de facto transformation from a terrorist organization into a terrorist government with a potent army is daunting and scary. But it's not totally unexpected.
Rep. Rodney Davis is far out of step with most Americans who want clean air, land, water and for the government to do something about climate change. And he needs to show some leadership by embracing his own words by taking action on climate change.
There is no crisis between India and Pakistan that has not been tried on for size. The latest one, though, comes at a time that could have been pivotal for a sustainable thaw between the neuralgic neighbors.
Can we as a society cut through this vail and begin to know and understand those different from ourselves, to have the ability to walk in the shoes of another, to break down these \us\ versus \them\ notions that separate?  First, we must abolish the denial systems that prevent many of us grasping our social privileges.
This week at UCLA, more than 200 day laborers from across the country will come together for the eighth national convention of the National Day Laborer Organizing Network. They will gather to share experiences and struggles, celebrate victories, and continue the development of national and local strategies.
The claims of President Obama and Attorney General Holder that they seek justice in the death of unarmed teenager Michael Brown by a police officer in Ferguson, Missouri, have a hollow ring.
In last few days I have appeared on a number of Arab TV channels discussing the growing threat of ISIL and what will be required to fully defeat the organization. ISIL is an existential threat to every Muslim, every Arab -- and soon an existential threat to everyone.
No business can survive by hiding prices. It is clear the federal government doesn't have the price discipline of a business, but that should not allow it to force this bad behavior onto the airlines.

This weekend's quake got plenty of news coverage, starting Sunday morning. So I thought it would be a good time to share my story from the \Big One,\ which starts with some generalized comments about earthquakes for the benefit of those who have never felt one.
Nothing is more damaging to research than funding instability. The universities and many research laboratories  -- including those run by the government -- operate like concertinas. They expand and contract according the whim of Congress.
The German General Staff believed that it would take Russia a minimum of six weeks to mobilize its troops. In less than three weeks, however, the Russian First Army and the Second Army of General Alexander Samsonov began to advance into East Prussia.
This week was dominated by news from Ferguson -- but much of what was really happening went untold by the media. While TV viewers were mostly presented with endless images of tear gas, violence and division, a fuller depiction would have revealed a community challenged by adversity, underrepresentation and institutional failure that responded with remarkable empathy, kindness and trust. At HuffPost, in addition to covering the protests, the failure of those sworn to serve the citizens of Ferguson, and the entrenched role of race, we also tried to shine a light on how the community came together -- cleaning up, handing out food, and raising money. There was a lot more love than looting in Ferguson, more compassion than conflict. How the media covers a crisis matters -- and showing only one side breeds cynicism about what we can become. The brave citizens of Ferguson have risen to the occasion. I hope the media will join them.











While we do not know all the facts on the ground in Ferguson, we know that militarization on a national level can often do more harm than good. It has eroded trust between law enforcement and ordinary citizens, and it certainly hasn't eradicated the drug scourge from our communities.
We love to pick sides and weigh the consequences of other's actions and find a safe place to land ideologically. We love our psychology and philosophy and our reason. But there is no getting away from what lurks way down there.
The events unfolding in Missouri have brought all eyes on the issue of law enforcement practices. Racial disparities in our justice system abound. But there is also a subtler dynamic at work
The UN Security Council dramatically escalated the conflict with al Qaeda splinter groups by passing UN Resolution 2170. This UN Security Council is the latest in a series of draconian UN Resolutions against terror groups pursuant to its responsibility of forgotten obligations.
This is the year in which we celebrated the 50th anniversary of the signing of the Civil Rights Bill. Instead of being able to reflect on the distance we have traveled since 1964, the horrific events unfolding in Ferguson, Missouri only served to remind us of how far we still have to go.

150 years ago to the day, the first Geneva Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded and Sick in Armed Forces in the Field was adopted, declaring that even in times of war, a certain degree of humanity must be preserved. We are now calling for stricter compliance with this principle.
Policing Ferguson
Whatever one thinks of the President's actions so far, it does not seem likely that there will be a majority in Congress in the near future to force the withdrawal of U.S. military forces. But there might well be a majority in the near future to insist that a military campaign that goes on for months needs explicit Congressional authorization.

We're going to focus on the aftermath and ramifications of what has been happening in Ferguson, Missouri for the past few weeks. It even reached international proportions, as both Egypt and Russia got in a few digs at American police and protesters.
Our democracy can't function properly if corporations may spy and snoop on nonprofits with impunity. This espionage is a despicable means of degrading the effectiveness of nonprofit watchdogs and activists.

In facing the dangerous situation today presented by the Islamic State and its ideological peers, we should be clear
The 1960s demand for \first class citizenship\ echoes through the years as our call to justice today. Unfortunately the Bull Connor images of peaceful protesters were not historic remnants but eerily prescient of tanks and tear gas last week in Ferguson, MO.

Second guessing and outsmarting ourselves has become a booming industry.  Consultants and crisis communications specialists have become indispensable weapons in the war to sway public opinion. In many instances, however, efforts to manage crises actually make the situation worse.


Contrary to what you might think, it is hate, not love, that makes the world go around.
I created these political cartoons to express my feelings about the current situation in Ferguson, MO. I am a native of St. Louis, by way of East St. Louis, Illinois, a community that mirrors Ferguson in it's racial and socio-economic climate.








Yes, we're talking about preserving Net neutrality, preventing the FCC from allowing the Internet to be split into fast lanes for the rich and slow lanes for the rest of us, lanes that could be clogged or blocked to prevent word from getting out about corporate and government malfeasance.
We have very little time before the cumulative effect of socioeconomic inequality and racial bias take an irrevocable toll on the United States. Please, Mr. Obama, end your vacation not for Iraq but for America.
Reform of our immigration system has been on the docket forever. Campaigning to get to the White House, candidate Barack Obama not only promised but guaranteed immigration reform in his first year in office. That guarantee has not been delivered on because of the President's need to rescue an economy on the abyss.
The events in Ferguson, MO, both the killing of an unarmed teen and the aftermath of civil unrest are having a spell-binding effect on people all over the world. That so often working class police officers and working class are in street confrontations is the product of a much deeper evil.
What do Governors Perry, Christie, and Cuomo have in common? All three are governors of big and important states, all three are accomplished bullies, and all three have used bullying tactics recently for overreaching political objectives.
Missouri calls itself \The Show Me State.\ Someone should accept its invitation. It needs all the help it can get.


\No one likes a frontrunner, especially Democrats,\ a grassroots activist at Netroots Nation told Politico. That's certainly true. Remember John Glenn in 1984? Howard Dean in 2004? Hillary Clinton in 2008?
The agency has been at the forefront of critical advances in the field. Improvements can be made, but the agency's record should not be unfairly and inaccurately disparaged.


There is an old saying; clothes make the man. That is the reason you might dress differently for a picnic than for a job interview.  While the analogy isn't perfect, nonetheless, \dressing\ our police as warriors makes them more likely to behave that way.







It's time for Missouri's right-wingers to leave the nineteenth century behind. It is time for all Missourians -- indeed, time for all Americans -- to start building a more just and equitable world, one free of institutional racism and yawning racial disparities.


This idea that cops get to say when and where constitutional rights apply is so very, deeply misguided that I am shocked anyone could type it out without coming to their senses mid-sentence.

Late in 2012, I attended a small briefing with a senior White House security official. Each of the dozen people there had a chance to speak, and most took the opportunity to lobby for something. I asked this question

When we observe on television the tragic scenes in Ferguson, Missouri, we get a idea of just how damaged our society is

In the last month alone, three bills expanding Social Security have been introduced.  The three add to a growing number which see Social Security as the solution to a looming retirement income crisis.




It's bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb bomb if not (yet) Iran... then Iraq, or Pakistan, or Libya, or Yemen, or (insert intransigent foreign country/peoples here). And like cults everywhere, it's best not to question the core belief and practices of its leaders -- after all, bombs bursting in air is now as American as the \Star Spangled Banner.\




No wonder Americans feel powerless. No surprise we're sick of politics, and many of us aren't even voting. But if we give up on politics, we're done for. Powerlessness is a self-fulfilling prophesy.


Missouri is America, and like the nation itself, both racial strife and promise, are part of its enduring legacy. Long before black teenager Michael Brown, died tragically in a hail of police bullets, the dramatic epicenter of America's racial fault lines often emerged in Missouri.

Let's try to get our heads around the latest U.S. air strikes in northern Iraq against the forces of the new \caliphate.\ It's a campaign that President Obama has already indicated is likely to go on for months and may soon enough spread south to the Baghdad area.

I revisit a 1988 documentary in which Angelou and I attended a conference on \Facing Evil,\ held in the Hill Country of central Texas. Evil was a topic about which Angelou, the victim of childhood rape and virulent racism, had a lot to say.




To be constitutional, any agreement with Iran must be in the form of a treaty, which would need to be ratified by two-thirds of the Senate.
None of us is capable of predicting the future, but the optimism of young people is even more impressive to me when we think of the uncertainties of the world to come.



This week, all eyes were on Ferguson, Missouri, where unarmed black teenager Michael Brown was fatally shot by a white police officer. Further inflaming matters was the way largely peaceful protests of the shooting were met with tear gas and armored vehicles (and the arrest of journalists, including HuffPost's Ryan Reilly). This hyper-aggressive response raised bipartisan alarm about the militarization of America's police forces, which have received $4.3 billion in military hardware -- including 435 armored vehicles and 93,763 machine guns -- since 2006. This arms buildup partially grew out of the War on Drugs, which has largely become a war on young black and brown men; 50 percent of those impacted by SWAT raids are black and Latino. Though Missouri Highway Patrol Captain Ron Johnson helped restore calm to Ferguson by boldly replacing pointed assault rifles with hugs, handshakes and active listening, the simmering issues of race and how we police our communities cry out for a larger national conversation.
President Obama is soon to issue executive orders on immigration.  To score a huge victory in the inevitable political battle, however, he has to orchestrate it for maximum impact.
Iraq's immediate priority is to secure its cities, main arteries and borders by reforming and improving counter insurgency tactics and better equip the Iraqi Security Forces in conjunction with regional and global powers to help defeat ISIL.
Just imagine this story. President Barack Obama decides he wants to have a national referendum on being able to have a national referendum during the next general elections.





We witnessed the \scenario\ taking place in Fergerson, Missouri before.  More often than not a white police officer shoots an unarmed, young black man under circumstances where it would appear less-than-deadly force was an option.






Presidents have been unwilling to name, much less remedy, the deep economic forces that are turning payroll jobs into what I've termed \The Task Rabbit Economy\ -- a collection of ad hoc gigs with no benefits, no job security, no career paths, and no employer reciprocity for worker diligence. But there are signs that maybe this issue is starting to break through.
There is more and more evidence that Democrats and progressives are discovering the power of taking on big money in politics as a central issue in their campaign strategies.



That Senate report on CIA interrogation techniques was supposed to be released by now. But some people would rather keep the details to themselves.
Welcome to the 'Dog Days' of summer, at the height of the political Silly Season. This year, one dog did indeed have his day in August, as 7-year-old 'Duke' just won a rather bizarre election to become mayor of Cormorant, Minnesota.
August 15 was the end of World War II in Asia, 69 years ago, following the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. I could not find a single reference to the bombings, or to the end of the war itself, anywhere in the American media.
Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness... I am sure that all of you who have been through political science and philosophy in universities have discussed these ad nauseam. These are concepts probably unfamiliar to others, people like my father, my uncles.
Attacks on unarmed and innocent civilians continue to be a daily reality, without any end in sight. It's difficult to escape the conclusion that Darfur is the genocide that people got tired of.  A terrible epitaph in the wake of so many impassioned declarations of \never again.\
The Hatchet may be on the opposite end of the political spectrum from the ultra-liberal feminists of Pussy Riot, yet like the women he was silenced for exercising Russia's constitutionally protected right to free speech.



With Nouri al-Maliki agreeing to step aside, Iraq may have passed its first hurdle on the way to forming the kind of government that will be needed to defeat the Islamic State (IS). Passing this hurdle may also serve to vindicate the cautious approach the Obama Administration has taken in addressing the IS crisis.















Today's featured Dirty Denier is Rep. Jon Kline from Minnesota. While his denialism is more mild-mannered than the brash, outspoken style of some of his #DirtyDenier$ compatriots, it's no less dangerous.


Pundits have tried to hype a third Mitt Romney candidacy, but evidence from nationwide polls show he's not even close to leading the Republican candidates for the 2016 Presidential contest.
Abortion might not be a popular issue in an evangelical state, but when explained as a parallel to the 2nd Amendment, all those God-fearing, Bible-thumpin' gun owners may just agree that what works for one side should work for the other.
Mining interests support Capito, and she has supported them by voting numerous times against the health and safety of Americans. In 2013 alone, she voted against safeguards for the water we drink, the air we breathe, and the lands that belong to the American public.
Charles thinks he's the right person to tell us how to fix our economy, but he and his brother have exactly zero credibility to say we should be happy living the Koch brothers' version of the American dream (for people not named \Koch\)

Everyone knows the old saw, attributed to George Bernard Shaw, \Britain and America are two countries, divided by a common language.\ Fortunately, there is a simple formula for translating between them


The possibility of being imperfect -- of making mistakes -- without dire consequences is in some respects the very definition of privilege. For only some groups need to fear that they may trip the wire of state-sanctioned violence at any moment.



The American public isn't exactly strongly supportive of Obama's foreign policy right now, but one thing the public really doesn't support is getting involved with any of the various conflicts raging over there. We are still -- again, according to the polls -- a pretty war-weary nation.

If there is one thing that everyone involved in the immigration debate should be able to agree on -- whether one is pro- or anti-immigrant or native-born, undocumented or not -- it's that all immigrants learning English is a good thing for them, their families, and for our society as a whole.

What would be exceptional is if we looked at our border crisis as a humanitarian situation, and we reflected on our responsibility for helping fuel it in the first place. If we looked at it from the broader standpoint of what is compassionate, as opposed to the more narrower one of what is legal.
My message to Democrats is

This week Community Initiatives for Visiting Immigrants in Confinement (CIVIC) released seven audio recordings and videos documenting arbitrary use of solitary confinement, sexual assault, physical abuse by federal agents, prolonged detention, retaliatory transfers, and other aspects of life inside U.S. immigration detention.





As we take in the tragedy of Robin Williams' passing, we should also reject the shambles that is mental health care for most Americans. If there is an \if only\ that makes sense, it is a societal one.





Long story short, Cuomo kept hammering the legislature as corrupt, evidenced by a series of thefts and misappropriations. He created an investigative commission that lurched into the world of petty thievery, and then lurched into the more interesting question of who was giving huge dollars to who, and for what.
Having allowed the government to expand and exceed our reach, we find ourselves on the losing end of a tug-of-war over control of our country and our lives.
Peanut gallery criticism, which is what most of us offer, including at the moment Hillary Clinton, is disingenuous and counter-productive. It also sends a bad signal to the world that we don't know what we are doing, which is not true.
The ISIS message is not just a hatred for democracy or the freedoms of the West, but a sick and demented interpretation of Islam, calling for genocide or an annihilation of Christian, Jews and anyone of another religion, including anyone who stands in their way.
New York Times columnist Tom Friedman's extended interview with President Obama shed some light on how Obama can be well-informed, thoughtful, prudent -- yet still be seen as faltering as a foreign policy president.  If you compare Obama with George W. Bush (okay -- a low bar), Obama wins, hands down. Unlike Bush, Obama inhabits the reality-based foreign policy space, with no apologies.  Unlike Bush, he has no messianic zealots among his advisers. He gives the kind of well-considered responses that suggest a president who carefully engages with truly difficult policy conundrums.  Yet at the end of the day, he often comes across as vacillating and indecisive -- an impression that can be fatal in his dealings with allies, adversaries, and of course electorates.
Over the past decade, under the weight of the Bush Doctrine, we tried in vain to find and support that rare breed of Mideast ally
Thomas Friedman and Jeffrey Goldberg, two well-respected and widely read foreign policy journalists, struck a goldmine over the weekend when the two veterans landed exclusive, one-on-one interviews with America's two most famous politicians.

\Rape,\ the instructors say, \is a four-letter word. Purge it from your lexicon.\ And as to anything else abortion-related, \Keep it brief.\ Such is the strategy reportedly being taught Republican candidates in \Boot Camps\ on how to talk about abortion.

Tawana Told The Truth! So blared the graffiti in Bed-Stuy in Spike Lee's Do the Right Thing, a film that was released roughly 25 years ago, in the summer of 1989 and, according to legend, served as the first date for Barack Obama and his future wife, Michelle.





I spent a part of last week in Israel and Sherman's words echoed in my mind all through the trip and, as the rockets and subsequent retaliations continue, I can almost hear him... \war is hell.\
Ron Reagan and Ron Christie discuss clashing portrayals of Ronald Reagan -- Perlstein's smart, shrewd charmer (The Invisible Bridge) and Cannon's under-informed raconteur (Reagan

The crisis in Ukraine continues to get worse against a backdrop of conflicting signals.  Pro-Russian separatists have called for a ceasefire but Ukrainian forces continue to pound them in Donetsk.
This week we went back to the future as President Obama authorized air strikes in Iraq, along with humanitarian airdrops of food and water to thousands of Yazidis besieged by Islamic State fighters. The White House emphasized the military action's limited scope. \I will not allow the United States to be dragged into fighting another war in Iraq,\ said the President. But, of course, even though the U.S. formally withdrew our forces from Iraq in 2011, this is not another war; it's a continuation of the Iraq War, which should be renamed The War of Unintended Consequences. Though this week's air strikes, however warranted, should serve as a sobering rebuke to the kind of thinking that led us into Iraq in the first place, the same voices that headed that ill-conceived charge are still front and center -- like Paul Wolfowitz, who on Tuesday claimed that America had \won\ the war in Iraq \in 2009.\ I guess someone forgot to tell Iraq.











Netanyahu to U.S.


If Watergate was arguably our finest hour, then certainly now is our worst, at least since the Civil War. Today congress is populated primarily (but not exclusively) by Lilliputians and demagogues, who have well earned their abysmal 6 percent approval rating.
Nearly 12 years ago, the United States Congress, representing the American people, provided President George W. Bush with the authorization to invade Iraq. Friday, seemingly under this same authorization, American bombs fell again on Iraq.
Forty years ago today, President Nixon addressed the nation to announce he would be resigning  the next day -- the only time in US history this has happened. Today, President Obama announced the US will be dropping bombs on Iraq once again. That's a pretty heavy-duty amount of the past to contemplate, in one week.

CREDO commends President Obama for responding to a clear humanitarian crisis with emergency supplies. More is needed, the U.S. need not continue alone, but starting quickly while refugees are literally dying on the mountain is the right thing to do now.
I first met Jim Brady when he was recruited to be Press Secretary to Gov. John B. Connally in Connally's ill-fated bid for the White House in 1980. During the early campaign committee's senior meetings, I was initially struck by Jim's irreverence -- a rare quality for the key campaign aides to the much revered former three-term Governor of Texas.
President Obama's announcement that the US will protect 40,000 Yazidis trapped on Iraq's Sinjar Mountain is a decisive response to an unfolding humanitarian disaster. Airdrops of water and food will save lives. The Yazidis, however, will not really be safe until they can get off the desert mountain and back to their homes in Sinjar.
The Kennedy assassination opened a nation's eyes, Viet Nam gave us something to see, and, well, the crimes of Nixon pretty much sealed it. You might call it a reality check.
I have been doing my best not to think too much about Gaza, not only publicly but for myself. I can no longer avoid pondering all the uncomfortable thoughts Israel's bombing of Gaza is bringing home to me. Of one thing I'm sure of -- I want to tell Netanyahu, \I told you so.\ Netanyahu's purpose was always designed to prevent any chance of rapprochement. What's unfolding was foretold by his actions.
Some political debates have two equally valid sides.  More often than not, however, the evidence is significantly more one-sided than journalists and pundits suggest. AB 1522 is an example of legislation for which there is no ethical, intellectually honest opposition
The Palestine Monetary Authority has kept cash flowing to a besieged population struggling to survive in a devastated economy. Gaza's 45 bank branches have been mostly closed during the nearly month-long conflict, with working ATMs depending on the availability of generator fuel and the daring of bank staff to maintain them.
Reid Cherlin used to work for The Obama Administration.  After the election of the new President in 2008, he worked in the Press Secretary's Office as one of its spokespeople. In a new piece for Rolling Stone magazine, he recounts his experiences from the inside.  It has to be read to be believed.
With or without an infusion of massive amounts of international aid, clearing away the mess of this war will take years. Streets can be cleaned, but the wounds, both physical and mental, will not soon heal, nor will the survivors easily erase the feelings of helplessness, despair and anger with which they have been left.
In those early August days, events would reach a crescendo but none of us knew the final outcome, and that was Alistair Cooke's problem.
ISIS has attacked the Yazidi people -- a sect of the Kurds -- in Iraq. The jihadists have driven the survivors to the slopes of Mt. Sinjar, where the Yazidi are running out of food, water and hope. Who are the Yazidi? Why is ISIS after them, why have Sunni and Shi'a attacked them in the past, and why are they at risk of genocide now?
Republicans, but not Democrats, understand that if a voter wants to show his displeasure or anger at the ballot box, it does not matter that you have nothing to offer him. They have played that game for decades.

The passing of Jim Brady, former presidential press secretary and icon of the gun control movement, has saddened us all.  I had the privilege of working with Jim and Sarah Brady for much of my professional life.
When war broke out in August 1914, both sides expected that it would end relatively quickly. Each side had optimistically proclaimed that its troops would be in their opponent's capital by Christmas.
The recent announcement that 60 of the nation's largest school districts are joining President Obama's initiative to improve the educational futures of young African-American and Hispanic boys is both welcome and troubling.
Only native-born Americans may use their passports to prove their citizenship when enlisting in the Army National Guard. If you are a naturalized or foreign-born American, your shiny, blue U.S. passport won't mean squat to the Guard. This makes no sense.  It's also not the rule for the regular Army. What's going on over at the Guard?
Why is Congressman Cory Gardner smiling? Maybe it's because in just four years in Congress, he has raised $695,000 from dirty polluters from the oil and gas industry, who happen to be the largest source of his contributions.
Nobody is indispensable in life, and Everytown's doing just fine without me, which is both a source of pride and a jagged little pill, to quote Alanis Morissette. But Jim Brady was a star to guide your ship by, and I'm not just talking about what he did for gun policy.

The White House has some thinking to do. Is the security situation in northwestern Iraq so dire that the administration's \one Iraq\ policy needs to be reviewed and perhaps changed?
In the widely-praised naval series by Patrick O'Brian, following each engagement, Captain Jack Aubrey would ask ship doctor Stephen Maturin \What is the butcher's bill\? The fictional hero wanted a casualty count.
Despite global praise for Burma's democratic reforms, the country hasn't resolved its decades-long legacy of ethnic persecution. Burma's refugees fear what will happen to them next.
For nearly half a century the Voting Rights Act has stood as a central pillar in the protection of fair voting practices.  Our nation now faces the greatest threat to voting rights since Reconstruction.
Children the world over pour onto the endangered species list. Meanwhile, compassion lies bedridden with an IV drip in the House of America's elected leaders.
Roberts appeared vulnerable earlier this year after questions were raised about his residency in Kansas, similar to what helped defeat veteran Sen. Richard Lugar two years ago.






Focusing on issues of character and choice, when discussing poverty, suits conservatives because it emphasizes the causal role of \agency\ rather than \structure\ in the creation of social problems.

Channeling former Attorney General John Ashcroft's 2003 edict to deny bond to Haitian refugees, ICE lawyers in immigration courts are arguing for \no bond\ orders against mothers and children fleeing gang violence, poverty and chaos in Central America.

A fair-minded review of the last 40 or 50 years reveals a painfully meager inventory of successes. Grenada, Panama, Bosnia, Kosovo, and Afghanistan (we can hope) are arguable exceptions.
The Mayor has announced his ten year, five borough plan to increase the supply of affordable housing in New York - but it appears he's down on the single biggest supply of affordable accommodation the city has to offer, apartment sharing. Why?
I feel compassion for poor people from crappy countries trying to sneak into the U.S. with the honorable goal of working and making a little money for their family. I have less compassion for rich weasels sneaking their money out of the U.S. with the crappy goal of hiding a lot of extra money from their ex-wives.
Pursuant to an act of the 93rd Congress, President Richard M. Nixon signed into law the establishment of a steady state economy. That law was called the Endangered Species Act.
Whether by accident or by design, Hard Choices doggedly makes the case for the person to lead us who is best placed to deliver more democracy, more freedom and more peacefulness the world over -- and it doesn't hurt that this person has the biggest, most diverse rolodex on the planet.
\Ban the bomb\ is seen today as a leftist cause, with conservatives tending to resist any attempt to reduce the size of our nuclear arsenal or otherwise change our dependence on these weapons of mass destruction. Thus, Stanford Prof. Barton Bernstein's op-ed in yesterday's San Jose Mercury News is likely to come as a surprise.
Growing up in a family of lawyers, it always seemed fairly obvious that being an attorney is generally a noble and advantageous profession, especially when it comes to a career in politics.




On issue after issue facing our country, this is a Republican Party so obsessed with blocking the president -- and now suing the president -- that it has abdicated its most basic responsibility to govern.




We must remember the bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki as the clearest illustration of the human costs of nuclear weapons.

The stark admission by the CIA's inspector general that the agency had broken into a classified computer network used by its overseers at the Senate Intelligence Committee violates the core principle of separation of powers of governmental branches enshrined in the U.S. Constitution.




The timing is ripe for meaningful and historic changes in the provision of timely and effective treatment of health care for our service members and veterans.


Religious organizations receiving federal contracts can no longer discriminate against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender employees. Some question whether President Obama has gone too far. Others question whether he has gone far enough.
This week Congress lived down to the standards we've come to expect. First, House Republicans voted to sue President Obama for using executive authority to delay implementation of the health care law they've held over 50 votes to repeal. Then, after a revolt in their own ranks, House leadership withdrew their bill to deal with the border crisis -- then issued a jaw-dropping statement urging the president to (wait for it... ) use executive authority \without congressional action.\ But on Friday, after worsening an already bad bill by weakening protections for the children at the center of the crisis, they finally passed a symbolic and useless package -- useless since their Republican counterparts in the Senate already torpedoed that chamber's $2.7 billion border crisis bill. Their \work\ done, they recessed for a five-week vacation -- during which they will no doubt fundraise, using the \crisis\ they've failed to address as fodder. If only we could issue an executive order to put an end to this nonsense.









A look at Vietnam today makes plain just how mistaken and tragic the American venture into war there was. First, though, a brief summary of how the decisive turn into that disastrous mistake a half century ago occurred.
Over the years I have encouraged Native American tribal governments to move their elections to coincide with the national elections in November.





What someone is paid has little or no relationship to what their work is worth to society. Does anyone seriously believe hedge-fund mogul Steven A. Cohen is worth the $2.3 billion he raked in last year, despite being slapped with a $1.8 billion fine after his firm pleaded guilty to insider trading?






This past week the Arab American Institute (AAI) released its third biannual poll of American attitudes toward Arabs and Muslims. Conducted by Zogby Analytics, 1100 likely voters were surveyed nationwide. The results were deeply troubling.




As I write this, the House has still not managed to pass a bill to deal with the border crisis. They've been trying for a few days now, but have been locked in a serious battle between Tea Party hardliners and Republicans from more moderate districts.


Tensions are understandably high.  The loss of lives on both sides is a tragedy.  Thanks to Israel's Iron Dome defense, many Israeli lives have been spared.  But Hamas keeps trying.  And Israel keeps fighting back.  And the horrible cycle goes on and on.


The Qataris, in particular -- who never met a radical Islamist group they did not like -- fully understand the value of the abduction of a soldier to Hamas, and will do little or nothing, regardless of Kerry's pleas.
Fairs offer a nostalgic, week-long escape filled with freakish foods and a sense of community that hearkens back to a different time. But their future is uncertain, especially in states that already can't pay for things such as education and government pensions.


My view may not have been so different from that of Maureen Dowd, who once wrote that President Obama had to look deep into his soul to determine who he was.  In her view, he emerged with the realization that he was Barry, president of the Harvard Law Review.
At first blush, the Tea Party and Occupy Wall Street appear as bookends

Unless you just returned from holiday in some ultra-remote region lacking newspapers, television or internet access (is there such a place?), you are aware that the government of Argentina defaulted on its external debt on Wednesday.

Today my prayers are for the safety of the people of Israel but also for the Palestinian people. May our prayers help to move Hamas to recognize and accept Israel, and for Israel to then accept terms that will ensure a better future for the people of Gaza.


In \The Stupid Party? Which One?\ I looked into the worrisome issue of the Republican Party being hijacked by anti-science Luddites. But what about the House of Representatives? So I spent a day putting together a spreadsheet on the 435 members of the House in the 113th Congress, their backgrounds, and how they have voted on a few important (to me!) science bills.
If U.S. President Barack Obama believes so strongly in the diplomatic approach, to the point that he has angered Israel -- one of America's closest allies -- by making up with Iran over the nuclear dossier, then why can't he enforce peace between Palestine and Israel?


Speaking slowly and clearly, and especially speaking slowly and clearly in a monotone, is the best way to throw someone's concentration off. That's the technique Janet Yellen used this week in an attempt to throw Senator Elizabeth Warren off-balance during a financial hearing.

America's federal budget deficits have actually shrunk by nearly $5 trillion since 2010.  The CBO's projection for the budget deficit this year is smaller than it's been on average over the past 40 years. In short, the economic evidence is clear



Bullying between public servants and private citizens on federal lands is not a one-way street. But you would never know that listening to House Republicans' congressional hearings.
China is having difficulties, west, east and center.
There is no American war on Christianity and masquerading the fight for religious imposition as a fight to protect Christians from this fabricated war is offensive to those truly suffering prejudice and persecution.






The unaccompanied children arriving on our Southwest border are not causing an immigration crisis for Americans. Politicians, as usual, are sensationalizing the facts for their own partisan agendas.
Aaron lived for liberation of information. Aaron lived to free information, and eventually died for it.




If Massachusetts legislators want to double the contribution limits in state politics, they should, in the light of day, create a stand-alone bill to do that and try to pass it.  But, they should not bury it in a disclosure bill and call it reform.
It doesn't matter. It's a small, totally irrelevant piece of land. Give the separatists a measure of autonomy.
The August Summit is an excellent moment in history to change the narrative of U.S. engagement with Africa. But the presence of some notorious ones distracts from this major event.
This week, grassroots leaders from the immigrant rights movement went to several D.C. organizations with a simple request
The biggest problem with Ryan's plan, besides its potential to become a bureaucratic nightmare, is that it was tried once before under President Bill Clinton in 1996 with welfare reform and was met with mixed results.
Although members of Congress and the president are professing to pursue a humanitarian response to the border crisis, the proposed solutions often undercut the very protections that children have in current law in order to have the Border Patrol expedite their deportation back to Central America.
NJDC rejects the notion that the United States should divest itself of investments in Israel's security. Israel is one of the very few places where Democrats find common ground with Republicans these days, and that agreement is good for our country, good for our community and good for Israel.
As someone born and raised in Ireland but now living on the other side of the pond, it is eerily fascinating to see how many liberal Americans walk on eggshells or suddenly develop moral blind spots when discussing the subject of Israel, mass civilian casualties and collective punishment.
A recent tactical shift in Ayatollah Khamenei's policies indicate that he has increasingly become less powerful or \Supreme\ as the mainstream media reveals or as his title indicates.
According to the Controlled Substances Act, Eric Holder himself can reclassify anything on the list, with no more authority necessary than his own signature. Perhaps if Congress refuses to act, Holder (or Obama) will make this change on his own. That, more than a Times editorial, might more accurately be called marijuana's tipping point.

Whatever Beijing implies in its public statements, it neither wants its yuan to replace the dollar, nor could it, even if China's leadership wanted.


Arizona's recent botched execution of Joseph Wood is the latest in a series of horrific events demonstrating that lethal injection is a profoundly flawed method for carrying out capital punishment.
If the Palestinians can be assured of their right to culture and autonomy -- and examples of this exist throughout the world in once-fraught places like Quebec, Kuna Yala, or the Basque Country -- along with freedom and economic opportunity, what's not to like?
Calls for presidential impeachment have cast a shadow over most modern-day presidents. However, the chorus of impeachers seems louder in the past year.

When I learned that House Speaker John Boehner is suing President Barack Obama, I thought about a number of good reasons for something to limit executive actions.  For example, would it be to limit NSA spying on its citizens?



This week provided some notable examples of Crime and Punishment in modern America. First, football star Ray Rice received a two-game suspension for knocking unconscious his then-fianc\u00e9e in a hotel elevator. His coach promptly proclaimed Rice \a heck of a guy.\ Earlier in the week, Lane Johnson, another NFL player, was suspended four games for taking a performance enhancing drug -- a transgression apparently twice as bad, in the NFL's eyes, as beating up your soon-to-be-wife. In Arizona, the execution of murderer Joseph Wood went seriously awry, leaving him gasping for air for close to two hours before dying. Despite this grotesque death, Gov. Jan Brewer declared that Wood \did not suffer,\ but didn't explain how she could possibly know this. And, finally, there was a very different kind of punishment served up for our entertainment as the trailer for Fifty Shades of Gray was released, attracting nearly 7 million views in just 24 hours. Somewhere, the Marquis de Sade is smiling.


This week, Paul Ryan, who cashed federal support checks in the form of social security payments after his dad died, wants to stop federal support of the needy. Congressman Ryan would like to fund states with block grants replacing programs that he says don't work.

It is my hope that the 33,686 US soldiers who gave their lives in Korea, together with another 8,176 US soldiers who were missing in action, did not make the ultimate sacrifice in defense of your freedom to enable freedom's destruction under your government.


Matalin and Corn debate d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu news - Israel back in Gaza and ACA back in court. Consensus

If you care about people having access to good, reasonably priced food, and the ability to open and operate a safe, responsible and successful business, the food-truck fight happening across the country should matter to you.

Paul Ryan is attempting to address poverty, once again. What he's really doing is trolling the media to write \compassionate conservative\ columns about him (which, so far, doesn't seem to be working very well), to bolster his chances to get the Republican presidential nomination.

The United States Postal Service (USPS) management just ran into a possible game-changing obstacle to its shameful pursuit of a fully privatized post office:\u00a0labor solidarity.

The circus continues with the motion to impeach President Aquino, with opposition politicians having sharpened their knives in an attempt to draw some blood from the Teflon President.



Coming soon to a city near you?
Israel relies on their ability to dominate and shape media messages and images to the same extent that they depend on their military to win battles. And because the Israelis have cultivated all too compliant partners in the press and in politics, their narrative of events often trumps reality.

I had barely touched down in California when it was time to take off again. This time, to Detroit, to attend Netroots Nation, billed as the United States' biggest annual gathering of progressive activists, organizers and online social justice innovators.

Socialism embraced some liberal goals but wanted to offer the security of the old order where disturbing social change was minimized and what change was allowed was carefully controlled.
In death, Staff Sergeant Nissim Sean Carmeli embodies the deep fears, distrust and dehumanization of the other that has exploded into massive bloodshed in Gaza, threatens to spark another uprising on the West Bank, and makes achievement of even a temporary Israeli-Palestinian ceasefire an almost impossible task.
By the time you read this, Congressional Republicans will have overwhelmingly voted to violate one of their most cherished guiding principles
Does a sharply divided America necessarily mean that no meaningful legislation can emerge from our political leaders on both sides of the aisle?  I don't think so! What many people describe as the greatest political agreement in the history of the world came out of a deeply divided America -- the US Constitution.


War is much in the news these days, to the great distress of the world. There is not a continent on Earth on which some form of violence is expressing our species capacity for hatred and cruelty. What did Henry Miller think of war and how it could be avoided?

To those who say the U.S. should stay out of this conflict, I say that every day provides the U.S. with a new chance to at least try to get it right.
Republicans and private telecoms maintain that cities lack the capacity to build and manage broadband networks. They're empirically wrong. Of the 160 municipally owned broadband networks, the successes vastly outnumber the failures.
Ukrainian reformers, like those at Caux, have already this year toppled a government that did not serve the country. Now comes the harder challenge of building a new government that will be the inclusive, effective, honest and just one their country needs.
This is when I heard those dreadful words, \We're denying you re\u00adentry into the United States and deporting you back to Mexico tonight.\ I was being treated like a common criminal without having committed any crime.
If you aren't completely transfixed by photos from Gaza, Ukraine, Iraq or the border right now, you might have come across this. Simply put, it's the best visual to come out of the administration in months, maybe longer.
Michael Peroutka's neo-Confederate friend and supporter Michael Hill has advocated a program of assassination against journalists and elected officials. Voters have a right to know what Peroutka and other GOP leaders have to say about that.
The ability to predict outcomes decreases as a system's complexity increases. If we have a gas in a container and remove 10 percent of its molecules, it is likely that we will observe little change
North Carolina Congresswoman Renee Ellmers, who is running against Clay Aiken this November, urged the Republican Party, especially men in the party, to bring policy discussion \down to a woman's level.\


If you really want to know why ordinary Americans are being turned off by politics in record numbers, run for Congress. More than likely, you'll find out, as I have, that what's wrong with Washington has a common root
When the media goes away, all those who have lost loved ones will experience a pain so great in the heart that they feel they will surely burst. This pain has no political identity and will always be with you no matter what mask you wear on a particular day.
To hear the State Department tell it, the fact that our Secretary of State was forced to go through a metal detector before being allowed to meet with Egypt's president does not matter very much.  But with all due respect, it does matter.


President Obama used a religious event to make a political statement -- one that was simultaneously an insult to the entire Muslim- and Arab-American community.

I am the last person you would expect to be among the long-term unemployed. Now I've moved in with my mother, back into my childhood bedroom.
Looking back on the violations of justice that characterized British rule in pre-Constitutional America, it is easy to see the Founders' intent in creating the Fifth Amendment. A government's ability to inflict harm on its people, whether by taking their lives, imprisoning them, or confiscating their property, was to be checked by due process.

When you make $7.25 an hour you have to tell your kids why they can't join the soccer team or participate in after school activities because there's no room in the family budget.


For years I avoided engaging in discussions about the Israel/Arab situation -- I just didn't want to deal with it. That all changed about three-and-a-half years ago when my parents moved to Jerusalem. Now my immediate family is there and my comfort in the ability to duck the debate vanished.
Last week, Senator Bernie Sanders and a Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions (HELP) subcommittee held hearings to shine a light on the third leading cause of death in the United States

Twenty-five years ago, in late 1989, I enrolled in an ulpan or Hebrew immersion program at Mishmar Haemek, a kibbutz in the Jezreel Valley. When I met the kibbutzniks as well as the other students in the ulpan, many of them would ask me two questions.
There's only one voice that comes to mind, for me, when the immigration argument devolves into a slurry. For those who have not seen them firsthand beneath the Statue of Liberty, these are the words of Emma Lazarus.
Tomorrow, House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan will present his proposal to address poverty in the United States. We welcome any ideas that lift more Americans out of poverty and create pathways into the middle class, but we will oppose any plan that uses the sunny language of \reform\ as a guise to cut vital safety-net programs.
It is only a start in how the electorate of this nation can start to change the dynamics of our political system. It also places the power to close the gender gap in politics in the hands of the people.
Once again those families and communities that have long been and continue to be subject to discriminatory (and often predatory) behavior, pay a high price.  But so do many who have not traditionally been victimized by these practices.

Private security contractors employed by the U.S. government abroad, for example, have been implicated in serious human rights violations, ranging from destruction of property to torture and human trafficking.
The August 2014 issue of Guns and Ammo has an interesting article on a new generation of gun safes. While this probably is not of interest to many of my readers, it tells a bit about politics as well.
Veterans and patriotism are almost interchangeable, but peeling away the veneer reveals the conflicted relationship America has with its vets.

We should be asking
There are certainly plenty of other hotspots and danger zones across the globe through which flights have passed daily for years without incident. This is due to several known factors.






This week, President Obama's $3.7 billion request to deal with the border crisis stalled as lawmakers introduced a bill that purportedly aims to help young unaccompanied immigrants but actually just makes it easier to quickly deport them -- a measure Rep. Luis Gutierrez, a member of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, dismissed as \the deportation-only agenda dressed up in sheep's clothing.\ The crisis is certainly a chance to look in the mirror and decide what kind of nation we want to be

Border clashes are suddenly breaking out making immigration reform and Middle East peace now even less likely. Shrum and Lowry debate origins and solutions and a) whether the downing of MH17 will force Putin to choose between partner or pariah; and b) how Elizabeth Warren became the new Thor.
Republicans really can't help themselves -- when they see an opportunity to irritate the Latino electorate, they go for it with gusto.





On July 19, Trade Ministers from the G20 group of countries will convene for their annual meeting in Sydney, Australia. The meetings can be used to build consensus toward positions that can be brought back to forums where decisions can be enforced, such as the WTO. And this is exactly what the US plans to do.
You can never achieve a lasting peace if a major player in the conflict is excluded from the process. If Netanyahu will not muster the courage for a creative long-term strategy, the next escalation with Hamas is only a matter of time.


Politicians and most other residents of the United States alike, from every rung along the full political spectrum, generally agree on one issue
Whatever happened to putting our country first?  It seems to me any global unrest becomes an excuse to bash our President for political purposes.
Politicians across the country who have embraced heavy restrictions on who can serve food where should look West and take notice of Los Angeles' dual brick-and-mortar and mobile restaurant landscape.
Until someone on one side or the other finds the humility and wisdom to not shoot back, the human right to pursue happiness and raise our children in health and safety will never be a reality for some in some parts of the world. And that is unacceptable.

The biggest political event of the week (for Democrats, at any rate) was Nancy Pelosi and the House Democrats rolling out a new campaign agenda -- the \Middle Class Jumpstart\ -- in the tradition of Newt Gingrich's \Contract With America.\
Bahrain finds itself in an increasingly untenable position. If it misplays its hand, or events in the region outpace the government's ability to manage domestic politics, the Bahraini government could find itself facing a dire crisis in the near future.
Our government is no longer by the people, for the people. Their vast spending in politics gives them a large degree of control over those in office, drowning out the voices of everyday Americans. This amounts to institutionalized bribery.
The nine justices of the SCOTUS are now in recess, leaving the rest of us the summer in which to reflect upon and digest their latest set of rulings. Because it is likely that both judgments will have long-term adverse consequences for progressive causes, a moment of reflection on that second judgment is well in order.
As Congress and the Administration consider proposals to eviscerate the heretofore obscure (now demonized) Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 (TVPRA), it makes sense to review the case for change and to query whether the proposed cure might not do more harm than good.

Palestinians want to live normal lives. They want to be able to provide for their children and see their children's children grow and prosper. It is not, as the Israelis would say, that the Palestinians have chosen death. Rather, it is that the Israelis have never allowed them the chance to choose life.

Sarah Palin contends that President Obama isn't following the law. But perhaps we should read what the law actually is. And it turns out that not only is he following the law, but Republicans were among the ones who put together the bill that's leading to the crisis.



The dramatic humanitarian nature of children rushing to the U.S. border has catapulted the issue of immigration back on the national agenda.





With rockets targeting all of Israel's major cities for the first time in history, everyone here seems to agree that it's time for a paradigm shift -- that the goals of this conflict should amount to more than just buying time with deterrence before a fourth round of even deadlier violence.






Maher has been calling on viewers to nominate and vote for the worst members of Congress for his #FlipADistrict Campaign. Once a \winner\ is chosen on September 12, Maher plans to throw that member of Congress into the national spotlight and help oust them from office.

The SCOTUS is the nation's highest court. The recent 2-to-1 decision by a panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit upholding the University of Texas at Austin's use of racial preferences in its admissions program indicates that the two judges in the majority have forgotten this basic tenet of American law.
You don't have to be a grown-up to advocate. You have to care about something and, most importantly, you have to act on it. So teach your children well. Get them involved in whatever issue is central to your life.
In medicine there's a saying, \When you hear hoof beats, think of horses not zebras.\ Whatever's going on is far more likely to be the usual than the extraordinary.













Republicans have been saying that the \war on women\ Democrats accuse them of waging is a fake issue. Really? If it's not a war, it's one hell of a frontal assault. We'll see if women remember in November.





On Monday, June 16, three FBI agents, several Navy SEALs and approximately 24 Delta Force commandos captured the terrorist most wanted by the Obama administration in a classic snatch-and-grab \rendition\ operation in Benghazi, Libya.


As a matter of faith, some people believe that God can see and hear everything. But as a matter of fact, the U.S. government now has the kind of surveillance powers formerly attributed only to a supreme being.
Walking home from the Capitol recently, I saw the words engraved above the portico of the Supreme Court
People who have grown up with sirens, but have never witnessed a tragedy are desensitized. People who have suffered trauma related to this 50-plus year conflict are hypersensitive. I don't feel like I belong to this scene, or that I am entitled to a marked reaction. I try to be stoic and inconspicuous.










Germany represents everything that's wrong with the world financial system. Argentina is the epic case of countries whose economies are screwed by policies championed by Germany -- and unfortunately by the United States as well.
Suffer the Children
The corporate system -- which seems increasingly unmoored from any values other than power and profit -- is working systematically to shift power and wealth from average Americans to itself, i.e. to the mightiest and richest powers in our society.
Conservatives have blocked every significant plan for investing in jobs and growth since the stimulus.  They claim they have an alternative, but their program has so damaged the recovery it deserves to be called what it is
\Give me your tired\ and Republicans demand President Obama meet them at the border. Give me \your poor\ and Republicans demand they be sent back immediately.
The most technologically advanced military in the world cannot afford to abandon scientific rationality when its fundamental power and interests are at stake.
The millions of consumers who eat undercooked chicken at their peril and the beleaguered workers in these dank, overcrowded, and dangerous plants can only hope the president's people come to their senses over there and kill this misguided fiasco.
There are 11 million people stuck in the shadows today.  They are unable to take the risks most of us enjoy when it comes to owning a home, purchasing an automobile, or starting a business due to fear and limited access to capital.











The link of empathy is how human beings transcend unending cycles of conflict and the ever-deafening drums of perpetual vengeance. It is how peace and reflection enter hearts -- and coexistence might be possible.

This week, the spotlight remained on immigration, with President Obama requesting $3.7 billion to deal with the flood of undocumented children crossing the border. As Speaker Boehner fixated on suing the President for delaying the same insurance mandate Boehner has tried to repeal, Glenn Beck announced plans to deliver food, water and toys to the children being held at the border, and the Wall Street Journal denounced the \extreme voices\ arguing for impeachment, which included Sarah Palin. When the Journal calls out extremists and Glenn Beck is your voice of reason and compassion, you know the Republicans are in more disarray than the Brazilian soccer team's defense. Speaking of which, as Germany faces Argentina in the World Cup final, it's a day of split loyalties for the Vatican. Does God side with Argentine Pope Francis or German Pope Emeritus Benedict in this Papal Playoff? Maybe the CIA's newly discovered German double agent has the inside scoop.
Over at the Columbia Journalism Review, Steven Brill has a \story he'd like to see.\ Specifically






Common sense and decency seem less and less important to Republicans in the House of Representatives as they continue their shameful conduct toward President Barack Obama for trying to do his job.

Children have been all over the news, and for the wrong reasons. We know that children are increasingly the targets of wars across the world. Some of them are coming from neighboring countries into the U.S. to seek refuge. We should at least give them a fair chance to make their case.
A great American tradition

Today marks 30 years since Geraldine Ferraro became the first woman to join a major party's presidential ticket. When she joined Vice President Walter Mondale's presidential ticket in 1984, Geraldine Ferraro didn't just make history, she changed the political world for women.

Not a single official commentator has hinted at the dangers entailed in this approach, nor to the Russian government's need to use Latin America as a diplomatic \launching pad\ against its old enemy, the U.S. In the midst of this renewed confrontation among the great powers, we are trapped as a disposable part.


This ad will likely be followed by other companies' ads -- all competing freely in a marketplace for customers -- which means it does represent a historic turning point.
This is the fifth major assault in nine years. When and how it will end is unclear, but here's what we know for certain
Beginnings matter. Questions about culpability and responsibility, about the narrow cynicism that defines so much of life in the Gaza Strip, sequence and motive -- they all go to beginnings.
Sure, one can argue that access to guns is a Constitutional right protected by the Second Amendment. But one could also argue that access to welfare is a Constitutional right protected by extension of the Tenth Amendment and even Fourteenth Amendment.
It's not the right of the fetus to life that really drives them. It is their belief that woman who have sex for pleasure should bear the \consequences\ of their decision.  The hostility is tangible -- I have the hate-tweets to prove it.




Have you ever wondered about the amazingly effective campaign to sell the Common Core standards to the media, the business community, and the public? How did it happen that advocates for the standards used the same language, the same talking points, the same claims, no matter where they were located?

For the first time since 1998, lawmakers are seriously considering permanently extending the moratorium on new state and local sales taxes on Internet access service and eliminating the \grandfather clause\ exempting existing taxes -- changes that could cost states $7 billion a year in potential annual revenue.

It's a mythical number that skeptics never question.  And it's come up again and again in the national press for decades. It's purportedly the number of victims from the infamous child sexual abuse cases of the 1980s and 1990s.  Not child victims, though.
When did climate change become a women's issue? When women made it clear they care deeply about it. Women in battleground states understand (by a margin of 72 percent to 19 percent) that we have a moral obligation to future generations to make the air safer to breathe and the climate more stable.
Most Americans probably think a major goal of philanthropy is to fight poverty. But a closer look reveals that giving by foundations and philanthropists exacerbates wealth inequality in the United States.




The problem of long-term solitary confinement is far from fixed -- the cells that have been emptied as men are returned to general population have been filled by others newly transferred into the SHU. The prisoners need our support to finish the job.

No, Hillary Clinton hasn't changed through all the years


The GOP will continue to push the insecure border myth to batter Obama and the Democrats and to torpedo meaningful immigration reform.  This virtually guarantees that the human tragedy of refugees at the U.S. border will continue unabated.

Once upon a time, if a character on TV or in a movie tortured someone, it was a sure sign that he was a bad guy. Now, the torturers are the all-American heroes. We're not only living in a post-9/11 world, we're stuck with Jack Bauer in the 25th hour.
Investing in infrastructure can shave time off of our commute.  That won't get us out of our economic crisis, although it would be great.

Growing up, I began to understand that religious freedom, a bedrock of American society, indeed means no bossing anyone about religious beliefs -- not the government, not faith communities, not individuals and, looking at the present issue, not their corporations.


An enormous gap has emerged about what liberty means today. The debate drives vastly different visions of where the country is headed. What should unite us, divides us. Unnecessarily, as it turns out. There's common ground if we want to find it.

In all the fulminating going on about the children in the current border \crisis,\ there is one problem I have yet to hear addressed, by either side in the debate. Mostly, I suspect, because it would cost a lot of money to fix.
Whatever little remained of the \compassionate conservatism\ championed by George W. Bush has long since evaporated under the heat of Republican extremism. Today, more than three-quarters of American conservatives think the poor \have it easy.\

Fast forward to today and we have a Highway Trust Fund with just 15 days of money left to function. Just like in 1955, anti-tax zealots have been trumping common sense and the nation's future on blatantly political grounds.

Although news headlines often glibly refer to a \war on women\ in political terms, policymakers might well devote more energy to sex trafficking -- a nightmarish war faced by the most vulnerable among us, young women who are being bought and sold for sex against their will.

With the voices of everyday Americans increasingly being drowned out by the likes of the Koch brothers, fixing our democracy can't wait.

After years of delays and divisiveness, the passage on Wednesday of a reauthorized Workforce Investment Act by an incredible majority of 415-6 in the House of Representatives, and by an overwhelming margin last month in the Senate, 95-3, represents a rare example of genuine bipartisanship, one that must be savored and built upon.



When Secretary Clinton launched the 100,000 Strong initiative in May 2010, many naysayers dismissed the idea of sending 100,000 American students to study in China as little more than lip service. Four years later, that's not the case.
President Obama is my President, he is the leader of my party, and I voted for him twice. But on the issue of Afghanistan, President Obama is wrong. Dead wrong.



As is so often true, it is what is not being said about the current migration of tens of thousands of unaccompanied children to the U.S. that is the most important.
Whatever holes one may pick in Picketty and other economists, plutocracy is rooted deeply and rules the world. If this is indeed inevitable, what's to be done?




















Pretending that reading a document like the Constitution is a simple, transparent and an entirely objective and neutral task is na\u00efve at best, intellectually dishonest at worst.

Anyone who wants to stop and chat can do so. But once patients decide to cross the line, they should be left alone. The Court noted that the environment is currently more peaceful than it once was. There's a reason for that.
Despite the July 4 tributes, millions of US soldiers and veterans are in serious trouble. Twenty two veterans kill themselves every day according to the Veterans Administration. A study by the Los Angeles Times found veterans are more than twice as likely as other civilians to commit suicide.



When you consider what has been happening to the average working person since the era of Ronald Reagan, it's amazing that the Republicans have fought the Democrats about to a draw. The recipe of Reagan and both Bushes has been to weaken government, undermine the regulation of market excesses, attack core social insurance programs, tilt the tax system away from the wealthy and towards the middle class, gut the safeguards that protect workers on the job, make college ever more unaffordable, and appoint judges who undermine democracy itself. That stuff is not exactly popular. Yet Democrats seem largely unable to convert Republican elitism to their advantage.




Emotional contagion is not always bad. But when it seeks to generate anger merely to criticize, condemn, and push ends for which no compromise is sought and no valid claims of others are acceptable, it propagates hate and despair
On July 9, the American Congress will convey a powerful message through the bestowal of the Congressional Gold Medal to remember the courageous acts of Raoul Wallenberg, a diplomat who chose to rise to a higher moral calling.
Walgreen, the largest drugstore chain in the U.S. with more than 8,700 drugstores spread across the nation, is on the verge of moving its corporate headquarters to Switzerland as part of a merger with Alliance Boots, the European drugstore chain.




The Hobby Lobby ruling not only is terrible news for women seeking a guarantee of good health care through their employer, but also for anybody who believes in personal freedom.


Happy 4th of July weekend! The week leading up to the holiday gave us much to celebrate -- and much not to celebrate. We can certainly rejoice that Hurricane Arthur failed to do much damage before weakening and heading out to sea.  But there can only be consternation at the Supreme Court's decision to allow some corporations to withhold birth control coverage -- damage reports to follow in the years to come. We can also celebrate that the latest jobs numbers showed the economy added 288,000 jobs in June. Far less worthy of fireworks is the fact that wage growth still lags in this unequal recovery. And though there were ugly anti-immigration protests in Southern California, we can celebrate that most Americans realize it's our shared history as a nation of immigrants that defines us.




At the time of writing, a destabilizing conflagration in the Gaza Strip appears to have been narrowly diverted. Unless Israel is readying a surprise attack (as it has done in the past), Hamas is set to accept Jerusalem's offer to cease rocket fire within 48 hours.

Faced with a system that is so rigged, so corrupt, so dysfunctional, we may finally discover the inner resources to become the citizens our Founders dreamed of.

On this Fourth of July weekend, it seems very obvious to many that the USA is moving forward in a \march of folly.\  There are so many issues and concerns that are affecting this country and those in leadership continue to ignore the problems.
Until the inhumane treatment of Palestinians is ended, Netanyahu cannot play the victim no matter how hard he may try to spin a situation -- even when he disgustingly uses the deaths of innocent teenagers to do so.
Youth unemployment continues to be a crisis here at home and abroad. It is the cause of instability, both financially and politically, as this generation remains unengaged by our economy and by our political system.
Under existing law, with the stroke of a pen, President Obama could solve the current crisis of the Central American children coming to America without visas.



Reactions to the horrific back-to-back kidnappings and murders of three young Israelis and a Palestinian teen have made clear several disturbing realities that must not be ignored.




Ideology is overly broad. It simplifies arguments, obscuring inconsistency of thought and differences between individuals. It provides security and community at the expense of this simplification.





How will America pass this test of character -- this test of our liberty, community, and equality? The clearest step we can take is to demand our liberty, community and equality at the polling place.

Instead of spending the morning thinking about the barbecue I was going to, or how thankful I was that my father immigrated to the only country i've ever called home -- I thought about how I was going to get profiled at Newark airport.





The petrifying reality that your taxes might go up, or that you might eventually have to pay for someone else's medical care is what keeps you up at night, not the prospect of leaving your home for a better life in some faraway land.
Pew factors voters into three categories
Many conservative Republicans have more or less admitted that those feelings are very present in the constituencies they represent. And the Republican leadership is unwilling to stand up to their fear of a more diverse American future.
Our politicians and our policies have ill-served most of the working families in this country for way too long now, and it is time to turn that around. The battle over whether the working class will be included in the American idea invented by Jefferson and those others in Philadelphia 238 years ago this week still rages on.
The Supreme Court has lost the confidence of Americans. We are now adrift without a moral compass, without checks and balances, without a credible mandate voice in any of our three plus media equals four branches of government.
If Merkel and her Christian Democratic party can help lead this effort in Germany, and with real results, what accounts for the 19th century U.S. framework of free markets, free trade, elimination of collective bargaining, and the destruction of economic opportunity for all but a few Americans?
I hope that our country can answer suffering with compassion. I hope we can find solutions to our broken immigration system that work for all of us, immigrant and non-immigrant alike. I hope we can remember that behind all the talk about policy and border security, there are faces with names.
You would think by listening to some on Capitol Hill that doing anything about climate change, will end life, as we know it. In fact, it's precisely the opposite. All of this has become a big fat political football where self-preservation is the priority over the national good.

The Fourth of July's yahoo of fireworks turns an immensely complicated time in U.S. history into a cartoon of miseducation. There is a lot that complicates the events surrounding the Fourth of July and the Revolutionary War.




The 4th of July might commemorate the independence of our country -- but it also serves as a bitter reminder that in 1776, the country that I love had no place for me in it.
To win the future, we should be providing incentives to encourage our youths to pursue professional careers that are suffering from labor shortages, instead of making education more costly and taxing for them.
We are going about this all wrong. The folks on the left say with fewer or no guns we will have fewer or no more gun crimes. The folks on the right say with more guns we will have more safety from people who would abuse guns.

A blatant disregard for the reality of sexual behavior in America, coupled with the belief that one's religion trumps the healthcare needs of even conservative women, is the real story behind the Supreme Court's Hobby Lobby decision.
As we mourn the passing of Howard Baker let us reflect upon the lessons that he valiantly if unconsciously was imparting to us over forty years ago
It had been an exciting spring for the drones. Notwithstanding ongoing reports of civilians in Pakistan and other countries being accidentally killed by drones, there was some good news.
Although I think the founders didn't mean to exclude women, I know they didn't mean to include corporations. Religious freedom does not include the right to deny your employees contraception.


You don't need a crystal ball to see that immigration-reform legislation is dead.  It is consistently one of the most difficult topics for any country to tackle, and we have the most dysfunctional, do-nothing Congress in U.S. history.
Just in case you want to be *that* person.
As a West Point graduate, a veteran, and the son of a World War II veteran, Robert McDonald may finally bring to VA the corporate credentials necessary to embrace the values, sensibilities, and 21st-century business acumen necessary to unmire an agency sunk to its axles in the mud of lies, subterfuge, management failure, and whistleblower suppression.
On at least two occasions then, the Court has chosen to remove limits on political spending on the implicit premise that this spending would be disclosed. Sadly, Citizen's United did not lead to more disclosure but instead to a wave of dark money.
Those who care about anti-discrimination laws in general, and the rights of LGBT individuals in particular, have much to be concerned about Monday's ruling by the Supreme Court in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby.
Criminal networks are robbing from our past to fund their terrorist activities, intimidate and undermine already struggling countries.  This global crisis requires a global solution, and the United States is well-positioned to lead this charge.

The Obama administration's statements about the three Al Jazeera journalists are encouraging and ring true to the needs of both the Egyptian and the American people, but it's unsure whether they are in the right position to point their finger just yet.
There is no question that without public financing, scientific inquiry in the U.S. would not be so robust as it is, and we need continued and growing research funding to secure a bright future.
If Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi is expecting the United States to deliver the $1.3 billion in annual military assistance without any delays or restrictions, he may be in for a \rude awakening,\ as Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Robert Menendez said during a hearing on Egypt earlier this month.
Politicians like Mike Turner willfully sling about phrases like \the big hand of government\ and \despotic solar subsidies\ while ignoring the fact that increasing numbers of conservatives are adamantly pro-solar.
Not for the last time in the Middle East would disaster come from the blundering ignorance and blinding arrogance of foreign intruders convinced by magical thinking of their own omnipotence and righteousness. How soon we forget. How often we repeat.

I wondered if On the Waterfront offered any commentary on today's labor struggles, and whether its depiction of Johnny Friendly bore any responsibility for the perception, by some, of modern unions as a corrupting influence in American life.
It is crucial for everyone to exercise their constitutional right to cast a ballot... even in midterm elections like the one coming up in November. After all the ballots are counted, someone is going to win whether you take part or not.

Ultimately the Stonewall Riots help free the gay community from the stigma of being born gay and remaining alive to their true nature, but it helped to free the straight world from the bondage of fear and bigotry regarding the variegated sexuality of humanity; a fear that held it in its grip.

Like everything else in America, US Law is also a victim of Capitalism... when are we going to wake up and realize this?


This decision may well presage how the Court will rule on the constitutionality of the NSA metadata collection program when that issue inevitably comes before it.








On this final day of the term, the Supreme Court will be handing down a decision with potentially broad implications not only for the rights of women and workers, but also for corporate personhood and religious liberty.





Recent attacks from the right wing on the success of Bill and Hillary Clinton since leaving the White House are absurd. If Republicans are looking for someone who is out of touch and does not reflect middle-class values at heart, they only need to look in the mirror.


By assuming the name of a group of cowardly white men who tried to place the blame of their criminal actions on the Indian people the Tea Party has proven that they have a one-sided view of American history.

Insurgents this week are pushing for regime change... in the U.S.. Is ISSA our ISIS -- and Lois Lerner really Nixon? Lowry and Alter clash whether the IRS is a true scandal or not even a \smidgeon\ of one.

This was a week of winning, losing, and sometimes winning by losing. On Wednesday, the Obama administration finally won the wide-ranging consensus it's always wanted by losing to a unanimous Supreme Court, which ruled decisively that police must get a warrant to search a cell phone during an arrest. On Thursday we all lost, as former Senate Majority Leader Howard Baker passed away. Known as \the Great Conciliator,\ he was a symbol of a more moderate -- and more effective -- Republican Party. In the World Cup, Uruguayan star Luis Suarez avoided using his hands, but not his teeth. For his toddler-worthy meltdown he was banned nine matches and given a four-month time-out. Meanwhile, the U.S. won by losing, advancing to the knockout stage of the tournament even while losing to Germany, thanks to Portugal beating Ghana. The U.S. fell only one goal short of remaining unbeaten, but, unlike Italy, they at least remained unbitten.

After long-simmering sectarian tensions exploded in Iraq a few weeks back, critics from the right and left have had a field day taking their shots at the Obama Administration's Iraq policy, or lack thereof.


Behind every country that erupts into civil war, falls victim to famine or flubs in respond to a natural disaster is a government that has failed to protect its citizens.
What does success against jihadist terrorist groups look like? For all the talk of a Forever War, we might just have an answer now.


If the right to get married -- though not specifically mentioned by the founding fathers -- is deemed fundamental to unfettered human experience, wouldn't the same argument be made in regards to physical intimacy?
The end of June is an important time on the political calendar, but it is one which most Americans don't really think about all that much.  It's hard to fault this, so let's take a quick run through the important decisions handed down in the past week.
Our adversarial legal process encourages an unenlightened and dispiriting dueling of expert witnesses. In addition, the death penalty has become an anomaly and an embarrassment.

If either Ginsburg or Breyer resign this summer we can expect a contentious, drawn out, and divisive confirmation battle. But that is nothing like we are bound to see if they wait until after November when odds are the Republicans will take the Senate.
When does justice delayed become justice denied? For the nation's 2 million home care workers, that time may be here. But states have the power to rectify the situation, and they should.

What the SCOTUS historically has not engaged in since the days of the Robber Barons, though, seems to be pattern and practice of the Roberts SCOTUS






Fifty years later it's time for another movement to demand a fairer and more just Mississippi and America and end the violence of poverty and illiteracy. Repeat after me
The mainstream media cover bits and pieces of the destruction as pumped-up entertainment, with the Iraqis and everyone else trapped in the planet's various International Hot Spots remaining abstractions and curiosities. This is journalistic malfeasance of the highest order.


President Obama has promised not to send \combat troops\ to Iraq, but it's hard to see how the U.S. military personnel he is sending there can avoid combat, given that they are being dropped into the middle of a civil war.

The IRS simply does not have the budget to do its lawful job effectively, which is to collect revenue for the U.S. government. What does that mean for taxpayers?
This week's unanimous Supreme Court decision affirming a robust Fourth Amendment protection for cellphone data is an enormously important victory for privacy rights in the digital age.
Is it just me or is Chris McDaniel a really sore loser? Not only he delivered an angry non-concession speech on the election night, but at the time of this writing he still refuses to concede and threatens to sue.





Western leaders face a steep challenge as they manage competing foreign policy interests

Egypt death sentences




Even if they break away from the GOP and form their own party (which would help liberals immensely), the Tea Party won't be able to stop the country from becoming more liberal with every generation.
Previously unreasonable searches become reasonable ones under new government interpretations of the Fourth Amendment. Traditional tools of law, like subpoenas and warrants, continue to exist even as they morph into monstrous new forms.
Sooner or later -- count on it -- the company or business you work for will be capable, via intelligent software, of monitoring every move you make, not to speak of everyone you may be in touch with while on the clock.

An estimated 5,000 children have been placed into foster care because their parents were deported. Hard to believe that this statistic is true, but it is; and as mothers, we knew that this was the story we had to tell.
Thursday's Supreme Court ruling in McCullen vs. Coakley, despite the unified outcome and facade, makes it clear that abortion is and will continue to be a wedge issue dividing the justices for years to come.


GOP leaders don't seem fazed by the potential looming political booby trap. They are too busy accusing Obama of incompetence and lack of character in an attempt to delegitimize his presidency.


It turns out that immigration law stumps even the Supreme Court. The Court's recent decision in Scialabba v. Cuellar de Osorio is marred by errors that may well have affected its outcome.


Fathoming legislative intent simply is too subjective and too slender of a reed to support such an important decision and to divide the winners from the losers that others have already sorted out.

Now the market is crowded with candy-sounding labels -- K2, Spice, Bliss, Bombay Blue -- that mimic the effects of illicit narcotics like opium, cannabis and MDMA.  Hazardous to your health?  You bet.  Illegal?  Not necessarily.





One year ago, a majority of Supreme Court justices weakened the federal government's ability to prevent voter discrimination. In a sweeping decision, they decimated the Voting Rights Act.
In a stunning news release from Congressman Chris Collins (NY-27) today, it was revealed a vacant Walmart in an upstate New York suburb is being considered by the federal government to house children of illegal immigrants.

Republican presidents signed the last three extensions of the VRA, ensuring continuous protection for all Americans. It is that history of support for the Voting Rights Act that makes it so particularly discouraging that the new bipartisan legislation to modernize the act.
Real GDP contracted at a 2.9 percent rate according to revised data released on Wednesday.  That's contracted, as in went down. So, are we back in recession?

The World Bank, which for decades has been criticized has overly focused on the construction of dams and other infrastructures as the cure for poverty, is turning its focus to the real engine of economic progress in the developing world

Last week, Gov. Pat Quinn signed into law a measure that bans police departments from setting ticket quotas for their officers, which takes effect immediately for local, county and state police.


Taxpayers are paying thousands of dollars to send people to prisons when the fines are less than the cost of incarceration. Some counties even brag about the amount of money raised from fines, but they are using false math.


In some cases, political geography is trumped by other factors. Take the case of the recent finish of the much-ballyhooed race in the East Bay between Steve Glazer and Tim Sbranti.



Drug policy reform is an issue that conservatives should rally behind. There are three overwhelming and compelling reasons why this is so.
If there is to be a just resolution, some sufficiently potent other groups of people will have to effectively weigh in on the side of the Palestinian victims of occupation.



The phenomenon of intra-religious strife highlights the key problem with using religious texts and doctrines to address ethical issues in general, and in particular, how we treat other human beings. All holy texts, and the doctrines derived from such texts, are infinitely malleable.
This was a week that saw the return of former leaders with less than successful results. In the World Cup, Spain fell 2-0 to Chile, knocking the defending champions out even before the upcoming knockout rounds. In an even worse reappearance, former Vice President Dick Cheney appeared on Fox News to defend his assertion that President Obama has \been so wrong about so much.\ But host Megyn Kelly scored a surprise knockout herself when she said, \History has proven that you got it wrong as well in Iraq, sir.\ As they say
Shrum and Matalin agree it's the definition of insanity for the president to reinsert U.S. into centuries-long religious war when likeliest conclusion a tripartitioned Iraq back to pre-1919.


I would like that same kind of trust and credibility from our president and his administration and his advisers.  They have every right to take credit for their successes, but they also have every responsibility to accept the blame for their mistakes, misjudgments and failures.






Our government is missing the chance to correct past mistakes and to partner with the Salvadoran people as they journey toward a just and peaceful society.  The American people can do better.
While everyone else is watching the steadily increasing carbon dioxide levels reach and exceed 400 parts per million (0.04 percent of the atmosphere), another group of scientists have been fretting over the Second Greenhouse Gas
The news media showed without a shadow of a doubt that they have not learned from their coverage in the run-up to the Iraq war, as pretty much everyone who got Iraq fundamentally wrong before we invaded was invited to share their views.
With the kidnapping, Netanyahu has been reborn. Playing the victim card and confronting enemies is what he loves most and does best. The kidnappers have given the Prime Minister an undeserved second wind. No longer \the obstacle to peace,\ he has become \the defender of his victim people.\
It goes without saying that when it comes to Iraq, enough is enough.
Once again, Barack Obama is showing his lack of serious concern for the military. Instead of court martialing Bowe Bergdahl, who presumably went AWOL in Afghanistan, Obama traded five high-level Taliban terrorists from Guantanamo Bay, for his release.

The case against Scott Walker's and his aides turns on the idea of unlawful cooperation. In Wisconsin as in a number of other states, it is illegal for campaigns to coordinate political activities with outside funding groups. That takes a little explaining.
As the nation analyzes the roots of the recent meltdown in the Middle East, this much is certain

The Iran nuclear talks present a rare opportunity for a major American diplomatic victory.  If negotiators from the P5+1 and Iran bridge the remaining political gaps, they will resolve a major national security threat -- a potential Iranian nuclear weapon -- without a shot being fired.

June 4, 1998 began as a routine day. I kissed three-year-old Markie and my five-year-old daughter Jennifer goodbye as I took my two older girls to school. A day that began so normally ended with heartbreak and pain that I still can't begin to explain.
In all those years of play dates and sleepovers, I never had anyone ask me about my guns, and I never asked anyone else about theirs. I didn't think to ask. I would have never let my child go there if I had known they had guns lying around unsecured.
The influence of money in our political system isn't inescapable, and we should look to the states to find effective measures to curb the power of money. However, as Fredrick Douglass noted, \Power cedes nothing without demand.\ Simply knowing what works isn't enough. We need


The Saint Paul Grill has declared Gene McCarthy a non-person and you can no longer swill your favorite drink while he gazes over you. I wish I could hear what he would say about it.  Too bad for a city that prides itself as one that pays homage to its history.

The decision to abandon the policy of aggressive containment, and launch a war to overthrow Saddam has led us to the precipice of what we had been attempting to avoid for a quarter of a century -- the breakup of Iraq, and dangerous instability for the foreseeable future, including the distinct possibility of a terrorist safe haven in the Sunni tribal lands. And, whether we agree with it or not, the U.S. will forever be blamed for all of the negative consequences. Relitigating the past is obviously painful for those who were so terribly wrong, and whose actions led to what is arguably the most egregious foreign policy error in the history of our country. But it is necessary as we consider the way ahead.
There are two elements to keep in mind in assessing the sudden Sunni surge in Iraq. First, the Sunni-populated part of Iraq is virtually bereft of natural resources. The Kurdish and Shia parts in the northeast and south respectively are not. This is largely what renders partition problematic.

It's not very often that I see something on a corporate-owned American TV news channel and go, \Wow guys, that was great.\ But tonight I did. CNN deserves a huge bravo -- and a huge thank you -- for their special '60s episode about the war in Vietnam.
Let us make decisions henceforth based upon a realization of our past mistakes rather than continue to blindly adhere to presupposed visions of positive influence that never was and never will have any basis in reality.


Some form of military intervention to stop ISIS from overrunning the country and to protect American assets may be inevitable, but the near singular focus on military intervention ignores what should be an obvious lesson of the past dozen years
Of course, in Washington, following the money is always a sound principle for explaining repetition of failed policy.
This is an American defeat for a war of choice we commenced and prosecuted for yet another decade. We created this war, and now it ends. We own this defeat.
While the government works to sweep asylum-seekers off its streets and decant them back into the interior of the African continent, the vast majority of Jewish religious institutions and lay leaders in Israel have not made any attempt to aid the Africans.
Even before the current crises in Ukraine, Syria, and Iraq, criticism of the Obama administration's foreign policy had become so intense that it reached a boiling point over the past year.

Just look at who voted for the Lily Ledbetter Act of 2009. If your representative voted 'Nay', they believe that women should be paid less than men. Let's get these 'Mad Men' out of office and allow common sense to prevail.
As with the VA itself, the federal bureaucracy charged with protecting \whistleblowers\ -- an unnecessarily disparaging appellation if there ever was one -- is itself broken.  The consequences for American workers are catastrophic.
For the third time this year, three-fourths of the members of House Democratic Caucus have written to the president, rejecting the current framework of the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
It's been almost a year since the day Wendy Davis arrived on the senate floor in her now famous pink sneakers to bravely filibuster a bill that if passed would have huge implications on reproductive health care in the state of Texas.

The Iraq disaster remains George W. Bush's enduring folly, and the Republican attempt to shift the blame to the Obama presidency is obscene nonsense. This was, and will always be, viewed properly as Bush's quagmire, a murderous killing field based on blatant lies.

The reason it's \totally inappropriate\ to look Muslim or speak Pastho (ironically, we've been in Afghanistan for over a decade helping people who speak Pashto) is because such sentiments pander to the prejudice and biases possessed by certain viewers of Fox, as well as certain Republican voters.
Neocons and elite media personalities who got everything wrong on Iraq now darken my TV screen telling me to ignore the invasion, the eight-year occupation, the lies about weapons of mass destruction, \mushroom clouds\ becoming \smoking guns,\ the torture at Abu Ghraib prison and everything else, and pretend the war started with General David Petraeus's miraculous \surge\ where everything was wonderful in Iraq until the \dove\ Obama pulled the plug. It's a nice narrative if your goal is partisan advantage, but like so much else we've heard from policy elites regarding Iraq, it has nothing to do with reality.






This time no one is talking about \boots on the ground\ -- yet -- but starting with air strikes could easily lead to deeper U.S. involvement once it is clear that bombing is having no effect.


The likes of Paul Wolfowitz -- or worse still, Paul Bremer -- are on TV as experts opining about what U.S. policy should be now. Let us collectively ignore them and instead focus on the voices of leaders within Iraq working in the interests of the Iraqi people.

2013. A year in Pakistan's history when the government and public were celebrating a successful election as for the first time ever in the nation's history. Democracy, here, is when the government is fooling the masses who have been kept under the false pretense of having the right to express themselves completely.
The situation is worsened by the ability of the rich to skew the system to protect the flow of more wealth to the already wealthy. A complex society requires complex regulation. Ideally, laws and regulations manage the economy for the benefit of society as a whole.
Plagued by ideological gridlock, midterm electioneering and the fall of Majority Leader Eric Cantor, Congress appears hopelessly fragmented and paralyzed, unable to vote on even the most important policy issues of our time.
Does anyone actually still believe the words \trickle-down theory\ have any valid meaning? Is anyone buying into this fiction that increasing the minimum wage would ruin our economy but multi-million dollar executive salaries don't increase prices at all?

A bold U.S. president now has an opportunity to establish a legacy no less historic than Nixon's opening to China, and to do so at relatively little political cost.

As college costs rise, many low- and middle-income families find it more and more difficult to pay for higher education. Over the past three decades. Since 1980, the average cost of tuition at a public university has more than tripled, while a typical family's income has hardly budged.
Mention affordable housing and too often it conjures up the thought of failed housing programs from the '50s and '60s. Not only does this fly in the face of reality of what's happening in our cities today but it does a disservice to the residents of recently built affordable homes.

Calling the war a \mistake\ is the language of denial, not contrition




I will never forget walking into a social event for young people at a Syrian-Lebanese convention in the mid-1980s. When the assembled youths recognized his presence in the room they let out a shout of joy. Casey, their star, was with them.
If we are to solve our myriad domestic problems and revitalize our economy we need to be more selective about our involvement in foreign crises large and small.


What many people don't realize -- especially those on the far right of the political spectrum -- is that our inability to muster up a congressional vote on immigration reform shows that our nation remains caught in the struggle for civil rights.

If Kafka were around to design a plan for governance, the result would be this pay-your-own-way approach. When government tries to make some citizens pay for services we all rely on, the results are at best bizarre, at worst sinister.
This week saw Iraq teetering on the edge of chaos as militants seized the nation's second largest city, Mosul. It was another reminder that the devastation from one of the biggest blunders in U.S. history continues, as 300,000 Iraqis became refugees this week alone. Incredibly, the war's cheerleaders somehow took the turmoil as vindication that the U.S. should never have left. \Lindsey Graham and John McCain were right,\ said McCain. But the problem isn't what we did in 2011; it's what we did in 2003. In 2014, we need to stop listening to those who have been wrong on this war again and again.  Back home, Tea Party challenger Dave Brat knocked off House Majority Leader Eric Cantor. Though Brat's no-reform stance on immigration played a role in the outcome, more powerful was his anti-Wall Street message, leading Ryan Lizza to dub him \the Elizabeth Warren of the right.\ For establishment politicians, including Hillary Clinton, it's a message they ignore at their peril.
Nothing the government does now -- no action or non-action on its part -- will change the fundamental trajectory of national tragedy -- and I don't just mean Iraq's -- if we, the American people, do not wake up to what has happened here.








One might assume that life in the most religious states in the nation would approximate the idealized \City upon a Hill\ envisioned some four hundred years ago by John Winthrop, the Puritan colonist who served as first governor of Massachusetts Bay Colony. To check that assumption, I did some research.

Before the next round of U.S. negotiations with Iran, why doesn't the U.S. apologize for its unjust 1953 actions? Let's start there. We pat ourselves on the back for spreading the light of liberty. Shouldn't we likewise accept responsibility when we've extinguished it?
Eventually the question will be asked -- \Who lost Iraq?\ In a way, it might be seen as an improper question to ask since it presumes that Iraq was ours to lose. The fact that it was not, however, doesn't absolve us of responsibility.

Last month, two Saudi Shi'ites received death sentences for allegedly committing crimes that caused no deaths or injuries, marking the harshest punishments issued by Saudi Arabia's government against Shi'ite activists in the Eastern Province since sectarian unrest in 2011.
Obama has accomplished far too much in the face of far too much adversity. To spin his plunging popularity numbers as if he's a complete failure is to horribly mangle the comparison with the president who clearly was a failure.


In Pakistan, unless you are very well-connected, possession of guns is not an easy task. In contrast, the USA, one of the most advanced nations in the world, has such an easy access to guns that I am literally dumbfounded. And this access is coming at a terrible cost.

My annual calendar has two special days, each celebrating a special form of courage. Both, environmentally appropriately, are in the spring. The kind of to attack when it is easy to stand-pat is the theme of the annual June Solidarity PAC lunch.
What were/are we training Iraqis for? Should not the training, for a country we knew nothing about but were trying to \save,\ have been the other way around?
Iraq is self-destructing. This led the Wall Street Journal to call for a few airstrikes and some American paratroopers to fix the problem, because we all know how well that turned out the last time, right?

Rather than confront poverty by extending jobless benefits to the long-term unemployed, endorsing a higher minimum wage, or supporting jobs programs, conservative Republicans are taking a different tack. They're peddling three big lies about poverty.
These are precisely the people who kicked open the sectarian hornets' nest in 2003 when they invaded Iraq and unleashed years of civil war that led to hundreds of thousands of deaths and millions of refugees.

With reports of increased incidences of cancer, news of accompanying financial challenges is no surprise -- which makes me wonder why some lawmakers and individuals do not understand the economic fallout of cancer, not just for patients and their families, but for all of us.


America is still struggling to live up to its creed enunciated in the Declaration of Independence and overcome its huge birth defects built into the implementation of our political and economic system.








The stunning upset defeat of House Majority Leader, Rep. Eric Cantor (R-VA) by Professor David Brat, an economist from Randolph-Macon College, in Tuesday's Republican primary has several takeaways for progressives besides envy and shame over why they do not directly take on the corporate Democrats.



There are legitimate conclusions to be drawn from Cantor's defeat. Some are self-evident -- like don't have incompetent pollsters, don't be inauthentic, and try not to be personally unlikable. But there are also some useful insights to be gained from David Brat's upset victory, especially for the left.


The Georgia legislature passed, and the governor signed, the \Safe Carry Protection Act of 2014.\ The purpose of that act is to make Georgia a safer place. The way that is accomplished is by increasing the places into which people with concealed carry permits can carry guns.







If you work hard, you should make enough to live a good life and provide a better one for your kids. That's a conviction worth fighting for and a sentiment that rings true for most people, not just in Seattle but everywhere.
Who is David Brat, the out-of-nowhere college professor who beat Eric Cantor in the GOP primary?
As a teacher and student of our criminal justice system, I see a familiar pattern in Jason Goudlock's story.



What might be underneath the recent public fascination with a zombie apocalypse? To some extent, the recurring rise of the zombie reflects our fear of the shadow side of unreflective technological progress.

If the weapons were under U.S. supervision, and they were used to shoot down Iranian aircraft, then there would be no question who the ultimate author of the action was
While the autocratic Habsburg Empire was in no way a forerunner of the European Union, reviving its historical and cultural legacies -- unlike the expansion of extreme right wing and xenophobic parties in Austria, Hungary, and other parts of Central Europe -- is politically benign and potentially beneficial.

Relocation of boundaries makes Russia look into the Central Asian states to protect and enhance the influence. The fight scenes moves, they have the same directors but other protagonists.
State Senator Phil Puckett, a Democrat, announced his resignation today after 16 years in the senate. If a Republican replaces Puckett, his daughter gets a judgeship and he gets a position as Deputy Director of the state tobacco commission.
It is a shame that LtCol Slear left our ranks in 2001. He would have experienced what these wars were like from the ground, not a television.
The lawsuit is significant because, for the first time, it  attempts to establish a formal link between the Nazis and Arab countries. The lawyers' claims have initially been rejected, but they are determined to pursue their case to the highest court in the land.

The higher people's future expectations are, the lower those same people's satisfaction with the present is, and vice-versa. If people are unsatisfied with the present, they have a rosier view of the future. If people are satisfied with the present, they fear the future.

For all elections, public financing is needed, in order to ensure that voters hear from all candidates rather than just the most well-funded.

With Friday's numbers showing the addition of 217,000 jobs, the U.S. finally restored the 9 million jobs lost in the recession -- five years after it supposedly ended. But we can keep the champagne on the shelf

The richest and most powerful nation that the world has ever known can certainly design a social support system that is both humane and fair.  The richest and most powerful nation that the world has ever seen can certainly afford to feed, house and cloth all its citizens.

Why does GOP enthusiasm for the tea party senator translate into another Clinton in the Oval Office?



Right now Thomas Piketty's book, and all the others that have exposed, analyzed and offered prescriptions for our economic inequality, are powerful ideas in search of a movement. Income equality is not like the weather. Rather than just complaining about it, we can actually do something to make it better.





The modern conservative movement has gone so deeply off the rails, has taken positions so strongly opposed to most Americans' views on most issues, that fear is the main tactic they have left -- fear of blacks, fear of same-sex relationships, fear of terrorists, fear of communists, fear of immigrants.

Soccer, metaphor for war, at times turns into real war. Then \sudden death\ is no longer just a name for a dramatic way of deciding a tied match. As often occurs with religion, patriotism, and politics, soccer can bring tensions to a boil, and many horrors are committed in its name.


Our society is at least four times as rich as it was when my dad came home from the war. Far too much of that national wealth is going to the wrong people -- bankers and speculators who not only don't earn their wealth but who caused a great recession for everyone else. My dad didn't go to college; he was the first member of his family to own a house thanks to the GI bill (no housing scandals of that era -- these were direct government loans), and he was part of a rising, hard-working middle class. My kids and grandkids didn't suffer the Great Depression, nor did they have to slog across Normandy or serve time in a German POW camp. But they face a stunted future. My father's generation did not make their sacrifices only so that their great-grandchildren would be the stunted generation.

BSN assumes that a) man-made carbon is accelerating warming & b) the Bergdahl swap was a 51-49 decision. Within these boundries, Lowry/Reagan clash over the EPA rule's \war on coal\ and the price we paid to bring home the Afghan War's last American POW. In both, Obama acts on \Yes we can\ while GOP critics say \Yes but.\


The talking points flying around this week have all been on a single subject -- the release of Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl, the only American soldier captured in the war in Afghanistan.

Sen. Paul and the rest of the GOP should realize that even nations that have learned to live with terrorism as a way of life (states like Israel, Colombia and Sri Lanka) have traded thousands of prisoners in exchange for hostages.


Grace Garcia was the matriarch of a tight-knit circle of women working to change the face of power in Texas politics.
Bill Moyers, who turned 80 on Thursday, has been one of the most prolific and influential figures in American journalism.


To pick one result, while ignoring this \big picture\ is to \miss the forest for the trees.\ Pointing out a result is as easy as finding a number on a chart. But understanding the meaning of that result is the key to making sense of this or any poll.
Over 73 million adults have a college degree in this country, but less than 2 million of them are members of the One Percent. Most earn less than a fifth of what they'd need to qualify for the One Percent.

Funding infrastructure through bonds doubles the price or worse. Costs can be cut in half by funding through the state's own bank.
Sacred war is a national rite of collective sacrifice and transcendence, as Lincoln declared in the Gettysburg Address


Not every speaker tells a crowd of young leaders that their job is to get into trouble. But that's part of the message iconic civil rights warrior and now Congressman John Lewis (D-GA) conveyed to students this week.

Choice is hard. Life is hard. But Joe Miller has abandoned complexity in lieu of irresponsible soundbites. To make such a wildly inaccurate policy statement, purposefully and solely for short-term political gain, is a reprehensible breach of ethics and is beneath even the basement level of politics we associate with the modern day campaign.
Nothing demonstrates how war has changed more than the fact that thousands of soldiers become prisoners of war (POW) or went missing in action (MIA) in previous conflicts whereas now, with the release of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, there are no American POWs.
Opponents of the law have filed four lawsuits designed to stop families from obtaining the very thing that allows them to afford their health insurance premiums
As a civil justice observer, might I add one missing item to the veterans'-issues-reform agenda? It's certainly not up there with immediate healthcare needs, but new federal court rulings threaten to open old wounds for many who made the ultimate sacrifice, albeit decades after they served.
A widespread notion that the sole responsibility of corporations is to make money for the owners is a major factor supporting the trend of increasing wealth at the top levels of society, at the expense of every one else.
Exelon's brazenly dishonest campaign against wind and other renewables has outraged environmentalists and nuclear watchdog groups. But it also has aroused the ire of some of its own industry fraternity members.
It is true that the current superpower is not an angel, but the way we are viewing things has seriously affected our own welfare and virtually made us unable to self introspect.







This increase in population growth brings several challenges; cities must plan for increased demand for services
When politicians claim to hold two contradictory positions at once, electorates should be on their guard. One of those positions has got to be false. Newly selected Republican senate nominee for Iowa, Joni Ernst, is having just such a problem.


While I applaud those who are raising their voices against the Sultan of Brunei and his country's implementation of Sharia Law, I think there's an opportunity being missed. I'd love for those boycotting to be lions that roar at Brunei, not little mice that squeak at a hotel chain.
Sasha Shulgin, who passed away Monday at the age of 88, was many things to many people. He was not just a pharmacologist, author, and medical chemist, but a pioneer in drug policy reform.

It would be a great travesty and shame to the reputation of the UN, exposing the global body to more public ridicule, if Mr. Kutesa is elected to the Presidency on June 11 when the 193 member nations vote.
Contrary to what many in the conservative media have desperately suggested in recent days, unions are not the reason why the VA is facing a crisis over delays in providing health care to our nation's war heroes. In fact, unions are the solution.
As somebody who has a close kinship with the people and business leaders of Thailand, I'm heartbroken by the recent military coup.  Over the past couple of years, I have spent a great deal of time in Bangkok on speaking tours and working with the emerging professional class.
President Obama presented the case for his foreign policy last week -- again.  He addressed the cadet corps at West Point in what was billed as a comprehensive strategic statement for the balance of his tenure in office, and for America's future.

After two years of almost no economic growth, the IMF is now projecting a steep recession for this year, with the economy shrinking by 5 percent. This is largely because of budget tightening that the government has committed to, amounting to about 3 percent of GDP over the next two years.
In the sea of bad news the public receives every day, the Drug War has become one of the leading bright spots, with each day bringing yet another change, the first steps toward rolling back four decades of soul-crushing injustice.

Among other things, if you're adding up casualties in this unnamed war, 1,500 women are murdered annually by their husbands or boyfriends. That adds up to a 9/11-sized disaster every two years.
There is one direct approach to Caracas immediately available. The administration should challenge Maduro to restore normal diplomatic relations. The US and Venezuela have not exchanged ambassadors since 2010.



In five out of the last six months, in fact, Obama's numbers have gotten better. He is now roughly where he was right before the impact of the Obamacare website rollout hit his approval rating.
In March 1969, my hero and mentor, Carl Oglesby was forced out as president of the Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) by a radical left-wing faction that had taken control of the organization.
Even as gas tax revenues dip, however, our transportation policy remains largely focused toward building ever more and wider highways, instead of serving the full array of America's emerging transportation needs.
With important issues facing our nation, very little is getting done. And for our nation's children, stalemate in Congress precludes action on addressing a wide array of problems.
We can't possibly jail or hospitalize everyone who has violent fantasies. The best we can hope for is to reduce access to weapons of mass destruction. It shouldn't be easier for a potential killer to get a gun than get an outpatient appointment. We need to improve both sides of this equation. More treatment, fewer guns.
VA Secretary Eric Shinseki has resigned. While it solves none of the fundamental problems within the VA, it can perhaps remove him as the object of attention and allow us to focus on the underlying, systemic failings that anyone who cared to look would have already known about.
A disclosure by British weekly, The Sunday Times, of millions of documents allegedly revealing massive Qatari vote buying in the Gulf state's successful bid to host the 2022 World Cup could return the worst corruption crisis in global soccer governance to the top of the agenda.

LONDON -- This week began with the continuing fallout from the killing spree at UCSB. Richard Martinez, whose son was among the victims, blamed \craven, irresponsible politicians and the NRA.\ Echoing that outrage, and the senselessness that lets it continue, the Onion nailed it
Instead of listening, Republicans continued with the \mission first, troops second mentality.\




Conservatives in all corners of the globe must have felt their hearts sing, if only for a moment, when the Financial Times ran a piece entitled \Piketty findings undercut by errors.\ Sadly for them, the FT's claims proved untrue.





In an interview last week with NBC's Brian Williams, NSA secret-leaker Edward Snowden set himself a low bar and claimed success
Would Winston Churchill have sent troops in to stop Vladimir Putin's grab for the Crimea? Those still calling for military action love to draw parallels with Churchill's early and unyielding opposition to Hitler during the run-up to World War II.

One story risks being buried among all this other newsworthy stuff, and that is the vote which happened late last night in the House of Representatives.
Now, I'm not a Brian Williams hater. I think he's a fine news anchor. But his interview with Ed Snowden was yet another in a long, long line of deferential, uninformed, unchallenging genuflections before a guy whose story and motivations are more than a little specious.
The camouflaged, bearded duck hunter in the sky, in his infinite wisdom and vendetta against mallards, gave liberals everywhere a gift. His name is Phil Robertson and his controversial comments on homosexuals, Satan in politics and God are well-documented.
We hear so much these day about banks and companies that have become so large they are unable to manage themselves -- that there are so many layers of bureaucracy that illegal and unethical behavior can go undetected for years.
Memorial Day offers an annual remembrance of courage and sacrifice as well as the all-too-frequent foolish and counterproductive effusion of American blood.  Most of the conflicts in which so many Americans died were fool's errands, wars which the U.S. should never have fought.


Despite the bloviating of supposedly outraged congressmen, editorialists and the White House, the Inspector General and the press have been reporting about the terrible shortcomings at the V.A. for years.



Just a few days remain till California's primary election. Will California Republicans, whose share of the state's electorate dropped more than seven percent over the past decade, veer even further to the right with their standard-bearer for governor?





The Marshall islands were subjected to dozens of nuclear tests, carried out by the U.S. after 1945.\nAccording to the Associated Press, the island group filed suit in late April against each of the nine nuclear-armed powers in the International Court of Justice in The Hague, Netherlands.

On Monday, Obama will announce new rules to reduce carbon pollution from power plants.  One might be tempted to think this is just a boring old regulatory matter. But the ramifications are huge, and not just for the climate.  This announcement portends a whopping new jobs opportunity for the country



A recently retired interim police chief in Seattle replied, \I'm not there yet\ when asked by a local reporter whether he could support an end to drug prohibition. As these leaders continue to dither, we will continue to experience a steady stream of exasperating, heartbreaking incidents.
Simple sharing of gun ownership information (which is available when people buy a gun) to state police should be routine. It might even be possible. When I get stopped for a traffic infraction, the police immediately pull up all of my records.


Can President Obama seize the opportunity to initiate and catalyze real change -- meaning transforming the systemic incompetence and corruption at VA and creating a culture that supports the many employees whose dedicated, skillful and innovative efforts have gone unsupported or undermined, and, most importantly, a culture that remembers every day and is responsive in word and deed to the veterans it serves?

The Republican-led legislature and the Governor of Michigan passed a watered-down anti-democratic semblance of a bill to increase the minimum wage recently, and critics wonder why no one is jumping for joy.
Some people would say the stars aligned for Modi and the BJP. However, it seems that Modi was the one aligning the stars and able to channel their popularity to campaign esteem.






Something is fundamentally broken, and we need radical changes in order to fix it. We need to put the fear of prison time into the heads of top executives before they make the decision to put profits over people.



Now that I know you're unafraid to get overtly political, I'm hoping that speech was just the start of a big public relations campaign to defend healthier school food.





In 1965, Carl Oglesby assumed leadership of the student-activist organization SDS. This change reflected what I believe was an ideological shift in America's left wing
We predict that Russia will continue to recognize the separatist cities and do everything in its power to make it difficult for the Ukraine to be an active participate in the European Union by raising gas prices.
A doctoral student at Columbia University complains that political scientists have been ignoring the 25 million residents of Appalachia. He is correct.
Experts are calling for increased protection to healthcare workers and patients in crisis situations in the face of growing attacks on health facilities, which challenge notions of their neutrality.
Just like opposing torture does not mean one condones terrorism, opposing the death penalty does not mean one condones murder.

As someone who's covered political violence overseas, it's clear to me that as Americans, we need to change our vocabulary. We have one set of vocabulary for events that happen overseas, and a \Rated G\ vocabulary for American soil -- and we're doing ourselves a profound disservice.
Pentagon planning
The Police Executive Research Forum, a Washington-based think tank and consultant, prepared the report last year following a spate of deadly shootings by Customs and Border Protection agents and officers. Overall, Customs and Border Protection agents and officers have killed nearly 30 people since 2010.
Why does the U.S. government not respect native american tribal sovereignty yet argue the sovereignty of nation-states, such as Ukraine in the current geopolitical situation, must not be violated?
To avoid escalatory steps, the United States and China have to find ways to have an open and fair dialogue on cyber-espionage and other cybersecurity related issues.

For 150 years, since the Emancipation Proclamation freed slaves in Confederate states, we have relied upon the conveniences of selective memory and mythmaking to imagine a more united, United States.

For us to learn anything from this tragedy we have to wrench ourselves away from his manifesto -- it's not about him anymore.  Leave him to his fate in eternity, and wish solace on everyone.
The story that troubles me is what occurred under America's first African-American president, in our own time. I refer to the preventable catastrophe of the wipe-out of black home equity. Beginning in the 1970s, when the Federal government finally stopped colluding in racial redlining, black families at last got a reasonable shot at accumulating wealth via the dream of homeownership -- assets for one's old age and something to pass along to one's children. One of the most disgusting slanders by the right against low-income people and especially African Americans is the claim that the subprime collapse resulted from the government pressuring lenders to loan to unqualified borrowers. The vast majority of subprime loans were written by mortgage companies not even covered by federal law. Subprime was a scheme originated on Wall Street to profit from deceiving borrowers.

Before we personally experience a mass shooting within our own community it is easy to distance ourselves and think that mass shootings happen in other places, and to other people. But Friday night drove me to understand that at any moment it can happen.



The nation's Memorial Day observations were divided. In the North, the federal government created national cemeteries for men who died in the war, while state governments from New York to Michigan gradually made Decoration Day an official holiday throughout the 1870s.
Our veterans deserve much, much better. And of course, as far as I'm concerned, a lot more parades.
Having such a powerful 50-million-people political and economic partner should be a source of admiration rather than denigration by the American people.













While many will be setting up their grills, thankful for a long weekend and looking forward to the summer, numerous journalists will also be making commentary on what this day means.


My extended family, all naturalized American citizens, are among the 17 million people in the U.S. living in mixed-status immigrant households where at least one person is undocumented. I'm the only one in my family who doesn't have the right papers to be in the U.S.
This week, President Obama met with VA Secretary Eric Shinseki over reports of treatment delays. \If these allegations prove to be true, it is dishonorable, it is disgraceful and I will not tolerate it,\ said Obama after the meeting. We should absolutely hold accountable those responsible for the recent suffering and deaths of America's veterans. But let's not stop with the VA. One reason the system is so overwhelmed is because of the tens of thousands injured in Iraq, an unnecessary war, which also claimed over 4,400 soldiers' lives. In 2003, Shinseki, then serving as Army chief of staff, testified it would take \several hundred thousand soldiers\ to occupy Iraq. For speaking the truth about the recklessness and hubris behind the invasion, he was pushed aside by Bush, Rumsfeld and Wolfowitz.  So yes, there should be a price to pay for the unnecessary deaths of U.S. veterans -- but when will there be a price to pay for all those who were killed or are still suffering because of an unnecessary and immoral war?



Promises? Walker is a wriggler!

Our highest patriotism on this Memorial Day should not simply be to mourn those Americans who have died fighting in the uniform of our country, but more importantly, we should all vow that unnecessary wars -- like Vietnam, Iraq, and Afghanistan -- will never, ever happen again.






Gay marriage is becoming legal in so many states, it's hard to keep up these days. As federal court after federal court strikes down laws against marriage equality, some politicians have realized it's a losing battle.
Let's hope that the continuing string of Pharma outrages and scandals provokes a righteous and effective backlash. We are fighting the wrong war on drugs. Containing Pharma should be our number one public health priority.


A just-issued letter to President Obama does not go as far as it might, but because of the VIP character of the signers, it is a significant step in the process of inducing the White House to finally move forward.


By receiving financial subsidies from the Export-Import Bank of the US, an airline with antiquated laws is getting unfair competitive advantage over American companies. American taxpayers should no longer be giving their money to foreign companies whose principles run contrary to ours.

Perhaps the question of \why not\ isn't very complicated. Though Republican leadership favors a bill, minority caucuses can easily and with impunity block legislation these days. But I was struck by something else.

I am a frontline witness to effects of the racist \War on Drugs\ and the transformation of our prison system into a for-profit growth industry. I am grateful and emphatically supportive of congressional candidate Marianne Williamson for bringing the dark atrocity that has befallen our justice system into the light.



\Foster care is not fun for anyone,\ says 24-year-old law student Amy Peters, who entered Nebraska's foster care system at age 12 and remained until she \aged out\ at 19. Fortunately for Amy, she excelled in high school and was accepted at the University of Nebraska.

The candidates must accept the final results of the runoff, and remain open to working together in the next government. If the loser feeds a frenzy of public opposition, it could lay the groundwork for something like the civil war that tore the country apart and opened the door to Taliban rule in the 1990s.

This system of destruction on a planetary scale, facilitated by most of the ruling and corporate elites on the planet, is becoming (to bring into play another category not usually used in connection with climate change) the ultimate \crime against humanity\ and, in fact, against most living things.  It is becoming a \terracide.\
Hollywood projects our dreams and fears. In the past our cinematic apocalypses have reflected our obsessions with nuclear holocaust and environmental degradation. We're certainly still worried about those fates -- along with pandemics and zombies -- but gross inequality now competes for our attention.








Like it or not, the Obama Administration will have to confront the Russian information war sooner rather than later.  The question remains, how many countries will have fallen before President Obama realizes he is already losing the war?





Some lawmakers are beginning to wonder whether we need a complete overhaul of the way we pay for our transportation system. We don't. At least not yet.

On May 20, 2014, the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit upheld the CIA's refusal to turn over under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), part five, of the draft history of the flawed 1961 Bay of Pigs invasion of Cuba.

Guns will kill almost twice as many children as cancer. Gun violence costs our country an estimated $174 billion every year. Next year, for the first time, gun deaths will exceed traffic fatalities. It doesn't have to be this way.



The state's recidivism rate -- the percentage of individuals released from prison who are incarcerated again within three years -- was 61 percent last year.
Not since the horror of World War II has the planet seen a forced migration the size of the Syrian diaspora that began three years ago when seemingly innocuous government protests escalated into a bloody civil war.

Veterans are an example that patriotism isn't something you say or feel, it's something you do. What happened on the Hill last week and what will happen there in the coming weeks can turn out to be a very good thing, if we seize the moment.
According to a soon-to-be-published study conducted at the University of Washington, synthetic cannabinoids are the new drug of choice among military personnel looking for a buzz and attempting to evade regular tox-screenings.
There is a drastic need for federal legislation to legalize it on a national level and create some overall format for states to follow in their implementation.

While the U.S. government has vigorously protested his treatment, it has proven unwilling to make the diplomatic overtures -- like releasing the Cuban Five -- that could secure his release.
Barack Obama should use his powers as President of the United States and pardon the three Cubans that are still imprisoned. This will have the immediate effect of freeing Alan Gross and improving relations between Washington and Havana.
Wage theft is particularly prevalent among low-wage workers, such as those in the restaurant, retail, home health care and personal and repair services industries.  Misclassification touches more traditionally middle class industries, such as construction and trucking.
Americans have good reason to be disgusted with politics in Washington.  Both major political party organizations shamelessly pursue policies designed to generate the most money and power for the party in the short term.
No one said the \sausage-making\ of public policy is interesting to watch, but it is nonetheless a vitally important part of the legislative process.



Reflecting on the nearly 13 years that have passed since Congress voted for the AUMF, the warning bells that few were ringing now appear prescient. In addition to providing the president the authority to wage war against anyone, anywhere, at any time, the single sentence of the AUMF serves as the legal justification for some of the most troubling U.S. policies.

For nearly 35 years, David Suzuki has brought science into the homes of millions on the Canadian television series, The Nature of Things. He has become a godfather of the environmental movement, and in a poll of his fellow Canadians last fall he was named that country's most admired figure.
A specter is haunting Washington, an unnerving vision of a Sino-Russian alliance wedded to an expansive symbiosis of trade and commerce across much of the Eurasian land mass -- at the expense of the United States.






Probably one of the weirdest hashtags in use today is #guncontrolbullies, coined by Open Carry, a loose affiliation of state organizations, which holds protests around the country at which zealots parade around with loaded firearms in public places.
At the most recent conference this spring, Jonathan Knuckey (University of Central Florida) presented a particularly blunt characterization of citizens on both sides of the Mason-Dixon line.




This week, Karl Rove suggested that Hillary Clinton might have suffered brain damage in 2012 when she was hospitalized after a fall that left her with a concussion. \Please assure Dr. Rove she's 100 percent,\ said a Clinton spokesman. Though Rove was obviously warming up his throat for the aria of sleaze that is sure to be sung in 2016, his talk of a candidate's health will hopefully open a wider debate -- though not the one Rove wants.  Washington is a town fueled by burnout and overwork, and we now know from science the negative impact that approach to life has on decision-making -- which is clearly the main skill a president needs. No one seriously doubts Clinton's brilliance, but the kind of lives we lead govern whether we have access to our wisdom and best judgment. Rove's provocation aside, the public would be well-served if questions about how candidates plan to avoid burnout become a legitimate part of our political conversation.
In government, that strength is a function of money as well as laws, and government's income is taxes. If a company, or industry, disagrees with a regulation, it should be able to be heard; but they shouldn't be able to write the rules.
This complacency by governments who are cowed by big business and big finance means a cocktail of increasing inequality, joblessness and informality with little or no change in the volatility of the financial sector as serious financial regulation gets pushed into the medium term at best.




Many Americans -- many of them living in low-income communities and communities of color -- lack accessible transportation options that can make all the difference in their ability to meet basic needs, participate fully in community life, and connect and contribute to our national economy.

Americans face a genuine dilemma. If they are truly committed to equality of opportunity, then they will have to demand vigorous measures to reduce the drastic levels of inequality that now divide the nation.
Karl Rove successfully manipulated the entire news media this week. Rove's specialty is to take what could be considered a reasonable idea, and then twist it beyond recognition while dragging it through the swampiest mud he can dream up.

Looking 100 years down the road, I can see an Arab boy from Amman marrying an Israeli girl from Tel Aviv and taking a job and settling down in the suburbs of Damascus. What I mean is that I envision a region at peace with itself.
Many Americans believe that the top one percent is responsible for the rising tide of inequality in America, which is swamping and drowning the other 99 percent.  Professor Emmanuel Saez of the University of California at Berkeley says that they are wrong.





One cannot understand right-wing politics without realizing it is primarily a profit-making enterprise.  And, like other profit-maximizing organizations, it does whatever is necessary to drive its own profits.

Arguments about minimum wages tend to be about two things

Summer is fast approaching. Aside from vacations, warming sunshine of vitamin D and a full menu of out door smells, it is also time for blockbuster sequels to fill our viewing entertainment needs. Republicans are hoping their re-release \Benghazi Investigation #14\ will be a smashing success.
It is high time for all the states in this country and the federal government itself to outlaw capital punishment. There is no good reason to retain it, and there are compelling reasons to abolish it.

For years southern states have been treated as the step-children of the LGBT movement. Few national organizations invested any real money, compared to other parts of the country where wins were more predictable. Even gay folks said \we won't get equality til the whole country has equality.\
In Hillary Clinton's absence, Bill -- her husband, frequent proxy, and former head of the party -- appears to be waging a rhetorical war on populism.  If she doesn't share his anti-populist opinions, now would be a good time to say so.
With the publication of Glenn Greenwald's new book on Edward Snowden and the NSA, the state surveillance issue is back in full force -- as if it ever went away.
Acrimonious divorce may be making a comeback, thanks to the actions of enlightened state legislatures!

Instead of pretending these predispositions do not exist, the legal system needs to accept their existence and try to minimize them, or at least to work with them, in order to make it more likely that the truth will be ascertained and justice served.

If you accept one basic premise -- that wealth is finite -- then all the financial, economic and social upheaval in our country starts to make sense. There isn't enough to go around when one sector gets a lock-tight grip on the purse and the purse strings.
Any time somebody criticizes Israel, Bibi starts the lamentation that Israel's existence is being delegitimized, that anti-Semitism is rearing its ugly head again and that the Jewish people's continuity is being threatened.
Ahmed al-Jarba, the president of the Syrian National Coalition, and Brig. Gen. Abdul-Ilah al-Bashir, the top man of the opposition Supreme Military Council, are currently engaged in the most important foreign delegation of their lives.
These were not the dregs of society looking for a handout. These were working people, just\nlike me, who just needed some help. This was a shocking reminder of what\nhas become of the middle class.



My crisis management mantra about the truth is
Unfortunately, there is a dangerous and growing movement spawned by greedy welfare ranchers and motorized recreation industries to grab public treasure for their own gain.
Benghazi
What would happen if the most powerful technology company in the world and the largest clandestine spying agency in the world joined forces?
I am that still, small voice -- inside, at the back -- that says, \I can.\  And I've pushed my way to the front, because, even a dozen years after 9/11, \the day everything changed,\ I'm hearing, \I can't.\ What has happened to us?
There's a cost to this Colbert/Jezebel v. Limbaugh/Drudge boxing-match style of issue analysis
We may know we made the best decision for our families and our lives, but society shames us all year long, and then has a special holiday to remind us that we aren't perfect.
But it isn't entirely Piketty's arguments and analysis that have intimidated friend and foe alike. Instead, it's his uniquely French adherence to a deeply threatening sartorial affectation.
Greeks due to the collapse of their economy are still under lethal Troika's (IMF-ECB-EU) financial austerity measures which accelerated poverty, bankruptcies, massive unemployment and suicides. Surprisingly, their government announced the resumption of selling bonds to pile-up more debts.
Jews are certainly not the world's only scapegoats. It becomes a sickening reality that when political unrest occurs, the people who pay the highest price are the historical scapegoats of past conflicts.











This week, the House voted along party lines to open yet another Benghazi investigation -- adding to the 13 hearings and 50 briefings already completed. Democrats, who are considering boycotting the hearings, should instead hold alternate hearings on all the real and ongoing problems being ignored, like income inequality, gun deaths (approximately more than 40,000 since Benghazi), and climate change. On Tuesday, climate change was the subject of a very different kind of investigation. The National Climate Assessment -- an 800-page report from 300 scientists -- warned that climate change is already here. \The question,\ said one lead scientist, \is are we able to meet the challenges, given the growing understanding of how much the climate could change this century?\ Unfortunately, the answer for the GOP seems to be

The most important news of the week had nothing to do with celebrities behaving badly or who will occupy the White House after President Obama. The most important news this week is about the precarious fate of our species.





What troubled me most was that Kerry, after acknowledging that many Israelis have offered the same warning, apologized for using the word \apartheid\ saying that \it is a word best left out of the debate here at home.\ In other words, Israelis can have this debate, but we can't.

If the Republican Party wants to compete nationally, they'll have to make amends with Hispanics.  They can start this by dropping the words they love to use
There was a noticeable change this week. Republicans as a whole seem to be pivoting away from their stated singular campaign theme of \Obamacare is the root of all the country's problems.\
The Republican candidate, who as of today would make the November run-off, has turned to conspiracy theories and a defense of the Confederate flag to appeal to voters.


As an American citizen, I feel lucky to be able to voice my concern and write about the issues haunting me as a human being. One thing in the news of late is the continuing debate over the events that took place in Benghazi on September 11, 2012, in Libya.
There are uncomfortable parallels between Hitler's actions in Czechoslovakia and Putin's moves in the Crimea and Ukraine.


The GOP's Benghazi disease has metastasized into yet another committee in the Republican House of Inquisitions, seeking to waste taxpayer money in yet another failed effort to exploit the death of Americans and prosecute yet another witch hunt against Hillary Clinton.
A headline from a Capitol Hill newspaper declared that our current Congress could be the \worst ever.\ Another said negotiating political agreements is a \lost art.\  The whole country knows something is wrong with our government.  It's time it's shown how to fix it, at least the U.S. Senate.

And the Cold War itself -- this deep, unspoken commitment to mass suicide -- merely went on hold. And now it's back, with the two sides still in command of thousands and thousands of nuclear weapons.

The situation in Nigeria has focused us on the plight of these abducted girls, but were we blind before to this possibility? It always takes a current event to snap us out of our collective fog, to clear away the cobwebs of our own inaction and make us take notice. What can we do to help them and to make our Mother's Day mean a little more?




At the very least, you're supposed to make warm, grateful statements about the politician and let your real calculus remain in the corporate black box.




The American government does seem to have wisely ended its practice of routinely seeking to listen in on the cell phone calls of friendly leaders, including German Chancellor Angela Merkel. At their meeting in D.C., the two governments agreed to set up a working group. This bilateral group should consider a new approach to resolving this problem.
Given the stakes, it's time to lift the veil of secrecy. We need transparency, not a drawn curtain.
There is no need to sequester funds urgently needed by Main Street to pay for Wall Street's malfeasance. Californians can have their cake and eat it too - with a state-owned bank.
Instead of measuring \progress\ by increasing Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and all of the challenges that go with this strategy, why not financially reward those who increase our quality of life?


The country is at a critical juncture. America invented democracy. For more than a half a century, our democratic republic has been the envy and role model for much of the world. That is no longer the case for a variety of reasons.
Voters are searching for leaders who can bind us together, who can be trusted, and who offer hope of a promised land.
While giving a commencement address at Liberty University a week ago, Glenn Beck told the students that he not only had some personal thoughts to deliver, but also a message from God Himself.


The Supreme Court ruling is another giant leap toward theocracy. We are descending to new lows, where non-Christians are openly scorned, made to stand up in public to be identified as outcasts.



Until we have a full-proof justice system that treats everyone equally under the law, we cannot falsely believe that everyone executed is in fact guilty. The process itself is cruel and in one of the most modern countries on the planet, there is simply no place for it.

Israel's Independence Day is also Nakba Day. This is inescapable. The reality of Israeliness can't help but incorporate not only the Jewish story but the Palestinian story as well.
The pile-on by Republicans and the media on his foreign policy challenges is excessive. I mean, what would you have him do that is more sensible than what he's doing? Let's take the big issues one at a time. Russia
Erickson and Alter question Nader on his new book, Unstoppable, about how Left and Right can converge on NSA, banks, incarceration. Ralph argues that Corporatists vs. Conservatives divide the GOP. Also












Even the best political analysts don't contemplate is the Latino vote. Should the Democratic Party decide to actively campaign for Latino votes, as Reid did in 2010, a November \Latino Surprise\ will save the Democrats.
His racism got all the headlines, but there was something to be learned from\u00a0Donald Sterling's other words. It is worth considering his usefulness as a representative sample of\u00a0the oligarchical class.




This week, NBA commissioner Adam Silver brought the hammer down on Donald Sterling over the LA Clippers owner's leaked racist rant, banning him from the NBA for life and pledging to force Sterling to sell the team. It wasn't just the harshness of Sterling's racism that shocked, but also the casualness. The resulting media firestorm reignited questions about the way the league had long turned a blind eye on Sterling's even-more-outrageous history of housing discrimination based on race -- and why the LA chapter of the NAACP was nevertheless on the verge of honoring Sterling with a lifetime achievement award. Meanwhile, on Thursday the Obama administration released a list of 55 higher education institutions under investigation for not adequately handling allegations of sexual assault. The scrutiny and transparency are good first steps but real progress would mean greatly reducing the assaults themselves. As Dr. King said, \The best way to solve any problem is to remove its cause.\



Eric Cantor, in an attempt to stay in the good graces of his base, has abdicated all responsibility to govern and has towed the tea party line to avoid a tough primary or losing his No. 2 position in the House.


After reading and rereading the speech, \Why the Middle East Matters,\ I was struck by how similar it was to the \agitprop\ used by George W. Bush in the lead-up to the Iraq war.








Despite the heroic efforts to bring Israel and the Palestinians to agreement, the current peace process effort has failed. To understand what the future holds, it is worth looking at why the process failed and what courses of action are now available.
In the absence of big initiative battles or high-profile, big money candidates slugging it out, we are left with, what we are left with. Primarily, that's the question of which little known Republican will emerge from the open primary into the November run-off with Governor Jerry Brown.


I have encountered many unfamiliar things as a cultural anthropologist in Papua New Guinea (PNG), but none as unfamiliar as politicians urging people to vote for their opponents.
The course of American democracy may be decided on the first Saturday of November in the following college football games

The handshake could've paved the way to the mutual unclenching of fists. A courtesy that would lead to diplomacy. Shaking the tired old way of doing politics. But it seems neither side is ready for the next big step.
It is beyond me why the extreme right wing Republican power machine doesn't do a better job vetting the Cliven Bundys.
Americans agree economic inequality has grown, but don't agree on why.  That's according to a new Pew Research article that gives varying reasons.  A closer look into what those polled on the issue said reveals these are more excuses rather than reasons.
The Overland campaign was one of the most decisive campaigns in American history on the 150th anniversary.
I honor Vermont's lawmakers and their bravery in raising the bar on human health and the environment. I look forward to when other states will accomplish the same.

I felt an odd juxtaposition between the very impersonal way we talk about the White House as an institution ('Today, the White House demanded...') and the very recognizable humanity of the people who work there each day.



A visit to Jerusalem by everyone and anyone that can is a small first step in the direction of showing solidarity with the city and its Palestinian Arab heroes.
If I were a Democrat running for Congress in 2014 who supported the Affordable Care Act, known as \Obamacare,\ I would be running a campaign explaining why I am proud of my vote. And I would challenge my GOP opponent to answer five questions.
Our short history, which includes our own bloody civil war, hardly makes us qualified to settle a political, and even religious, quarrel between contentious cousins that has been going off and on again for over a thousand years.
Are you American, or American't? Wait, what?
Putin may think, like Shakespeare's Macbeth, that he is so far gone in imperial crimes that it would be as tiresome to go over as back. But in fact he has bet the farm on this adventure and given the West no choice but to insist that he take this risk.
The words that Kerry used are, in a way, an unhelpful distraction from the point he was trying to make

Warren knows from experience and writes with warmth that every day in America there are boys and girls asking moms and dads why the family car is gone, why the family home was taken away, why Mom or Dad has lost a job, and why so Americans live from paycheck to paycheck, desperately struggling to make ends meet.
The European Union is by its mere existence inherently an anomaly in modern Chinese political thought, which emphasizes state sovereignty and territorial integrity. Yet the transnational need for increased EU-China cooperation on cybercrime is more pressing than ever.
If the costs of disease grow so high that people go bankrupt, who gets stuck with the bills? We  all do. Either the taxes go up to pay for social programs, or we borrow, and put it on the tab and the national debt goes up.
What does health care reform have to do with the futures of primary care and psychiatry? A lot, and most of it is still under our collective radar screen.
On Monday the Supreme Court declined to consider Hedges v. Obama, a constitutional claim challenging a law that could enable the indefinite military detention of U.S. citizens -- within the U.S. -- without trial, charge, or evidence of crime. The decision is remarkable both for its implications for fundamental rights and for its reflection on judicial independence.
It appears that the West has lost the quality of moral indignation which it did express sometimes in the past to castigate egregious behavior in different parts of the world.

This was Colonel William Gale, a former top aide of General Douglas McArthur. Gale later became better known as the Reverend William Gale of the Christian Identity faith, which later moved to Hayden Lake, Idaho, and was run by a Gale protege, The Reverend Butler.

In the future, to contain a rapidly rising China, the United States would need Russia again -- and Russia would need the United States. That's why Russia's behavior in Crimea and eastern Ukraine, despite its unacceptability, will probably be forgotten rather quickly in Washington.



Republicans are shouting for war. Unlike our forefathers, they are not fighting for democracy and equal rights, but rather for a plutocracy.
Mayors around the world are coming up with new ways to tackle difficult challenges because mayors understand the needs of their communities -- and they are responsible for delivering results.

Our inattention to the educational needs of incarcerated school age youth is not new, however, and it is not limited to youth serving time in the juvenile justice system.
Many seem to have forgotten the volatile time we faced as a nation leading up to the strike on the consulate in Libya.

So it should be no surprise that Donald Sterling has likes to throw money around to nonprofit charities. What's troubling is why an organization like the NAACP, dedicated to eliminating racial injustice, should help Sterling whitewash his reputation.






This week, Mika Brzezinski and I hosted our second Third Metric conference. Last year, we had 300 people crammed into my living room. This year, we had over 2,000 people at the New York City Center -- all embracing the notion that success needs to be redefined beyond money and power. Over the two days of the event, we were collectively inspired, moved, encouraged and galvanized as we heard from neuroscientists, authors, singers, entrepreneurs, yoga instructors, CEOs, comedians and medical doctors. And we took away practical tools and tips to allow us to incorporate more well-being, wisdom, wonder and giving into our daily lives. We wanted the conference to serve as a bridge -- from knowing to doing, from idea to action. Thanks to everyone, onstage and off, who crossed that bridge with us -- and you can make the journey too by watching the video of the event here.




America's retirement crisis is as consequential as our healthcare crisis. We mustered the will to do the hard work of extending access to healthcare to all Americans. We must also meet a just and civilized standard for retirement, so that retirement is a time of security, not poverty.

The Shea's take America very seriously, as I suspect most military families do. When Stacy Shea talks of how great America really is, there's no doubt or missing the conviction in her voice.
One of the good things about academic associations is that they often invite students to participate in meaningful discussions about professional matters. Such was the case at last month's Citadel Symposium on Southern Politics in Charleston, SC.


The amendment, added with no warning, threatened to curtail efforts to pass the life-saving bill and is an ugly example of how politics often come before people. But after some political squabbling, the Senate passed the bill last month.

On a more general level, distrust weakens the emotions of empathy and caring so critical to the social fabric of any nation.
Putting aside all these displays of faux anger and misplaced regret, the Palestinians are right to celebrate. Reconciliation and national unity are not only good, in and of themselves, they are necessary if there is to be a lasting Israeli-Palestinian peace.
Over the past few weeks, drama has revolved not around the forest -- the willingness of Israelis or Palestinians to agree on refugees, security presence, borders, Jerusalem -- but on the trees.




Although unlikely to replace Russia as Europe's top natural gas provider, Qatar could assist in significantly decreasing the EU's reliance on Russian energy resources while at the same time obtaining greater diplomatic leverage over European governments.



While the shouting but, notably, not shooting continues in the Ukraine crisis, and the Middle East peace process collapses, President Barack Obama is in the middle of his four-nation Asia-Pacific tour. How's it going, amidst very predictable distractions from Russia and Israel? Fair to middling.
Rather than urge the state to funnel more children into an already overwhelmed foster care system, states should be encouraged to address the factors that are more directly related to adverse outcomes for children.
Take a fresh look at the labor movement. You could be organizers who make the case for union membership, or push for laws that help college students and working families.
Now that the rollout of the ACA has been proven a success (8 million sign ups), I think Democrats should seize the day and follow Representative Schwartz's bold example.

Peace is a two-way street. I don't think that Netanyahu has done nearly enough to push the process forward, but I support his stance on Hamas. No country can be expected to negotiate with an organization dedicated to its destruction.

After more than seven years of deadlock, the leaders of Fatah and Hamas seem comfortably set in their ways, for they have little to lose in the event that this latest attempt at reconciling falters.



Concerns of abuse are understandable, but the fundamental problem doesn't lie within the asylum system. Rather, the asylum loophole is an unintended consequence of severe restrictions that make it exceedingly difficult for lower-skilled immigrants to enter the country legally.

The Affordable Care Act demonstrates an affirmative, proactive step from government for women's access to reproductive health care, but conservatives are bent on moving backwards.

Of course, the National Review has every right under the First Amendment to say all of these things, and I would defend to the death, in Voltaire's words, its right to say them. But that does not make them any less offensive -- or ignorant of the law.
If Maui is a paradise, it is first and foremost because of its people, and I will always be eternally grateful for what Maui gave to my daughter, a much cherished childhood of racial acceptance, a childhood in paradise.

Stop taxing unemployment benefits. This is a regressive concept. Why should we be taxing the meager benefits of those Americans who are out of work? Give them a break. They're down on their luck. Why require them to pay taxes on benefits?
Ryan's comments last month reflect a political climate where Republicans not only do not meaningfully speak to African American citizens, but they tell themselves and their supporters stories about politics and economics that will ensure that they do not have to speak to African American voters in the future.

The longtime pattern of the U.S.-Iran relationship

When employers face higher labor prices, they have to cut costs. Labor often being the most expensive factor in production, companies will lay-off workers.
Loving the U.S. unconditionally is so pass\u00e9. Nowadays, people are all about using French words like \pass\u00e9\ and pointing out that the nation has a lot of improving to do.


The attention-seeking gaudiness of how some promote their God (and careers) speaks more to public relations than actual piety. Individuals who are truly at peace with their beliefs would be content to pray privately and without showy fanfare.
It takes a community working together to prepare for, respond to and recover effectively from the destructive forces of nature and other emergencies. Minority Health Month reminds us how important health equity is -- not just for minority communities but for our health and strength as a nation.

The outrage in some American, Jewish, and Israeli circles over the NIF's inclusion in the highly visible parade, formerly known as the Israel Day Parade, may be more than just a passing horn blast.



Dr. Victoria Sweet, who served as a physician for 20 years at San Francisco's Laguna Honda hospital, also found that \slow medicine\ allowed her to do her job best.
\Israel will gradually lift roadblocks, checkpoints and military closures throughout the West Bank.  We are extending the security and governance responsibilities of the Palestinian Authority to all of Area B and much of Area C. We will work with the Palestinian Authority to do so in a systematic manner....\
Instead of trying to mitigate any liability Massachusetts may face for botching the Pelletier case, the Governor and the State's child protection agencies should seize the opportunity to correct their mistake. Their failure to do so is making us all look bad.
Today, over 400,000 American Muslims constituents across the State of Florida are fighting a decisive battle against ignorance, intolerance and indifference in the Florida State Legislature. Sen. Hays has placed a special burden on our legislators to negotiate complex issues brought on by SB 864.


I don't know about you but I'm pretty tired of all the media ink devoted to the Koch brothers. They are either libertarian heroes standing for freedom from big government or ultra-conservative jerks trying to buy our democracy. But whatever you believe, America spends way too much time worrying about them.


Tthere is but one crime for which anyone in America's national security state can be held accountable in a court of law, and that's leaking information that might put those in it in a bad light or simply let the American public know something more about what its government is really doing.





This week began the way so many do




President Putin's ultimate ambitions are not known, though it is clear he is using the seizure of Crimea and threats against Ukraine in part to strengthen his position at home.  Russia's economy is struggling, and government is riddled with corruption and cronyism.


The \conservative\ justices on the Roberts Court are often passionately restrained in their interpretation of the Constitution in precisely the cases in which a more muscular form of judicial review is most appropriate -- those involving discrimination against African Americans, women, Hispanics, religious dissenters, gays and lesbians, persons accused of crime, and denial of the right to vote to minorities and the poor. In these cases, our contemporary \conservative\ justices often err on the side of upholding laws that even Philip Kurland would have found unconstitutional. This is, in my view, a sad state of affairs.
Residents of the American South are used to seeing their home region depicted in stereotyped derision. But how would most Southerners respond if they had an opportunity, in a reasonable conversation, to describe the South to outsiders?
Detaining individuals for months while they wait for a \reasonable fear\ determination is not only in violation of the immigration laws, but is also costing taxpayers millions of dollars.

The threat from the homegrown white supremacist movement in America is real. We shouldn't need yet another bloodbath to face that sobering reality, much as many on the political right would like to deny it.
I'm not talking about a little tweak here and there. I'm talking about throwing a massive metaphorical hand grenade into the entire system and starting over from scratch. We should be ashamed of ourselves for allowing the system to have morphed into what it has.
One essential question has received little attention
There is a quote attributed to multiple sources
Washington, DC and the right wing outrage machine are all abuzz that the IRS allegedly targeted groups based on their presumed political affiliation. Obviously, that was wrong to do, but let's not forget that there are two IRS scandals.
If it were up to Tom Cotton, Medicare would be doubly dead. All his sweet words are not going to provide a single medication, a single doctor's visit, a single surgical procedure or a single night in a nursing home for our nation's senior citizens.


This November, Democrats will have chance to reconnect with ethnic voters and win support from them while still courting other key groups. It is not an either-or proposition.




Apparently that's just the way they play politics in New Jersey. Screw your enemies and reward your friends. And that's exactly what I don't want to see in the White House, or in Congress or in any statehouse in the U.S. We had that with Nixon and look what happened.
The baiting and the assault on Obama will get even uglier. But it won't change one hard fact

I'm assuming you are aware of this issue, President Obama -- the fact that doctors are refusing to take your insurance. I'm assuming you get that this is not acceptable.

