We're onto you, little one. [H/T Reddit user brisbanetincture] While everyone was busy watching the bride and groom feed
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Sign up for our newsletter here. Credit
\Everyone was great and went with it because they are such a fun crowd,\ DeMar wrote in an email. \Guests were laughing and
Check out these inspirational photos to make your wedding dreams come true.
The other night I slept on a twin bed in the guest room of the house I share with my husband and our two kids. We have a
Today's fashion-forward brides expect something more from wedding dress designers than sweetheart necklines and lace, and
We couldn't agree more. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Sign up for our newsletter
1. Having the bride\u2019s family pay for everything. Weddings are really expensive \u2014 like, absurdly so \u2014 and for better or worse
So here's what I've learned about myself\u2026 I did not expect to learn so much about self-confidence when I started this whole
Weddings are joyful occasions, but they can also be stressful for guests who must make decisions on finances, shower and wedding gifts, time off from work and attire.
But it did come back to shore. While walking on the beach on April 6, Jenn Birchim reached down to pick up what she thought
Wedding videographers capture hours and hours of Big Day footage. Statistically speaking, there's no way that all of it is
Though it took place over a decade ago, I can still picture the bride being carried aloft on a cheap plastic chair, blindfolded
\[The other women] were angry. They were like, 'When I get out of here, I'm cutting up his clothes, I'm burning the car.' But
While flipping through any bridal magazine, it quickly becomes apparent that strapless and sweetheart necklines dominate
Almost as popular as the maid of honor or best man, the Tweetmaster or Tweeter of Honor is becoming a normal addition to bridal party lineups. This is a tech savvy person that can document your wedding from your perspective or just on your behalf.
It's easy to get lost in a sea of white, lace and tulle at bridal market -- the jam-packed, semi-annual week in which top
What would you do if you're wife were a crouton? How would I love her? Wouldn't be easy. But I have to find a way. Whether
Alright, we're going to say it
Well... let's hope it at least tastes good? A unique wedding cake designed by Clairella Cakes is causing quite the stir on
\The opportunity to create a visual and expressive experience of the clothes, as interpreted by my fashion vision, is a whole
More from The Knot
NOTE
By the Editors of TheKnot.com It doesn\u2019t get more classic than a wedding dress designed by Carolina Herrera. This season\u2019s
Oscar de la Renta\u2019s Spring 2015 collection was a lesson in classic elegance. Chantilly lace, silk organza and traditional
It's April, which means wedding season is upon us. If you already know that, not because you're a bride-to-be but because
We were beyond thrilled to see Beyonce go makeup-free during her wedding anniversary celebration in the Dominican Republic
Sometimes you love someone so much, it's hard to express it in words. Luckily, other people throughout the ages did have
At least that's what we expect from the fantastical world created by George R.R. Martin in \Game of Thones.\ And unlike the
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Sign up for our newsletter here. [h/t AdWeek
The plant, fortunately, is \zero-odor\ facility because all of the processing is contained. KIRO reporter David Ham confirmed
Quiz widget by Don't worry, we've got you covered. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest
Photo Credit
5. Don't forget that the way to the heart is through the stomach. 3. Create an intimate atmosphere. Even ordinary moments
Forget everything you know about wedding ceremonies, because this Irish priest just took things to a holy new level. Father
Whether it's something old, new, borrowed, or blue, for many brides, tradition is the foundation upon which the wedding of her dreams is built. No bride is the same and no culture celebrates the same traditions.
What happens when two San Francisco lawyers decide to tie the knot? Bambo + Janice Epic Wedding Trailer from Major Diamond
Designate a pot-smoking area. While brides and grooms should never feel the need to \u201cwarn\u201d guests about an activity that's
By Kellee Khalil for Lover.ly Some say it's wrong for anyone but the bride to wear white at a wedding, but we say -- toss
When I married my second husband--the love of my life--I did not want to change my name, so I kept Strauss. (Deep down I know he would love it if I changed my last name to his, though.)
Lying, sometimes even to oneself, being selfish, fearing being alone and stringing somebody along just to feel good about oneself is not acceptable. It is immature.
By Kellee Khalil for\u00a0Lover.ly Characterized by a loose fit and a just-above-the-knee hem, shift dresses are one of the most
Spring is here and you know what that means -- outdoor wedding season is in full swing! Many of our readers who tied the
The couple was in Boston to cheer on DiMartino's mom as she ran the marathon last April and were waiting at the finish line
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Sign up for our newsletter here. In anticipation
I'm your wedding planner, not your friend. Talk to me about your logistical wedding problems, call a bridesmaid about the rest of it.
Need to ask your parents for money or your 'maids to spring for a pricey frock? Here, \ask expert\ Laura Fredricks shows
It's not simply looking your best and plastering a smile across your face -- it's about making sure you are prepared and setting yourself up for an enjoyable experience.
For all the brides out there, who, like me, are having a hard time committing to a hairdo, here's some helpful advice from past Martha Stewart master hairstylist Anthony Sorensen who now works at Juut Salonspa in Edina, Minn.
\He moved the heavens and earth to make this happen and I'll move the heavens and earth to get him back to himself,\ Kaufman
Where, might you ask, can you make this wedding fantasy a reality? At the Sheraton Fort Lauderdale Beach Hotel, naturally
And of course some \Star Wars\ threads for authenticity
While the big day is definitely something you want to remember, a true feminist wedding is when the partners know it's really about their marriage.
By Simone Hill for TheKnot.com Just because you're planning a wedding doesn't mean you can't have a little fun with it. (Not
Now, we've seen some amazing wedding dance videos before
We're particularly fond of the second photo, which you can check out below
If someone believes strongly in a certain practice against all odds, that does say something about their character.
Last Wednesday, after they stood in her West Roxbury living room and told Kristen Walsh that her husband, Boston Fire Lieutenant
Run-of-the-mill engagement photos with couples posing prom-style can be a little...uninspired. But when a couple intentionally
My father-in-law is old school, so moving in was a big deal. People will say all the time, \They don't make people like Melvin
Three years later, the fervent interest continues with the couple who will one day be King and Queen.
Use faux-fur of course!
After all these years of writing about weddings though, I recently went to my first Chicago City Hall wedding. This is what I learned
There is nothing that has the same place in our hearts as a wedding. Weddings restore our hope and our belief in love. A wedding is seen as love's symbol of success.
Despite the strict budget, our wedding was an extravaganza to say the least. Yet, there was one crucial detail that was completely left out -- we didn't have a wedding video.
\They want to get his story out, to let people know Jim and to feel a part of his family,\ Villatoro told HuffPost. \There
Luckily, the company who helped Luke plan his daredevil proposal -- Southern Skydivers -- captured the whole thing on video
According to a blog entry, Loveless spent about a year in Iceland in part to work on a coffee table photojournal called \A
In honor of Major League Baseball\u2019s Opening Day on Monday, the folks over at Swimmingly figured out just how much it costs
Grace Kelly and Prince Rainier III of Monaco, 1956 Barack and Michelle Obama, 1992 Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, 1947
There's a lot of wedding advice floating around the Internet. Problem is, a lot of it is useless fluff dreamed up by a) relatively
After all, I was a legit rock star wife, on the E! Channels show \Married To Rock\ so here is what I've got for some rockin' cool hints for you.
Let's be honest. Most of us are more likely to upgrade the operating system on our iPhone than to revise the vows that we made at our wedding.
The next paragraph is directly quoted from the Weddings in Vieques \Official Guidebook\ and I thought about it when I got
By Jamie Miles for TheKnot.com Each year TheKnot.com surveys nearly 13,000 brides that have gotten married in the last year
By Kellee Khalil for Lover.ly Lover.ly -- search, save, shop and share wedding ideas in one place. More from Lover.ly The
Wedding dress cost
From Captain America to Spider-Man to X-Men, this summer is jam-packed with superhero movies. Here are some of our favorite
Yes, planning a bridal shower is a labor of love \u2014\u00a0but remember your guest of honor will cherish this rare opportunity to
Not all \my parents are divorced\ stories are tragic. But then there are the other stories -- stories of unhealed hurt and bitterness that propel people into saying and doing things that are astounding.
Lover.ly -- search, save, shop and share wedding ideas in one place. More from Lover.ly What to expect from your first bridal
(Martha Stewart Weddings) -- Weddings are a glorious celebration of the union of two souls where were blessed enough to find
In America today, the average age of women embarking on their first marriage is 26 to 27, \old maid\ territory just decades ago. That makes it all the more fascinating to reflect on women throughout history who defied the expectations of their times and cultures by not making it legal until their 30s or older.
Loving another human being takes on a new dimension when we stop practicing \reactive love\ and challenge ourselves to evaluate what depth of love we do and don't have to give.
We can't help but laugh at this silly \holiday,\ but March 28 is Something On A Stick Day -- and it has wedding inspiration
By Bridget Clegg for TheKnot.com Your wedding day is a celebration with loved ones, so it's only natural to want to include
Well, actually it was New Hampshire and the warriors were bride and groom Jen and Nick, who made their ultimate fantasy come
Grubbs -- whose husband is a specialist for premature babies -- founded the program in 2013 to help families grieving the
Brides, if you want to rock a sassy pair of designer stilettos on your Big Day, who are we to stop you? After all, it might
I am JUST the wedding planner. That means I help brides and grooms choose venues, vendors and arrange logistics. The bride (and sometimes groom) choose the colors, the theme and the general spirit of the d\u00e9cor.
3. Indulge yourself. Try a new hairstyle and spruce up your wardrobe. Get a massage or invest in some personal training sessions. All of the parts of the puzzle will begin to come together.
It's pretty common knowledge that the honeymoon phase doesn't last forever. At some point, the butterflies disappear, the
While planning a wedding is definitely a woman's world, I do believe most brides want their groom to enjoy the day and feel a part of the decision-making.
Speaking of his lucky lady, Coster-Waldau married Nukaaka Coster-Waldau -- a former Miss Greenland -- back in 1998, and the
It took more than a year of wedding planning, but it finally happened
1. Act in the moment and embrace the unexpected. Spontaneity can go a very, very long way. 5. Don't run at the first sign
I recently married two brides who decided to walk together, hand in hand, one equal to the other. It was beautiful and meaningful to both families.
The Pew Research Center reports that the marriage rate has plummeted. Today, just 26% of Millennials (born after 1982) are
Eighty-year-old Billy Grimes and 79-year-old Dolly Grimes married in 1955 (photo below) and had eight children together within
For example, Jason covered me from head to toe with a sheet one night while I was sleeping. When I woke up, he explained
Custom Cushion & Half Moon 3 Stone Ring From Josh Levkoff via Lover.ly Photo by
As you think about how to create a life filled with stable, long-term intimacy, remember that the most important thing in
Don't let your bridal party behave like teenage slobs in your honeymoon suite on your wedding night, or you'll have memories you really didn't want.
Spring has officially sprung! And though it still feels like winter in many parts of the country, our readers' love is already
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Lover.ly -- search, save, shop and share wedding
More from The Stir
By Kristen Klein for Bridal Guide Your main focus on your wedding day will (rightfully so) be your spouse-to-be, but don't
Ok, so here are some things I'd do differently. Joan and Peter [names have been changed]
Your wedding day is quickly approaching but you may be bursting to share even more exciting news -- you're expecting!
There\u2019s a reason Las Vegas is the wedding capital of the world
Photo
\Today\ show co-anchor Savannah Guthrie is an inspiration to busy brides everywhere. The couple -- who dated for four years
You've flipped through the magazines, you've set up wedding boards on Pinterest -- and you've maybe even watched a wedding
This was our chance to explore, share new experiences, and celebrate our life together so we quit our jobs, rented out our house, and set out on HoneyTrek
When you are planning your own wedding (and likely even if you're not) it has to be done and done well. Don't be scared -- with these three fool-proof tips, you can do it!
There may now be hard science behind the notion that true love can last a lifetime. A neurological study from Stony Brook University revealed that couples who experience \romantic love\ long-term can keep their brains firing similarly to the brains of couples who have just fallen in love.
In fact, I've heard it all
The couple wed on Sunday at a church in South Molton, England, but their love story began nine years ago when 91-year-old
Edward Pentin -- a reporter for the news agency ZENIT -- tweeted out the photo. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings
March 20 is National Proposal Day (yep, that's a real thing) and the first day of spring. In other words, love is very much
The proposal is going to make for a magical story that she'll be telling everyone for the rest of your lives. It's the moment those months of meticulous repins and reblogs change from fantasizing about the wedding to actually planning it openly.
I ask you, does a photo faking you're being whisked away by a balloon genuinely depict who you are and your emotions?
I have loved being engaged. I still love it. But I have come to realize that this period of my life is just that, a moment. At my core, I am not a fianc\u00e9e.
An unexpected guest who shows up at a wedding sans invitation is a major inconvenience and overall pain in the butt. But
And today was no exception, as Becker officiated the couple's 74th wedding on HuffPost Live. Watch the rest of Rachel and
And no, this isn't a one-off; after some intense Internet digging we quickly discovered that it's actually kind of a thing
Well done Van Veen. Well done. Sometimes brides-to-be get so caught up in wedding planning that they forget to have fun being
The rules of wedding etiquette are constantly changing, making it difficult for modern brides, grooms and guests to find
A little bit of honey goes a long way...
Photo by
20. You have your spouse's social security number memorized, but when asked about your own... 25. And while some days, it
Money. It has been cited time and again in studies and by experts as a big source of marital conflict and divorce\u2014even in
It will be easy to take the romance to another level if your accommodations feature invigorating extras like a plunge pool, clawfoot bathtub, or Jacuzzi. Draw a bath, add some rose petals, and then pop open a bottle of your favorite champagne.
Give some thought to the shower you want. There are so many options and so many variables. Think about what would best suit you, including your level of participation and whether or not you want it to be a surprise.
Put a sash on it
A Sign You Shouldn't Sign We polled a handful of award-winning wedding professionals and they were all appalled to hear of
Stunning aisles
By Naima DiFranco for Bridal Guide From delicate Chantilly to bold Alen\u00e7on, lace has been the fabric of choice on the bridal
Photo by
More from Lover.ly
You do not have to love hanging out with your future mother in law, and it's also okay to think your future sister in law is a piece of trash. But you should make the decision YOURSELF as to whether you love your fianc\u00e9 enough to tolerate the baggage.
Clearly, weddings changed a lot over the course of the twentieth century. But you don't realize just how much until you crack
Watch the video above for more of Paul's words of wisdom. \If she's nice, that's the top quality,\ he said. \Because if she
Sometimes, after meeting a friend\u2019s significant other, someone will observe that the man or woman in question is \u201cthe marrying
According to Whisper, a free mobile app that allows users to share secrets anonymously, there are a lot of single men out
Jacques Bastien is the founder of social media agency, Boogie. He's also one of most persistent marriage proposers ever. Before
Yes, some kisses were ravishing. Some were tentative. Some were electric. Some weren't quite smooth. But if the cameras had
The Summer Weddings issue of New York Magazine is on newsstands March 18. Then, on March 27, the magazine's New York Weddings
It is easy to be influenced by a professional, but this is your very special day, so make sure your requests are heard. Get what you want. But, to do so, you'll need to know what you want -- and that means you need to do your homework.
Maybe I'll never see her again. Maybe this is just a fun little story about a chance encounter. I kind of hope that's not the case because I would love to see that smile again, but this is life after all, and whom among us knows how any of our stories will actually end.
JRL
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. According to a working paper from the National
Fortunately, there's a happy ending to this story. Cameron Scheuplein -- Christina\u2019s uncle and De Santiago's best man -- set
Newlyweds looking to build a lasting foundation, take note
Carolina Herrera and Vera Wang were two of the fashionistas who led the way for other fashion designers to enter what had been a staid, locked-in-the past, formula-driven business.
Are we starting in debt? Discovering that your spouse has debt that's been kept a secret is the equivalent of a nuclear bomb
Delta spokeswoman Lindsay McDuff confirmed on Monday that a \disruptive customer\ prompted the crew of flight 901 to divert
\Sergio and Becky were married at Our Lady of Peace.\ // Credit
You can submit your wedding etiquette questions via Facebook or tweet them to us @HuffPostWedding with the hashtag #MannersMondays
Over time, you will begin to see many new ways to turn your little wedding altar into a haven of images and symbols that begin to spell out the wedding you want to experience.
Committing your life to another person, until death do you part, is not always the happily ever after that you might see in fairy-tales and romance stories. After being married just shy of two years, I am coming to terms with the fact that I don't love my wife.
Don't let the stress of wedding planning ruin the fun of being engaged. Try to be your normal selves and bask in the glow of the shiny diamond. And remember to keep your nails pretty.
Dogs and cats are not the only furbabies that capture the apple of their owner's eye.
Tell us
More from Bridal Guide
Weddings can induce some crazy behavior. Emotions are high, families are thrown together, and everyone must conform to a
Pankaj continued, \You're always going to have people, when you do something that sticks out, that are not going to be fans
You don't have to wear a dress made out of oats or offer a cake made out of raw sprouts.
As Carly read on, she soon discovered that Adam had planned every last detail, including picking a wedding dress, booking
And it's happening sooner than you think. The mass retailer will be selling its first wedding gown for just $99 (did you
1. Don't go into a relationship assuming and having the desire to change the other person. I want to be drunk in love. There
How are the happiest couples different from other couples? What do they do first thing in the morning that other couples
Do these stats ring true for your wedding experience? Let us know in the comments below. A new survey from Paper Shaker -- a
This is one girl's real-life tale of always a bridesmaid, never a bride.\u00a0I am just three dresses shy from being Katherine
But according to Gizzi, times are changing. \Now more than ever there's a lot more gender equality in relationships ... where
What does this mean in the grand scheme of things for you? It means, as brides and grooms, you need to get organized BEFORE you get on the phone or walk into the office to start your planning. This is your money you're burning, after all.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Storms in Ohio delayed Legend's family members
via Redditor pajamas1 Because honesty is the best policy. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter
I hope everyone found my wedding guest list tips helpful. Today I am sharing another wedding planning post about one of my
Your capacity for love defines you as a human being, fills up your soul with passion and teaches you about your hang ups, limitations, calling in life and the joy you have to offer others. Where does this power called love come from?
If you really want to be a wedding planner, there are six million opportunities out there for you. You have to show the initiative to go out and get them.
The 24-year-old's healthy attitude is apparent in her Brides spread as well; Panettiere is seen smiling from ear-to-ear, practically
Credit
When you know, you know.
Check out more of this week's Real Weddings photos in the slideshow below
Even Beyonc\u00e9 and Jay-Z gave it a try.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Check out the bridal-inspired Oscar dresses
What makes a marriage is the discipline to do the work it takes to make a marriage successful. These seven steps are what sustain a marriage AND make it something special.
Of course, becoming a \Mrs.\ doesn't mean you will abandon your independence completely. You will still be an individual, with your own career, interests and relationships. But in your new role as a partner in marriage, your husband's needs and desires will factor into almost everything you do.
What are your tips and tricks for choosing your wedding menu and serving style? 1. It's less expensive. Similar to buffets
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. We've compiled a list of our favorite someecards
At the end of a long day, pamper each other with foot and hand massages while you\u2019re watching your favorite TV shows on the
(CNN) -- You're engaged! Congratulations! Here's how not to go broke, and still show your guests a fantastic time. Rank your
They suggest that caregivers and medical professionals pay attention to the sexual frequency of the older adults they care
Unlike items on our most common to-do list \u2014 buy milk, pay bills, etc \u2014 it's easy to defer our relationship bucket list (and
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. February 23 was a big day for Brandi and James
YourTango
They've been with you through thick and thin and now you're ready to make it official -- with your bridesmaids that is!
The idea to turn her passion of makeup into a business came in 2006 around the time of a major life event. \I was planning my 2007 wedding and contemplating whether to do my wedding makeup myself,\ said Essien.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. \She didn't realize it was right over her
It\u2019s a story you\u2019ll be repeating for the rest of your life. Not only that, your friends and family will likely demand to
Photo by:\u00a0Lucky Pictures\u00a0on Bridal Guide via Lover.ly By Kellee Khalil for Lover.ly More from Lover.ly Why an engagement
Remember folks -- the bachelor and bachelorette party are supposed to be celebrations of the upcoming marriage, not a kickoff to the demise of what was previously a healthy, happy relationship.
First, a word on the word 'required.' It often implies 'I don\u2019t want to, but I guess I have to.' While there is no etiquette
The final photo
By Kellee Khalil for Lover.ly Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Photo by:\u00a0Jeremiah
How often will we spend time with our friends? Will we keep our regular Friday night happy hour plans with them or adjust
There's a batch of recently-launched websites and companies that you'll want to check out to help you plan, style and save you money as you plan your wedding.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. A camera was stolen from Dave Lacey's home
Ben Wyatt and Leslie Knope of 'Parks and Recreation' Gif credit
WP
Yes, I admit it, I've been dreaming about my ex. Typically, the scenario involves a wedding in which I'm marrying him, not my fianc\u00e9.
Argue Naked If It Helps \A huge number of couples talked about how they didn't fight against each other. I mean, if you're
Dare we say we actually enjoyed it, too? In a video posted to YouTube last week, Derek Cooley, his wife Michelle and the
\Like every aspect of the wedding planning?\ DeGeneres asked. \I\u2019m doing wine tastings. He is -- secretly this is like his
If you traded places and numbers weren't an issue, would you have expected to be in this bridal party?
What message are you sending to your guests with an online wedding invitation?
By Kristen Klein for Bridal Guide More from Bridal Guide
2. Coming to terms with the fact that sometimes you won't understand everything that's happening. All images Getty unless
For more on this couple's moving love story, watch the video above. And Ed made good on that promise throughout their 60
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. At least they can agree who the \fartsy\ spouse
The problem is that even when it comes to planning a happy occasion like a wedding, it can be very difficult to take feelings and treat them like inanimate objects -- you can't just put them in a drawer or lock them away for a period of time.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Check out more hilarious last-name fails in
Now as more states and countries legalize same-sex marriage, the nature of weddings expands --but no one is immune to having a wedding ceremony that leaves people cold.
Hardy and horny, these rocking grannies I uncovered from California to Maine are not knitting in their rockers. \We are free, no kids around, we are retired. We can have sex whenever and wherever we want,\ said Lorraine, 72.
We love a good dog wedding -- who doesn't? -- but what made Taffy and Bear's \puptials\ on Saturday even better was that
Submitted by Kristal Rayburn // Credit
Photo by
19. Take care of yourself, too. Being compassionate doesn't mean putting your needs aside. 7. No emotion required
First look photos memorialize the excitement, awe and love between a couple just before the wedding ceremony starts. They also give brides and grooms a private moment to work through their happy tears before standing at the altar!
Photo by
2. Put a \15-minute warning\ into your contract with the photographer. 5. To find photographers and videographers, contact
Ummugul and Fikri Tatlici | 62 years \Do not hold grudges. Forget, forgive and remember how you fell in love in the first
No, we're not getting a divorce and no, we're not separating. Truth be told, the practice of \letting go\ has actually brought us closer together. But in order to understand what I mean by \letting go,\ you must first understand that Kim and I are two very different people.
The fact is, relationships are a table for two. And if you want to luxuriate at the table with your partner, rather than one (or both) of you wanting to sneak out a window, hail a cab and be outta there, make sure that your language is the connected kind.
The funny thing about weddings is that brides, grooms and families want them to be \perfect.\ They tell DJ's not to play certain songs and they also beg family members not to embarrass themselves. They want the food to come out perfectly and everything to go as planned. It is a once in a lifetime opportunity. It is the moment most people dream about.
Portuguese (ech lee-beh dech) German (wuo ai ni) Hindi (zh tem) On a day like today, \I love yous\ abound. But why stick
Most would prefer their most embarrassing or painful moments be private. With the rise of viral videos, however, your once private moments may no longer be so private
\He always finds a way to make me laugh.\ - @SelinaWest Submitted by @meeshobamamama \My hubs is my best friend. In a word
Check out all the great Lego-inspired wedding ideas in the slideshow below. With \The Lego Movie\ out in theaters (and a
\What are those muscles made of?\ Jon wanted to know. A Superman who can't fly? Has fake kryptonite muscles? Doesn't dare
I didn't want him to go, missing him and needing his presence here -- with me, with our babies -- trumped everything else. But this time things were different; we're different, and so is our marriage.
But one brave husband decided to turn the honest truth into LOL-worthy Valentine's Day cards, and we couldn't be happier
Valentine's Day is fast approaching and love is in the air. The U.S. Department of the Interior is celebrating the sweethearts
Karli Cadel Photography Photo
Wearing something akin to a sack will not make you look \better\. While you want to avoid dresses that are too tight (this applies to anyone of any size), dresses that show off your curves actually make you look slimmer and sexier.
The \Red Wedding\ was without a doubt the most shocking scene in \Game of Thrones\ history, so it's about time someone made
Valentine's Day is almost here.  Hearts and flowers are everywhere.  But what if you and your loved one have drifted apart?  What if you're not all that keen on your Valentine right now.  It could be that your marriage is leaking.
We think there are millions of couples all over the United States secretly and not so secretly craving more romance, and while we can't order a quick long-term fix, we can offer a short-term one
Arianna -- whose vocal chops are Disney-princess-level amazing -- told Bouquet Catcher earlier this month that she knew Ryan
Valentine's Day is the relationship equivalent of standing in a fluorescent-lit dressing room trying on swimsuits
None of those are bad reasons but they are all things that a couple in a happy relationship should already be doing on a somewhat regular basis, and not just because the calendar and Hallmark told them to.
Though Seeley is best known for his musical contributions to the High School Musical franchise, his five tips aren't for teenagers -- they're for men who want to make the moment count.
What photographs will do and can do for a person's soul can't be found when you're looking only at the mere logistics of it. What makes it worth having needs to be something you can't help but notice as soon as you first walk in.
Not that you needed a reason to do this, but petting a dog (especially if you\u2019re already a dog lover) raises levels of the
I had decades of research at my fingertips to help my spouse and me figure out what it really means to be a good spouse. Why not harness those resources for our wedding?
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Source
Scientists spend a lot of time figuring out what makes people happy, especially when it comes to love and relationships. Thanks
40 Vintage Wedding Ring Details That Are Utterly To Die For. Obsessed. They sure don\u2019t make them like they used to. Read
In the hierarchy of viral videos, marriage proposals are a sweet, mushy breed unto themselves. Successful viral videos \u2014 the
Gabby died Friday -- less than a week after the wedding. The couple worked with hospital staff to make arrangements for the
Just because you found the one, does not mean that the courtship phase of your relationship is over. To that end, here is a top ten list of ways that the matrimonial set can make the most of their Valentine's Day:
I can confirm the temperature because I have known the extremes
Many people travel the world to live in Buenos Aires to dance tango and they dance four or five nights in a week. More is
The rules of wedding etiquette are constantly changing, making it difficult for modern brides, grooms and guests to find
So many couples screw up the biggest romantic holiday of the year. And then they feel bitter about it. Let's avoid that this year!
I'm faced again with whether I'm sick, whether I'll live longer and all that good stuff. But mostly, I'm worried about those I love and what I hope and pray I'll leave my wife in terms of memories. And how she'll move on.
Remember what they told you in school about standardized tests? Your first instinct is usually correct. If you're unsure, don't mess with it. When it doubt, pick \C.\ Same rules go for wedding planning.
After that, the changes happened almost over night. My eye, a victim of optic neuritis, went dark and blind. My body, strong
Curtsy From Love Yu via Lover.ly Strapless Tulle Tea Length Wedding Gown From David's Bridal via Lover.ly By Kellee Khalil
Courtesy of Bridal Guide 9. Your wedding will naturally stand out. The entire wedding, from ceremony to reception, is guaranteed
How do you make your wedding different from all the others? To help you out, we've asked expert wedding vendors for their advice on how to make your wedding truly unique.
I know I'm not the only bride who's ever had to deal with contemptuous in-laws and my story isn't even the worst in the bunch
Married couples know the \for better or for worse\ vow well, but what about the often boring in between times? Waiting for tense or lackluster phases of a marriage to just pass is one tactic but can lead to permanent indifference or unhappiness. Couples can also choose to take the reins and recharge their marriages with some work.
Lena Dunham has found her dream engagement ring. And as you may have expected, her pick is anything but ordinary. The \Girls
2) Kiss first thing in the morning before you even get out of bed. There's no better way to start the day! 12) Write a cute
Demystifying the process isn't that complicated. People are afraid of a \no\ -- so how can you be sure of a yes? Here are three simple steps to getting your nearest and dearest to accept your proposal.
(Story continues after the photo.) Michael and Olympia DeNittis at the first birthday of their granddaughter AnnMarie in
Posen said that he envisions the Truly Zac Posen bride-to-be as \feminine, confident, and sophisticated.\ Posen tells The
We're just glad that Barham's feelings weren't actually hurt. And we'd like to publicly thank him for making the awkward
Bella and Jacob the Werewolf from \u201cTwilight\u201d Joey and Dawson from \u201cDawson\u2019s Creek\u201d Andie and Duckie from \u201cPretty In Pink
Groomzilla's on the attack! Run for the hills! When you open up a wedding album, you are bound to find at least a few corny
There are lots of other ways to acknowledge those who aren't with you on your wedding day without dressing out a whole team at your ceremony. First, there is a right way to do it, and then there is a wrong way to do it.
We make it a must to hug every day. We don't believe in having a perfect life, but rather perfect moments. We're not a sitcom.
Lauren Conrad and her fianc\u00e9 William Tell are a picture-perfect couple (look no further than here, here and here if you don't
[All photos courtesy of the couples except where noted.] Melissa Papasidero and Rick Mianulli | Weehawken, N.J. Melissa Papasidero
Wedding planning together, with or without a wedding planner, is a challenge. I think of it as a little pre-marital joke God is making. As in, get over yourselves -- it's a ceremony and party and certainly nothing worth screaming and yelling at each other about.
Anna Post -- great-great-granddaughter of etiquette guru Emily Post and author of Emily Post's Wedding Etiquette -- is here
Whether you believe that the heart in your body is the seat of your soul or just the red organ you need to survive, it's clear that this cardio powerhouse has taken on metaphorical meaning, as well as having its very own iconographic, ubiquitous symbol.
While avoiding paparazzi is a great reason to have an \ambush wedding,\ there are equally great reasons for non-celebrities to surprise their friends.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. When Stern asked if he was invited to the
\The 25th anniversary of Lettie and Marcellus Cephas\ // Credit
She didn't help her up. She didn't fluff the train. She didn't offer her any accessory options. Need I say more?
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. By Stefania Sainato for Bridal Guide More
This couple really knows how to stick to a theme! I guess it's easy when you're both die-hard football fans. Everything from the boutonnieres to the cake toppers were inspired by this couple's shared love of the game.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. How do we know? More than a third of people
A great meal brings people together, and your wedding meal has the ability to do the same. From foods that remind you of
I start by saying something silly, my normal approach to \helping\ my wife. The opening salvo launched to combat her frustrations and unhappiness. I'm usually pretty deft at this dance, but this time she just looked at me and said, \Stop trying to fix me and LISTEN.\ She didn't say it angrily, she just said it matter-of-factly.
Here's a little exercise for clearing the air if you ever find yourself annoyed with each other, unloving toward each other, or stuck in a wedding planning rut.
Income inequality in 2005 was calculated to be 0.43 -- a higher level of inequality. This time, when economists applied random
More from The Knot
\It's my family \u2013- my wife and twins,\ Manning told People magazine on Tuesday. The Mannings, however, remain private about
But his adoration for Juvonen didn't end there. When Fallon asked himself when he's happiest, time with his family was at
Photo by
Sometimes brides and grooms want to do the strangest things for unusual reasons, and it's my job to make it happen. But a 30-year-old ring bearer, or an overgrown 12-year-old girl in a tutu tossing petals isn't always a good idea, despite your best intentions.
In a smidge less than four months, I'll be a married lady.  So far, in the past year of planning my spring wedding, I've learned more than just what kind of flowers and colors I do or don't like -- I've learned a few things about myself along the way too.
A good Samaritan helped a grieving family outside of Des Moines, Iowa by returning a wedding band that went missing one day
A while ago, eHarmony came out with an article entitled 15 Reasons to Date a Farmer. I was literally laughing out loud. The article was extremely stereotypical. So I figured I'd amend the article a little bit, make it a little more real rather than fantasy land like eHarmony has it sound.
\It\u2019s unlikely that you\u2019d say anything hurtful, though it\u2019s really thoughtful to think about your fianc\u00e9\u2019s feelings. First
Watch the video above for more on this high tech trend. Then, let us know in the comments
Four years later, Van Vliet was ready to propose and knew just the person to help him do it
Hiring a qualified wedding planner can save you hours of stress and anxiety by taking the guesswork out of planning your perfect day.
You are celebrating the commitment to love each other for the rest of your lives. What will make your ceremony meaningful, memorable and an occasion that will live on in the years ahead?
\From my traditional Indian wedding.\ - Juhi Mehta // Credit
Why it's annoying
Wedding crashers are generally not a welcome sight to brides and grooms -- but if it's DMX who's crashing the nuptials, amazing
Like the fashion world, the wedding industry loves its trends. But should we?
As wedding tradition has it, the person who catches the bouquet is the next to get married. The bouquet catch comes amid
It's time to sparkle and shine! Weddings are a time for glam, so why not add some shimmer to your special day? As one of the hottest trends in weddings right now, glitter is a fun way to accessorize and glamorize!
Marriage is a different kind of work -- a kind of work that happens ALONGSIDE the regular life work of your job, caring for your family, making ends meet, and so on.
There's so much to do! But don't jump into doing any of it just yet. You'll have plenty of time to write checklists and contact vendors -- but you can't get back the first few dreamy, floating-in-the-clouds days after you've just gotten engaged.
You can have just about any kind of dessert at your bridal shower, but a cake is a fun and pretty way to top off the party. And it's a chance for you to get as creative as you like. Here are a few of our favorite bridal shower cake designs!
I thought; this is marriage. One day you're shopping for shoes at the outlets and just a few weeks later, the new shoes your husband reluctantly bought for himself will sit, discarded, in a room down the hall while someone else breathes for him.
8) Laugh together. \I try to get my wife to laugh every morning before we get out of bed, even if she is laughing at me, at
\Tonight I have never been more confident in any decision that I have ever made.\ I think it is normal for most people to
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Mittens, sweaters, puffy jackets and thermal
I heard you had a smidge of trouble interpreting the 35-page PowerPoint presentation of my wedding table vision that I overnighted to you. Personally, I'm confused by your confusion, but I'm guessing it had something to do with my Louis XIV-meets-great-plains-of-Nebraska table theme?
There is more than meets the eye with a destination wedding, from family dynamics to traveling during stormy weather.
\A year ago today, my favourite person had a brain hemorrhage,\ she wrote. \Following a subdural hematoma, three angiograms
The result? A fianc\u00e9e. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. This is not the first
How about loving your mate \just because?\ May sound simplistic but what if we spent time focusing on our lover for who she is? Who he is? And then love them just because of who they are?
Here are some of my favorite (REAL) lines from hundreds of consultations. And let me just add that for every bridezilla, there were probably 10 delightful brides, something that those in the industry know very well.
Distrusted, disengaged, lonely -- it is what you would expect from a society increasingly going it alone.
Banning cell phones from your wedding is obnoxious -- Who are you? Kimye? -- and it's probably not going to happen if you have, say, celebrity-weddings bloggers or doctors or parents on your guest list.
One of those shared interests was traveling. In retirement, the couple moved from Illinois to Oregon, purchased a motor home
While your bridesmaids are going to be there for you, that doesn't mean you should abuse your bridal power! No one likes a bridezilla, but as some of you past brides must know, sometimes walking the line between bride and friend is tricky.
Ralph Waldo Emerson brilliantly said, \Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting some on yourself.\ We live in an individualistic society, one that tells us \me first\ is what is most important.  In marriage, that can't be further from the truth.
Pledging to spend your life with someone is a huge deal; don\u2019t let the seating chart and thank-you notes stress you out. Read
Fast forward to five months later when Deven came home from work one night and casually suggested that the pair get married
The Morrises -- who share a deep love of pizza -- reached out to Domino's with their special request. \We order Domino\u2019s
Are you in danger of going overboard on the attention-grabbing front, demanding more, more, more from friends and bridesmaids
Having endured too many viewings of hours-long wedding videos, Christine Fennessy didn\u2019t once consider hiring a videographer
Something tells us this couple's wedding is going to be killer. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter
1. What are your current money beliefs? For example, do you believe money is easy or hard to make, retain, and grow? Baldock
Photo by:\u00a0Erin Leppo Photography\u00a0on Equally Wed via Lover.ly Photo by
1. Get tipsy together. It may sound counter-intuitive, but scientists now say getting tipsy together could be the glue to
For more pets who couldn't care less about their owners' love lives, check out this list. Oh, Satchmo. You're such a romantic
She was my fianc\u00e9e, not my wife. I am widowed, but never married.
As a wedding caterer, I am often called, or shall I say grilled, by couples trying to save money on their special day. I feel sometimes like a used-car salesman with a really great Pad Thai recipe. I wind up advising couples what not to do as much as what to do.
Watch the video above, but warning
4. Pulling out the wallet. How much do guests dislike cash bars? Just\u00a0watch wedding planner David Tutera's reaction\u00a0when
The Knot heard about the couple's hardship and chose them as the 2014 Dream Wedding recipients. The couple's entire wedding
A keeper, indeed. How do you know your girlfriend is wife material? Easy -- she knows exactly how to turn around an otherwise
Captain's tip
Save The Date - Amy & Hunter from Dozenaire on Vimeo. [h/t Glamour] How'd they get the little ones to cooperate? Lots and
Today I'm 36 and still married to the man who asked to spend the rest of his life with me while I was finishing my last year of college. As the full-blown grown up I am today, I don't deny that we got lucky. The statistics were stacked against us. But that doesn't make our decision wrong or misguided.
Explore even more gorgeous wedding hats Photo by
2. Sex gets better the longer you\u2019re together. 29. With the kids, it\u2019s the two of you against them. 3. You are each other\u2019s
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. (Story continues after photos) Photo by The
The minister at a beautiful outdoor wedding I attended last month wore a shawl with symbols of numerous faiths. The person sitting next to me whispered in my ear, \That woman has found a growing industry.\
Her smile fills her face and his heart, as he gently dips and sways with her to the music. They are so young, so much in love and so very newly-wed. Less than one hour old, their marriage is as fresh as they come and filled with promise and hope.
12 Etiquette Mistakes You Didn\u2019t Know You Were Making More from Bridal Guide
Are you living in a sexless marriage?  Frustrated by a spouse who never gives you exactly what it is you need?  Do you often wonder if you'd be better off starting over from scratch?  Your marriage can be great one.  It can be a happy one.  And it is 100 percent our choice.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Bookworms and hopeless romantics everywhere
\Keep it timeless. Don't choose a style just because it's this season's trend.\
One day I've surprised my wife with a somewhat luxurious present, and the next day she's practically sleeping with the little man.
How do you figure out who to contact and what you need to find out about them? These are the questions that inspired me to interview and write about a number of event planners.
Enjoy the Ride The planning is exciting, but can also get overwhelming. Professionals like Harrup that are around the wedding
Vintage Steam Train Engagement Photo Shoot Photo
Stop yelling
Sam's father, Jon Simeon, started reading into the situation. \Maybe this is not meant to be,\ he recalled, \maybe they are
Once upon a time, your honeymoon was almost as big a deal as your wedding.  Not anymore. Sometimes it seems like only the rich and famous get to have real honeymoons nowadays.
Photo by
For more on Catogge and Comes' amazing story, watch the video above. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook
Watch the video above for more on the edgy look. Then, let us know in the comments if you would be daring enough to rock
Sure, weddings are fun -- but they can also be exhausting affairs with all the mingling, dancing and drinking. By time it's
Congratulations, Isaac and Jessica! Butts proposed on December 24, 2013 in a room full of of his friends and family. When
If you were a celebrity getting engaged in 2013, odds are very good the question was popped with a cushion cut diamond set in a pave halo setting.
We've seen a lot of proposal videos this Christmas season, but this one (which was filmed in Australia on Christmas Eve) stands
Your mom can be a great source of advice because she knows you so well, or she may have ideas in her head that conflict directly with your vision.
Despite the setbacks and freezing cold, the bride glowed on her Big Day. This photo was posted to Reddit by her wedding photographer
In a video posted to Youtube earlier this month, professional soccer player Shunsuke Nakamura attempts a free kick in order
The New York Times writer Tara Parker-Pope pulled together the science behind nuptial bliss in her book For Better. Here's
Spread the word about any registry or gift information, including 'no gifts, please,' by word of mouth, as well as on your
Lasting, true love is not about being swept off your feet. Sometimes love is just sweeping the kitchen and being grateful that there is a kitchen and a partner who is contractually obligated to share it with you forever.
The pair met in 1998 in a comedy writing class at the Groundlings in Los Angeles. They got married in 2005 and have two daughters
ilstar88
Photo
Every person out there has suffered through a close friend's boyfriend or girlfriend that they couldn't stand. It's a fact of life.
We love music! And weddings! And wedding music! But, lets be honest\u2026sometimes you just want something a little more fun, personal
By Kristen O'Gorman Klein for Bridal Guide Can't get enough of the Crawleys? In honor of the season four premier on January
8. 2014 is the year to get spicy. Elizabeth reports that brides are over the moon for heat on the menu. \u201cWe using a lot of
It was inside a jewelry box, along with a note that asked
Photo Credit:\u00a0Yahoo Shine \I now realized why I was involved in the tragedy. It was to meet my best friend, and the love
Oh yes, it happens. All the time. The problem is that most of the women being asked -- with a bright sparkly diamond -- say yes because they don't know what else to do in the moment.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Cuoco isn't the first celeb to have an over
\When I got engaged and started planning my wedding a few months ago, I was shocked and annoyed that I would call other vendors
\When I'm home, I try to really be home,\ the \Drunk on You\ singer said. \We love to let our boys climb in bed with us at
The bride tells the Huffington Post that the theme came about because her now-husband is a \huge\ wrestling fan. Not only
Now that we're at the top of 2014, refreshing, renewing and revitalizing your life is on the top of everyone's mind. So what better place to start than by revamping your online dating profile?
They planned a 2014 destination wedding and then Cathy's mom was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer. Doctors advised Cathy that if she wanted her mom at the wedding, she should not wait for the Spring.
More from Lover.ly
14. \I plan to be more present when I'm with my husband and enjoy who he is more.\ - @KarynBT 1. \I am hoping to set aside
7. There\u2019s no such thing as too many lights on New Year's Eve. 3. You\u2019ll never forget your anniversary. New Years Eve wedding
31 Tips To Make Sure You Enjoy Your Wedding\u00a0Day How will you remember yours in 40 years? Read more on www.buzzfeed.com
Earlier this week, we asked our Facebook followers to take a look back at some of the amazing pictures we've featured as our Photo of the Day over the past year and cast their votes for 2013's Photo of the Year. Here, see the top 25 photos.
Which Celebrities Will Get Married Next? 9. Canadian couple weds hanging off the edge of a tower, 116 stories above ground
\Taesha is not one who wants attention at all, even having a small wedding with 50-100 attending is a stretch for her. If
As soon as you begin surfing wedding websites and enrolling as a bride on different discussion boards, you're putting your information out there. That wedding website you will be creating is a giant gaping security hole for a number of reasons.
KSFY News - Sioux Falls, SD News, Weather, Sports Nicole Decker didn't plan to get married in a hospital -- but with the
We said we would, and you said, \I do!\ CNN Living launched the Matrimony series in June, and we've been thrilled to see
\You're going to marry me,\ I blurted out. He asked why I thought so. \Because you are my destiny; there is no one else for you in this lifetime but me,\ I declared confidently.
Somewhere, personalizing a wedding got confused with slapping a monogram on anything that was markable, and replicating every cute idea seen around the blogosphere.
Be men who fight against the ripples and currents that hold back love. Who fight against the darkest shadows. Who create blueprints and music that flow from unrestrained hearts and end up touching the lives of those who know you. Especially your wives.
\The mayor of Kansas City introduced us as we walked in to a 40-person gospel choir singing 'Oh Happy Day.' It truly was
Congratulations!  You got engaged! Woohoo!  One of life's major events and now it's behind you -- well, not exactly.
\Yes or no?\ \Where are we going?\ \No,\ I say. Oh, puh-LEASE! I'm breathing hard after my soliloquy. My wife looks at me
Marriage is a complex beast; sometimes it's full of happiness and other times it goes really, really wrong -- which is why
What the wedding will be like
\They're getting married!!!!!\ - @jennjennxo \I asked from the top of Griffith Park and she said 'yes.'\ - @iandietrich Keep
In June, Tommy -- a telecommunications tower climber -- fell fifty feet while on the job and was in a coma for more than
I don't think many people -- men and women -- quite understand the roller coaster of emotions a person goes through while shopping for and picking out an engagement ring.
The Christmas-tree kiss. The movies-have-nothing-on-me kiss. The twinkly-lights kiss. The I-don't-even-mind-the-beard kiss
it happens all the time if you don't communicate with your photographer in advance and let him or her know what is and what is not important to you on your wedding day.
Will you accomplish anything by pooping on their party? No. Will you look like you're bitter or jealous or just unbalanced? Yes. So stop thinking about everything you want to stay and practice your fake-ass smile because you're going to need it.
6. Wedding dresses with long sleeves. 7. Gold everything. Photo by
Figuring out how to pop the question can be tough, but these people have it down. In the New York Times' compilation of the
9. \We spent hours on our anniversary night (11/24) making our own Christmas stockings and one for my dog Bo!\ - @iheartfootball
By Jennie Ma for TheKnot.com Follow these wedding gown trends to flatter your gorgeous curvy figure. More from The Knot
She was named during a routine visit to Jesse's doctor. They were describing the unicorn to her and she laughingly asked
We\u2019re not just talking about a mediator to listen to plans and encourage you along your path (though that\u2019s often one of
Posted on Reddit by _driftwood This couple made ominous rain clouds look like a beautiful, hand-painted backdrop. Take that
2. Use technology. Join Dr. Karen on her weekly radio show plus get powerful tips to empower your relationship fast in Dr
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Read all the results here. It's true, winter
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Something old, something new, something borrowed
Check out the slideshow below to see some wedding dresses made out of toilet paper. One thing is for sure
This week, we will celebrate our 35th wedding anniversary. Does that mean we discovered the \secret\? Hardly. Have we learned something?  Definitely! And thank goodness for that.
My marriage has wrapped me in a cocoon of unconditional love -- and has on occasion saved me from drowning in a sea of pity and self-doubt. My marriage is the partnership I wished for and while it is no where NEAR perfect, it is mine and I cherish it.
It's too early to announce the date and location of your wedding before you've got things all locked down. Just because you have written down your wish list, doesn't mean that it will have the slightest resemblance to a real wedding budget when it all comes down to it.
None of us is entitled to the \perfect\ partner. We just don't come out of the box in a manner that allows us to fit seamlessly into the lives of another. But we are creatures who can learn and adapt and, as such, we are capable of making choices about how we'd like to live.
During that time, the Los Angeles Police Department received a call about two suspects breaking into cars near Johnson's
On my way home from work one morning, I got a surprise phone call from Ryan. I had never talked to him on the phone before
When my partner and I decided to get married, I knew that in a lot of ways our wedding would be unorthodox \u2014 and not just
While flowers are pretty, they can be costly and they aren't for everyone. There are other alternatives for those who prefer to do something unique rather than the traditional flower arrangement to make their wedding more personal.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Check out the slideshow below for more funny
More from Bridal Guide
The solstice is an auspicious occasion that is celebrated around the world. It represents a turning point in the year, just as marriage represents a turning point in your lives, and it can be a very happy time for a wedding.
I felt pretty confident that I knew everything there was to know about wedding planning. I considered myself quite the expert. And then I got engaged. The minute that ring went on my finger I realized I was completely unprepared for the practical realities of wedding planning.
With the holidays coming up, you might want to consider involving your M.I.L. in your planning process -- at least a little bit.
Check out the slideshow below for even more hilarious wedding photos. This photo was posted on Reddit by user aimanimation
In case you\u2019re wondering how Clemons pulled this off, he tells HuffPost that once he bought the concert tickets, it took
\The best thing a couple throwing a destination wedding can do is let guests know that 'their presence is their present.' After
June and September brides may have the seasonal spotlight, but winter beauties get a few perks of their own. Snowy backdrops
If \I love you\ is the most romantic phrase in the English language, \Will you marry me?\ is a very close second. Not only
The timing may be imperfect; the setting may be all wrong; but when we find love, we can do nothing but throw ourselves into it with our whole hearts. It is a goal to achieve, a dream to fulfill. It is a bet we hope to win, but may lose.
There seems to be a misunderstanding amongst some about WHO makes the decisions and choices for the wedding events. The clients choose the venue, the lighting, the food, the beverages, the music and pretty much everything else you can think of.
Photo by
18. You MUST change your Facebook relationship status to \engaged\
Photo by
Photo by
By Simone Hill for TheKnot.com Just engaged? Congrats! Now's the time to celebrate as a couple and with your friends and
As a lover of love, I've been contemplating this question for a long time now, and have a handful of ideas on what love is made of...
Have you ever wondered what on earth your wedding planner or florist was talking about when he or she used the word \dragee
Another note for those brides and grooms who plan to \island shop\ their weddings -- don't plan on having a professional
And even with Law's nine decades of life experience, including five children, nine grandchildren and six great-grandchildren
By Bridget Clegg for TheKnot.com If you're including a flower girl in your bridal party, amp up her inherent cuteness with
Yes, you do have rights and you can do whatever you want, regardless of how tasteless and in poor judgment many of us may think your actions are. But when you are a guest in a different culture, you should observe the very basic practices of that culture.
Are bridal attendant and guest expenses getting out of control? If you are mother of the bride or mother of the groom, how do you feel about these costs for friends and family members? What would you do about it?
High and low table arrangements aren't the only way to go to create a beautiful table for your wedding. Using candles and small groupings of flowers can be unique and feel fresh and new.
It's the support of a loving partner that allows newly married women to launch into areas of their career and interests that they would not have felt confident enough to explore otherwise.
Alcohol at weddings is such an issue sometimes. If you choose to have a dry wedding, some people may have a problem with it. If you have a cash bar, some people may have a problem with that.
Watch the clip above to see their squirm-inducing reaction to his \When is the wedding?\ inquiry. They look seriously uncomfortable
Who knew Harry Potter-themed wedding shoes could be so... sexy? Luckily, he who shall not be named never RSVP'd. According
The DJ cut off your favorite song right before your favorite part? That's okay. Dance to the next song.
We yearn for more and more experiences. The kind that take us to new heights, where boredom vanishes like the mist on the ground.
The popularity of the wedding bouquet toss tradition is said to be declining, but you wouldn't know it based on this recent
As far as accidental selfies go, this one had some pretty poor timing. But if you look closely at his face, he does look
Then it was the moment I feared. It was our first dance as a married couple.
A wedding day is among one of the most stressful that anyone can have, so we take a look at the internal monologue of a Bride
From Hayley Paige\u00a0via\u00a0Lover.ly More from Lover.ly Runway looks from Bridal Market 2014 Glamorous headpieces we love Holiday
No matter how long you and your fianc\u00e9 dated or how many times you've been a bridesmaid in your friends' weddings, there are some truths you just don't find out about until you get engaged.
\I had absolutely no idea he was going to propose. I mean, who in their right mind would bring a ring all the way to Antarctica!?\
Finding your personal style is a matter of deciding the type of ceremony most suited to you, and getting a sense of which rituals, blessings, prayers, readings, and cultural or religious aspects are personally meaningful.
Sticking to your budget is one of the trickiest parts of planning a wedding -- especially because there are so many hidden costs. To help you out, we checked in with wedding vendors and financial experts across the country.
Fancier than birdseed
We ended up having everything we wanted and more, while coming in way, way under budget. Here are our tips for planning your DIY day, from the ground up.
I've spent a lot of time speaking to people in the wedding industry about same-sex weddings, and I've noticed that a lot of people have misconceptions about what really goes on at these fabulous celebrations.
7. You'll get the best seat in the house. Bridesmaids get to sit at the primo tables with the rest of the wedding party rather
\Seventeen years here. 10 of them married. 3 kids. Basically, I look at the human condition as a continuum that runs from
Huffington Post Live's Nancy Redd spoke with amateur porn stars Falicha Karr and Steve Bigs -- a couple featured on do-it
Your partner is a pain in the ass. You probably already know this, but what you may not know is that this is the way it is supposed to be.
In actuality, the \billion dollar wedding industry\ as seen in the media is, in reality, a loosely related network of creative professionals running very small businesses.
We recently celebrated our 11th wedding anniversary and it got me thinking about how this marriage is working so well when the people in it can get so crazy and confused and frustrated and even at times, short-tempered and jerky.
Lover.ly -- search, save, shop and share wedding ideas in one place. This vibrant hue works for men's or women's wedding
In this series, we will be exploring the different types of \tablescapes\ you can use to create beautiful, interesting reception tables.
Brides and grooms who recognize the need for a planner and hire somebody like me right off the bat are obviously the best case scenario for me, but that isn't always how it works.
For over 16 years, I've worked with my husband. Through our experiences of bonding professionally, following are the top five five secrets we've learned that we apply to a happy marriage.
\We have always been committed -- we're monogamous and have been for 21 years,\ she said. \But I did not love my husband
In recent years, the cost of medical bills has forced the O'Keys to cut back on their Big Day budget. But Chris still buys
By Simone Hill for TheKnot.com The guest book is one of those wedding details that, with a bit of creativity (even if you've
Wedding planning is a good lesson in trust, compromise and learning to lean on each other for the soon to be married couple.  When challenges arise, remember that your finance is there to help and support you.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Animals aren't immune to these bed-sharing
The pic was posted by Reddit user keckster on Tuesday with the caption, \Our surprise wedding guest. The day couldn't have
Afghanistan may be one of the world's poorest countries, but weddings are still a big \u2014 and expensive \u2014 deal. On most weekends
In marriage, losing is letting go of the need to fix everything for your partner, listening to their darkest parts with a heartache rather than a solution. It's being even more present in the painful moments than in the good times.
When people fall in love they usually want to jump in and make the marriage commitment. They generally believe wholeheartedly that what they feel now will never change and they don't anticipate what will happen after a few years of marriage.
Regular self-care is one way to avoid the death of passion in your long-term love relationship or marriage. More tips for
We've got seven stunning ideas that will have the magic of mehndi making a high-impact style statement on your big day!
Photo by
Now let me be clear -- I do not push these superstitions on my clients. If anything I shy away from showing how weird I am to those who are paying me.
With all of the impending chaos that the season brings, here are some reasons you should start planning your wedding now and claim some of the most sought after vendors before the holidays pass by
Check out more of this week's Real Weddings photos in the slideshow below
Before tying the knot, listen to your gut. Check out the slideshow below to learn the secrets to a happy marriage, according
After the sparklers have fizzled out and the confetti has been thrown, hop into a ride that fits your wedding style.
My desire for Radical Honesty runs deep. I was married for six years and in a nine-year relationship prior to meeting and
Who knew being woken up to a spool of thread inside a jewelry box could be so romantic? Luke (Ed Harris) surprises girlfriend
Photo by
Candy Shower Signature white thank you cards From Wedding Paper Divas via Lover.ly More from Lover.ly Diamonds, darling! Jewels
What do you do when your girlfriend finds out you're planning to propose and the whole surprise is ruined? In most cases
As families everywhere gather together for the holidays, it's likely that you'll find yourself making small talk with your
'Tis the season. Are those Santa's bells I hear? No, no. It's wedding bells. Destination wedding bells. Did you know that 24 percent of weddings last year were destination?
8) \I am grateful to my husband Mike for filling every day of my life with laughter. For always being honest with me, even
This season's dreamiest gowns run the gamut from diaphanous dresses to simple sheaths. Click through the portfolio ahead
One of my most testy mother-in-law moments came over holiday wrapping paper. A few months into my husband\u2019s conversion to
But it gets even better -- LaBarre was savvy enough to videotape his girlfriend's face while she watched the video, and her
Whether it be a very short engagement or one that lasts for a year(s), once it is over, it is over. And it is best to ensure that the relationships endure -- especially the bond you have with your mother.
Social Media is just a massive, colossal, gargantuan information overload for many brides, and if they spend too much time online \planning,\ they start to go a little nuts.
By day, and now that our kids are older, much later into the night, we are asexual Disney parent-bots. We say things to them like, \Don't forget to brush your choppers!\ or, \You seem a little tye tye (tired),\ or \Can I get some snuggle buggles over here?\
By Anja Winikka for TheKnot.com 5. Design It Together 3. Have a Friend or Family Member Go with Him More from The Knot
The bride tells HuffPost Weddings that she was \shocked\ when she realized what her new husband was up to, adding, \Once
The rules of wedding etiquette are constantly changing, making it difficult for modern brides, grooms and guests to find
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Scroll down to see some real wedding moments
Phaedra Dress From BHLDN via Lover.ly Bell sleeves give these lace gowns a boho feel. Don't forget your littles! Dress your
Rolling thunder. Also in 2000, Peter Schmidl and Anna Turcekov\u00e1 of Bratislava, Slovakia included a wedding procession of
\The biggest differentiator of marriage age seems to be a country's income, with people in developed countries marrying later
Wouldn't you think that the second time the groom-to-be might be more wary of the overpriced lure of diamonds, especially considering that they didn't last \forever\ like his dissolved first marriage?
In order to understand where you fit in and how to best navigate your relationships with others, here's a summary of the three styles of romantic partners.
[h/t Daily Echo] So nurses rearranged their shifts in order to take the mother of the bride to the venue in an ambulance
Brides, no matter their sexual orientation, should have the right to consider wearing pants on their wedding day, and know that they can still be considered a bride.
Need proof? Watch the epic wedding speech fails below, which masterfully illustrate what not to do when giving the big speech
How wrong they were. The Betars have been together for decades and have five children (two are now deceased), 14 grandchildren
Watch in the video above to see the awesome couple in action. Then, check out the slideshow below for some of our favorite
To her surprise, her dream wedding cost much less than she had anticipated. \When I booked the ceremony, I discovered that
So, you've decided to propose to your girlfriend \u2014 congratulations. And you've decided that instead of her picking out the
\At one point I lost it. I tore off the monitoring cables and started panicking, then went to the bathroom and completely
Click through the slideshow below for 21 funny wedding photobombs. Some nerve these groomsmen have. And you think to yourself
A friend of mine in the entertainment industry is planning her wedding. But here's the thing --  she hasn't announced it yet.
Just remember that while you are celebrating a marriage, there should be a certain solemnity to the occasion as well.  Save the goofing for the reception... it makes for better memories that way.
Dannie, what a lovely sentiment and such a nice palate cleanser from all these stories of couples having \gift tantrums\ with
I imagine it's a pretty great feeling when someone you want to marry actually asks you to marry him. And I'm truly happy for my friends who are entering into a lifetime of monogamy with the ones they love. But some of these statuses have to be addressed.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. The UCLA Bruins beat the Washington Huskies
If you want to be happy in your marriage, always be passionate, patient and tolerant. Never underestimate the importance of accepting what your significant other is doing in her or his personal life. Try to see the picture through her or his eyes.
Jennyfer and Rene Married In St. Paul of the Apostle // Submitted by Jennyfer Parra Credit
18) The importance of having married friends. You may have had serious and meaningful relationships before, but something
Because get this, kids -- how a man proposes isn't what makes him romantic. It's how a man purposes to lay down his life that makes him romantic.
Check out the video to watch the good times unfold in slow motion. Because after all, in real life, the good times always
Pants have become more acceptable as a choice -- for lesbian and straight brides alike -- and this year's runway options demonstrated more willingness to embrace a diverse expression of style and orientation outside of the customary gown and bride-groom pairing
Scarlett Johansson, Ashley Tisdale and Kaley Cuoco are just a few of the newly-engaged celebs rocking major rings. Want to
Cutting the wedding cake is a tradition most brides and grooms look forward to on the Big Day -- and saving a slice to enjoy
We believe that the overemphasis of sex on television, in the media, and in books about marriage cause people to believe
Pinterest-ing is so much easier than dealing with overwhelming choices, tradeoffs and drama. To help provide perspective, we have below some really insightful tips from Smart Wedding Week.
Because that moment in time no longer exists. And its absence is felt. Because nothing in life is constant and remains forever. Things change. And it's missed.
Grace loves lace Ariel dress $999 From Grace Loves Lace via Lover.ly Clara 1920's Inspired Bridal Gown $835 From Etsy Shops
Montana man Miles Steinbach spent the last month plowing his cornfield in a very specific way -- all because he wanted it
It's pretty much impossible to hate anything \Dirty Dancing\ related, and this video is no exception. Then, check out more
Looks like some people will still be digesting the royal wedding for years to come. A piece of the grand wedding cake served
On Tuesday, thousands of couples rushed to the altar in order to get hitched on an iconic date -- 11/12/13. Any one of them
Fortunately, the story has a happy ending. Someone later turned in the rings anonymously. Virginia woman Pamela Brun thought
CNBC reporter Courtney Reagan got the surprise of a lifetime when her boyfriend of seven years showed up on-set Wednesday
\He knelt because he knew I wanted to look him in the eyes,\ she said. \If I couldn't stand, he could certainly kneel to
Thankfully, Hall says the couple took the whole thing in stride. Fortunately, the cake's bottom layers were actually cupcakes
Oahu -- For Sophisticated Urbanites
As a couples' therapist, I've come to realize that people rush to marriage and sometimes get married for all the wrong reasons or they do it way too early.  Couples sometimes feel they have to get married because it fits a paradigm of how they see their life.
In the tiniest of tailor shops in Udaipur, in the northwestern Indian state of Rajasthan, a squad of tailors chaotically
There are themed weddings. And then there are themed weddings... Now check out some more wacky ways couples got hitched. It
This week my husband announced that he is leaving Path to start his own company with a close friend and co-worker. In Silicon Valley, an announcement like this is expected, the norm, no big deal. The thing is, it is terrifying to me.
A lot of my lovebirds are opting for a great \old fashioned. \ The sugar, bitters and fruit can be muddled in the glasses ahead of time, so the bar doesn't get slowed down, and then just add ice and rye, scotch or bourbon. Bourbon \old fashioned\ is my fave.
Meredith Hendrix-Jackson\u2019s parents refused to come to her wedding. Instead, her love-filled wedding photos brought sixty
\u201cI\u2019ve shot a lot of adventure and climbing photography, and Gil\u2019s optimistic personality was infectious, so he managed to
Take note of the little things she likes to do. It's not about the money, it's about the memory. Fifty years down the road, she won't remember how much you spent on a fancy meal, but she'll remember that picnic you had after your hike.
It was no surprise to me when Collier told me she had a digital crush with a fine gentleman and social media enthusiast, named Curt Buthman, whom she became friends with on Twitter over four years ago.
Your wedding day will be a whirlwind.  You're whisked from hair to makeup to the ceremony with pictures and questions and chaos in between.
Lawler said he \u201ccouldn\u2019t miss out\u201d on marrying on the \monumental\ day for an even more significant reason. \u201cBetween having
A recent Gallup poll says that married Americans spend more money than their single counterparts, which means if more people
With a little bit of work on your part and some compromising, you can easily narrow down the many options to find your perfect destination. Follow these seven tips to ensure you have no regrets and take the honeymoon trip you've always dreamed about.
In honor of Movember, -- we've gathered some photos of handsome grooms who rocked facial hair at their wedding, from barely-there to the whole shebang.
Xochitl Gonzalez -- etiquette expert, wedding planner and HuffPost Weddings blogger -- is here to tell us how to handle this
Here are my top three tips for incorporating just a touch of three upcoming winter holidays -- Thanksgiving, Hanukkah, and Christmas -- into your celebration.
Submitted by Rebecca Haskell // Photo taken at Retro Suites in Ontario, Canada // Credit
More from Lover.ly
We went straight to the pros and asked them to handpick their favorite beauty products for your wedding day.
Taking your engagement pictures soon? Make those photos work double-duty by also getting a cute shot for your holiday cards! Here, check out some of our favorite ideas.
Photo by
More from The Stir
Credit
Okay, so we can all agree that this woman is officially the best. Read the Redditor's equally sweet response below
If this doesn't make your day -- we don't know what will. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter
Sri Lankan couple Nisansala and Nalin tied the knot on Friday in a world-record-breaking ceremony. Credit on all photos
While your wedding is a day for joy and celebration, many of us have had or will have a loved one missing from our special
Use these five strategies to create more intimacy, more connection, more sizzle, and less stress in your marriage.  Your wife will thank you and you'll realize that those single men are the ones that ought to be dreaming about being a married guy just like you!
The writer behind the viral blog post \Marriage Isn't For You\ sat down with Huffington Post Live on Wednesday to explain
Darryl I offer four reasons to stick with it even if you've considered giving up on your marriage. There is a powerful blog
Brides-to-be are typically the ones to take on most of the wedding planning responsibilities, but it turns out that men find
It occurs to me that many brides have a hard time letting go because we don't always feel that the day means as much to you as it does it us.  If you can make her feel that your wedding day is important to you as well you'll have a much happier bride.
Additional photos of the cake (to compare, here's a photo of the couple in real life)
It must be puppy love! Ed Grant popped the question to his long-term girlfriend, Alexandra Justins, in Central Park recently with the help of some furry friends. The 27-year-old Brits were visiting The Big Apple on a four-day vacation.
After 75 years of wedded bliss, Morrie and Betty Markoff know a thing or two about making a marriage last. The secret to
While pink dresses may conjure up images of little girls playing dress up, think again. Pale blushes, peaches and other soft shades exude a romantic and vintage vibe when made of layers of tulle -- perfect for a candlelit, ballroom wedding or an outdoor, rustic affair.
From
Some social norms and conventions help us along the pathway to happiness, while others are roadblocks.
You know what they say
Although marriage creates a wonderful union of soul and heart, it challenges us to keep and sustain our individuality in the face of a gravitational pull that draws us toward oneness and unity.
Photo by
Oh, the best laid plans. Sometimes all the engagement planning in the world cannot guarantee a marriage proposal without hiccups. Fortunately for all brides and grooms-to-be, even flubbed proposals and decidedly non-sentimental words are still capable of effectively getting the job done.
This \talk\ does not at all have to be something that tears the two of you apart. It could ultimately be something that brings
She continued, \u201cEmotions such as anger and contempt can seem very threatening for couples. But our study suggests that if
Having been married only a year and a half, I've recently come to the conclusion that marriage isn't for me. Now before you start making assumptions, keep reading.
Have you ever sat at a wedding counting the different people around you who have slept together?  Instead of focusing on the pretty bouquets and beautiful bridesmaids, were you smirking because the two bridesmaids on the end don't speak to each other because they've both slept with the best man -- recently?
Below, our readers tell us how they would feel about surrendering their smartphone at a wedding. Keep in touch! Check out
By Irene Jay for YourTango.com Spending Too Much Time Walking The Room \One of the things that I wish I didn't do at my wedding
The bride is no longer the only person at the wedding who gets to turn heads all the way down the aisle anymore -- well, at
I know what you're thinking
We already knew dolphins were some of the smartest animals, but we had no idea they were some of the most romantic. \u201cSwimming
If you love the idea of a farm wedding but want to make the space feel elegant enough for a wedding, chances are you are going to need to dress it up a little. To help make this project seem less overwhelming and within your DIY wedding reach, I have five quick tips.
Even the cutest of flower girls and ring bearers will need some kid-friendly entertainment at the reception.
On our wedding day, we'd like to be pronounced by our names
Narrowing down the top dress styles is no easy feat -- so this season, we turned the tables and let BG brides decide with our first-ever Readers' Choice Awards!
Just look away. Credit
One of the first things I told my fianc\u00e9 after we got engaged was, \u201cI am not wearing a fucking white dress.\u201d Fast-forward
If there's a photo out there that more beautifully captures enduring love, we're not sure we've seen it. And if that wasn't
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. It's official
If a date didn't like my everyday appearance, it was better for us to move along, anyway. My husband and I occasionally dress up for date nights, but prefer to spend our time at home in sweatpants.
'Brides to be' can use many tech tools to enhance their wedding planning experience. Being a bride in this day and age means being more tech savvy than ever before. Apps and digital tools can greatly cut down stress and help keep you organized.
Couples thinking about getting married someday might want to consider way-in-advance planning for the ring. Diamond prices
The first two years of marriage are a tricky time for most couples.  The high of the wedding is over and real life sets in. In our first year and a half of marriage we had more than our share of arguments, and none of them were pretty.
Body art can be a very controversial issue with your wedding party -- especially if the bride or groom has a strong opinion on it and if any of their good friends happens to be tatted up.
I committed to skipping the wedding planning stress entirely. I wanted a special day to remember, but I didn't want the reception logistics to overtake the meaning of the vows. And, I didn't want to spend a fortune on one day (four college educations do not just pay for themselves).
Scroll down to see some real wedding moments captured by those who attended them. If you go to a wedding, tweet a photo to
If you want to make it 20, or 40, or 60 years, you need to learn the meaning of communicating in a positive way, fighting appropriately, and putting your spouse first.
While we can plan well, there are things beyond our control. It's only a disaster if you think it's a disaster. If you laugh about it and carry on, everyone else will follow your lead and consider your wedding a success.
4. Women value kissing more than men. Generally speaking, of course. It's important to us, guys, so pucker up. More from
Imagine if you started discussing your long-term financial goals about the same time you were planning your nuptials. Perhaps if you spent less time thinking, \band or DJ,\ and more time thinking about investing, your life together could be vastly improved.
The tradition, the food, the hospitality...What's not to love about a good old fashioned Southern wedding?  We asked expert wedding planners from all across the South for their best tips to giving any wedding a bit of Southern charm!
Everyone has different views on money and it's rarely an easy thing to talk about, but don't let that get in the way of voicing your opinion. If you disagree on any particular financial strategy, the money talk is your chance to speak up.
A black tulle dress is so glamorous for a Halloween wedding. Photo by
Don't get me wrong, I love being a part of weddings. I love the anticipation of them, but I've never once not suffered what I call wedding withdrawal.
From oversized hair to white eyeliner (yes, really), here are the hottest looks in bridal beauty we saw on the catwalks of New York Bridal Fashion Week.
Both the prank -- and the wedding -- went off without a hitch, despite Peeler's concern that she'd be distracted during the
There are a lot of theories to frosting a cake. I tried them all. I needed every trick a baker has to make my frosting skills look pro. And I got close -- sort of.
Maybe it's because my marriage ended in divorce, but I look back on my wedding as a big party, with no connection to the relationship or the marriage at all...even with all those personal details. If I marry again (which I think I probably will), I have no desire to have a big wedding -- and I'm know I'm not alone.
I rolled over and kissed my husband. Not a quick peck to say goodnight. Not as a gesture of marital love. But as though I were kissing him for the first time.
See Casey skate through Paris traffic to catch the first flight out Saturday morning, to land in NYC at 1:30 PM. Besides
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Now that's what we call creative problem solving
\I felt really lucky when we met. It's crazy -- we were teenagers, it shouldn't have worked. We got married young, that shouldn't
It looks like Breeding is going to get the opportunity to do just that. The owner of the album, Michelle Lanfear of Florida
On the left
It is my wish for these children, and all the others who marry, that their love will drive us all toward greater unity and acceptance within our worldwide family. Of course, a little luck will be helpful too.
On Monday, New Jersey became the fourteenth state to legalize gay marriage, and the Times reported that couples from Elizabeth
He did note, though, that he used a \funkin\ -- a fake carvable pumpkin -- to create this festive masterpiece. Either way
When you're tired enough, anything can be a bed. Literally anything, anywhere -- like, say, a table top in a room full of
\It was like a movie,\ Francis said. \Kanye West has outdone every man.\ The entrepreneur and film producer flew up to San
Any self-respecting Pok\u00e9mon Master knows there's only one way proper way to pop the question -- with a Pok\u00e9 ball engagement
Take a break from wedding planning with your fianc\u00e9 or enjoy newfound marital bliss with your husband with all of the activities that this season has to offer.
\I had to choose which ding-dong do I want,\ Kumar said. \It's been better. Now we have dates, and whenever we go out, we
Okay, that's it. I'm calling BULLSH*T on \secret\ and \surprise\ weddings. I don't mean you can't have elements of surprise for your future spouse but I'm saying that deciding to plan an entire, secretive destination wedding with a huge group of people and then planning to pop the question en route or when your bride-to-be is already trapped down here is NOT A GOOD IDEA.
His version
The rules of wedding etiquette are constantly changing, making it difficult for modern brides, grooms and guests to find
There was no stag do in Prague, no ladies' karaoke night, no wedding list, no inter-family brawl over the buffet, no best
When I caught up with Nancy Borowick on Thursday morning, she was running around East Harlem shooting a neighborhood feature
Searching for a spooky spot to tie the knot? Give your guests the thrill of a lifetime at one of these extraordinary venues.
Here's a fun way to get the conversation flowing at your rehearsal dinner or engagement party
Funky wedding day heels Find the perfect veil Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest
We love this play on the traditional ring bearer \pillow.\ Photo by
Koch admitted that his groomzilla demands didn't end there. He even dictated the height of her shoes. Don't be so quick to
These days it takes a lot to impress us when it comes to taking fun and creative engagement photos. And somehow, Seattle
When you walk into a bridal salon and see all those gorgeous gowns hanging in a perfectly neat row or dressed on a mannequin, do you ever stop to think how it got there?
You may be excited for your friend to change her status from \Engaged\ to \Married,\ but there's no need to write annoying comments on her wall about it.
Gown by Claire Pettibone, Photo by Getty Gown by Anne Barge, Photo by Getty Check out more of our favorite non-strapless
From pure happiness to utter panic faster than you can say \u201cI do.\u201d Read more on BuzzFeed
Ralph and Tillie Lee Pullin are one of Georgia's longest-living married couples. The pair -- who tied the knot in 1938 -- recently
The elderly Paraguayan couple -- Riella is 103 and Lopez is 99 -- recently married in a religious ceremony 80 years after
Travelers to the bustling cultural mecca of Kingston, Jamaica will immediately notice certain things.
Bridal Guide's fashion team is reporting live from the runways! Follow us on Instagram or Facebook for up-to-the-minute updates, and browse all of the photos in our daily recaps.
9. Neither of us felt like having sex (4 percent) Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest
New York Bridal Week Fashion Week introduced a slew of new wedding dress trends that will hit stores in the coming year, including
\We actually had to ask her to let go of him, so we could get him out of the car,\ a trooper told KREM. Mrs. Nordhagen also
You've heard of the freshman 15...but did you know there's also a post-wedding weight gain? Studies show that couples are likely to gain weight after the wedding. But why is it happening and how can you stop it?
So what happens when you combine friendship with boudoir photography? It's no secret that a great boudoir session is empowering.
The 62-year-old married Ruth Terry, 67, on Tuesday after seven years of dating. According to The Marietta Daily Journal, Williams
Should you say \I Will\ or \I Won't\? \I Do\ or \I Don't\? Scooch up a little closer and consult this cheeky flowchart. Read
We don't need to show people we're in a committed relationship by some ring, but rather by the way he rests his hand on my back in line at the theater without thinking, or the way we automatically put the armrest up between our airplane seats.
Dads are known for having their own brand of humor that is only occasionally funny to the rest of us. But every so often
Let vulnerability reign in your life. Then and only then will you have a true chance to be seen and to know each other. Not the fake self with fake smiles and fake emotions.
The look on the groom's face as the bride walks down the aisle is one of our absolute favorite wedding moments, filled with
Interview originally published on YourTango.com YourTango
The very word elopement is romantic, especially if your wedding takes place in a far-away place such as Paris or Venice. But even a civil ceremony at City Hall can be romantic when two people are truly in love.
Vera Wang may have made quite the statement with her all-pink bridal collection on Friday, but on Sunday, designer Rita Vinieris
The perfect fall color palette
Check out her complete Fall 2014 collection below, then let us know
Photo by
Submitted by Calli Monnier Photo credit
There is no denying the fact that our relationship is an adventure. Being married is a feat in and of itself -- being married to a farmer adds a whole other layer.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Researchers found that factors such as the
Bridesmaid dresses get a bad rap for being dated, unflattering and generally hideous. But the 'maids aren't the only wedding
\u201cDon\u2019t try to not cry. If you\u2019re going to cry, cry. When you try not to, it\u2019s the worst picture-face of all time,\u201d a friend
Love of self and especially love of your soul-mate and best friend.  The guy you married.  The woman you pursued, chased and won over.  These are the awakenings that really matter.  Find them.  Embrace them.
Already, that menu sounds pretty great. But Mathew Rice, Izard's pastry chef at The Girl and the Goat, really went above
Here at HuffPost Weddings, we love couples who don't take themselves too seriously. And many of our readers who tied the
With one poignant gesture, this groom summed up exactly how we feel about the government shutdown. Two words
When you get divorced, what do you do with your wedding dress that's too expensive (and too beautiful!) to throw away, but just doesn't feel right to keep anymore?
As my husband and I began our new life together, one that was very uniquely ours, why did we feel the need to share these very formulaic facts with the rest of the world? And why did anyone care?
The Snellville, Ga. family has received an incredible outpouring of support and donations from the local community. Thanks
In some respects, this question is a bit like asking, \How late is too late to give someone a compliment?\. The answer is
Don't worry -- you're hardly the first bride to feel uncomfortable about the bachelor party. Though out-of-control antics on movies and TV make it look like total debauchery is headed your future husband's way, the real-life version will likely be a bit more mundane.
Don't be that guy from Love Genre Films on Vimeo. \Don't Be That Guy\ is a weekly segment Sabrina Rodriguez produces at KTXL
The batsh*t crazy keeps on coming
Congratulations to Alyson Hannigan and her husband Alexis Denisof, who celebrated their 10-year anniversary recently by renewing
4) \I'm the luckiest man on the planet. It doesn't make sense to me. The way she looks at me ... she has that magical glow
Sure, popular sites like Match.com, eHarmony and JDate boast success stories. And even Martha Stewart has admitted to dipping
Model Max Rogers recently proposed to former Pussycat Doll Kimberly Wyatt with a ring that packs a punch of violet color. The amethyst center stone is strikingly beautiful and set exquisitely in a halo setting that really makes the dark purple color pop.
For any potential invites still on the fence, think about your relationship with this person five years from now. Is there a chance you will look at wedding pictures and say, \Who is that? I cannot believe they were at my wedding!\
Many such bets allow for slaps to be redeemed at any moment in the future, thereby making the loser wait in fear for a slap
When planning a wedding, brides have a multitude of challenges to face. I surveyed a group of recent brides and below are the top issues that drove them nuts during the wedding planning process.
Now Juliao and Coughlin are scrambling to find another venue at the last minute. Rescheduling their nuptials was out of the
And lately, we've been hearing about a lot of women who are deciding to \go Dutch\ and split the cost of an engagement ring
Many couples come to me hoping to create a ceremony that isn't specifically religious, yet acknowledges cultural and religious roots.
1. It's not about the money. Sometimes, when the dollar signs start flying by, it can be easy to lose track of what it is
Here, 20 things every woman should try to do before tying the knot. Given all the hype and hoopla around finding The One
Your head might start spinning as you ponder the difference between an escort card and a place card. Relax -- here are all the basics you'll need to help you pull together a memorable wedding.
Marcella Hazan's Essentials of Classic Italian Cooking features a photograph of Marcella and her husband arm-in-arm, smiling and touching each other in a way that suggests many years of happy intimacy. Newly married, we both wanted to be that couple some day.
Since the whole point of the wedding is the getting married part, it's important to consider who'll be doing the marrying -- and to ensure that the marriage will be legal.
\u201cWe have a good time,\ Youngkin told local news station WHNS. \We like to laugh and we like for everyone else to laugh too
Just 24 hours after getting married, my husband and I jetted off to Maui to start our honeymoon. Life was crazy busy leading up to our wedding, so we didn't have much planned for our Hawaii trip other than flights and hotels.
When this 2012 proposal at a Michigan college football game recently hit YouTube, it didn't take long for it to make the
Newlyweds Sofie Verret and Gerry Dumortier arrived home the morning after their wedding to find it completely barricaded
\Keep a date night. Since we married, we've maintained one night a month to go out as a couple. When our children were infants
When it comes to photographing weddings don't make the mistake many make of thinking the only consideration regarding the photographer you hire is going to be about the photography.
And although Bass said they don't have any specific details planned yet, he assured Rumor Fix that when he ties the knot
Having an only child is the maternal equivalent of putting all your eggs in one basket, so to speak. Additional children give you the chance for a do-over or two; with only one, that's exactly how many chances you get to get the whole parenting thing right.
This post goes out to all the \Independence Day\ fans out there. We know you're likely still reeling from the announcement
It seems like lost wedding rings have a way of turning up, especially when they're lost in someone's yard. In November 2012
You've waited for this day your whole life. Not the wedding. Not the proposal. No, no. You've dreamed for years about the very first time you try on wedding dresses. You've invited all your besties, maybe even Mom and Dad.
This isn't the first time someone has proposed marriage on live TV. In March 2013, a news reporter was surprised on air by
I'm not saying you have to kiss my butt to get good wedding-planning services (planning your wedding is my job), but I'm saying that if you told me you didn't need a hairdresser each of the six times I gave you the option during the planning process, you oughta be very, very sweet when you get to the island and suddenly change your mind.
I wish celebrities would close their fairy tale books and start respecting marriage by not jumping into it and then getting divorced. They're teaching girls that marriage is disposable and the commitment doesn't have to last.
According to a new study by U.K. law firm Slater & Gordon, married couples are happiest in their third year of marriage. Researchers
Everyone loves a good public proposal right? \I couldn't stop laughing. I said it was the greatest photo I've ever seen,\ she
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. For sports fans, the number one rule of fall
Designer Zac Posen, who collaborated with Newsom on her wedding dress, told E! News that the gown was \magical.\ \It was
Queen Bey once sang, \If you liked it, then you should've put a ring on it.\ After nine years together, one man followed
The researchers found that there was a strong correlation between good health and how happy people were in their marriages
The couple will tie the knot on Saturday at Amelita Mirolo Barn in Columbus, Ohio. Wonder if it's too late to snag an invite
Although Mason jars have definitely had their moment, they are not going away anytime soon. Couples are now just getting more creative with how they use them and are finding some amazing ways to upgrade them in their weddings.
For the bride who spends her work days in clogs or flats or the tomboy bride who hasn't worn high heels since Junior Prom, choosing footwear for your wedding day can feel a bit overwhelming.
So, you looked at a few venues online and you have bookmarked a few of your favorites. You think you know where you want to get married, but how do you get the ball rolling? Who do you contact?
Love turns to despair and oftentimes even hate, like a chameleon that posed as hope and now wears the face of struggle and sure defeat. Love fades and dies. Our hurt grows and we need answers.
Last December, San Jose, CA hairstylist, Jen Bulik, received the worst news possible and was diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer. She and her boyfriend of six years, Jeff Lang, a yoga instructor, decided to marry as soon as possible.
Jennifer and her husband, Jeff,tied the knot in 2008. They have spent the last five years traveling around the world and
And it seems that the couple is still very much basking in the newlywed glow. The couple tied the knot in a Parisian-themed
I need to mull this all over. Mull over this new idea of me as a bride -- analyze the pros and cons of appearing in a vintage 1950s wedding dress, the logistics of hiking to our remote location in it, and more, being the type of wife that wore that dress to her wedding.
As a therapist practicing since 1995, one of the most common requests I receive is for a good book about marriage.  This request is especially common among newly engaged couples and people who are struggling to decide whether to marry their current partner.
Fall is officially here! Our readers who tied the knot this weekend started the season off right -- with beautiful celebrations
On Saturday, the six-time Olympic gold medalist posed with a bride and groom for a photo, which he later posted on Instagram
If we didn't know better, we would have thought the Emmys red carpet was a bridal fashion show runway. Some of our favorite
\She pulls this same stunt with every bride. She waits until the last minute and then tries to disguise a sample dress as
A princess-cut white diamond with a thin platinum band may be beautiful, but it certainly isn't the most interesting or unique
Watch the video above to see the sweet and insanely detailed proposal for yourself. Then click through the slideshow below
And in the end, all of those fairy tales we've read as brides have caused us to build castles that only crumble. But if you go into any situation with a more realistic perspective, you can say forget the fairytale -- I'll write my own story.
Jeez, can't a dog get a little privacy? Click through the slideshow below for more hilarious animal photobombs. And lucky
Sign up for, not one, but TWO online dating sites. It's the equivalent of being in two bars at once without the hangover.
Like bridezillas, groomzillas can be emotionally tied to their opinions being heard and of course implemented. If his opinions are not crossing over from dreams to reality, he can make the worst bridezilla look like a Sunday sweetheart.
It is easy to get confused and intimidated by all the terminology that gets thrown around when you're standing at the fine jewelry counter.
There was, however, one obstacle in his path
Olivia Wilde, 29, penned an awesome essay about the dos and don'ts of turning 30 in the September issue of Glamour. She and
\Anywhere other than here,\ the officiant states. After a brief pause, he continues the scolding
Who said proposals can't be funny? At a recent Beijing Improv show, a man and his girlfriend were called on stage to participate
A Tunisian wedding is no simple feast. Rather it is a seven days affair -- a seven nights affair to be more accurate -- that will showcase the wealth, charm and beauty of the bride and groom.
Ask yourself
Braided hairstyles are not only bohemian and beautiful- but super practical! With these chic styles, your hair will be kept out of your face while looking photogenic from every angle.
By Kellee Khalil for Lover.ly The days of wearing matching white button-front shirts and blue jeans and doing full-on prom
Remember, your relationship with your mother-in-law is one that is going to last a long, long time. The more you can do to make it blossom, the better! (
Journalist and talk show host Katie Couric has happily confirmed her engagement to John Molner. She reports that she was \stunned\ when the financier proposed but has made no secret of her excitement. The two began dating in the Spring of 2012.
\I was never going to change my name to Rocknroll,\ she said. \I\u2019ve never changed my name to anything so I didn\u2019t see a reason
Watch the video above for more of Kimmel and Samberg's hilarious banter. Then, click through the slideshow below for more
The dress has been purchased, the colors are set, the invitations have been sent, and the DJ has been contracted. Just as you start to relax, it happens...
Back in the day, if you didn't want to get married in a church your options were pretty much limited to
By Kellee Khalil for Lover.ly If you've already put down a deposit at your local reception spot, you may want to reconsider
Related
The billion dollar wedding industry sells engagement as a time of sweep trains, fondants, and last hurrahs in Vegas. But engagement is just as likely to be remembered for stress-induced meltdowns, battles over money and control, and family dynamics gone horribly wrong.
Over the past six months, I have shared wedding news with quite a few friends and clients. As I listened to each bride rattle off the list of details to be attended to in order to have a fabulous event, I felt strangely unsettled.
An amazed Ashley says \yes\ to the gravity-defying proposal, and Robin pulls a ring out of its hiding place -- also in the
It looks like luck was on the side of our readers who tied the knot this weekend -- from a bride and groom who shared a kiss
By Kellee Khalil for Lover.ly Photo by
Researchers have found that men today want more than a woman whose talents include looking beautiful and nothing more. A
Whether you're planning your own wedding, helping plan someone else's, or are just plain interested in the field, these tips will be sure to help you for years to come! So lets find out what the experts had to say about each of their fields!
The nuptials were national news; after all, both Jack -- as he was often called -- and Jackie came from wealthy, influential
Poor Kris spent less time being married to Kim than the 535 days it took to finalize the divorce. In both the cases -- the $2 million bridal bling and the sham of a marriage to Kim -- Kris clearly made some bad judgment calls.
I was not the kind of little girl who imagined herself getting married in a beautiful chapel with a long flowing gown, and to everyone who knows me, it was inevitable that I was going to be a nontraditional bride.
Check out the photo, posted to Reddit Thursday by the couple's friend bears13, below. But these two aren't the first to take
When you are a bride-to-be, you want to do everything right, and there's a lot to get right. Along with planning the wedding and all the myriad details that involves, it's important to know the etiquette of wedding showers.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. LeBron James will tie the knot with his high
I'm a rookie wedding cake maker after a friend asked if I'd take a stab at her wedding cake. Piece of cake, right? Not exactly.
A little white chapel wasn't exactly what these couples had in mind when they planned their nuptials.
There was blame. There were power struggles. It felt like we were trying to one-up each other, even in terms of who was suffering more in the relationship. The dramatic difference two years later is that we think and behave more like a team.
Now that I've tried to change the way I look at love, the more I become shocked at the messages of love I had gotten when I was younger.
\u201cSomeone called us a power couple the other day. I was like, what the\u201d \u2014 he drops in an expletive \u2014 \u201cdoes that mean?\ he
Goeas told The Huffington Post that her grandmother was in poor health, as she suffered from a heart condition, but was \likely
She isn't the only bride to overcome an injury on her wedding day. In August, a paralyzed bride from Toledo, Ohio used a
Do not DIY your dress. Do not allow your mom or grandmom or anyone, but Vera Wang herself, to DIY your dress.
Your wedding day is going to be one of the best days of your life, follow these tips to make it that much better.
Brides tend to forget how emotionally invested mothers can be as her little princess gets married.   Momzillas come in different shapes and forms, but all need to be regarded carefully as to not risk the relationship between mother and daughter.
Everyone's got a know-it-all in the family
Check out the segment above to hear more from Bernstein, and for a particularly embarrassing story that she highlights in
I could get used to this... in fact, I got so carried away with the revelry that I forgot to do a few things. I neglected
Mom of two Sasha Emmons is a writer and editor. Follow her on Twitter and Google+. You have to work hard on your marriage
There are times we feel smothered by another person's food and health philosophy, or we may even be guilty of this ourselves. Marriage is about coming together with patience and love, but it should never mean feeling belittled for your health and positive body image efforts.
@linzylouhoo
The inspiring bride also gave thanks to her \wonderful\ new husband for being there for her throughout her recovery. \Not
\u201cIt is very common for couples to go through sexual dry spells,\u201d says Rabbi Ed Weinsberg, EdD. \u201cIt's estimated that this
It's Pumpkin Season Already! Some of the best wedding photos aren't posed or staged at all. It's the candid photographs, rather
I didn\u2019t want to lead anyone on. I\u2019m no femme fatale, but I\u2019d learned to be a pretty effective flirt after some trial and
By Kellee Khalil for Lover.ly Here's a budget-friendly reception idea
I'm noticing what I think might be an infinitely large problem in our society's wedding culture. The majority of this country's 20-something ladies are flooding Pinterest with ideas about everything and anything wedding related
This isn't the first time a twosome has opted for a more gruesome engagement photo session. In 2011, a Los Angeles couple's
Everyone wants to be a part of joyous celebration. To avoid hurt feelings, try to involve your family as much as possible. Allow them to give their input without overpowering your own decisions.
\Usually bargains are offseason, so you have to think about why offseason is offseason, and usually it's because of weather
The most perfect log cabin wedding you'll ever see More from Lover.ly Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook
The way Diana's star status changed the press' rather reverential relationship with royalty into just more tabloid fodder bled over into how they perceived wedding ceremonies, brides and women in general.
Jackman and Furness have two adopted children together
Rise of the retro trend
It's almost time for fall weddings! As we trade in our flip-flops and tank tops for boots and cozy sweaters, here are the top five centerpiece trends we're loving for autumn nuptials.
Planning a wedding can be exciting and fun, but anyone who says it's easy probably isn't telling the truth. Over the weekend
Utah couple Adam Frei and Kenzie Bouwhuis got more than just an adrenaline rush after their first skydiving experience
If you think of how many emails you get during the course of an ordinary day -- work, friends, family -- and then add in the myriad you receive during wedding planning, it makes total sense to keep them as separate as you can.
Receiving the right compliment can make even the worst day feel warm and sunny -- especially when the kind words come from
The honeymoon is the light at the end of the tunnel for many brides and grooms-to-be who have had it up to here with wedding
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. One Colorado firefighter was so focused on
One Texas woman discovered that it's all too easy to get carried away by love. On Saturday, bride-to-be Kendall Sawyer and
Unlike most photographers I've never been interested in trends or even whether what I photograph fits someone's notion of what wedding photos should be.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. America\u2019s Prettiest Wedding Cakes 50 Ways
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. That's why this unique way to record the ceremony
So how do you become the boss, commander and chief? The magician that makes the mundane disappear, the ordinary slip out of sight and pulls spirited romance out of your lover's hat? You.
Celebrity Couples
Boudoir photography has been heating up the wedding scene for the past few years -- and for good reason. When done right, the shots are the perfect mix of sensuality and simplicity.
Lots of brides and grooms-to-be get stuck in the band versus DJ debate, forgetting an additional musical possibility that can make their wedding day absolutely gorgeous
Beautiful first kisses are just par for the course at a wedding or in engagement photos, but once the honeymoon is over, people
I realize it only now that I'm getting married as well, but it seems I messed up when it came to some of your gifts.
You just got engaged and you're on Cloud 9 thinking about all the wonderful things that lie ahead -- a beautiful wedding
Even in the digital age when most communication happens over text, Facebook and email, there's something extra sweet about
Click through the slideshow below for 18 ways to up the fun factor at your wedding. [h/t Glamour] Move over wedding photo
His version
More Stories From YourTango
But when the subjects were asked to focus in on the unfamiliar voice, researchers found that their age came into play. Middle
I started talking about how I want to decorate the cake, how I can make at least three layers, and how I'll even look into molding flowers out of fondant. Piece of cake, right?
Click through the slideshow below to see our favorite proposals of all time. Though a 2012 survey showed that no men want
Whatever happened to financing a wedding with old-fashioned effort instead of with handouts? Isn't it more honorable to hold
October is one of the most popular months of the year for weddings, and brides want to choose a gown that reflect their personal
Ever been faced with a wedding comment that was so inappropriate it left you tongue-tied? Among the congratulations and well-wishing, you're bound to hear a few remarks that are rude, annoying, or flat-out appalling.
Take a look at images from Phillips' book, \A Tall Tale\ (story continues below)
Last week, Kelly Clarkson announced her plans to cancel her wedding, deciding instead to elope with fianc\u00e9 Brandon Blackstock
For brides who are short in stature and narrow at the waist -- otherwise knows as petite -- wedding dresses that create the illusion of a long torso are ideal. We scoured the runways to find the most flattering styles for your tiny frame. Click through for dresses that work well for petite body types.
25 Date Night Ideas That Aren't Cheesy By Rachael Mt. Pleasant for YourTango.com 16 Really Annoying Things People Say When
One of the biggest trends in bridesmaid dresses right now is a mix of sequined and shimmering styles. Mismatched dresses
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. We can't quite call him a \wedding singer
Watch the animated video above to see Curry's sweet advice for his newlywed friends. Then, click through the slideshow below
Couples and their guests often comment that their wedding has been the best they have ever attended. What makes the difference? Each ceremony is personalized for the couple. It is their day.
We're used to seeing some pretty awful (read
Jack the dog made a name for himself earlier this year thanks to his ability to balance household items -- a frying pan, an
After just three days, they were engaged. Ten days later they were married. Watch the video above for more of their adorable
Summer may be winding down, but the love between our readers who tied the knot this weekend is still red-hot! Click through
This article originally appeared in Wedding Ideas magazine. 6. Present like a pro. Pause for effect-- your audience needs
At most wedding receptions, the main entertainment is in the form of a DJ or band. But what about guests who don't like to dance?
This is tricky because it almost always comes from people you're friends with, but don't necessarily want to invite to the
[H/T Angry Asian Man] Click through the slideshow below to see our favorite proposals of all time. Paul brought his girlfriend
It's totally normal to have doubts after you THINK you've found your dream wedding dress -- and (dun dun dun dun) handed over your plastic. What if you hate it when it arrives? What if you find something better?
Sunday night's MTV VMAs were nothing short of saucy -- an adjective not often associated with weddings. But there was still
The hours leading up to your wedding are precious, as they set the tone for the rest of your Big Day. And while everyone
Wedding reception decor ideas Find the perfect princess wedding gown Stylish and elegant wedding flats By Kellee Khalil for
My observations have allowed me to identify three mistakes most brides make when planning their weddings. Our job as planners is to stop them when they start heading in the wrong direction and give them the tools they need to avoid the following pitfalls.
5. You're using pre-printed labels on the invitation. Wedding etiquette is a tricky subject. Even if you think you're following
According to Emily Post, there are cherished traditions and wedding etiquette, but she never said anything about \rules.\ There are no real \rules\ that need to be followed when planning your fabulous fete. Other than of course, making it legal.
Any bride who's stayed up until 2 a.m. trying to pick the perfect font for her wedding invitations can probably relate to Kelly Clarkson, who just announced that she's scrapping her elaborate wedding and eloping instead.
Your wedding day is made up of big moments -- the first kiss, the father-daughter dance and the best man toast. But the small
A good wedding photographer will capture all of the designated \big moments\ -- the first look, the first kiss and the first
The actress recently told Celebrity Wire that she once suspected Thicke of cheating (before they were married), and went
If your relationship cannot even withstand a discussion of responsibilities and shared expectations, you have no hope of surviving real challenges as they come your way.
Click through the slideshow below for some of the most interesting findings from The Knot's annual Real Weddings Study. If
After the whirlwind of planning a wedding, the honeymoon is a much-needed and much-awaited break from reality. But if you
Is your friend engaged to someone who is \medium racist\ or \uses the word 'feminist' as an insult\? We're sorry to hear
While many couples choose to recite standard wedding vows -- for example, \To have and to hold, 'til death do us part\ -- some
If you thought that \Are you hiring a wedding planner?\ was a \Yes\ or \No\ question, think again. There is a happy medium between hiring a full-service planner and winging it all on your own, and that is the day-of coordinator.
See more vintage wedding ideas More from Lover.ly
On Wednesday, Kelly Clarkson announced her plans to elope with fianc\u00e9 Brandon Blackstock, canceling their previously planned
Being privvy to a friend's most intimate moments is part of the draw.\u00a0\One of my favorite parts of being a bridesmaid is
Everyone gets caught up in the destination of a vacation. \Oh, we're going to ________.\ It sounds impressive. It sounds
Photo Credit
Couples that communicate openly and effectively tend to have stronger, more successful marriages. And some conversations
Red hot red wedding ideas Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. By Kellee Khalil
Clarkson and Blackstock began dating in late 2011. Clarkson announced her engagement on Twitter Dec. 15 writing, \I'M ENGAGED
Long Islander Mike Nelson has got to be one of the most romantic flight instructors in New York. The proposal wasn't a complete
The build-up to the ceremony can be especially emotional. We've compiled some amazing photos that convey everything a bride and groom may be feeling before they walk down the aisle, from extreme giddiness to bittersweet nostalgia to paralyzing nerves.
My wife and I rarely argue, never fight, and are genuinely each other's best friends. The one thing that we have recently realized though, is that we don't really communicate everything that is on our mind or bothering us about the other person.
When I got married, my biggest fear was that it could fail. I love my husband dearly, and I had all kinds of confidence about
Amber Rose and Wiz Khalifa celebrated their marriage Sunday night with a big party (they officially tied the knot July 8
Experts say you should always discuss money, religion and kids before tying the knot, but what other important pre-marital
In a video uploaded to YouTube Sunday, the video blogger pops the question to his girlfriend of six years, Lindsay Doty, on
Breaking News | Celebrity News | More ABC News Videos Reality TV marriages aren't exactly known for their staying power. But
Writing your own vows, Lois Kellerman says, is like making homemade cookies. \u201cIf you can find the right ingredients, the
If you're a plus-size bride shopping for a gown, experts suggest looking for a dress that flatters your body type -- \Top
Society, the male species included, needs a better, more accurate view of men and what they truly want from their mate -- both when the clothes are on and when naked.
Xochitl Gonzalez -- etiquette expert, wedding planner and HuffPost Weddings blogger -- is here to help us figure out this
What if your friends day drink and have a meltdown because they're single and forever alone? What if your maid of honor's dress is too tight and she bails the morning of? If you elope, you can avoid all of this stress. You remove the opportunity for other people to take away from the beauty and happiness of your wedding day.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. But this isn't the first super-sweet storybook
Talking about your shared future also helps reinfuse the relationship with that element that so often goes missing in periods
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. The \Soul Surfer\ author got engaged to Dirks
Bethany voiced an old desire, tabled in the face of their debt, to stay home with their kids. Dustin told Bethany that he
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. By Kellee Khalil for Lover.ly More from Lover.ly
But she discovered she was relieved, too. \I wanted him to be feeling like he was doing what he was cut out to do,\ she said
Wedding dress ideas for every style Summer's cool alternative to the classic little black dress, the little white dress will
\Having both of us at home let us work through thoughts and feelings as they came up. My employer was tremendously supportive
Not that anyone needs to remind you, but wedding planning can suck. So it shouldn't surprise you that there's a book out called Planning Your Wedding Sucks.
Feeling frisky? Even brazen? Even if you can't make it to the beach or the pool during the day, slip into your swimsuits
In order to spread the exciting news forget the phone chain that your mom is planning and create a wedding website filled with all the information you're dying to share and your guests can't wait to read -- like how much of a discount you can get them at the hotel?
Soon after she was diagnosed with Crohn's disease, which causes inflammation of the lower gastrointestinal tract. She was
You might just be surprised exactly how good you truly do look underwater. Some of the most romantic images are captured when you aren't trying to look good
What is it about tying the knot that suddenly gives people license to ask you whatever they want -- no matter how prying
What a honeymoon should include
Over the years, lingerie specialist Susan Nethero of myintimacy.com has fitted hundreds of brides. Read on for her sage advice on shopping for the best wedding undergarments.
At the end of June, the Supreme Court overturned the Defense of Marriage Act, marking an historic victory in the fight for
Whether you think the idea of having six thousand photos taken of you on your wedding day sounds kind of fun or totally frightening
During the stressful wedding planning process, the light at the end of the tunnel for many brides and grooms (besides a wonderful
No one said you have to keep your shoe choices traditional on your wedding day. Brides and grooms are getting bolder when it comes to their footwear.
Let's be honest
Well this is a bridal party! Unable to say \no\ to all of her nearest and dearest, Katie Dalby, who married fireman Norman Gooch in Harwich, Essex, last Saturday, walked down the aisle with a staggering 80 bridesmaids in tow.
You'll also get a unique view of your wedding, a view that no spectator can capture, a view that not even the bride and groom
How To Do Eye Makeup For 5 Kinds Of Summer Dates What's better than a date night at the movies? Try a date night inspired
Get more vintage wedding ideas By Kellee Khalil for Lover.ly Floral crowns for brides With flowy embroidered wedding dresses
Below, 10 beautiful same-sex weddings photos. Wedding showers and bachelor and bachelorette parties are heterosexual traditions
By Cindy Pearlman for YourTango.com Ryan Reynolds (Finally!) Talks About His Marriage To Blake Lively YourTango
Creating a memorable wedding can be overwhelming, especially when it seems like every event you see on Pinterest or in magazines starts looking exactly the same.
Engagement photo shoots aren't popular with everyone -- many people find them cheesy and forced. But no one has made her
Perhaps triggered by Sean \Don't photograph this giant fucking spectacle of a wedding LOOK AT ME DON'T LOOK AT ME\ Parker's
The day after the wedding is full of almost as many emotions as the Big Day itself -- happiness, relief, exhaustion and even
Isn't it better then not to try to live vicariously through someone else's moments in an attempt to emulate the wonderfulness they may have experienced, but instead, live your own moments?
6. You WILL check social media to see your friends' wedding pictures. And you WILL get an IM from your mom wanting to know
Zahra could have never known that when she entered a contest on Travel Blog California, she was about to win the best prize of her life.
7. Successful couples never stop dating. That was one of the \secrets\ of a happy relationship uncovered by Matthew Boggs
Tying the knot is tearing friendships apart. As weddings balloon from simple ceremonies into extravagant affairs, the stress
The bridal parties at this weekend's Big Day celebrations were extra special
Below, our readers weigh in on the best way to request a vegetarian/vegan meal option if one is not offered on the RSVP. Keep
The Big Day is full of beautiful moments and so many emotions, but it's hard to remember them all when the day goes by so
Bridal party gifts your friends will love More from Lover.ly
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. \The Man of Steel\ is back this summer, and
Watch the video above for more on the hottest dress trends (and click here to see the full segment), then click through the
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. We love uncovering old photos of famous people
Still, they are grateful for their luck in life and love. Being kind and not sweating the small stuff were running themes
In need of some invitation inspiration? Check out real wedding invitations in the slideshow below. Keep in touch! Check out
After Usher's son, Usher Raymond V, nearly drowned in a swimming pool recently, the mother of one of the men who rescued
I had been told once that it was good luck for the marriage if it rained on the wedding day. As I was growing up, I always
DEAR MISS MANNERS
It looks like any other Instagram account. A foamy, pink cupcake perches on the corner of a delicate saucer. A pair of pedicured
Gilford, who played quarterback Matt Saracen on the NBC drama, and his bride married in Napa, Calif. on December 29 in a
My mother-in-law, being the Italian mom that she is, made me feel a part of the family almost immediately, over 20 years
One-night stands can sometimes leave you feeling great (rebound sex, anyone?), and other times you might feel empty and unfulfilled
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest.' Click through the slideshow below for then
Disrupt the traditional -- and dare we say dreaded -- task of writing thank you notes by creating a confetti-filled package for each guest. Include a Mad Libs thank you card and a photo strip from the reception. Who wouldn't want to open that note?
Amy Paffrath and Drew Seeley have just tied the knot. Amy is an actress and TV host appearing daily on the Hollywood Minute
My mother, unfortunately, didn't live long enough to be a mother-in-law to my husband as she died when we were dating. She
After you say the words, \Till death do us part,\ it becomes a goal to work towards. - Mitchell Maged Regardless of how well
We can thank our ancestors for conceiving and preserving these memorable moments. But what about wedding traditions that were handed down, generation to generation, only to eventually segue into oblivion? Why didn't they stick?
As my bride Stephanie Nieves-Sanchez-Moyer (did you decide to hyphenate that, Steph?) has explained to me, she was my \original
Colleen Carney, director of Ryerson's Sleep and Depression Laboratory, told the CBC, \u201cPeople will say they sleep better [together
For more on why sex is so important, watch the video above (and click here to see the full segment), then click through the
Wondering how to entertain little kids at the reception? You don't need crayons, stickers or bubbles -- all you need is a
Desiree Hartsock got engaged to Chris Siegfried on the Monday night finale of \The Bachelorette,\ and on Tuesday morning
Instead of spending time trying to cover up their tattoos before their weddings, more and more brides and grooms are now
As promised, you didn't have to watch \Wedding Island\ to learn something in today's blog.
Hardy and Meichtry began dating in 2005 after meeting at the World Championships. The pair got engaged in March 2013 in Malibu
Our readers who got married this weekend started out the month of August on a very high note, tying the knot in beautiful
Expressing your love on paper may seem daunting, but it's easier than you'd think. Let us count the ways...
From weddings to babies, we can't help but wonder about the tangible effect of royal events on the lives of everyday people -- specifically wedding style and economics.
Shopping for a wedding dress can be an exciting (and stressful) endeavor for any bride. But it can become daunting when the average American woman wears a size 14, yet many bridal stores cater to a size six and don't carry gown samples in plus sizes.
Click through the slideshow below for 13 furry wedding guests that are guaranteed to bring a smile to your face. Credit
4. Don't be bossy with your bridesmaids. 3. Don't include registry info on invites. 10. Don't bow to bridal peer pressure
5. Incorporate personal pieces from your childhood into your ceremony and reception.Having your officiant read your thoughts
Most people believe you cannot disinvite a guest once invitations have been sent. But it happens. Life happens. Unforeseen events happen. Friendships tank.
Find the perfect princess wedding gown The round-cut diamond is the most popular engagement ring cut, and for good reason
Let's face it, nearly everyone has gone digital. Right now, your seven-year-old nephew is probably tweeting about the Little League World Series, your aunt is commenting on your Facebook status, heck, your grandma is probably even calling you from FaceTime!
Not a big fan of traditional wedding cake? No problem! Couples are coming up with all sorts of alternatives to wedding cake
These sweet and refreshing recipes for ice cream, sorbet, and granita will pair perfectly with your wedding cake.
One of our favorite trends in destination weddings? When couples opt for the post-wedding \Trash the Dress\ photo session
But there was one guest the singer didn't expect to see at her wedding -- a remote-controlled drone. Turner and Bach have
Warning
Picture yourself walking down the aisle to the sound of crashing waves and the ocean breeze blowing through your veil? You've come to the right place -- these light and airy wedding dresses are fit for a beach goddess!
Have you ever wondered what you would do if your spouse was disabled by an illness or injury and was no longer able to have sexual relations with you?
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. The couple got engaged in April 2011 after
It was a wonderful night. It was filled with love and happiness, and everyone seemed to have a really good time. No one seemed to miss any of the usual traditions, no one scoffed at my wedding dress, everyone loved the kids singing.
Same-sex marriage became legal in Minnesota and Rhode Island, the 12th and 13th states to recognize marriage equality, at
More and more brides are opting to take an additional plunge into the unknown after the big day. Trash the dress or \surf the dress\ photos are increasingly in demand as a way to keep the celebration going well beyond your wedding day.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Photo by
Whether you're getting ready for a multicultural wedding or you simply want to offset that ornate sari you wear during the ceremony with a sleek and modern look for the reception, there are endless opportunities to include a elegant white gown to any South Asian wedding celebration.
First off, congratulations. You're engaged and now you and your husband or wife-to-be can start preparing for what should be the happiest day of your lives.
Love is a curious thing. Everybody expresses it differently. Hiring a gaggle of young dancers from the local ballet academy
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Elegant white and ivory wedding details The
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. \u201cYou heard it here first,\u201d Denzel said. \u201cShe
\The rest was history after that,\ Mika said. Watch the video above for more on his awesome, albeit delayed, proposal. And
Jackman shared one of his secrets to a successful marriage with Good Housekeeping earlier this month, saying, \The bedrock
Girl gets engaged. Girl goes on juice cleanse. It seems like these days the first piece of wedding wisdom given is related to weight loss. A popular question I've been asked by brides is \Should I do a wedding juice cleanse?\. So I dug down and separated fact from fiction.
You really only \have\ to wear it until you're married, then it's your choice between wearing both the engagement ring and
Of course, her red carpet moments are no less fabulous now that she's a married woman, but some things are different. These
As I make my way to a wedding (that I am attending, not planning) I can't help but think about all the shit that really pisses me off about your wedding guests, bridey.
What does it mean -- for something to hit the spot? Makes sense in the game of darts, landing from a parachute jump and an archery competition. But can we apply it to good or even great sex? We think so. Know so.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Find the perfect signature cocktail Delicious
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Myth 3
The photo isn't about the thing you see. It's about what others missed seeing in that moment that they ought to not miss. Don't create your wedding or its moments for the photos' sake. The photos should be created for the wedding's sake.
He says I still have that new bride smell. That man I exchanged I do's with almost 26 years ago... the man I promised to love and to cherish, to honor and cook for, and to continue to laugh at his potty humor until death do us part.
Many old wedding traditions are great and should not be completely dismissed. So, when you are about to try something new for your wedding planning, take a step back and think about whether or not you are still acting in the spirit of that tradition.
The rules of wedding etiquette are constantly changing, making it difficult for modern brides, grooms and guests to find
Do you have a mother-in-law or a daughter-in-law who says she is \fine\ or who says nothing at all, but then starts in with obvious pouts, loud, heavy sighs and those undermining \accidental\ oversights? No matter what she says or doesn't say, her actions are screaming the real truth
With the arrival of wedding season comes honeymoon season, the time where we all drool over photos of our friends relaxing on an island in Bora Bora or floating down a canal in Venice, Italy.
Click through the slideshow below to see photos of Ricci over the years. Ricci also revealed to People that a friend designed
Rain or shine, our readers who tied the knot this weekend made the most of their Big Day celebrations without letting a little
11. Make sure there\u2019s always enough food and drink for everyone throughout the day. It\u2019s a long day for guests, especially
By Piyali Flugstad My Mom and mother-in-law were absolutely indispensable during the planning process. At the time Jon and
For every gorgeous, romantic, smiling photo from your wedding day, there's another equally amazing (but less polished) picture
When she went to look for it the next morning, she discovered her car had been broken into and the camera was gone. Jordan
\u201cMany of the women we spoke to thought that changing their last name after marriage to their husbands\u2019 conformed to a patriarchal
You've been dating an amazing girl and you can see yourself being with her for the long haul -- but how do you know if she's
Wedding season is upon us once more and, while dressing up and having champagne with your friends is always fun, being reminded
Click through the slideshow below for six celebrity weddings (including Clarkson's) that we're really looking forward to
I had given her a mix tape, and I chose tunes that lived in my heart. Buddy Holly, Sandy Denny, Tom Waits, Nick Lowe, Kate
Gene loves taking his wife on The Racer -- his favorite roller coaster -- and holding her hand while they ride. And even
Click through the slideshow below to find out the great length's Equinn0xX went to to make this nerdy, but awesome proposal
It may not be an ideal situation, but some spouses are now entering into \commuter marriages\ -- an arrangement in which
\There is no right or wrong answer. To create a somewhat stress-free affair, follow your heart and desires. Keep in front
One Baltimore couple proved that dogs really are a part of the family. Click through the slideshow below for 13 adorable
When grown women begin removing their high heels and taking off their earrings as a group, there's gonna be a throw-down.  Somewhere in the back of my head, I know that.
Want to guarantee an invite to weddings beyond the one you're attending this weekend? Acting the part of a gracious, respectful guest is step one. Here's a cheat sheet for charming the bride and groom.
Classic weddings we love By Kellee Khalil for Lover.ly We're big fans of one of 2013's hottest wedding dress trends
6. \Vogue\ - Madonna It's practically impossible to get ready for any event without at least one of Madge's classics playing
Click through the slideshow below for 11 outfits (illustrated with stock photos) that you won't believe somebody actually
Three years later, the now-married and ever-positive Friedman is still on the road to recovery. But her efforts were stalled
The \First Look\ photo is one of the most powerful pictures taken at a wedding. Whether the marrying couple sees each other
You can even have some fun assigning guest rooms, since the 110 rooms are also themed. I'm talking all-out \Safari,\ bubblegum
What if we could embolden ourselves somehow, to reach out to those we love for all we're worth, to touch the spirit and soul of our closest ally, our wives, our husbands?
A typical wedding RSVP card usually gives guests the option to check one of two boxes
5. It's all about the details. With all the wedding inspiration out there, it's hard not to get caught up in all the little
When making the decision on whom to hire, ask yourself if they are the type of person that you can trust. Will you be able to let it all go on your wedding day, and trust that they will get it done?
\I have the dress and I love it!\ she said. \This one was it, I knew right away. It's classic and ivory. It's got some modern
Forget the bar scene! According to a new survey conducted by online dating site Cupid.com, weddings may be the perfect place
A wedding dress is one of the most expensive sartorial purchases a woman will make, so it's no surprise that brides sometimes
Here\u2019s an estimate of what you\u2019ll need for 100 guests
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. In 2011, the Pew Research Center found that
Slower work schedules and sunnier skies make summer the right time to take that much-needed vacation with the one you love
Here at HuffPost Weddings, we're all about celebrating unique and innovative ideas in the wedding world. In this series, Wedding
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Last November, we told you about the incredible
Smartphones at weddings are a blessing and a curse. Guests can use their phones to take photos and videos of your Big Day
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. More ideas for wedding lighting Endless ideas
In a video posted to YouTube earlier this month, northern California bride Jesse Draper walked down the aisle with her dad
\I've only been married just under two years, so I get a lot of fluff about how I'm in the 'honeymoon phase.' While this
We have a feeling Siskel and Ebert would have given these wedding invitations two thumbs up. [H/T Laughing Squid] Keep in
Editor's note
The bride wore red. And violet. And cerise. And gold. To my mind, there's nothing quite like an Indian wedding to remind the Western woman that she has forgotten how to be gorgeous.
\When she showed up and figured out where she was, I could tell it hit her and she knew what was going down,\ Bush said. \Tears
Planning a wedding is stressful enough as it is -- just think of all the decisions the couple must make about the date, the
Choosing the right venue for an elopement, like any wedding, takes much consideration. A Las Vegas elopement in a chapel officiated by an Elvis impersonator is a good choice for some couples, but not all!
As the day of our wedding clicked closer and closer (and there was a lot of clicking \u2014 we were engaged four and a half years
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. The Rev. Bruno Maggioni is making a name for
As children, many of us dreamed of having a treehouse to call our own -- a place to escape to alone or with friends, where
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Take it Easy Throw back to Junior High, and
Where did we go wrong? Apparently, the concepts of understated elegance, respect for personal property and \less is more\ are archaic and trite. These days more is more, and excess is even better than more.
It seems that our culture is perpetually stuck in the stage of life called adolescence, and the corresponding mindset seems to be accelerating at an alarming rate. The problem arises when these attitudes and behaviors continue into adulthood, and it becomes especially limiting when this mindset overflows into love relationships.
With the increasing prevalence of Pinterest wedding boards (and stories about the women who love them), we figured a majority
More from Lover.ly
Photo credit
Marino's partner of 20 years, producer Alex Schechter, came onstage during Marino's show at the Quad Resort & Casino earlier
After Natasha Samuel and Daniel Yakcobi married on a beach in Israel in May, Samuel and photographer Eric Simantov staged
What kind of deep love and connection happens inside this bubble, \Love Bubble?\ We have some thoughts. We create love. It
Andrews told HuffPost Weddings in an email that Taylor did a double-take as she ran by the table, before realizing that it
The Better Sleep Council reports that 79 percent of women would rather get a good night's sleep than have sex. Why is this? One reason may be that it's not so much that women are looking to avoid intimacy, they're just not seeing it as valuable as sleep.
Brides, I'm not a baker. So when I was invited to take a professional cake-decorating lesson from the pros at Carlos Bakery in Jersey City, New Jersey -- where the hit TLC show \Cake Boss\ is filmed -- I leapt at the chance to learn from fourth-generation baker Buddy Valastro.
\The bedrock of any relationship is to communicate, and Deb and I have always done that, discussing whatever's going on, good
A lot of brides are booking boudoir photo shoots before their wedding and surprising their grooms with a very intimate wedding-day gift. Finding the right photographer, venue, outfits and even props -- they don't have to be of the 50 Shades variety -- can be quite a challenge.
A new study by dating website WhatsYourPrice.com found that 48 percent of women and 73 percent of men surveyed said they
It's not difficult to misplace (or even lose) your engagement ring. After all, it's a tiny piece of jewelry that you frequently
Cleo and Eric married two years later and I was an envious bridesmaid at their wedding, getting a little too drunk and making
I know this sounds obvious, but it is surprising how many unhappily married couples will report that, during their wedding celebration, they did not spend much time together.
It is July 14, 2013, and my dear friend is getting married today. Like me, he's in his mid-40s; unlike me, and almost all of our peers, he's never been married. Not even close.
When it comes to wedding colors, navy blue is always a good choice. It's as classic and flattering as black, but it may actually
It's no secret that weddings are expensive, so anyway that a couple can cut down on the final bill is always ideal. One of the easiest ways that couples can cut the cost includes watching their spending on wedding stationary.
This article originally appeared on HowHeAsked.com There are few feelings better than reaching the top of a mountain, standing
Over the last 100 years of movie history, our favorite onscreen couples have given us a lot of advice about what it takes
iSquirt6 also posted her favorite photo of her grandpa and his wife wearing the outfits on their wedding day. The loss of
\While Derek and I love the more traditional (a.k.a. attractive) photos we used on the website and will use on the save-the
Did you know that the first gay couple to apply for a marriage license in the U.S. did so in 1970 in Minnesota? Jack Baker
One New Brunswick, Canada man gave his girlfriend quite a scare before finally popping the question. Keep in touch! Check
When Emily and Matt decided to get married, they wanted to do more than just have a wedding. On a day where all eyes are
Tradition dictates that it's the bride's father who walks her down aisle during the wedding ceremony. But what if you don't
4. Have proper expectations. Know that going through a let down is a possibility. When you are prepared for something, if
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. From Aria via Lover.ly Burberry Peep Toe Pumps
Exfoliating facials, airbrush makeup, false lashes and more tips for your big day!
After Matt Still's movie trailer proposal went viral in 2011, many couples have gotten engaged with the help of a homemade
Click through the slideshow below to see eight gorgeous multicultural weddings. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings
Your wedding day is whatever you want it to be. Pick a weird theme. Make friends wear an ugly dress so you look prettier
Bridezilla. A term every bride is familiar with and a person wedding party and guests often are terrified of.
Editor's note
You don't have to know the difference between a black tie and a white tie wedding to know that there are certain things you
A study released Thursday by Wedding Paper Divas found that the average guest shares 22 photos of the event on social media
Yes, you can see the photos in which you're tagged or that are in your hashtag, but you can't actually download them (without some serious hacking). Lastly, what are you going to be able to do with those low-resolution square photos?
The first time my mother pulled out food stamps in our local supermarket, I was confused. She had just bought me a new Kate Spade bag -- a gateway purse for any girl growing up in our wealthy enclave of Long Island. Could we really not afford cheese?
We know that there are some brides out there who purposely choose ugly bridesmaid dresses, but for most women, that's not
For the past few years, animal-rights activists have tried with increasing success to get shark\u2019s fin soup taken off the
When Steven Tyler walks by your wedding reception, what do you do? You invite him to join the fun! Roseman told ABC News
We don't always (OK, almost never...) turn to celebrities for marriage advice. But when it comes from some of Hollywood's
By 2016 most babies will be born \out of wedlock\, a phrase so archaic that you might as well just condense its sentiment
Event planner Colin Cowie is quite the expert when it comes to parties and over-the-top affairs. The NYC-based Cowie has
While your guests will obviously be thrilled to see you get hitched, they're also putting in a lot of time and money to celebrate with you.
\u201cWe didn\u2019t think about a videographer until it was too late. I wish I had someone capturing the speeches!\u201d - Victoria \u201cI
This blog post originally appeared on secondcitynetwork.com. DO be happy. As much as we single sad sacks want to believe
Click through the slideshow below for 10 romantic gestures from our readers. She loves her husband more than Reddit love
The father of the bride, Glen Boey, said the thief staked out the wedding and snatched the gift box after the ceremony while
Click through the slideshow below for more weird wedding superstitions. Darcy Miller, editorial director and celebrations
Although they will accept any amount, the couple will send free treats from Cake Pops and Company in exchange for donations
Donning my first gown, I sashayed out to the center of the fitting room where several BHLDN staff lounged on vintage sofas
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. In one experiment, researchers surveyed 78
A black tie dress code calls for sleek silhouettes and spot on accessories. Rule to remember? Nothing above the knee. Read
For the past few weeks we have been living in the midst of what is known in certain circles as \u201cwedding season,\u201d the time
Etiquette rules for wedding guests are basic and fairly obvious -- be punctual, polite and above all, have a good time. Yet
If you're a DIY bride, you've probably already added \arrange wedding flowers\ to your to-do list. New York School of Flower
Today, weddings are all about personalization. Rather than choose a \theme,\ most couples want their big days to be as unique as they are and hope to fill their event with details that will make their wedding special -- not to mention stand out from the rest.
We've all seen flash mob marriage proposals. But this is the first time we've heard of a flash \blob\ proposal. As Kelly
\If your event will be indoors at night with flash photography, you want to choose your products that are SPF free,\ Bauce
If people know how much you love your dogs, it's likely they'll even expect a few \doggie-themed\ final touches on your special day. Here are some great ideas to get you inspired!
A May 2013 survey conducted by Facebook in partnership with the Daily Beast found that as many as 65 percent of married women
By Kellee Khalil for Lover.ly Clean and classic light blue wedding ideas See more striped wedding ideas Great looks for grooms
\Jordan immediately began crying when I got down on one knee,\ Gonzales said. \We had been together for five years and she
....Alrighty then. A simple \Happy for you, dude!\ would have sufficed. But who are we to judge? Maybe he just had a lot
On Monday, the Daily Mail shared photos of the newlyweds honeymooning in Portofino, Italy. The two were snapped cuddling
Of all the many decisions you have to make about your nuptials, your hairstyle will be simple once you explore these numerous
Sparks were flying this Fourth of July weekend -- and we're not just talking about the fireworks! Many couples tied the knot
It\u2019s here! June 21 marks the official, very welcome summer solstice\u2014as well as the moment when our calendars also tilt in
Is reluctance to premarital counseling due to a fear of admitting our lives aren't \perfect?\ Or do we just think it's a waste of time? Read on to get the pros and cons of premarital counseling from therapists, counselors and family-law experts who outta know!
Saturday was National Kissing Day, and in honor of the occasion, we asked our readers to send us their best photos of themselves
\The Last 5 Years\ will be released in early 2014. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest
Saying \I do\ in the sand? Behold some major beach wedding inspiration with these metallic, bow-tied, and bedazzled sandals!
The prettiest dresses to wear as a guest Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. More
What are you waiting for? Pack your bags, put your shades on and get ready to have the most romantic trip yet. We've rounded
The Fourth of July isn't the only holiday we're celebrating this long weekend -- Saturday July 6th is National Kissing Day
Married celebrities often find themselves in front of tons of photographers at premieres, parties, and on the red carpet
Related
There is one thing that I know about choosing the person that you're going to spend the rest of your life with -- whoever he or she is when you get married, what you see is what you get. You're not going to change them because of some vows and rings.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Today is the day we rejoice in our independence
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. During \The Bachelor\ season finale, Lowe
If you're giving a toast at a wedding this weekend, we're sorry. Because on Saturday, maid of honor Jennifer Gabrielli singlehandedly
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Australian groom-to-be Adrian Gardiner had
Click through the slideshow below to see other celebrities who wore non-white wedding dresses. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost
There are numerous things I never thought I would have to tell people not to do but in many cases common sense is not so common. Here are a few tips you should consider NOT doing when attending your next wedding.
My own romantic relationship may not have been what society at large expected. But as I read those words and champagne flutes clinked in solidarity, I knew my mom and Ray -- and Martin and I -- perfectly fit the description of love I'd tried capturing.
Is this your first time being a part of a wedding party? Are you an old-timer but want some ideas on how to make your role in the upcoming wedding the best possible for the bride? These five foolproof ways will lead you in the right direction to becoming the best bridesmaid ever.
Eastin, 74, and Murdock, 83, were one of the first same-sex couples to tie the knot in Palm Springs after California's gay
A portrait meant to tell a story of a couple feeling romantic love where the mood's meant to be serene, intense or demure, might not be the correct atmosphere that normally prompts a big smile but might more reasonably prompt an expression suggesting their passion.
If you're engaged, then surely you are surrounded by checklists telling you how to tackle the massive task of planning a wedding. But here's what you might be missing
More from Lover.ly
Wedding planner to the stars Mindy Weiss has been the creative force behind the nuptials of Hilary Duff, Nicole Richie and
If the layers of Save the Date postcards decorating the fridge have you sweating bullets, you\u2019re not alone. As plane tickets
With wedding season in full swing, popular video streaming service Ustream has revealed data that webcasts of couples saying
Elaine David and Joy Evans were set to be married in Kauai, Hawaii, in April, but they had a problem
Whether it means getting crafty with your besties or doubling your d\u00e9cor as favors -- a few adjustments here and there can make your wedding day a lot less expensive. So what are you waiting for? Take a cue from these real brides and start clipping those coupons!
When you have to consider the alternate beliefs and traditions of your partner, is it fair to essentially negate their entire religious existence if it's in conflict with yours?
Large diamond retailers offer some truly gorgeous engagement ring options, but their designs aren't always the most unique
If you and your partner are active types, you can waterski, sail or kayak in Grand Traverse Bay, and end the day with a great
I had been in Paris just over a month when a friend came to visit. It was during her first night there that she tried to
See a Movie in a Whole New (or Old) Light Hide Out at Home There isn\u2019t much that\u2019s more American than your friendly neighborhood
Photo by
Remember when couples used to put disposable cameras on every table and invite guests to snap their own wedding photos? There's
Parker said his wedding, which was held on campground land owned by the Ventana Inn & Spa, was \magical,\ \lush\ and \surreal
Every wedding has one
By all means, do your research and become knowledgeable about prices and services in your area so that you don\u2019t regret hiring
Yesterday, Facebook mogul Sean Parker published a 9500-word essay on TechCrunch debunking criticism of his $10M wedding in
After the gavel, comes the chiming of wedding bells \u2026and the ringing of cash registers. Read more on www.cnbc.com
My client's concerns included finding a \gay-friendly\ proposal venue and making sure that the crowds would be accepting of her and her partner showing affection. I was suddenly aware of the fact that I take my ability to just be with my husband in the open for granted.
Straight couples reported having more pre-wedding events -- 22 percent had a bridal shower and 25 percent had a bachelor
Jim and Elizabeth Carroll, stars of WeTV's \Marriage Bootcamp,\ stopped by HuffPost Live Friday and said that porn should
\My boyfriend and I have always been strong supporters of the equal rights movement. However, this support became particularly
\I thought she was going to sit with the sign around her neck in the front and we'd be blurred in the background,\ hayfab
While same-sex married couples celebrate the Supreme Court's rulings this week, they should also make an effort to always stay informed of any additional legal developments that could directly impact their union.
Some brides and grooms may be easy to shop for, others, not so much. Either way, I have put together a list that is sure to please them both and send them on their way to a lifetime of wedded bliss with a collection of gifts that will be effortlessly cool to have in a new home.
I'm recently engaged. I blew all of my rent money, hid the little shiny in my back pocket, and proposed successfully the last night of 2012. The ring doesn't fit quite right and the wedding won't be for another year or two, but none of that really matters after that elusive \yes.\
Is there ever a bad time to admire the wedding photos of adorably in-love couples? We think not, especially when it comes
Wedding dresses have certainly evolved since the 1940s
Thirty-six percent of the women who have started planning said their wedding dreams had scared away members of the opposite
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. If you haven't yet heard of the cronut craze
When you're knee-deep in wedding planning stress, it's easy to resort to some less-than-healthy coping behaviors, like scarfing
After giving it some thought, I've concluded that my dream wedding theme is
Since it's not like you can go on Web MD and search for \Cold Feet Symptoms\, I thought I'd run through some questions to ask yourself in hopes that I may help you self-diagnose. Remember, I am not a doctor, just a wedding expert and former bride and wife.
In March, Details magazine also found that Gosling, Levine and Tatum were top \celebrity hall pass\ picks, along with Zac
This is the time of the year when everyone seems to have questions about wedding etiquette. The following are a few do's and don'ts to help get the wedding season off on the right foot, whether you are going to a wedding in the near future or planning ahead for next year.
Watch performances by Douthit here and Boyd here. Read politicians' reactions to the court's rulings in the slideshow below
June 26, 2013 will henceforth mark a great day in the fight for marriage equality. On Wednesday morning, the Supreme Court
Marriage, as wonderful as it can be, certainly has its challenges -- especially when you throw your relationship with your mother-in-law into the mix.
I'd like you to entertain the notion that maybe, just maybe, a \plugged in\ or \tech-friendly\ wedding could actually be one that your guests (and you!) really enjoy.
11. Confront any fears, stress or concerns you have about marriage -- head-on. With and without your fiance. Because no matter
The Most Unique (and Beautiful) Cakes Ever Move over mason jars! Here's a fresh take on an old-timey wedding theme. More
Ines Di Santo is known for her stunning trumpet and mermaid-style couture gowns, and while every fashion-forward bride would
Because of the couples traveling to make it legal and spending their wedding dollars outside of their home state, there will be increased pressure on the states where it's not legal to play catch up.  After all, they are losing money.
4. Is there something sexual you're afraid of talking about? Do you have secret S&M fantasies? Talk about it now. If you
Dozens of ideas for your wedding makeup More from Lover.ly
Photo by
The summer is a wonderful time to be a bride! The earth is alive with that same exuberant energy that fuels your special day. You've spent months making all the arrangements
The latest WHITE by Vera Wang collection, available online and in-store at David's Bridal, was released Tuesday morning. The
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Over the weekend, we asked our followers on
Last week, Bright sent Westbrook a Facebook message asking him to help him pop the question to Haycraft, NewsOK.com reported
Tracy told the Daily Mirror Sunday that though Bottley only \halfheartedly\ suggested staging a flash mob, she and Gary didn't
Wedding season is here, which means we're frantically searching for the perfect guest ensembles to see us through summer
Our favorite offbeat bridal brand, BHLDN, is opening its first shop-in-shop -- a boutique housed inside Anthropologie's Beverly
Weddings are supposed to be joyful occasions -- there's a reason many brides say it's the best day of their lives. But as
More from Lover.ly
Nobody knew what to do. My father did absolutely nothing. But that has been his strategy for as long as I have known him
If you are a straight ally planning your wedding, it can be hard to ignore the fact that many of your friends and loved ones
\We just want to keep our relationship youthful and fun and show our personalities, and I think the photo really did that
Travolta said he couldn't leave without joking about how large his muscles looked in the photos. Keep in touch! Check out
Groom-to-be Adam created a video explaining his and his girlfriend Taryn's love story and asking her to marry him, JetBlue's
Ben Affleck caught some flak earlier this year when, in the course of his Oscar-night thank-yous, in front of a billion of
Our family unit is not sentimental about much, really, or at least ceremonial -- we don't observe Mother's Day, we don't wrap our birthday gifts to each other or even always manage to present them on time -- but about weddings in particular my feelings could best be described as mixed.
Don't have a date? Don't fret! Going solo as a bridesmaid has tons of benefits -- many of which might make your fellow attendants with dates a little jealous! From paying less to partying more, there are plenty of reasons to embrace going without a date to your friend's or sibling's wedding.
Recent research has shown that Americans are increasingly putting off marriage until they are financially stable, and a new
It's no secret that planning a wedding is a very expensive undertaking for the bride and groom. But being in a wedding isn't
Imagine this
The average engaged couple's profile has changed quite a bit and as a result the things we want and need when get married are different. Simply put, big box stores don't cut the mustard anymore.
The short answer is, it's complicated, according to etiquette expert Anna Post, who spoke to The Huffington Post about the
If there is one lie I have consistently told over the past few months, it's when I've smiled and answered in the affirmative
It\u2019s in The New York Times, so I guess \u201cunplugged\u201d weddings are a thing, at least among the handsome and affluent people
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Click through the slideshow below for more
I had promised myself I wouldn\u2019t become one of \u201cthose\u201d brides. The ones on the TV shows that my mom calls me to complain
When I got married last October, all I heard were variants of \u201cThis is your day. It\u2019s all about you.\u201d These messages made
We've given you the deets on where some of our favorite celebs have wed and where they've spent their honeymoons, as well -- now it's time for round two.
Today June 19, 2013 marks the day my mother and father would have been married to each other for 47 years. My dad passing
But that was not the case for Miami couple Carlos Gato and Rebecca Shackelford, who met by chance at the IKEA in Sunrise
Wedding planning stress is only temporary, but dealing with your difficult in-laws is forever. Your spouse's parents may
For some, the best way to pop the question is to not say a word at all. One man proposed to his boyfriend earlier this year
If the Boston Red Sox hadn't won the World Series in 2004, Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner might never have married. Garner
Hammer and Chambers tied the knot in 2010. Last year, the couple opened a bakery, Bird Bakery, in Chambers' hometown of San
Let's face it
\Being the goofy couple that they are, the bride made a gesture as if to say 'take me, do as you want with me,\ Michel wrote
Bob told the BBC that he already has 11 other tattoos, including \Kelly\ tattooed on his neck. The couple has been together
My friend is not going to uninvite her SIL unless something crazy takes place between now and the wedding day, but it's entirely
In a study by British consumer research group Which? released Sunday, wedding vendors were found to routinely charge more
Click through the slideshow below for 11 tips on how to write the perfect wedding toast. Something old, something new, something
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. \The real heroes here were my models! They
There is so much information out there about planning a wedding -- but how do you know what is right, what will work for you, and more importantly -- what the truth is?
Lauren O\u2019Shaughnessy has boosted prices for her wedding-planning services by about 25 percent since 2009 as the economic
Our readers who tied the knot this weekend gave their dads the best Father's Day present of all -- a wonderful celebration
Wedding season is here, and while you'd rather be spending your summer paychecks on your own vacations and fancy glassware
When it comes to dishing out advice about your love life, you know that dad always has your best interests at heart. Sure
Happy Father's Day to all the amazing dads out there! The father of the bride plays a big role in some of most special Big
Weddings and families. Depending on your family, the very thought may send you into a swoon of happiness or a mad dash for the Xanax. As a wedding photographer, I've seen both responses (and everything in between) played out on notoriously emotion-filled wedding days.
Weddings are a big day for the bride and groom, but they're also a big day for dads. What's more special than seeing your
So with Father's Day here, spend time remembering your loved one and brainstorming uplifting ways to honor him. Nothing will change the fact that the day will be missing a loving face, but you can still love your day.
To all the future bridesmaids out there, don't worry about the dress. You are going to look great. Why? Because you're supporting someone you love.
When Beth announced she had signed us up for a private Crate & Barrel registry event, I shrugged my shoulders and went back to watching The Wire. I figured I would have plenty of time to mentally prepare myself. Oh, how wrong I was. Here are some things for you to consider.
You may have heard that many people meet their future spouse at a wedding, but did you know a wedding is even a better place to score an easy hook-up?
For years, I could not sit through the charming family movie Father of the Bride. Despite its warmth and humor, I would actually leave the room whenever it came on television.
Click through the slideshow below for 21 funny wedding photobombs. We're not exactly sure why a warrior is riding a great
Unless you plan on eloping, cutting down the guest list is inevitably one of the most stressful parts of planning a wedding
Virginia couple Bre and Josh Curtas decided not to see each other on their wedding day until Bre walked down the aisle. But
Historian and author Katharine Jellison told Marie Claire in 2011 that she attributes the rise in \groomzillas\ to the fact
You can read about it in a wedding book, on a blog or in a magazine, but until you've actually gotten married yourself, it's
Posen also said his favorite color scheme is lilac, with other saturated colors like green and even pink added in. Posen
You know your best friend best.  If she can barely pack herself to go on a weekend escape and never gets anywhere on time, you may have unrealistic expectations of her.
US News | Weird News | More ABC News Videos Local news station KABC reported Monday that before Racquel Cloutier headed to
After a long day of primping, picture-taking, celebrating and champagne toasting, it can be tough to get in the mood for
A strong marriage takes work, but the rewards are profound and abundant. Expect constant romance and you kill it, just as too much sugar makes you sick.
Worst proposal ever? Or best? Check it out here. Who knows, maybe this couple has a really cute first-time-we-met story that
Welcome to the age of Pinterest-fueled weddings, where there's more inspiration for upcycling a mason jar than there are
Read more interesting research findings about marriage in the slideshow below. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings
The biggest fight my wife and I had during wedding planning\u2014and, come to think of it, blessedly one of the biggest fights
LA's own Monique Lhuillier is more than just a designer to the stars\u2014she is the designer to the stars on the biggest day
Last night I was showing my daughter our wedding album, and I saw a ghost. There, grinning at me back at me from July 20
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. What do you think of Ruth's gesture? Let us
They are legit solutions that for some reason, are never shared with brides. From day one, my goal has been to make a confident, sexy bride who loves the way she looks and is crazy excited for her wedding. Who knew it started with breakfast?
If I could do it all over again, I would have done it differently. I'm here to tell you what I wish someone would have told me. It's what not to do when picking out your wedding dress.
On Monday, Redditor drocks27 posted photos of her and her wife's matching ink to the site. When you put the two forearm tattoos
For stress-free vacation planning and a trip that's nothing short of perfect, follow this checklist. Designate a Honeymoon
That the Big Day necessitates a big-deal dress is a fact that most brides internalize in grade school.
For whatever the reason it seems that selecting the right favor gives couples some of the most trouble. To help get your taste buds going I came up with five favor ideas that will charm your guests and their stomachs.
I\u2019ve never been what you\u2019d call a girly girl. I was an athlete growing up, not a cheerleader. I started my career as a sportswriter
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Click through the slideshow below for more
Marriage customs have undergone many profound changes in the past few centuries. Contemporary American brides and grooms
I reflected on the things I wish I'd known about or been told about before the wedding. The taboo things, the uncomfortable bits, the parts that you just don't talk about or maybe even the advice I was told but didn't believe. Hopefully they'll help another bride (or groom) to be.
Some of online retailer Etsy's handmade wedding crafts -- beloved by indie brides -- have gone mainstream in a big, big way
Watch more amazing wedding dance videos in the slideshow below. In a video posted to YouTube Monday, Dominique Morisseau
Summer is almost here and our readers who tied the knot this weekend took full advantage of the wonderful weather with sunny
Eight years ago, Shirley Stewart and Berkeley \u201cRashid\u201d Smith met in the frame department of a New Jersey IKEA. And on Saturday
Though the princess married a \commoner,\ the couple certainly has big money between them (O'Neill is a banker). So what
When Lamar and I were dating, he said I had up a wall. \u00a0And if you talk to him about it, he will proudly boast about \u201cbreaking
Last week
Photo by
In a video posted to YouTube Saturday, a bride and groom make their \grand entrance\ at their wedding by ziplining into the
There's nothing that tugs at our heart strings more than a teary-eyed groom at the altar! On Monday, Jeff Bailey posted a
Host Lara Spencer sat down with Brides magazine editor Lauren Ianotti to compare designer wedding gowns from the likes of
This article originally appeared on HowHeAsked.com There's nothing like perfectly capturing that epic moment when a man drops
By Stefania Sainato for Bridal Guide Tasked with throwing an epic bachelorette party? Before you hit \send\ on that group
(H/T Buzzfeed) Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Watch the video above to hear
By Kellee Khalil for Lover.ly It's hard to put your finger on just what separates big-city brides from the rest, but there's
3. Many feel unappreciated by their partner. Take a moment to express your gratitude. The two syllables, \thank you,\ take
\In the off chance that you decide to accept my wedding invitation, I will make sure that you are well taken care of with
Watch the video above (by Portland wedding videography company Moetic) to see their impressive moves. Groom Faheem and his
You'll probably never be photographed in any dress as much as you will be in your wedding gown. So finding something that's
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Leslie Feinberg
Well, this is interesting. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. What do you think
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. If you're looking for the perfect wedding
Most celebrity couples seem to meet in one of two ways
A posed wedding photo from your must-have shot list can be lovely, but it's often the candid photos capturing you and your
For an exotic wedding far away from the hustle and bustle of everyday life, Khayangan Estate in Bali is a great option. Set
By Kellee Khalil for Lover.ly As \cronut\ fever sweeps NYC, it feels like donuts are having their moment. We love the way
Far too often, it's because people jump into marriage thinking that the only thing they need to make it work is \the click.\ Although infatuation does provide a great kick-start to a relationship, it's short lived.
Click through the slideshow below to see our picks for the best proposals of all time. A woman was asked to participate in
Sharing bank accounts is about compromise and trust and knowing that your better half is not taking his half to bankruptcy court.
If you are over budget, which category do you fall into?
There are no rules or paradigms other than the ones that the two of you create and that work for your marriage. But if you're worried about following temptation, I would suggest creating a watertight marriage, which means not putting yourself in tempting situations.
Close your eyes and picture a typical bride. You\u2019re\u00a0probably\u00a0envisioning a\u00a0big white dress and an elaborate bouquet, right
Legend has it that tattooing your romantic partner's name or face on your body means that the relationship is destined for
With the hefty cost of wedding flowers, food, d\u00e9cor, and a gown, more couples are opting to extend the life of their investment
When Courtney Goodings watched her old friend Jaclyn Lusk get married, she didn't have to worry about what to wear or getting
Cheap-Chic-Weddings.com and Charmin announced the winners of their 9th annual Toilet Paper Wedding Dress Contest Thursday
You've chosen your wedding venue, your caterer, and even your band. Now it's time to decide on your cake, and you start doing research and discover that you have tons of sweet options that don't look like a traditional wedding cake.
A night in with your special someone can be fun, but your most memorable times together are usually those spent away from
She reached out to a few of her partners, Amsale and the Affinia Manhattan Hotel, and they were both on board to help us
Click through the slideshow below to see some of the most thoughtful wedding gifts received by HuffPost Weddings readers
Read the entire email over at The Atlantic, and read the CCC's report here. He clarified that because he was merely renting
New York City-based comedian Ethan Fixell was nervous about popping the question to his girlfriend. So he decided to stick
Wedding season is upon us, and if you're a bride-to-be, you know that the second most urgent question behind, \Have you found
John Travolta crashed a wedding in Georgia last week, leaving the couple with an unforgettable memory and great photos (take
Getting hitched in Las Vegas seems to be the kiss of death for celebrity marriages (Britney Spears and Pamela Anderson come
If you've browsed through Pinterest or Instagram any time in the last year you'll know that nail art is huge. Really huge
That Kitchen-Aid mixer you just never sprung for, or that dinnerware set for the \adult\ dinner parties you may finally throw
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. To make the conversation easier, the NFCC
A recent study funded by eHarmony suggests that as many as 35 percent of Americans now meet their spouses online. What's
It just creeps right up every year. It's Valentine's Day and then you sneeze and out comes WEDDING SEASON. I'm attending
Here, the hottest hairstyles fresh from the runway plus tips from the pros on how to get these big-day looks. How to Prepare
When it comes to wedding day beauty, the glowing bride gets most of the attention. But it's the groom's special day, too, and all eyes will be glued to both man and wife during the ceremony.
Even during my years as an editor at a major wedding magazine, my bridal instincts failed to kick in. Sure, I felt the twinge
As a DIY blogger, perpetual crafter, and recent newlywed, I've devised my top six tips for personalizing your wedding... one DIY project at a time.
Whether you're trying to plan a multicultural wedding and looking for ways to incorporate South Asian touches to your celebration, or if you're just in love with the glamour and glitz, we've got five simple and gorgeous ideas that will help any bride add some serious South Asian flair!
As a wedding ceremony officiant in the Hudson Valley for over 20 years, I thought it might be helpful to share an insider's view of some of the best wedding ceremony sites in the beautiful Hudson Valley.
Photos by Paulette Tavormina More from Martha Stewart Weddings
When one looks at the length and strength of a bond based on love, mutual trust, commitment and freedom as the defining elements, marriage and relationships have never been stronger or healthier or more widespread.
Watch the video above for more creative budget advice. Then, click here to see more budget tips from Martha Stewart Weddings
In a video posted to YouTube Sunday, a bride and groom are pronounced husband and wife and share a sweet first kiss. You
The thought of spending thousands on a single dress (let alone on one so specific and extravagant you'll really only get
Check out cute photos of kids at weddings in the slideshow below, then weigh in with your thoughts on including children
Click through the slideshow below to see Dunham's quirky style. The \Girls\ creator shared a photo Saturday of a drawing
It's quite rare that the groom is interested in anything having to do with the wedding planning aside from where he is supposed to be and when he is supposed to be there... Oh, and how much it's going to cost. Yup! That's usually when the groom's get involved.
Although Attebery liked Riggs, he never asked her out since she didn't feel the same way. They parted ways, married other
June is finally here and wedding season is in full swing! Congratulations to all of our readers who kicked off the month
Sure, you've had some steamy makeout sessions with your spouse in your car or in the back of the movie theater, but sometimes
There are a number of worldwide destinations that can deliver the trip of a lifetime without draining your wallet. From postcard-perfect spots in Europe to the exotic shores of the Caribbean, consider these five amazing destinations for an affordable honeymoon getaway.
Here are some date ideas fit for a foursome
June has long been the most popular month to get married -- in 2012, 17 percent of American couples tied the knot in this
While many people consider themselves pet lovers, some people are what the industry refers to as \pet humanizers\
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. It took the group seven tries before they
We picked the brains of four top wedding bloggers to compile a list of 12 of this season's latest food trends. From food
A wedding gift is an opportunity to congratulate the newlywed couple as they officially begin their new life together. While
The Japan Times reported Thursday that the Tokyo District Court rejected a lawsuit Wednesday filed by five people who were
This isn't the first time researchers have made a link between marital status and happiness. In June 2012, a study by Michigan
(Reuters) - A slew of countries and states have recently voted to legalize same-sex marriage, which means new gay and lesbian
Check out other celebrities who are expecting in the slideshow below. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook
Pruyn told HuffPost Weddings that the inspiration for his proposal came from his passion for photography, which has rubbed
She won't be the most conventional of brides, but the details of her dress are not to be revealed, in case her fianc\u00e9 sees this before the special day. I can, however, reveal the details of her makeup. Here's the cosmetic scoop!
New York State of Mind
Congratulations! You're engaged! Now enjoy this moment because it's the last time that your impending wedding will actually be yours. From the first phone call to the last, everybody you love will congratulate you while systematically working together to bring down the happiest day of your life.
At a recent wedding we had the pleasure of executing a very unique \memory lane\ for our bride and groom. The couple along with both sets of parents and the bride's grandparents all had a cake topper from their own wedding day.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. For the many modern couples who decide to
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Click through the slideshow below for 21 hilarious
\u201cWant to jack off together some time?\u201d our friend August said to my husband, Jeff, one night over the phone. He invited Jeff
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Hopefully her boyfriend got the hint! Click
Planning a walk down the aisle can be daunting, but tech-savvy couples can now get a little help from apps on their phones
You finally found your soul mate -- someone who is sympathetic, nurturing, loving and caring. You're ready to tie the knot
Click through the slideshow below to learn about 30 real-life wedding disasters. HuffPost Weddings rounded up some of the
On your wedding day, stand with your shoulders back and your arms held slightly away from your sides. Keep your chin up and your neck long. But remember
Check out Wang's Spring 2014 couture collection in the slideshow below. \There's a real creative proces that goes into it
1. Holding hands
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Dozens of bridesmaids dresses your girls will
If you're planning a wedding, you've probably heard this spiel one or twenty times already
3. Make appointments at several boutiques and one department store. Get asked by everyone if you are going to be on \Say
\Should I set the diamond (or other precious stone) in platinum or white gold?\ From my experience in the diamond business for over a decade, here are my thoughts about the pros and cons of white gold versus platinum.
Parsekian wore the \Paris\ gown by Kenneth Pool and white boots, and her bridesmaids donned vanilla chiffon Amsale gowns
The 2013 Cannes Film Festival wrapped up on Saturday, and the fashion verdict is in
In an age when smartphones with cameras are ubiquitous, almost any wedding guest with a steady hand can act as a photographer
When same-sex marriage was legalized in Massachusetts in 2004, couples from around the country flocked to the state's courthouses
We think we love our partners, but we don't drill down very often on what that means, how to receive it or express it. Love is a verb, not a noun. To make a partnership work for the long haul, you must make your love active.
Click through the slideshow below to see the top five most outrageous rumors about Aniston and Theroux's wedding. The source
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Click through the slideshow below to learn
A video of the fall was posted to YouTube last week, and the Fearons told Good Morning America Monday that one bridesmaid
I'm having a serious problem with women hitting on my husband at wedding events, and I'm blaming it all on reality television. The Real Housewives of New York, if I'm going to be specific.
While plenty of models and actresses opted for relaxed, hair-down looks at Cannes this year, there were a few who went bold
By Kellee Khalil for Lover.ly As we remember the brave men and women who have died serving our country, we can't help but
The groom, who also happens to be a Reddit user, recalled the \epic moment\ he opened the gift on his wedding day
\Breaking Bad\ star Aaron Paul tied the knot with Lauren Parsekian in Malibu, Calif. Sunday. We've loved this couple since
Not many people expect relationships that begin in high school to stand the test of time. It's commonly believed that teenagers
\Bohemian black-tie\? \Farmhouse chic\? Wedding dress codes are becoming increasingly creative and theme-specific, often
Want to get married like Elizabeth Taylor? Now you can! Here's Taylor and Hilton on their wedding day
Couples spend a lot of time, effort and money to make sure their wedding day will be captured the best way possible \u2013 after
It will look really nice if I do it myself. Please brides, trust me on this, it won't. You will regret it years from now if not within the next week. You do not want a floral disappointment!
The initiative is part of the state's Mukhyamantri Kanyadan Yojna (MKY), a program launched in 2006 to help poor women marry
It might seem like big celebrities meet their husbands and wives on movies sets, on tour with their bands or at exclusive
I was married for one week and already felt like an authority on the subject. On April 1, 2013, Christopher and I took the
We all know there are the big moments wedding guests whip out their cameras en masse to snap a picture
The stereotypical picture of married life often looks something like this
San Francisco engineer Ben Kokes proposed to his girlfriend earlier this month with a ring that lights up when he is nearby
Well, maybe. Earlier this month, Target launched a bridal line, Tevolio, available exclusively online. The name comes from
Though critics of same-sex marriage may argue that gay unions will destroy heterosexual marriage, a new article published
Weddings are expensive\u2014I know firsthand. (And I'm speaking from the guest perspective, because I'm decidedly not married
\I know my husband's with me. He had a bright light that wouldn't be put out, and he'll be with me for the rest of my life
The first dance at your wedding may be the most important dance of your life -- or at least the most meaningful. So picking
By Kellee Khalil for Lover.ly Gorgeous green florals for your wedding Fresh spring wedding inspiration Happy birthday, May
If the bride is completely indecisive It's an age-old story
Most people see love and business like oil and water. But marriage is a legal contract. In fact, marriage is the greatest legal partnership most people will enter into in their lives -- and a family is nothing short of a corporation.
Check out some of the geekiest marriage proposals in the slideshow below. Check out photos of the wedding and cherbearblue's
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. As huge as this wedding was, it is dwarfed
Redd then got down on one knee and proposed as the crowd broke into uproarious cheers and laughter. And it looks like the
When I graduated from college, I planned on being the next Diane Sawyer. My hubris took me to a small television station
Alec Baldwin literally swept pregnant wife Hilaria Thomas off her feet at a Cannes Film Festival event on Tuesday -- but
There are many ways to rein in wedding-related costs while still having a memorable event. Here are a few suggestions.
Watch the video above to learn more. Still looking for \The One\ but too busy to find him or her out there in the world? Prague's
Every generation has their share of \How could I have done that?\ kind of trends. Maybe it'll be okay if we make choices as best we can and just hope there's no cell phone camera around at those awkward moments when we assume no one is looking.
Daughters-in-law also reported feeling anxious about their relationships with their mothers-in-law. Mikucki-Enyart studied
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. That was, until Grade 12, when Corey sat me
Of all the things to look for in a spouse, which quality is the most important? That's the question we posed to our followers
Many couples I photograph plan to have some portion of their wedding outdoors. But what if it rains? The truth is that the rain (or even snow!) can actually add to the beauty of the moment and the style of the photo.
Be realistic about how much time you have for wedding planning. Make sure you consider what else is going on in your life, including what your job demands are.
Succulents
From subtle smoky eyes to luscious coral lips to a natural radiance, we give you an array of makeup ideas to complete your
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Click through the slideshow below for bouquets
More from Lover.ly
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Below, TV couples who make us believe in love
\In front of all these people, I'm going to put it all out there. I love you so very much,\ Marucci said. \With every fiber
Pranking honeymooning newlyweds isn't as uncommon as you might think. One couple's friends filled their house with balloons
Last year, a photographer accidentally snapped a photo of a proposal and decided to track the couple down -- and found them
Got a passion for the environment? Put your money where your heart is and get away with your new spouse to a romantic destination where the preserving the natural surroundings is the top priority.
Planning a wedding is all about setting priorities and in my opinion, hiring a high quality photographer is at the top of the must-have list.
Click through the slideshow below for seven amazingly sweet teacher marriage proposals. \Mr. Meiers promises to buy Ms. Racheal
Click through the slideshow below for some of our favorite wedding moments of all time. Jake told HuffPost Weddings that
Last month, Paul asked Ellie Goulding to perform at his wedding, and she said yes! Aaron Paul and fiancee Lauren Parsekian
There are certain things no one tells you when you start planning a wedding. Read more on www.cnbc.com
Andi was sitting on the toilet peeing when her boyfriend bent down in front of her. Read more on www.salon.com
Watch video of the underwater proposal above. For more details, view a \Good Morning America\ interview with the couple, below
Love your wedding band but feel like you want to dress it up just a little bit? Here's one fun option
Someone get this dog in the NFL! Watch what happened next in the video above, and let's all hope pawprints don't stain. In
Then, Alba tweeted, \#happyanniversary #mylove+myheart+mybestfriend+myconfidant ur my everything cash_warren I love u\ and
Our readers who tied the knot this weekend incorporated some seriously quirky details into their Big Day celebrations, including
Wedding plans are all about communication. Getting guests to and fro, directing them from one place to the next, and keeping them informed about activities and events can be a full-time job.
Even if you're nervous, smile anyway. Think about how lucky you are to be marrying your soul mate. Looking scared makes people wonder if you're confident about your decision -- and makes them second-guess why they came out to support you in the first place.
More from Martha Stewart Weddings
90 Percent Of Engaged Women Plan Their Weddings At Work By Natalie Gontcharova for YourTango.com Click through the slideshow
As a kid, who among us did not concoct wild marriage fantasies starring their favorite teen heartthrobs? Whether your bedroom
Flower Girl Goes Flying Via anonymuscles Gettin' Horsey Via PleaseControlYourWhoremones SOS Reaction To The First Kiss Via
Teigen has previously revealed that she'll wear a Vera Wang gown, and Legend said that he may play one of his own songs, \All
A recent conversation about two friends who were enjoying a super second marriage with a bevy of nice kids and grands led to a bit of speculation about later marriage, divorce and why long marriages are going the way of dinosaurs.
Hugh Hefner and Crystal Harris recently made headlines after the Playboy founder gave his 27-year-old wife a rather expensive
The series finale of \The Office\ airs on Thurs., May 16 at 9 p.m. ET on NBC. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings
\The main thing to always remember -- and I think it's important -- you and your partner came first before the kids,\ Alves
The rumor mill has been hard at work stirring up gossip about Jennifer Aniston's upcoming wedding to Justin Theroux. But
What if someone could tell you exactly what your relationship needs in order to thrive?  With water, nourishment, and light, a healthy relationship can turn into an exquisite garden, but how much? When? How? Most people are thrown to the wind when it comes to relationships.
Who says bridesmaid dresses have to be ugly and unflattering? Designers brought their A-game to the Spring/Summer 2014 runways
So what can we expect from Dwight and Angela's Big Day? \Beets. More beets. All of the beets,\ according to the RSVP card
Read more results from the YouGov survey in the slideshow below. Even more women in their their 40s, 50s, and 60s changed
Grooms and husbands, hold onto this list as well -- these rules apply to you, too! More from Bridal Guide
Elegant stilettos might be the traditional choice of brides who want some extra height, but a growing number of those walking
There's good news for men stressing about choosing the perfect engagement ring. The DDB Life Style Study recently surveyed
What do you think of Knightley's bridal style? Love it as much as we do? Let us know in the comments! Knightley stepped out
There's always that one guest at the wedding... the one who has a little too much fun at the open bar and wants to show off
On Tuesday's season finale of \New Girl,\ Cece tied the knot with boyfriend Shivrang in a beautiful traditional Indian ceremony
We love couture gowns and high-end designers as much as the next girl, but we know that many brides don't have $10,000 to
The country couple celebrated their second wedding anniversary on May 14 with some sweet tweets. Happy anniversary, Blake
Another dance teacher got a similar surprise in 2011, when her boyfriend proposed onstage after her recital. Click through
With over 2 million weddings taking place each year worldwide, there are over 2 million opportunities to make mistakes-countless
That wedding invite might say \black tie welcome,\ but what does that really mean? Standard \black tie\ means formal \u2014 men
We all know what a traditional engagement ring looks like
From color palettes to centerpieces to cakes, get tons of inspiration for a summer wedding.
How do guests react to the model? Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Kurt McVey
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. One Canadian woman had to put her puzzle-solving
In this week's edition of Trendsetters at Work, we're back in the Big Apple to check out the ultra-chic offices of The Knot
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Check out 10 of the best proposals of all
Kids may be the cutest wedding guests, but for many brides and grooms-to-be, they are also the most problematic. Last week
Along with the rise of marriage counseling in the 1950s, and a deep-seated fear of divorce, came the idea that marriage is work -- and that it's mostly the wife's job to do it -- and a slew of relationship \experts\ and a multimillion-dollar self-help industry to help us with that.
3. Take Your Date To Work We know it's risque, but it's certainly been known to happen on the show. If knocking boots at
As we start to finalize our day-of wedding timeline, I've been thinking more and more about our first look. My groom and I have decided to incorporate a first look into our big day and here are a handful of reasons why.
From seashell bouquets to starfish d\u00e9cor to exiting your reception on a boat, there are so many fantastic ideas that'll only work at this idyllic setting. Here, get 50 ideas just for you.
One photography fan took a leap of faith when he proposed to his girlfriend last week, and he has a photo to prove it. (h
Summer wedding season is in full swing and couples tying the knot in the next few months may still be on the hunt for the
An audience member at McCartney's concert in Fortaleza, Brazil last Thursday had been holding a sign that said, \Paul, I
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. \We're kinky as hell in bed,\ Rinna told HuffPost
I know when my beautiful, amazing daughter gets married, it will be an incredible time in her life. And I want it to be exactly what she wants. As it should be, I want her wedding dress to be an expression of her style and personality. No one else's should come into play. Especially not mine.
\Our home has 'Halo' memorabilia in almost every room, there is always a stream of pre-orders for the next big collectible
There are a few things you need to keep in mind and prepare for before bestowing the 'dog of honor' title on your pooch.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Tell us
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Cake toppers for every style Not into cake
Couples who tied the knot this weekend gave their moms the best Mother's Day gift of all -- a beautiful celebration filled
Here, the 10 best ways to pull your hair back for the Big Day. Bridesmaids, take note too. Read more on www.harpersbazaar.com
New Yorker Aaron Miller proposed to his girlfriend, Sarah Ellson, (not their real names), in early April at the Dance Theatre
Click through the slideshow below for photos of creative grooms' cakes by Marina Sousa (the cake above is not by Sousa). While
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful moms out there! They're the first people you call when you get engaged, the people
When it comes to matters of the heart, it's true what they say
Although your wedding is a celebration of you and your new husband, we can't pass up the opportunity to highlight some of
Baz Luhrmann's rendition of F. Scott Fitzgerald's classic novel, \The Great Gatsby,\ premiered Friday to mixed reviews. And
Whether you want the perfect authentic complement to your 1920s influenced wedding gown or simply want to make a strong, chic statement with your makeup, this 1920s look is a sophisticated way to ensure all eyes are on you during your big day.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. In the description of the video, posted to
Seven months ago, Luke Medland, an English man who was born without his left hand, was fitted for a state-of-the-art prosthetic
Shelton proposed to Lambert in 2010 in the woods near Lambert's Oklahoma home with a diamond-and-platinum ring he chose himself
It's about a man, whom I knew as a boy, coming out on top despite the narrow minds of our small town that tried to maim him.
Here are some topics to discuss with your spouse-to-be before the big day
Greece's MykonosLiveTV.com spotted the newlyweds strolling the streets of Spetses, a Greek island, days after their April
Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy If any of your guests have smartphones, you can
If you buy a $90,000 car and own it for a year, the cost of ownership is $.17 a minute.  If you buy a $5,000 wedding dress and wear it for 5 hours, the cost of wear is $16.67 a minute.   Yikes.
This might be the cutest best \man\ ever! Redditor thechantiki posted this photo Thursday of the best man at her wedding
We think Klomes had the right idea! Check out amazing engagement photos by Elizabeth Messina in the slideshow below. \I wanted
What better time to take your dream trip than on your honeymoon? From exploring ancient ruins to riding an elephant to never even leaving your hotel room, we've got 10 ideas to get you inspired.
In the midst of all the chaos during wedding planning, immunity might not be the first thing on your mind. But your health should be something you think about in the months leading up to your big day.
Can't afford an Oscar de la Renta wedding gown but still want to include the designer in your Big Day? Now you can! On Wednesday
Watch the video above for more on broken heart syndrome. According to the University of Rochester's Christine Thompkins, \broken
Tell us about the student who won the \Claire Pettibone Award.\ Why did you choose her? After my first visit to the school
They chose to get married at the film festival because Reid is a longtime Bogart buff, with the film collection and Maltese Falcon replica statue to prove it.
You can dress all your attendants in print -- or you could use a print gown as an accent within your bridal party.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. This New York firefighter's girlfriend had
Check out other 2013 celebrity weddings in the slideshow below. Knightley and Righton got engaged in May 2012 after a year
Honey Boo Boo's parents tied the knot this weekend, and their wedding menu has been revealed. No, it did not include sketti
Said the bride, Tamra Sanford
April marks the beginning of wedding season, and we at MC couldn't be more thrilled. There's nothing we love more than designer
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. That's OK, according to columnist Kristi Barlette
Watch the video above for more on Zakar's anniversary surprise. \I figured, why not? I did it 10, 11 years ago. Let me do
Eighty-eight-year-old Jack Wright married 57-year-old Shirlene King Tuesday at the West Los Angeles veteran's hospital, where
Throughout the year, a lot of soon-to-be married couples come to me for pre-wedding stress and anxiety.  This stress can come very close to breaking up the engagement and open up family issues to the point where people go radio silent on each other.
Here is a groom's take on the things that matter most ... and the things that don't.
If I were asked today to boil down what makes the best wedding photography to its most important keys, one the most important factors of all would have to be this
Experts from Kleinfeld Bridal, the salon at the center of TLC's \Say Yes to the Dress,\ stopped by HuffPost Live Monday to
Hi! Thanks for squeezing me in. I know you don't have a ton of time, but I just wanted to give you a few notes on how I'd
While this may not be the classiest groom's cake we've ever seen, it is certainly one of the most unique! Keep in touch! Check
\There's a song on my album that actually could be pretty good for the wedding. It's called 'All of Me' and it's inspired
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Tessa + Ed's Wedding in Stop-Motion | Martinborough
Your wedding day should be a fun celebration for everyone, including you. Stay organized or hire a professional wedding planner to do it for you. Then you'll be sure to enjoy every moment of your big day!
Weddings, like all transitions, are a weeding out process. At these breaking and renewal points where we're asked to shed what no longer serves us so that we can make room for the new identity and stage of life, we're given the opportunity to see ourselves and everyone we're close to under a microscopic lens.
While wearing your glasses for the photos, there are some tricks to minimizing the glare from the flash. Ask your photographer
Move in together, get engaged a year later, marry, have kids. Now, it seems many people are diverting from that path. They are choosing to skip the whole marriage part. This can actually be a big mistake.
Shannon sported an over-the-top camouflage and orange tulle wedding gown. Check it out in the photo below
Our readers who tied the knot this weekend incorporated a little bit of the Cinco de Mayo fiesta mentality into their joyful
Nothing tugs at the heartstrings quite like a little nostalgia.
8. Tina wrote a song for Tarz 2. They moved in together after their first date Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings
Mexico's flag colors of red, white, and green are a traditional option for a color palette, but we love taking color to the
UPDATE
One of the best parts of any wedding is the reception, where -- after a few cocktails -- guests hightail it to the dance
Graceful does and powerful bucks work well for any season and are a nice balance of rugged rustic and sweet vintage styles.
Consider this
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Check out the infographic below, from HowHeAsked.com
Wedding attire requirements
When it comes to incorporating wedding rituals into your big day, it's important to keep things personal. We've rounded up fresh takes on timeless traditions for you to adapt as you please.
Wouldn't you love to learn how to win that argument for once? And quickly?
I always meet with a couple planning their wedding reception and work to come up with an appropriate selection of songs to set the mood and keep the guests entertained throughout the reception.
Not all couples are satisfied with the traditional wedding rings offered by large retailers, so instead they find ways to
One of the most underrated and underused vendor is the videographer. You'll hear brides raving about their florist, their planner and of course they want an amazing photographer, but a videographer is always seen as an added expense.
Life is filled with ups and downs and not every couple can navigate through them. Learning how to deal with stresses before they happen can increase the odds that your marriage will last. Here are five tips on handling the most common stresses you'll likely encounter in the life of your marriage.
With only nude lipstick, neutral eye shadows and subtle blush to highlight the face, a bride's skin is the star of the show this season. To glow like the Elie Saab, Marchesa and Vera Wang bridal beauties, follow this four-step skin routine in the weeks before your wedding day.
This friendly gentleman, Robert, was spotted by author and HuffPost blogger Joel Conarroe at the corner of 6th St. and 8th
The card above is intended to be a joke, but one bride actually sent her guests RSVP cards that had a similarly sarcastic
I have been a horrible wedding guest. I've not sent an RSVP back and still shown up. I've not bought a wedding gift. I've brought a plus one when I wasn't really given that option. And once a friend asked me to be in her wedding, and I never called her back! Then I planned my own wedding.
While the classic white wedding cake will never go out of style, we're saying hello to ombre, metallics, watercolors and more.
I'm not married yet -- that's just a few short months down the line -- but I've already made up my mind.
She said Arend proposed in a \traditional way,\ on bended knee, with flowers all over the house and her favorite song playing
In a survey conducted by Wakefield Research on behalf of national hair brand Joico, 73 percent of American women agreed that
A designer wedding dress doesn't have to cost you a small fortune. Here, some of our favorite new styles that ring in under
After a 40-year separation, two long-lost friends have finally reunited -- but now, they're more than friends. They're husband
Oftentimes, we're as close to our pets as we are to our own family members, so it only makes sense we want them with us when we tie the knot.
Ultimately, you have to remember that you can't please everyone. If you've checked your wedding date with the guests most important to you, you should feel free to schedule it as you like.
Before you say \I Do\ here's some timeless wisdom from two famous brides of the Revolutionary Era that today's brides will want to include in their wedding plans.
A wedding is expensive, but is taking out a loan to cover wedding expenses a viable option for brides and grooms? Maybe yes, maybe no. The answer is not simple.
It's no secret that most eyes are on the bride during any couple's wedding day, but the man of the hour needs some attention too!
For many couples, photography isn't an area where they want to skimp. After all, your pro photographer will be the person cataloguing the day that you want to remember for the rest of your life.
Jennifer Aniston and Angelina Jolie are trapped in another female death match. After competing for the love of Brad Pitt
\It was circling around us into a little circle...as it was doing that somebody was taking a snapshot and it made a heart
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. For wedding gift ideas that don't break the
Click through the slideshow below to see photos of Carey and Cannon's Eiffel Tower vow renewal ceremony. The couple shut
4. \Lighting is out of control.\ Weiss says people are getting a little tired of chandeliers and looking for more interesting
Your prom pictures aren't the first thing you'd think of as inspiration for your wedding photos, but that was the case for
With a little planning and some smart scheduling, having a wedding in a faraway locale can actually streamline the planning
I love going to destination weddings because it's like a forced vacation
My fall into the ring trap began in August 2012, when I first decided to propose.
As mobile technology continues to become more powerful and accessible, it can provide great opportunities to enhance, share and remember your wedding day. With that easy access\nthough comes the danger of going overboard when it comes to technical bells and whistles.
In case the mere promises of spiritual enlightenment and party trick-worthy flexibility aren't enough to get you on the mat, what about the lures of reversed aging, feeling good in spandex and exuding confidence on the Big Day?
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. She also had some wise words to say about
With so much advice flying around, sometimes a bride-to-be just needs someone to boil it down for her. Here are the top ten tips every newly engaged woman needs to read.
She and my father were, at that point, supporting me. I was officially a financial drain, the arty daughter of a hard-working
Copeland concluded the ceremony by presenting the happy couple to the crowd of diners
The \Footloose\ star told Access Hollywood Monday that he still likes the 1984 movie's title song, but he does have one rule
Many couples consider their dogs to be a part of the family. So it's only natural that pups are often invited to join in
Not many people would be willing to search through trash to find a lost ring, but that's exactly what a New York City Parks
It seems like DIY weddings are everywhere these days, and while we love looking at them...we're not sure we'd actually like to plan one ourselves.
There are no hard-and-fast rules. Except one
Mouthwatering.
Our readers who tied the knot this weekend took their Big Day celebrations all around the globe -- from stateside weddings
Prince William and Kate Middleton celebrated two years of marriage on Monday. Congratulations to the happy couple! With many
With the help of bride Becky VanDyke's friends and family, Hunter created a music video to Florida Georgia Line's \Cruise
\For some reason it was a goal of mine, but one that I wasn't working on at all. The time for waiting was over,\ Smith said
According to local realtors Jeff and Cary Lichtenstein, the couple's venue is the \largest tent in wedding history,\ and
IT\u2019S surprising how many people still marry. As everyone knows, it\u2019s a risky proposition; the divorce rate, though down from
For some couples, deciding where to seat narcoleptic Uncle Reginald is the least of their wedding planning worries. Those
When I told Jared I'm bisexual, he couldn't, or at least didn't, hide his discomfort. Read more on www.nytimes.com
Couture bridal designers showed their Spring/Summer 2014 collections in New York last weekend, and while most of the dresses
Creating a guest list is notoriously one of the most fraught parts of the wedding planning process
It's true that bad behavior somehow appears less bad to us when the misbehaving are part of a committed duo. Clyde without Bonnie would just be a heartless killer.
We love helping you plan your Big Days here at HuffPost Weddings, but we're also so happy when we get to celebrate your joyful
For three years, I lived in a miniscule apartment on Beacon Street, less than a mile from the Boston Marathon explosions
To put it simply, times, they are a changing. The new \modern anniversary gift guideline\ (exactly where and when this one came about is a bit hazy) is made to reflect the fast moving world we live in today.
A couple's first kisses as husband and wife are supposed to be romantic and sweet (as demonstrated by most romantic comedies
Nip these six bad spending habits, stat!
9. Elegant Ikat Cake This cake defines elegant ikat style. Dresses, invitations, linens, and more are filling the ikat gallery
But Dane said the inventory taken by the hospital after his mother died didn't list any rings, and the Cremation Society
Check out this infographic from Neomam Infographic Studios, which breaks down everything a nerd needs to know about proposing
Check out more odd wedding cakes in the slideshow below. Inappropriate for a wedding? Probably. (You're sure to scare grandma
If you've entered that phase in your life where everyone on Facebook is changing their \In a Complicated Relationship With
While cash always seems the preferred gift these days, the best ones say something about the life you hope the happy couple
If you think of Forrest Gump\u2019s insane paddle skills whenever you hear the term \u2018ping pong\u2019, welcome to the club. Luckily
The industry's top bridal designers descended on New York last weekend to show their Spring/Summer 2014 collections at Bridal
Dan, the groom-to-be, proposed to his girlfriend Jodi last weekend with the help of some talented singers, who led Jodi around
JP
UK couple Jennifer Jones and Rob Blackmore got married in a zombie-themed wedding, complete with full zombie makeup and costumes
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Click through the slideshow below to see more
What do Adele, Olivia Wilde and Kelly Clarkson have in common? They're all in the middle of planning spectacular weddings
Long was last rumored to be dating actress Kate Mara, but they reportedly split in September 2012. Long also dated Drew Barrymore
\I chose the TV shows by two parameters
Click through the slideshow below to see our picks for the best proposals of all time. The ad read, \Hayley Groves will you
Amid all of the other wedding planning chaos (booking the venue, picking out a dress, creating a guest list etc.), arranging
My life changed forever in more ways than one on Friday.
Lindsey Radoff didn't mean to build a business while on her honeymoon. But one afternoon in 2010 while Radoff, 31, was strolling
Ever since Queen Victoria decided to marry Prince Albert in a lacy, white wedding gown in 1840, Western brides have traditionally
With the beginning of summer comes the onslaught of wedding invitations, and while we love an good excuse to buy a new dress
Basement, attic or back of closet
1. \u201cWe could go out of business before your big day.\u201d Wedding spending tumbled 32% during the recession, from an average
Bad weather aside (because no one wants it to rain or snow on their wedding day), things happen. \Stuff\ happens. Think of possible things that can happen and plan ahead for potential pitfalls or delays.
Watch the entire performance in the video above. Sometimes, the best way to pop the question is through song. Last week, one
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. The Knot spoke with bridal designer Adele
On Friday, Vera Wang showed her Spring 2014 couture bridal collection at New York City's Bridal Market, and wow, was it edgy
Appearing on-air in her wedding gown, complete with the veil, the TV reporter covered the breaking news and interviewed residents
Since that night, I've been on a journey. My beliefs have evolved; my heart has grown; my eyes have opened.
Whether you marry at 19 or 38, there is only one recipe for happiness and contentment and it has nothing to do with age.
It's an age-old wedding etiquette question that's been the source of great debate
In New York City this weekend, top wedding dress designers will debut their Spring/Summer 2014 collections during the semi
Goulding quickly responded, \@aaronpaul_8 ok\ and then, \@aaronpaul_8 um soooo... When is it?\ The \Breaking Bad\ actor, who
But Ganz said Alendrala's weight doesn't matter to him at all, though it isn't always easy for him to understand her point
Norton isn't the only star to opt for a low-key wedding. Click through the slideshow below to see 15 other celebrity couples
This Sunday, Patrick and I will celebrate our first anniversary as married people. I would love to tell you the last twelve
Chic paperless wedding invitations from online companies like Evite and Paperless Post are a draw to tech-savvy 20 and 30
Wedding season is here! Whether you\u2019re celebrating as a bride or guest, here are 24 celebrity looks to get you inspired. Read
Jimmy Fallon can't help being a comedian -- even during Justin Timberlake's wedding. Fallon interrupted Timberlake's speech
Wondering if you and your fiance should take engagement photos? Here's one blogger's case for taking photos before the wedding
Be they 25 or 35, couples who have the makings of a strong marital friendship, who are ready to put aside partying and the PlayStation, and who enjoy the support of friends and family are most likely to go the distance.
\I know that this is unusual and everyone else I've asked has told me the answer is absolutely NOT, but I figured I would ask you
Why Trying on Your Honeymoon May Be a Good Idea 1. What a great souvenir you'll have. Sand in a bottle is lovely, but there's
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. So sweet! Nia Vardalos, married to actor Ian
\u201cI told him, \u2018Hey! You\u2019ve got a job to do!\u2019\u201d Hobson said, according to the Chicago Tribune. \u201cHe started crying.\u201d Keep in
Bledel met her fiance, actor Vincent Kartheiser, on the set of \Mad Men,\ where Bledel played Kartheiser's mentally unstable
This isn't the first time a remote-controlled vehicle has played a role in popping the question. In 2011, a man attached
\Yes!! Obviously! I told him like 3 years ago. But I still cried happysies tears today,\ his signs read. Mike gives his answer
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Planning a wedding is a huge undertaking that
Another sweet love letter, written by a sixth grader, went viral in 2012. Before Facebook posts and text messages, there
Ever since the TV series \CSI\ debuted on CBS in 2000, there has been talk about the CSI effect
On HuffPost Live Tuesday, host Abby Huntsman discussed Reece's remarks with husband-and-wife business team Gene and Julie
But like Blasczyk, Catarella hadn't arrived at the finish line when the bombs went off, so she was directed to an emergency
But don't expect an elaborate affair \u00e0 la Posh and Becks; the Grammy and Oscar-winning singer is reportedly planning a low
Here's another rather odd love letter -- this kid wrote that the only thing that could come between him and his (presumed
The search for your wedding gown can be a daunting process -- some girls love the idea while others can sincerely do without it. As it is, brides have a million things to think about when planning their \perfect day.\ Here are a few tips for you overwhelmed brides.
What does one say when officiating a marriage ceremony? I would not evoke a religious theme, or talk about the sanctity of marriage. I woke a few nights before the wedding feeling inspired -- I would speak from experience, sharing with the intimate group of gathered guests the many reasons \we\ marry.
John Krasinski By Kourtney Jason for YourTango.com Get Inspired
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Johnston and Watling met at a Dallas coffee
Tying the knot this spring or summer? You might want to consider wearing a short wedding dress. Whether you're having a low
Giuliana revealed that she became \obsessed\ with Bill when he starred on reality show \The Apprentice\ in 2004. They finally
The season's most stunning dresses \u2014 some tiered with ruffles and lace, others more minimalist \u2014 are all designed to capture
Click through the slideshow below to see HuffPost readers' own random acts of kindness. The Nordstroms, then twenty-something
It is estimated that just 8 percent of American women will keep their last names after marriage. That's down from a record
The Spotify investor later revealed \Lord of the Rings\ costume designer Ngila Dickson is creating the threads for the ceremony
Remember, it's your day, but if you adopt a no-kids policy, stick to your decision. Make no exceptions, even for your best
\You and Dayvon are the reason I wake up in the morning, try to keep on fighting,\ Redmond said. Watch the video above for
I CALLED IT THE 7:42 P.M. FIGHT. It happened every night when my wife and I gathered to discuss the detritus of our lives
In a video posted to YouTube Wednesday, groom-to-be Rob enlisted the help of the Singing Waiters, a British singing group
Our readers who tied the knot this weekend got creative when it came to their wedding venues -- with celebrations in places
Need some wedding gown inspiration? Look no further than the MTV Movie Awards. Lots of well-dressed celebrities walked the
Rawson told HuffPost Weddings that his mother, who is not a professional cake decorator, made the cake. It took her three
Weddings can be expensive, but you don't have to break the bank.
From the very best (surprise
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Check out HuffPost bloggers' advice for keeping
47 Hilarious Wedding Photos Place Your Bets With Lady Luck Have a little extra cash? Dress to the nines and head to a casino
We met in a bar, made out in a truck, and said goodbye in a dimly-lit parking lot all in one night. Two months later we showed up at a judge's house in suburban Salt Lake City and squeezed each others sweaty palm in silent squeals of disbelief as we exchanged vows.
The rehearsal dinner is a great opportunity to show off your personal style. You can wear a shorter white dress, rock a comfy maxi dress, or go for a fun color or print.
At roughly $21,000 a day during the winter season to rent the whole town out for up to 44 people, including meals and alcohol, I had to know if it was worth it from someone who'd recently experienced it.
You got engaged, you told all your friends, and now you want to hurry up and pick a venue and set your date. You are likely doing this alone, because you haven't hired a wedding planner yet.
When a bride and groom begin to plan their wedding, one of the things they must consider is if they want it to take place indoors or outdoors.
We talked with Grafstein-Ho about how she creates her incredibly realistic-looking bouquets, and the most memorable bouquet
Tying the knot where you met your spouse is one way to make your wedding meaningful -- even if the location isn't exactly
Lavigne and Kroeger got engaged in August 2012 after just one month of dating, and Lavigne recently revealed that Kroeger
Haven't filed your taxes yet? Check out these tips to ensure you and your spouse receive the maximum benefits on your returns, even in the last minute rush to pay good 'ol Uncle Sam.
The countdown to the film release of 'The Great Gatsby' is on -- May 10! -- and we can't wait. The film's trailer has already
I had it all planned out by the age of 12 and tweaked it every now and again for good measure. Well, the time for marriage came quickly in my life.
Do you have an explanation for why marriage rates are dropping? Share it in the comments or tweet @HuffPostWedding. \We've
Money isn't everything, especially when it comes to your relationship. But learning how to communicate and work together on financial issues will help you communicate and work together in other areas of your relationship.
Nothing says spring quite like trees bursting with beautiful cherry blossoms.
One of the most common inquires we get from brides when making consultations is regarding trunk shows and what exactly they entail. For those of you who are new to the bridal world, we'll give you all the details!
Whether you are looking for some DIY inspiration for your big day or want to capture every moment of your reception in real time, now, when it comes to any aspect of planning your wedding, there's an app for that.
For some celebrity couples, it's never too soon to say, \I do.\ Avril Lavigne and Chad Kroeger got engaged after just two
It didn't take long for Julia Louis-Dreyfus to realize that her husband was \the one.\ Louis-Dreyfus and Hall married in
The hours leading up to your wedding should be totally serene\u2014and they will be, if you take care of these six things the
Their guests saw the entire surprise unfold via a live video feed that they watched from the wedding venue, and greeted the
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. 14. In fact, he's willing to try anything
I was a flower girl several times throughout my life, and I still remember it quite vividly
With so many amateur wedding photographers disguised as professionals, finding the right one for your Big Day can be a challenge
Imagine this
Want a centerpiece that captures attention and looks different from every angle?  So do lots of us.  Lucky for you -- the collage centerpiece is a style that is in right now.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Weddings can be an emotional time for the
April 10 is National Siblings Day! In honor of the holiday, we asked our readers to send us a photo with their brothers and
Believe it or not, Marchak and Wunder aren't the first to get engaged with a video game proposal -- one gamer proposed to
Dear best friend, Well\u2026 it\u2019s been one week. Do you feel different? Because I do. Read more on thoughtcatalog.com
Ellie looked stunning in her white strapless dress, yellow sash hugging her waist, which was her small rebellion against
TheKnot.com held a similar live-streamed crowdsourced wedding in February, and earlier this month, the first couple to marry
From color palettes to centerpieces to cakes, get tons of inspiration for a springtime wedding.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Itay and Roni's unusual wedding video, shared
Don't Ask for Money While it's still taboo to ask for money directly, financial registries try to make this less awkward
What does a change in location mean when those who are serving for the red, white and blue go to file their state income taxes?
While the ritual has only gained popularity in the West in the last couple of decades, mehndi has long been an integral pre-wedding ritual for any South Asian bride, dating back to as early as the 15th century.
If you don't typically spend your weekends with your girlfriends bar-hopping, the mere thought of a debaucherous night out on the town may have you pressing panic.
It's usually not about her \last night as a single, virginal woman.\ It's about how after months of seriously emotional wedding planning, she needs deserves to spend a weekend unwinding and doing the silliest, most lighthearted things she and her closest friends can dream up.
\He's very serious. He's so into it. He can be very sentimental, and it's like, what? You don't know how to take it,\ Clarkson
Country music's biggest stars walked the red carpet at Sunday's Academy of Country Music Awards, but some of them looked
If you thought the $28,427 price tag on the average American wedding was high -- think again. Aussie.com.au created an infographic
One of my best friends, who is getting married in San Diego this fall, recently emailed me a copy of her wedding flower invoice to make sure everything was copacetic. I get this a lot
Guests can get very specific in their replies.
Oohing and aahing over a bunch of gifts that are straight off the registry can get a little boring, and the games leave something to be desired. But they don't have to be a bummer.
We asked three planners to work with a Big Day budget of $5,000. Here's how they toed the bottom line.
Maybe don't show these to mom and dad.
10 Biggest Wedding Day Mistakes Brides Make Spring is in the air ... and so is love! Birds are singing, the breeze is balmy
Planning a wedding can teach you a lot -- about yourself, your spouse, your relationships with friends and family -- not
One English couple's wedding was scrumdiddlyumptious! Check out photos from Barker and Low's wedding in the slideshow below
Your wedding is a special day, maybe the most special day in your life, and there is nothing more ceremonious or celebratory than live music.
Christal said when he gave Guerra the box and she saw the ring, she immediately tossed the box aside and said, \yes\ -- then
Just a couple weeks ago, we scoured the home and housewares show (that\u2019s when all the major brands show off their newest
We've all heard the \rules\ concerning bridal fashion, the main one being that wedding gowns should be white, right?
Here are some of my insider secrets for YOU if you are a bride who has trouble giving up control
Check out images featured on Lover.ly in the slideshow below. \Loving\ And \Bundling\ Images However, a few online functions
Spring has officially sprung and wedding season is upon us. For couples tying the knot at this beautiful time of year, you'll
Underwood and Fisher married in 2010. Underwood has commented on the strength of her marriage before -- earlier this year
Why shouldn't his cake be just as involved? These days, groom's cakes are just as important as the main wedding cake. The
The last party you attended with Jell-O shots is probably not one on which you want to model your wedding. But hear us out.
Affleck thanked Garner for \working on [their] marriage for 10 Christmases\ while accepting the Best Picture award for \Argo
While seeing your friends and loved ones walk down the aisle is wonderful, all those invites can leave you stressed about what to wear.
You're constantly looking at top wedding blogs, pinning has become your second job, and your wedding coordinator is on speed dial (or, if you don't have one, then you feel like you're ready to become one). But you can never fully anticipate the wedding day until (gulp) it's finally here.
When the spiritual but not religious are creating a wedding ceremony, they do not have a template to follow. In fact, as long as their ceremony complies with the laws of the state in which the marriage takes place, they can do whatever they want.
The hardest, greatest thing I have learned since getting married is that my husband is first a person, second a man. I grew up hearing that men and women are so different. Opposites. Things about venus, mars, and spaghetti.
In an effort to eliminate the need for you to make yet another decision (because it's hard enough already to choose between chocolate or vanilla buttercream... both?), we wanted to highlight our top picks for the tech savvy planner.
More and more couples are realizing that their wedding actually starts the moment they change their Facebook status to \engaged.\ Creative couples are using social media channels to keep their guests involved and entertained, from the first engagement ring snapshot to the bouquet toss.
Volunteerism is win-win. It always has been, and it always will be. But for brides and grooms preparing for their upcoming nuptials, volunteering can also be a welcome source of much-needed peace during wedding preparations.
The wedding is about the couple, but it's not only about the couple.
Click through the slideshow below to see photos, by Holly J
The day my husband asked me to marry him was one of the most memorable days in my life. There was no flash mob, lip dub performance
One online diamond ring company Ocappi.com recently launched a \Home Try-On\ program in an effort to take the stress out
Audrey would do whatever she wanted to do on her wedding day. That would be the Number One thing.
Bridesmaids dropping out at the last minute freak out my brides.  It really, truly causes a void for them that I can't fix - and I hate that.
By Heather Lee, Brides A signature cocktail is a delicious way to personalize your wedding menu, especially if you're throwing
Forget the barbecue grill, checkered tablecloths and paper plates; think wildflowers in collected glass bottles, local fruit or produce as part of your centerpieces, personal picnics so your guests can cozy up at the end of the night and a local, in-season dinner menu.
Though some may call it old-fashioned, many grooms-to-be have involved their future in-laws in their proposals. In a 2011
Friends and family put their Easter egg hunts on hold to celebrate with all of the \hoppy\ couples who tied the knot this
It\u2019s not only about the dress. For some brides these days, the shoes are commanding as much attention as the gown. Brides
Hungry for a delicious meal? Try scoring an invite to a celebrity wedding. Whether they're tying the knot in their backyard
Resting in the back of Nancy's former bedroom closet, our daughter's wedding slippers now bore the unmistakable marks of an outdoor wedding on a summer day.
It's easier than you think to ruin someone's wedding with just your iPhone.
You just got engaged, congratulations! Before you head to the nearest bridal salon, read these 10 important tips.
Of all the things you spend money on for your wedding, your wedding photographs are the ONLY thing that will increase in value over time.  As the years pass, you'll be more and more glad that you have them.
As much as friends who are recent former brides, sisters-in-law-to-be, and even your mother might warn you about what to expect around corner, there are certain wedding planning nightmares no one can prepare you for.
Anything can happen at an improv comedy show -- even a marriage proposal! As you can see in the video above, Joel and Rebekah
\Jaquie and I have been dating for three years, so I knew that this would be forever. I was excited because I knew she would
We've all been to a wedding where the flower girl tosses petals as she walks down the aisle. But she doesn't have to!
One of my biggest tips for budget-savvy brides is
Every wedding, one of the designated toasters will take me aside to ask \what time is my speech?\  Uh, you don't have a speech honey.  You're not running for office.
\I know I'm not the first one to do [a movie trailer proposal], but I thought it would be the perfect thing to do, something
As we celebrate eight years of married life together, I think of all that we have embraced, conquered, mastered, destroyed and learned to live with. We celebrate what we have built, and acknowledge how much we put in.
After spending months planning your perfect wedding, it's only natural to be stressed when the Big Day finally arrives. Add
Trying to do it all with so much on your plate, such as careers, parent responsibilities and household chores is not easy.
Add these colorful, skin-friendly foods to your diet about six weeks before your big day to bring out your natural inner glow.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. \From there, we just sort of decided that
Diagnosed with motor-neurone disease, Susan Spencer-Wendel has written a book, Until I Say Good-Bye
Watch the video above to see the entire proposal. One basketball fan's marriage proposal at an Orlando Magic-Miami Heat game
Just a little reminder for all the cynics out there.
To see more cute animal couples, click through the slideshow below. Redditor yourfavoritemoo posted an adorable photo Sunday
The question of where and when a wedding will take place are not always as easy to answer as a couple would like them to be.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. \They think they're not doing things traditionally
Look, I like weddings. I enjoy seeing two people I care about pledge their love to each other, before diving into a feast
\u201cLess people means less stress,\u201d wedding photographer Shannon Collins told Raphael. \u201cThe cost of being a bridesmaid or groomsman
While the idea of marriage may be outdated and tied to patriarchal, gender/sex-biased traditions, it remains an ideal for the majority of Americans
The photo has been viewed on Imgur more than 480,000 times. For long-married couples, there's nothing more important than
Spring is officially here and love is in full bloom for the beautiful couples who tied the knot this weekend! Click through
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. So what does a \ghost wedding\ look like? In
Your bridesmaids are your go-to female team as you prepare for your big day. Sometimes, however, your maids can disappoint you.
Because dinner and a movie can get old.
You can't eat, you can't sleep, you're super depressed and nothing can even come close to making you happy. No, you didn't just lose the love of your life -- you married him!
Sometimes, finding the dream dress turns into a nightmare. From stuck zippers to burned-down bridal salons, wedding dresses
As the nation prepares for next week's historic Supreme Court hearings on marriage equality, it is important to note that
In one word, what's the most important thing in a marriage? That's the question we posed to our followers on Twitter and
So we enlisted the help of wedding etiquette expert and HuffPost blogger Xochitl Gonzalez. Although she says it's \technically
The process of choosing bridesmaids can be dramatic, but ultimately the bride has to choose the best woman for the job. That
She also revealed that she never designs bridal gowns with trends in mind, preferring instead to focus on inspiration, mood
Reddit user bmarielo asked the Reddit community that very question on Tuesday, and commenters responded with some truly unique
Johnson, famed for her wild style, shuttered the majority of her boutiques in April 2012 after filing for chapter 11 bankruptcy
In honor of National Proposal Day, we asked five of our recently married editors in our slideshow below to share the stories
You know what will matter the most? Not the shoes, the dress, the flowers, the cake, or the assorted odds and ends. It will be the love and light from the people who are there to share the start of this journey with us.
During an appearance on HuffPost Live Monday, Style Me Pretty founder Abby Larson offered her advice on glamming up a budget
Photos of marriage proposals are usually pretty cute -- unless they're stock photos. Here at HuffPost Weddings, we sift through
15 heartwarming stories that will inspire you.
I do not wish to imply that there are no happy (& therefore stable) marriages in India, whether arranged by the family or
Can't get enough flash mob proposals? Check out this Downtown Disney flash mob, or this airport flash mob that featured a
4. Use The Macro Setting On Your Camera 5. Get Creative! 1. Get Your Nails Done We've seen gazillions of \typical\ engagement
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Check out 18 hilarious wedding fails in the
The sun was setting on the rooftop of the McKittrick Hotel, home of the interactive play \u201cSleep No More,\u201d when Nataliya Lavryshyn
Marriages should be equal, and that has to mean equal housework too. Laundry, cleaning, child care, scheduling playdates
After the wedding is over, all the bride is going to have, other than her new spouse, are the pictures.  So, choosing a photographer is a very important decision and the couple should take care and caution.
\They are already both work-oriented first, and then play,\ Wyeth said. \They have the same style of communication, so there's
If you keep your relationship happy and healthy, you will automatically have a stronger foundation for everything else you're trying to juggle.  Remember, four hands are far more effective than two.
Spring is just officially here, which means wedding season is in full bloom!
What many couples worry about when it comes to their post-honeymoon sex lives.
When Kelly Makino was a little girl, she loved to go orienteering -- to explore the wilderness near her rural Pennsylvania
If you had asked me several months ago what I thought about marriage, I would have said, \u201cI don\u2019t think about marriage.\u201d Read
Here's a story one TV news anchor never thought she'd break on air -- she's getting married! Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost
Click through the slideshow below to see 10 fun wedding hair styles. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook
When the hustle and bustle of planning your wedding is finally over, chances are you'll just want to relax and de-stress
The rehearsal dinner, while clearly not the main event, is certainly a part of the wedding dream, and one that should not be overlooked as it sets the tone for the entire celebratory weekend.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. With constant access to beautiful wedding
St. Patrick's Day brought lots of luck to all the beautiful couples who tied the knot this weekend -- Irish and otherwise
-- Barack Obama, to Le Monde On Finding Love On Falling In Love -- Reese Witherspoon, to ELLE Magazine -- Rita Wilson, to
Did you know that contrary to your current hopes for a bright, sunny wedding day, rain is actually a positive? Have you ever
Believe it or not, there actually may be a penalty in some cases for getting married and filing jointly with your spouse.
St. Patrick's Day is getting us excited for all things green!
Men and women are marrying later in life than ever before, but a new study reveals the costs of delaying your \I dos.\ A
No, I wasn't crashing their ceremonies. Yes, I still cried.
Modern Fun The Look
I\u2019ve read enough cheesy cards to know that your wedding day is supposed to be the happiest day of your life. With that comes
Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on
You'll never guess where Olivia Wilde met her fiance, Jason Sudeikis
Even if they don't exactly follow directions, flower girls can be the most memorable parts of a wedding, like one adorable
Something old, something new, something borrowed, something green?!
Do not to think of the veil as a symbol that defines who you are as a woman. Instead, see your veil as a superb accessory to your gown.
One of the weddings I'm planning was recently postponed and I'm absolutely livid about it.
\Simple\ does not necessarily mean less expensive.
He's not the only one to use an unexpected item -- like a onesie -- to propose. Men have taken inspiration from coffee cups
On a recent Saturday, Amy Albright was celebrating her bachelorette party on West 14th Street. A table was filled with miniature
Couples who married in 2012 spent about $28,000 on average on their weddings -- but that doesn't mean you have to do the
Thursday March 14 is National Pi Day! To celebrate, we've pulled together some of our favorite ways to include pie in your wedding.
How's this for a surprise ending? The video mixed snippets of scenes from \The Grey,\ \The Bourne Ultimatum\ and \Essential
Between July and October of 2011, I crashed more weddings in Los Angeles than I've probably been invited to in my entire
Couples are older and most are living together before marriage, eliminating the need for many of the traditional gifts.
Got a spring wedding on the horizon? Find your perfect wedding guest dresses here -- whatever your budget! Read more on www.marieclaire.co.uk
I've always been captivated by the ballet. Having grown up in Eastern Europe, I found myself drawn to that area\u2019s live-performance
Newlyweds have shown off their best dance moves at weddings before -- who can forget the JK Wedding Entrance Dance or this
When asked about the \born-again virgin\ title, Lowe told the Daily Beast, \u201cI\u2019m shocked. I don\u2019t know why every tabloid feels
If \Saturday Night Live\ created a script for a potential wedding disaster, it might have looked something like this day.
Millennials are obsessed with marriage.
If we keep the weeds from infiltrating the flower beds we can enjoy the uninterrupted beauty of our longed-for relationship and reduce the wear and tear that neglect can produce.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Flash mob marriage proposals are surprising
When we posted a recent lunchtime poll on open vs cash bars vs booze-free weddings, little did we know how shaken, stirred
At least one of these items ended up in the trash.
While planning your wedding, it can be easy to assume that all the stress will be gone when you return home from the honeymoon
Even the best-intentioned friends and family members can turn totally judgmental and bossy once they're with you in the salon.
Planning your wedding day can be one of the most stressful moments of your life. But it doesn't have to be.
Amidst the promises of a lifetime of togetherness and joyful wedding preparations, now is the time to also think about the true value of a prenuptial agreement
You would love to continue basking in the afterglow of your wedding day (who wouldn't?), but reality is setting in
The \Twilight\ actress told People that she and McDonald, a former contestant on \American Idol,\ are writing an album together
Nothing says \Extra-Special Day!\ like loads and loads of glitter! And since you wedding is one of the most extra-special
Spring is on its way and love is in the air! Just ask the beautiful couples who tied the knot over the weekend. Click through
In a proposal that combines the two social media platforms, Facebook employee Jon Park asked his girlfriend, Twitter employee
See the top 13 wedding trends of 2013 in the slideshow below. Check out more creative wedding programs here. Timtasticc's
For all we know Ryan Reynolds can only have sex with Blake Lively if he can see himself in a mirror, Gisele Bundchen's hipbones might cause chafing during intercourse, Brad Pitt might be smothered to death by Angelina Jolie's lips.
Real Couples' Favorite Wedding-Day Moments The Most Incredible Wedding Photos Happy birthday, Barbie! In honor of the beloved
Choosing a color palette is one of the first things you'll do when planning your wedding, and it can be quite difficult!
Tell us
The price reached a new high last year.
You want to wear a white wedding gown but are not into wearing, or don't have the money for, a big frou-frou frock? Before
On Thursday, Guardian columnist Jill Filipovic's piece \Why Should Married Women Change Their Names? Let Men Change Theirs
In honor of Oz the Great and Powerful, which hits theaters on Friday, take a look at Anna and Brandon's beautiful wedding held at the Land of Oz!
Some are annoying, pedantic or antiquated. Some just don't fit you and the person you're marrying.
When it comes to choosing your \something blue\ for your wedding day, there are so many fun, modern ways to slip on a blue detail.
My first instinct was to tell her that she's too young. That they're moving too fast. I wanted to tell her to slow down.
If you and your mate haven't included pornography in your sexual arsenal, there's no time like the present. After all, couples that play together, stay together.
We know Tom Hanks was stunned by Olivia Wilde's engagement ring, but we hadn't had a chance to see it ourselves -- until
YES, you read correctly
There are, the New York Times reports, engagement rings designed with \'gals'\ who \'don't want to look engaged'\ in mind
The Miami Heat player is reportedly set to wed his girlfriend of nine years, Savannah Brinson, during the weekend of Sept
Marriage proposals at the beach can be beautiful, photogenic, and quite memorable -- especially if a giant ocean wave decides
Celebrities aren't exactly known for being frugal, so it comes as no surprise that many of their weddings cost an obscene
Spring has nearly sprung, and along with (hopefully) warmer weather comes a bevy of new bridal collections. One of our favorite
Step aside, strapless.
Have you ever had a nightmare so terrifying, it took a good five minutes to realize it didn\u2019t actually happen?
What do you get the couple that actually has everything? Kristin Cavallari's $14,500 wedding registry was recently revealed
Marriage is meant to last after the party fades.
A child of divorce whose parents' marriage ended after 13 years can be forgiven at his own sense of astonishment that his marriage has, with God's infinite blessing, reached the quarter century mark.
Katniss Everdeen
Enough with the baby's breath. Your bouquet deserves baseballs, buttons, and butterflies. Front page photo by Flickr user
The wedding industry doesn\u2019t like change. Not doing a bouquet toss? Shocking. Don\u2019t feel like wearing white? How dare you
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Coxshall remained \human\ during the ceremony
Here's my definition of good sex
Wedding days can be stressful, everyone will tell you that.  Here's what they don't tell you
For a lot of women her wedding dress is like a brief love affair. It's amazing but fleeting, so hanging onto the dress somehow keeps that feeling alive.
In an effort to explore the meaning behind wedding registries, University of Notre Dame marketing professor Tonya Williams
Going for that gorgeous look on your big day doesn't have to cost big bucks. You just need to know when to tighten (and loosen) those bridal purse strings.
As much as we enjoy seeing wedding fashion evolve, one of our current favorite trends is a take on a classic feature.
A public wedding is the best love story in the world, being played out in plain daylight.
The brides and grooms who tied the knot this weekend started the month of March off right -- with beautiful celebrations
The groom-to-be, Jerid Hedrick, told The Knot that he met his girlfriend, Lacey, in a Denver coffee shop in February 2012
Common courtesy, common sense, and yes \etiquette\ require that couples (notice I did not say brides) must send thank-you notes as soon as possible.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. The wedding photographer is a couple's eyes
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Another wedding cake made headlines earlier
Try the trend some brides are taking on and switch into a different dress for your reception.
Be it cotton candy pink sapphires or the ever-popular rose gold, think pink when it comes time for your next jewelry purchase, and you will be guaranteed a creative, vibrant, and playful look.
Mikita revealed that they're looking to bring a \cool vibe\ to their reception with a craft cocktail bar, and though he and
In an era when social media has begun to consume more and more of our time, it's no surprise that today's brides and grooms
Families, in their desire to impress, actually can intimidate the other in-laws, setting up a hurdle to forming good relationships when they are trying to create a shared experience.
Sexual relationships are important to healthy marriages. But not every healthy marriage is the same.
Find out if you would end up with Patrick Dempsey, Conan O'Brien or another A-list star.
How will you and your fianc\u00e9's personality shine through on your wedding day?
Roses are red, violets are blue -- but what does being married mean when taxes are due?
\A bride should look at everything she possibly can...just so she can experiment and see what makes her really feel beautiful
With no such established traditions for women, a woman can propose in whichever manner she'd like, but still runs the risk of taking a misstep on this still unconventional path.
The more content you have at your fingertips, the better. Inspiration will help you to fill your wedding day with things you love while you are surrounded by the ones who love you.
The difference between mother of the bride and mother-in-law comes down to just one day.
I couldn't have fathomed that \in sickness and in health\ would come to symbolize what true love means to me.
Burton told HuffPost Weddings that he thought popping the question via a 60-square-meter mural seemed like a cool way to
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Check out 12 of the most memorable marriage
Magazines and blogs publish pictures of couples in lavish surroundings with immaculate decor, and vendors who can provide similar glitz and glam pay big bucks for full-page ads and featured banners.
It may be off-season in the wedding world, but that hasn't stopped our readers from tying the knot in lovely ceremonies. Click
I've jinxed everything. I'd rush into the studio from covering the latest and try to ad-lib my way through a newscast I didn't
Equestrian style is pure Americana, and it translates perfectly to weddings.
How involved you want to be in choosing your bridesmaids' gowns is up to you -- no matter what you'd ideally like them to wear.
Five love it-or-leave-it looks that everyone couldn't stop buzzing about
For married A-listers, there's no better time to gush about your spouse than during your Oscar acceptance speech. Best Supporting
Click through the slideshow below for more awkward celebrity kisses. Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan-Tatum attended Sunday
I was barely 20 when we married. We had zero dollars, so I didn't have an engagement ring.
Though responses to engagement are as varied as they come, one thing is for sure
If I told my bestie I spent $15,000 on a gown or $10,000 on linens, she'd konk my head between her palms like a set of cymbals.
How would your marriage be different if you had been handed an honest, comprehensive guide on what to expect after the wedding?
On Thursday's episode of \Parks and Recreation,\ Leslie Knope (Amy Poehler) and fellow civil servant Ben Wyatt (Adam Scott
Another bridal company, The Dessy Group, also offers a similar program. There's a new way to shop for a wedding dress, and
Boudoir photo sessions are a fun idea for brides who want to flaunt their curves, give an unforgettable gift to their leading man, and who believe that confidence is sexy
Scheduling an engagement shoot is a perfect way for couples to get acquainted with their photographer before the big day.  Another benefit of this shoot is the insight it provides into hair and makeup.
Creating your wedding registry isn't just about compiling a wishlist of home essentials. This is also the perfect time to discover your style as a couple, talk about your entertaining priorities, and gear up for life after \I do.\
When you picture a beach wedding, chances are you're dreaming of the soft sand, cool ocean breeze and gorgeous sunset in the distance. But do your dreams include crowds of nosy onlookers, gusts of wind ruining your wedding hair or mosquitoes?
Now, don't get me wrong, I love my future husband's last name. But it's still my name. And that, my friends, is the distilled essence of my predicament.
What is a bride to do when she falls in love with a reception site that is beyond her budget? Start negotiating or consider
Everyone's favorite \Say Yes To The Dress\ stylist, Randy Fenoli, knows how to keep up with the latest bridal trends -- and
Just talking about Leslie\u2019s homemade wedding dress from last night's Parks and Recreation nuptials gets its designer, costume
Brides aren't the only ones using Pinterest for inspiration
The 100 Coolest NASCAR Paint Schemes Ever More from BroBibile.com
Certainly, it's possible these days to throw a lovely event that doesn't bankrupt a couple mentally and financially but nevertheless, it seems like there's nowhere for brides especially to escape the mass-marketed American wedding culture breathing down their necks.
You May Now Kiss The Bride
Tonight, barring cold feet or another Pawnee emergency drill, Parks and Recreation's Leslie Knope will marry her civil-servant
Take our quiz to find out if you're more of a Kate Middleton or a Drew Barrymore when it comes to wedding style.
Click through the slideshow below to find out wedding experts' Big Day must-haves. Check out the infographic below for your
But just because they may remind you of a childhood birthday party, rest assured that there are plenty of sophisticated ways to do balloons at your wedding.
Weather wasn't kind to brides and grooms who tied the knot this weekend, with heavy rain in Miami and snow showers in Michigan
An Atlanta wedding photographer made headlines earlier this week when she revealed that Weddings Unveiled magazine rejected
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. After being interviewed, the couples immediately
It takes only 21 minutes to complete.
Remember ladies, your bridesmaids are your best friends (or are supposed to be).  Don't make them look bad, be uncomfortable, or take away any chance they have of feeling a bit like themselves at your wedding.
Jessica Biel wowed the wedding world last year when she married Justin Timberlake in a stunning pink Giambattista Valli gown
Check out the top 2013 wedding dress trends in the slideshow below. A bride is often a bundle of emotions on her Big Day
What do you do when you can't live with your engagement ring?
Discover 30+ top picks and what makes each place honeymoon-worthy, from spectacular views to marvelous service to gratis chocolate-covered strawberries.
Watch the video above for more of Winikka's tips. When it comes to the cake, Winikka said you can cut the cost of the cake
Ahh, \The Great Gatsby.\ Whatever your feelings on the canonical work, \Gatsby\ is making a return to the spotlight -- in
I chose Weddings Unveiled because I'm not trying to advertise to \the gay community.\ I'm advertising to couples who are getting married. This couple didn't get \gay married.\ They didn't have a \gay wedding.\ They got married.
You've already made the most important decision
Thankfully, there are more photographers than ever who are ready, willing and able to serve them. But is that enough? Not always.
The previous record-holder was a cake valued at $20 million, baked by Beverly Hills' La Patisserie Artistique. In 2011, The
For couples who consider their dogs to be part of the family, it's only natural that their four-legged friends would be invited
At the stroke of midnight on Valentine's Day, celebrity wedding designer, Preston Bailey, married Grammy Award nominated singer, Theo Bleckmann.
Valentine's Day is traditionally a popular date for weddings -- it's no wonder, considering Feb. 14 is supposed to be the
Now that engagement season has passed (a third of proposals each year occur between Thanksgiving and New Years and another
Click through the slideshow below to see photos of the couple. Sierra and Andre entered a contest through The Knot, hoping
Photographs often capture significant moments in time -- a couple's first kiss as newlyweds, a mother's first time seeing
While Edwards nervously awaited the float, he said Keegan was so set on gathering beads that she didn't see the sign until
Red is the color of romance, and it's as gorgeous for your wedding as it is for Valentine's Day.
Watch the video above to see Bondy and Cohn's live wedding. \They say your wedding day is one of the most amazing days of
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. And Legend isn't helping -- Teigen said he
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. While most celebrity brides opt for a white
Click through the slideshow below for more interesting findings about marriage. Think a happy relationship is defined by
Watch the video above for more on the longest married couple. Want some marriage advice from other long-married couples? Readers
According to the video, the wedding took place on January 19. After Matt, the groom, thanked his guests for coming to the
Hanks was spotted admiring Olivia Wilde's engagement ring while he, Wilde, Christopher McDonald and Wilde's fiance, Jason
He said he chose to make the ring out of a Canadian quarter because his fiancee, elementary school teacher Sarah Bontinen
Want more great date ideas? Sign up for HowAboutWe for Couples, a new site that makes it easy for you and your partner to
Newly-engaged couples are supposedly sending emails to friends NOT to say \Save the Date\ but to say \Please do NOT Save the Date\.
The music industry's biggest stars walked down the red carpet at the Grammy Awards on Sunday night, but many of them could
While in the U.S., Valentine's Day is commonly associated with chocolate and candlelit dinners with your honey, it isn't the same for the rest of the world.
With Valentine's Day around the corner, scratch the idea of lavish and pricey planning.
With five-plus years of wedding planning experience, I'm here to tell you that not all DJs are created equal, and the good ones are worth their weight in gold.
Yes, a cynical reader might ask what I could possibly know about marriage, having been divorced twice, and this question would be a valid one.  But you often learn the most from your own mistakes.
Barbie and Ken are one of the most iconic couples in pop culture history, so why not borrow a little wedding inspiration from them?
On Wednesday, HuffPost Weddings stopped by the St. Pucchi boutique in West Hollywood for A Soolip Wedding's press preview
A year and a half after her wedding, Miranda Lambert has some words of wisdom for other married couples. Lambert and Shelton
On Thursday, Kardashian tweeted \Kw\ and a photo of her left hand sporting gold rings featuring the letters \KW.\ Check out
These photos are ridiculously adorable.
Nothing makes for a more dramatic entrance than a bride walking in wearing a veil. Read more on www.glamour.com
So you'll have something nice to look at before everyone starts stuffing their faces. Read more on www.buzzfeed.com
\Traveling together puts a couple in an extended period of being together more than their average interactions. That extended
Morrow and Kurland married Friday in the Northwest History Room at Washington's Everett Public Library. The two bookworms
When you make a commitment to someone you're making a commitment to put up with another person's weird quirks.
Jamie and Christopher dressed as Ariel and Prince Eric from \The Little Mermaid,\ and each bridesmaid dressed as a different
Floral designers are pushing themselves harder than ever in 2013, competing to create one-of-a-kind statements.
In recent years, renewing wedding vows has become more and more popular. If couples have been able to stay the course, they're marking their 10, 20 or 30 year anniversary with a vow renewal ceremony.
Couples will agree on what they're having for dinner or what movie they'll see.   They'll find consensus on life's big questions like how to raise their children or where they'll call home but for some reason, financial equality within our marriages remains a blind spot.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Alliance President Tim Tompkins told HuffPost
Who among you hasn't gotten crusty grocery store roses bought by a spouse who remembered it was February 14th on his way home from work? Did that feel like love?
One New York artist didn't shout his love from the rooftops -- he graffitied it! Jason \Jay Shells\ Shelowitz proposed to
These newlyweds aren't alone in this picture.
Pictures can tell all kinds of stories. The story of three flower girls who were shocked by a couple's first kiss as newlyweds
To see photos of Ellis and Eggert, and some of their \365\ self-portraits, click through the slideshow below. Keep in touch
Once I reached 30, I was convinced I would never take another's name. I'd had this name too long, and after this many years, I've learned to love it.  I know who I am with this name; I don't know a new-named version of myself.
When does a kiss need practice?  When it's the \seal the deal\ kiss of a lifetime!
Valentine's Day may be a commercial holiday, but at the end of the day, many couples agree that it's nice to take one day
The \me\ couple operates as two distinct people who happen to be in a relationship. The \we\ couples are unquestionably a team. You see it in their body language and especially in their speech.
Check out more engaged celebrities in the slideshow below. Keira Knightley is getting married, but there are no extravagant
It's not a great weekend to tie the knot, after all, about 20 percent of people surveyed in 2012 said they'd miss a wedding
Marybeth Eustice had been engaged for six years, having repeatedly pushed the wedding date off. Whenever she thought about
In honor of the Big Game, here's how to incorporate some team spirit into your Big Day!
Data was gathered from individuals participating in the longitudinal Iowa Youth and Families Project. The researchers evaluated
We've seen so many celebrities choosing to walk the red carpets with pin straight or loosely curled hair. Why not try it on your Big Day?
The photo was taken in 2011 by French photography company Studio Cabrelli. Since it was posted to Imgur, it has been shared
\Lamar and I are very sexually in-tune people. Someone is always putting in the extra work there,\ Kardashian said. \We're
Here's your chance to own a piece of Playboy history. Hefner credited O'Connor with helping him and Crystal reconcile after
George Bernard Shaw once satirized marriage as \two people under the influence of the most violent, most insane, most delusive
We were standing at our gate in the airport, waiting for our boarding group to be called, and we were nervous. Read more
Seems like back when our mothers got married, shopping for a wedding dress was so much simpler.
\I'm sorry that I've gained weight over the last seven years. But that's because the meals you cook are so delicious!\ one
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Watt did find Breanna, and on Wednesday, tweeted
When a childhood friend thanked me for coming to his wedding this fall, he did so on Facebook. \u201cHey,\u201d he said in a private
Forget a dozen roses or a box of chocolates. Maybe what your relationship needs this Valentine's Day is a trip to your neighborhood sex shop.
Does your sweetheart have a favorite movie? Why not recreate a scene from it for your next big date?
Check out 100 ideas for winter weddings in the slideshow below. Once you've decided what food you'll be serving at your reception
When a movie calls for a marriage proposal, it often also calls for a fabulous engagement ring. We combed through some of
\It went on a micro-tour with us around Ontario, hand-in-hand with Rachel's ring, as every family member and friend that
These 10 photos may inspire you to try it.
Proposing on Valentine's Day can be tricky. On one hand, it is the most romantic day of the year so it can be a good day to pop the question. On the other hand, proposing on a holiday can turn super cheesy if it isn't done properly.
Another cause of stress? Finalizing the guest list. The singer, who is engaged to Nashville talent agent Brandon Blackstock
As if choosing a dress wasn't hard enough, you also have to navigate the big world of headbands and veils. If you're on a
I thought I'd identified all the potential problems in our marriage, but there was one issue I wasn't prepared for.
Once you've survived the wedding planning stress, the last thing you want is more worry over spending too much on your honeymoon.
Our readers on Twitter had a lot to say the topic, too. Click through the slideshow below to read their thoughts, then share
Can we please stop sending little girls the message that their wedding is the most important moment of their life because
Colin Cowie is king when it comes to the world of weddings and events. For those vitally important gatherings where one is
WASHINGTON - In a traditional Indian wedding, a groom enters the ceremony from an outdoor celebration with music, dancing
Good love is like a bowl of oatmeal.
Many modern couples are choosing to step into a different era for their engagement photos. If this is a look you're thinking of trying, you have lots of options.
It's a good thing they've scheduled their wedding for the day before the big game -- in a 2012 online survey, a majority
No awards show would be complete without plenty of cute Hollywood couples, and Sunday's Screen Actors Guild Awards were no
It may be blustery and cold across much of the country, but these couples had warm, wonderful weddings with their loved ones
It's likely that there will be some friction and less-than-ideal circumstances as you plan your wedding. The honeymoon you take after you get hitched is the perfect opportunity to send that stress packing -- but not in the ways you'd think.
Debating whether to see each other before the ceremony? These pictures will convince you that it's a wonderful idea.
After she says yes, all 140 of the couple's loved ones (including members of the cheerleading team VanSickle coaches) gather
It's easy to get carried away in the romance and the idea that a single ceremony represents the entirety of a relationship.
With 2012 already ancient history, it's time to look ahead at the unique groom trends that couples tying the knot in 2013 will enjoy.
While I'm not naturally an advice-giver (it always feels a bit too hubristic and bud-insky to me), I came up with what I thought were insightful, pithy guides to keeping your marriage sane and alive. I thought I had something to give here.
It seems like just yesterday that you and your honey nervously strolled down the aisle of the animal shelter, telling yourselves
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Don't worry, dads -- you are NOT expected
Editor's note
Her father hadn't been in her life for a number of years but when it was time for the wedding, he assumed that he'd be the one to walk her down the aisle.  This decision weighed heavily on her.
\It\u2019s not that we don\u2019t love you; it\u2019s not that we don\u2019t care. It\u2019s just that right now, we\u2019re not prepared to deal with
There's a lot of pressure to buy the traditional gem, but there are also plenty of reasons to do something different.
Watch some of the most extreme proposals in the slideshow below. According to The Daily Mail, \u00a32,000 of the \u00a3135,000 will
You're probably wondering why you would even want to propose on Super Bowl Sunday. Here are some good reasons to do it.
Hello there. How are you? Good? Good. I\u2019m good too. Why? Because
Check out the most \WTF\ wedding photos in the slideshow below. Mill wanted to take a funny photo with his groomsmen, so
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. GQ published outtakes on Tuesday from the
In my 20-plus years of married life, talking about finances and savings can be like walking through a minefield. I know I'm not alone.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. So what's to blame for the additional pounds
Love was in the air at the 57th Presidential Inauguration on Monday. President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama
Can't get enough wedding photobombs? Yeah, neither can we. Check out the slideshow below for some of the best photobombers
Marrying your best friend is probably the smartest thing you can do, but even so, one person can't meet all your needs.
Kate Middleton may have covered up, but that doesn't mean you have to.
M Gary Neuman is a New York Times best-selling author, rabbi, and creator of Neuman Method Programs. He was on the Oprah
The three of us took the dress upstairs to a bedroom and closed the door. Peter's bride slipped the dress over her head. Christina zipped her into it. It didn't fit, of course. But my daughter-in-law-to-be looked beautiful in it.
I view planning a wedding as a marvelous opportunity for two people to set the stage -- emotionally, socially and financially -- for the way they plan to relate with their respective families and become their own family.
Most modern brides wholeheartedly embrace those love-inspired, centuries-old wedding traditions that have been handed down through the generations. But what if those traditions aren't quite as love-inspired as you'd imagined?
Sometimes, the sky is the most romantic part of a proposal
There are a lot of things wedding guests have every right to expect from the couple hosting the reception. But there's at least one expectation that I don't have.
After surveying more than 2,000 professors, researchers discovered that the married female history profs were promoted from
Newlyweds Ravayna and David Coe told \Good Morning America\ Friday that everything from the venue to the flowers went wrong
On your finger rests the promise of the future. I bet you've never felt so alive. What should you do next?
Maria Peyer and Mike Bixby are one of those couples who just seem made for each other. They hold hands when they sit and
The folks at Simply Bridal put together this helpful infographic to help you decide exactly what your wedding style is -- and
\It is disgusting that Life & Style and InTouch magazines continue to print these false stories about my life
We may watch a relationship unfold over several years on a television series, but by the time the couple finally gets married, the conflicts are resolved and the show usually ends. And therein lies the false message.
My husband and I are the worst. We were married on October 6, and we still haven't done one important thing.
Google \wedding ideas\ and you'll get about 9.89 million results, but there's no guidebook for what to do when you don't have a mom to wedding dress shop with you.
After the wedding, the two couples decided to look for homes in the same area. Craig told the New York Daily News Sunday
Every so often we come across a wedding photo of a bride and her dad that literally takes our breath away.\u00a0 Photos that capture
\I'm the biggest workaholic, but I do believe you can't have it all. You can have a few things and prioritize and balance
Want to take your fiance's breath away when you make your grand entrance on your wedding day? Don one of these stunning wedding
You should feel excited about planning your wedding details, and your consultations with your wedding planner should be something you enjoy, not something that stresses you out.
The couple met through Twitter in 2010 and have been engaged since March 2012. Rose revealed her pregnancy in September 2012
This Spotify playlist includes music from the Beatles, Belle & Sebastian and more.
Wedding-wise, emerald is a vivacious addition to your color palette. The shade is associated with growth, renewal and prosperity, as well as healing and unity.
If you're in the market for a wedding gown and think you might score at a sample sale, beware
In honor of Jackman's sweet ode to his wife, we've dug through years of Golden Globes acceptance speeches and found five
In the February issue of Allure, the country singer revealed that people have asked her if she's worried about Fisher cheating
A group of Chinese kindergartners recently got lessons in reading, writing and... romance? Li said this ceremony wasn't the
\See you this evening, darling,\u201d says my husband, \u201cand don\u2019t forget the spaghetti carbonara will be ready at 8 o\u2019clock.\u201d Already
\u201cI could tell she was just a great person and loved my dad, and he loved her,\u201d said Mellissa Lowman Callaway, Lowman's daughter
With the experts breaking down the information in app-form, even the most novice brides and grooms can tackle DIY projects on their own.
With wedding planning, there are hidden costs everywhere. Step by step, we'll explain how to cut your wedding budget in half and put your money where it matters -- without sacrificing any fun.
Yesterday I got an email from a random bride asking me how to fire her wedding planner. While I'm not Dear Abby, I did take time to write her back and give her some advice worth sharing with all the brides and grooms out there.
From your friends' annoying questions to your first big purchase, here are the top 10 big moments to look forward to as newlyweds.
Sources told TMZ the split is \friendly,\ and the singer and her former manager remain friends. The couple got engaged in
A diamond definitely isn't your only option.
\u201cBabe, I think that\u2019s a model,\u201d I said as I tugged at his coat. \u201cI think that\u2019s that Victoria\u2019s Secret model, Erin Heatherton
At 66 years old, Suzanne Somers says her sex life is better than ever. Click through the slideshow below for 20 other stars
HuffPost Weddings blogger Karima El Hakkaoui spoke to HuffPost Live on Friday about a friend's three-year-old son who once
If you want a totally cool wedding dress to match your totally cool wedding, the internet might be your one good option. And
For the newly engaged, Pinterest is a mecca of wedding planning. The social media site allows anyone (even those who aren't
Six months later, Blum moved to Kentucky to live with Thompson and her children, and in December 2012, he proposed to Thompson
There's a lot to be learned from people who have made it to 10, 15 and 30 years together.
A new study by Duke University Medical Center found that Baby Boomers with permanent partners or spouses had a decreased
For one couple, \til death do us part\ is about to take on a whole new meaning. The winning couple will not be the first
A friend\u2019s son got married a while back, and because of an unfortunate rift with my friend, I was not invited. I did, however
People speak of friendships lasting a lifetime, acts of courage, moments of hilarity, or what it feels like to watch your son or daughter go through such a momentous rite of passage. Above all, you hear them talk about love.
Hands down, the sure-fire way to get all the photos you want is to give your photographer a comprehensive checklist. Here's
There are lots of great tracks that (gasp!) are about love and are happy, could never be considered cheesy or mainstream, and (this is a big one...) your guests will actually know them. Wedding dreams can come true!
If I were going to plan another wedding (which, as a divorc\u00e9e, I may very well, at some point), I'd do several things a little differently.
Rob Poetsch, a Taco Bell spokesperson, explained to HuffPost Weddings via email that the company has \some of the most dedicated
The greatest gift parents can give their children and other wisdom from an officiant.
In case the rock on your finger isn't attention-grabbing enough. Read more on www.buzzfeed.com
According to Us Weekly, the car is a Porsche 911 Carrera S worth $100,000. Deadmau5 seemed pleased with the gift -- Von D
At some point in the planning process, every engaged couple entertains the idea of having a destination wedding -- after all, who doesn't get excited at the prospect of going somewhere gorgeous and unique to exchange vows?
\It suddenly registered that he meant right now! The music started to play and I realized I was getting married right then
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Fancy's impressive music video might give
A California couple also used Skype to get married in March 2011 when a sudden illness sent the groom the the hospital days
Nick and Wendy Lowe were married at the Wellington Naturist Club on Saturday in a \clothing optional\ wedding, reported local
Click through the slideshow below for photos of O\u2019Grady and Kirkpatrick\u2019s wedding Friends and family pitched in by making
Now that Lady Mary and Matthew Crawley have finally said \I do\ brides are sure to turn to the \Downton Abbey\ couple's big day for ideas for their very own 1920s-inspired weddings.
Most places you get married, you can have fireworks if you want them -- if you can afford them, and the permits and insurance that go along with them.  Or you can go the budget route and get just as many oohs and ahhs with sparklers.
What's the worst thing about being married to James Bond? Talking about James Bond. She also said that being married to Craig
The holidays are over and we're settling into the new year. But why not reminisce about those blissful days off for just
By Biz Hurst for YourTango.com Photo by Flickr user Mike Licht. How long do you think it will take before gay wedding traditions
Imagine the elation on his/her face when he/she walks in from a brutal day at work to find a blanket adorning the living
\Star Wars\ creator George Lucas announced his engagement to longtime girlfriend Mellody Hobson on Thursday, and like all
It's incredibly important to recognize that while you are busy, and quite possibly fixated on being a bride and planning your wedding, perhaps your friends and loved ones are planning and getting ready other life changing events, like a double mastectomy or even a birth.
Just after college, a friend of mine mentioned he was getting married, and I expected to be among the guests. Cut to a few
Watch the video above for more on John's Botox, and let us know in the comments
Never take each other for granted and other important lessons.
First of all, no, I'm not kidding. I really did have the most incredibly relaxed, fun, stress-free wedding day. Ask my bridesmaids; I think some of them were actually a little weirded out by how cool and calm I was on the big day.
The bride is on the board of her father's company and the groom is a civil servant. The two met in kindergarten and reside
In fact, ever since Jolie and Pitt confirmed their relationship in 2006 (they met on the set of \Mr. and Mrs. Smith\ in 2005
The key is to keep it fresh -- make your marriage feel new and exciting. We all know what familiarity breeds and it's not desire! We humans are hard-wired to get excited by novelty.
They popped the champagne, then he popped the question. Last week we showed you gorgeous rings submitted by real couples
The poll also found that 87 percent of those surveyed think good sex is \very\ or \somewhat\ important to a successful relationship
In an interview with the BBC, an English woman revealed that her friend received a reduced venue price by simply moving her
As a fresh year stretches before us, it's out with the old and in with the new, so if you're ringing in the New Year with sparkle on your finger, we'll continue to keep you on top of the trends with our annual coast-to coast survey of what's hot in weddings.
If you plan to propose this holiday season, as an early engagement gift to you, we've looked into the costs of some of the most elaborate proposals out there--as well as the best post-proposal financial practices.
What will be your New Year's resolution? I bet I know what it won't be
What do you think of her round-cut diamond? Tell us in the comments! The singer tweeted the photo with the hashtags #hawaii
When it comes to popping the question, what\u2019s more romantic
When dealing with a jealous sister during your wedding, you need to be realistic about your relationship. I get it. Now is YOUR time. YOUR special day. Your sister should be there for you the way you were there for her, right? Not if she's the jealous sister.
If you've been reading HuffPost Weddings this year, you know that every Monday we publish a roundup of real weddings submitted
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Sure, celebs often attend each others' weddings
The same-sex marriage law that voters passed in November went into effect at midnight on December 29th. Maine joins Washington
What a year it's been for wedding enthusiasts. From Jessica Biel and Justin Timberlake's romantic Italian nuptials to the
If you had asked me that day as I posed for the iPhone, I would have told you that satin is a definite part of my dream wedding dress.
If romantic comedies have taught us anything, it's that kissing is always sexy, never sloppy and best done in the rain. But
These (famous and not-so-famous) same-sex couples got married in a landmark year for marriage equality. Read more on www.buzzfeed.com
Social media has been flooded lately with photos of shiny new rings, statuses reading \She said Yes!!!\ and congratulatory
Were secret weddings the biggest trend of 2012? Kate Winslet joins the ranks of celebrities who secretly tied the knot this
Us Weekly reports that 33-year-old actress/R&B singer Brandy Norwood is engaged to music executive Ryan Press. In August
From health benefits to couples' drinking habits, researchers delved into many facets of marriage, and the results were fascinating -- and sometimes contradictory.
It seems like things are going just as planned until you remember that now you have to figure out how to combine your two homes into one.
A paper shredder, apparently. And a stuffed octopus, if you're lucky. What holiday gift do you get for your beloved, your
Across three pages \u2014\u00a0typed on Christmas Eve 1966 from a village in South Vietnam\u00a0\u2014\u00a0the soldier\u2019s words to his wife dance
1. We wanted a marriage, not a wedding.
For those couples looking for alternatives to the ordinary resort getaway, consider these six unique honeymoon ideas still bound to provide the getaway of a lifetime.
Don't be afraid to embrace quintessential winter elements and bring them into your wedding -- tights, umbrellas, boleros, mulled wine and blankets.
Weddings these days aren't all invitations, thank-you notes and a car trip to Niagara Falls. Whether you want to relax on
We love getting photo cards from our couple friends around the holidays; they're often silly, sweet and reflective of the
The \Green Lantern\ co-stars dated for a year before tying the knot. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook
In honor of proposal season, we rounded up our favorite red-carpet duos we think are most likely to get engaged in the New
\u201cI need space.\u201d At some point in our lives many of us have either heard these words or said them to someone else. Read more
Disgruntled brides have slammed TLC's reality show Say Yes to the Dress for turning one of Manhattan's classic bridal stores
British tabloid NOW Daily is reporting that David has something else in store for Victoria, however, and it costs just a
Hey, guys
My husband and I are not exchanging major gifts this year. There's nothing we need, so why waste our money? On the other hand, I do want Bob to know that I love him and care about him, and that I put thought and effort into making him happy.
Looking at other people's wedding details may not always be inspiring to others, but I invite you to think about this
It seems there are two general schools of thought on hosting a wedding on a holiday
Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds are no strangers to a sea of cameras aimed at them. But when they decided to marry, they wanted
Laura Leigh Semon had never considered sex with a woman \u2014 let alone a romantic relationship \u2014 when\u00a0she\u00a0met Samantha Goettlich
Most of my clients want to know how to ban children from their Caribbean destination wedding weekends, not how to bring more little people with them. But now one of my clients is asking me what to do because she WANTS her friends to bring their children and both she and the groom WANT to have a child-friendly Caribbean destination wedding.
Discover the best wedding planning apps in the slideshow below. But take note
Whether you're planning your own wedding or enlisting the services of a wedding planner, a few simple steps can help you clarify a vision that's in line with your own, unique personality, and make it a reality.
The holidays are filled with opportunities for disappointment and awkwardness. But wishing your significant other a \Happy
You've found the perfect woman -- check. You're ready to get engaged -- check. Now, there's just one important question to be answered. Not \Will you marry me?,\ but more importantly, \How do I find the right ring?\
\There's going to be giraffes and monkeys and everything,\ Snooki said. Look out, world
Same-sex engagements typically last about a year -- the gays love to plan -- so scheduling next year's holiday wedding starts now.
Like a lot of women, I've been dreaming about my wedding since I was a kid. Back then it had very little to do with the commitment and more to do with the party, the colorful details and, of course, the dress.
If you're not interested in paying several grand for the honeymoon, check out these six tips for slashing your honeymoon costs
We have started to see this trend play out in the wedding industry as well, as brides are beginning to choose smaller, more intimate affairs regardless of their ability to afford the supersized version.
With the possibility of snow, a gorgeous, icy color palette and holiday cheer, it's true -- winter weddings can be wonderful
A wedding planning business may be right for you if you're organized, driven, and creative. Plus, you'll need to have people skills to deal with frazzled brides (dare we say Bridezillas?) and some business know-how to manage your finances.
There was only the sweet, lisping voice of our officiant; the kind, happy eyes of our witness; Danny's deep and loving expression as he watched my quivering lips; and everywhere in the room, our love.
December is fast becoming one of the most popular months to tie the knot, and many couples are looking to incorporate a little
\You need to come home. My Dad died.\ \There are three heartbeats.\ \You're overreacting, I'm sure Conor just has a bronchitis.\ These are a few of the pivotal moments in our ten-year marriage.
The idea is to let holiday traditions play double duty. My wedding, for example, was in summer, but I saved money and time -- two things every bride-to-be and newlywed are generally short on -- during the holidays by sending personalized cards that were one part holiday greeting and one part wedding thank you cards.
Google recently released its annual report on the most-searched topics of 2012. Naturally, we're most interested in which celebrity weddings earned a spot! So, without further ado, here's the countdown of the biggest celebrity weddings of 2012.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. The study's findings should play a role in
FOR her formal wedding in September, Faye Juaniza Colon wore a strapless satin gown with tiny buttons down the back. It was
When you're newly-married, it's tough to decide which set of in-laws \gets you\ for the holidays -- perhaps your husband's
Self-proclaimed supermodel Janice Dickinson announced Friday that she is engaged to Robert Gerner, a Los Angeles-based psychologist
We forget that when we marry someone, we are not only marrying who they are today, but we are also marrying who they were as a child. The way in which your spouse argued with his parents is probably going to dictate how he will argue with you.
The romance and passion you knew when you first met can be re-kindled. The spark of your early love can grow brighter and into a more profound experience that is truly lifelong and rewarding.
\I think that people feel like they want it to happen so bad and they don't actually trust their emotions,\ Hebert told \The
How to Decide Where to Spend the Holidays Hot Celeb Couples to Watch in 2013 50 New Must-Have Photos with Your Groom By
Costs matter.  Even little costs can escalate into big costs when \add-ons\ are offered and accepted.  A case in point is the engagement or wedding announcement in your local newspaper.
Sheila Flynn likes 12\u2019s. Read more on newcity.patch.com
Reality TV couple J.P. Rosenbaum and Ashley Hebert tied the knot earlier this month in Pasadena, Calif. The couple, who met
Back in June, another lovestruck filmmaker used LEGOS to create a stop-motion film to propose to his girlfriend. \He was
From Jakharta to Las Vegas, Wednesday's date -- Dec. 12, 2012, or 12/12/12/ -- is viewed by many brides and grooms as memorable
Couples also are getting creative with where they want to take the proverbial plunge. While some still opt for a place of worship to have their ceremony, others have chosen unique locales including historic bed and breakfasts as their perfect spot for tying the knot.
Yesterday I was moving some dates around in my calendar and I realized that next month is my wedding anniversary. Just as that date seems to slip up on me every year, so too did these last eight years.
\On our life together I want you to understand I shall not hold you to any medieval code of faithfulness to me nor shall
No matter how long you and your fiance dated or how many times you\u2019ve been a bridesmaid in your friends\u2019 weddings, there
A culmination of everything that happened in Seattle on Sunday. Onward to Maryland and Maine! Read more on www.buzzfeed.com
Q. Dear Civil Behavior
Despite the minor awkwardness and potential for embarrassment, local news anchors seem to enjoy this type of on-air proposal
You start planning out the wedding weekend in your head. But then, the invite never comes. But, but, you've been invited to the bridal shower or bachelorette party, or maybe even both! Awkward? Yes. Tacky? Yes. So now what?
The musicians you and your future partner choose will provide the soundtrack to your distinctive love story, so it is important to consider all aspects before signing the dotted line.
Planning to propose over the holidays? Heed the advice of proposal planner Sarah Pease. On HuffPost Live Monday, Pease shared
Invitation etiquette can be confusing -- whose name goes where? Is it OK to use colored ink? Are RSVP cards and maps necessary
Even if we wanted to propose to a man, and no one is saying we do, imagining an earnest, sincere woman down on one knee offering
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. The Vegas location will be the first Denny's
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. It's not just dresses that go missing -- click
Last week, we showed you photos of gay and lesbian couples in Washington getting their marriage licenses for the first time
With the average wedding cost soaring over $20,000 these days, every bride out there is looking for ways to save on her wedding budget, while still having the perfect dream day. But free is a dangerous game when it comes to your wedding.
if you're looking to save a bundle on your honeymoon -- or if you don't like plane rides  -- check out these stateside honeymoon destinations that you could drive to:
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Check out photos of same-sex couples getting
We\u2019ve already covered two startups in the past week that aim to help redistribute unused commodities that otherwise would
December is the most popular times of year to get engaged. Could be that lots of families are together at Christmas to share the news with or that a partner wants to literally \ring\ in the New Year.
Getting down on one knee with a ring is so 2011. Over the past year, tons of men (and a few women!) have dreamed up marriage
The Cornelsons aren't the first long-married couple to die in close succession. In fact, it's a surprisingly common phenomenon
Why You Can (and Should!) Doing Things You Hate Just Because Your Partner Loves Them More stories on HowAboutWe
There aren't a lot of how-tos for planning a wedding at the end of the world.
The Seattle Times reported that counties across Washington are operating under extended hours to accomodate the thousands
Sometimes, both sets of families become very emotionally attached to 'getting you' for your first married Christmas, Hanukkah, Kwanzaa, or Thanksgiving. If distance is a factor, someone's family has to 'win.'
Here are five ideas for making the big moment extra special. With some attention to detail, you'll be able to look back on the joyous occasion with relief and reminisce about how you planned it all perfectly.
\I just told her she's nuts. So later in the week I went over to the house and saw [the photo] and decided it wasn't him
\A gift card, yes,\ Thornton replied. Well, kind of. In an interview with TMZ, Thornton, who was married to Angelina Jolie
The holiday season is notorious for being the most popular time of the year for guys to pop the question, so you might be
Again, communication and knowledge that are the keys to alleviating this stress. You need to know what \married sex\ is and
Everybody wants their wedding to be an unforgettable experience, and so do I. But to have that dream wedding you're going to have to get the planning started far in advance.
Numerous phone calls and emails later I secured a job on the road with Truth, one of the tour's sponsors, and thus began the wildest honeymoon I could have imagined.
Mario Lopez wed longtime love Courtney Mazza on Dec. 1 in a gorgeous Mexican wedding. Mazza donned two custom Ines DiSanto
Who says weddings are all about the bride? Grooms are often told all they need to do at their wedding is show up, but we
We were left scratching our heads when we spotted this photo of a bride and groom sitting together in Hanoi, Vietnam on December
Pantone announced the 2013 color on Thursday... emerald green! In honor of the jewel tone, I've rounded up some of the best emerald green wedding ideas on Loverly.
Erotic recovery is a fundamental part of healing after an affair. Your erotic life together is a very basic relationship need. After infidelity, going back to being erotically and intimately connected with your partner can be complicated.
This time it has nothing to do with you acting out or being  crazy. It's your maid of honor. Huh? I know, right? I mean, isn't she is the person you chose to have your back? You'd think, but lately I've heard some absolutely ridiculous stories from brides who are completely stressed because of their maids of honor.
Check out the slideshow below for a list of things Hefner and Harris couldn't possibly talk about. Keep in touch! Check out
Oh, Pinterest. Never before has there been a tool that allows us to indulge in so many wedding fantasies (even when we don\u2019t
Before walking down the aisle, some celebs like to let loose. Strippers are a traditional part of both bachelor and bachelorette
Now that's a kiss! Illinois couple Chris Vogel and Julie Nelson renewed their vows in the middle of the Zappos.com Rock 'n
At the very core of it is the fear of loss, the fear that just when you open your heart to loving this person completely, something tragic will occur that will take him away.
\I'm always cutting it close!\ a breathless Kellee Khalil said Friday morning during our scheduled press call. \My flight
Click through the slideshow to see what our readers think about Hefner and Harris' reported winter wedding, then tell us
Back in May, Susanne and Sune Vib\u00e6k Svanekier posted a video on YouTube of their guests bursting out into a surprise rendition
5. Don\u2019t put the ring in a stocking, it\u2019s been done and she\u2019ll expect it if she\u2019s expecting you to be on bended-knee. Also
IN fairy tales, marriages last happily ever after. Science, however, tells us that wedded bliss has but a limited shelf life
You'll be spending a lot of time with your wedding planner leading up to and including your big day. They'll become your resource, your sounding board, your family therapist, your B.F.F. So get to know them.
Hilda Chac\u00f3n sat down at StoryCorps in New York City with her husband Pedro Mor\u00e1n-Palma to tell the story of how they met. Twenty years ago, Hilda was visiting the U.S. from her native Costa Rica... And Pedro spotted her at a party.
We spent weeks fantasizing, pulling out the maps and guidebooks we've accumulated through the years.  We even checked to see that our passports were up to date.
Planning a wedding can be a challenging experience -- from timelines, to seating charts to never-ending guests lists, there's
Tamblyn isn't the only celebrity bride who chose color on her wedding day. Click through the slideshow below for photos of
Most of all, don't lose sight of why you're bothering to fight in the first place. If it's worth the energy to make a change in your relationship or voice your opinion, it means you're invested in finding a resolution to the issue.
Brides ought to know that when granny raises her eyebrows after being passed an animal mask, it may not be because she's worried that the strap is going to mess up her hair.
When it comes to destination weddings, the options can seem endless and exhausting.
Ryan and Ginell are in their late 30s now and have been married 17 years. They've proved the statistics and some members of our family, including me, wrong.
When Kathleen Baldwin\u2019s fianc\u00e9 dropped her off at Vera Wang, he told her not to spend more than $5,000 on her wedding dress
MY friends still talk about a bachelorette party in Lake George, N.Y., that featured an exotic dancer dressed as a police
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Watch 10 of the greatest viral marriage proposal
Liza Lowinger and Simon Isaacs' idyllic Vermont wedding last June was so picturesque it was featured in an online article
Your wedding is about you and your fianc\u00e9 getting married and sharing your love and commitment with those around you. However, I personally feel that my guests' enjoyment is paramount to that experience.
Wedding dress shopping can be stressful -- from bad bridal consultants to unflattering try-ons, finding the right dress can
These days, all you need to plan a wedding is a Facebook account. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook
Sure, you watched the Kim Kardashian wedding special and pored over every detail of Jessica Biel and Justin Timberlake's
Styling your wedding day look doesn't stop at finding the perfect gown; topping off that frock with spectacular hair will
14 Things Men Love, According To Science 3. Your kids keep asking you if you're getting divorced. As much as you and your
In a twist as jarring in the world of 30 Rock as, say, a revelation that it all took place in a snow globe, or that everybody
The day \30 Rock\ fans have been waiting for is finally here
HuffPost Weddings brought you up-to-the-minute coverage of New York's Bridal Market runways in October, but there were some
Check out photos of Simpson's first baby bump in the slideshow below. \u201cHowever, she still wants to get married soon and is
France is famed for its food and fashions, but young couples are increasingly choosing a British or American-style wedding
Kaes posted a 19-minute edited video on YouTube of the proposal. The audience can't hear him pop the question in the video
You have 80 people on your team now? What\u2019s been the most unfair criticism of the site? What was the moment you knew the
We've covered scientific studies on attraction in the past, but when we noticed #5ThingsIFindAttractive trending on Twitter
This is a love letter to my husband. The man I'll be with forever. The man I can love because of everyone else who has ever loved me. Everyone else who has ever loved me well and loved me badly.
When I first began in this business, it seemed that every couple had \their song,\ but very few couples do now. So it is part of the bandleader's job to suggest one. But what does the bandleader do when a couple has very different musical tastes?
Orbuch advises parents of sons to be mindful of behavior their daughter-in-law may interpret as \meddling,\ while parents
Turn up the volume and the fun during your ceremony with these festive ideas from real weddings. Read more on www.marthastewartweddings.com
Marriage proposals don't get much more romantic than this, folks. \To be honest he's not really a romantic guy...or I thought
The Look of Love
After enduring Sunday night's ridiculous Lifetime movie \Liz & Dick\, we had the urge to look back on the real Liz Taylor's
It gets to that time of year when the best people get married. A winter wedding is by far the greatest. There is chance of
What do a river in the Philippines and a historic steel mill in Pennsylvania have in common? They're both stunning backdrops
Based on personal style and engagement ring design, we hand-picked invitations for some of Hollywood's hottest lovebirds. Here are just a handful of our favorites!
Almost every married person I spoke with before our wedding told me the same thing. \You guys have been together a while, but it will feel SO DIFFERENT once you're married.\
The best way to avoid the money trap and stay happily married? You've got to talk about money with your partner.
My grandmother once  told me that real love is not those champagne moments filled with fireworks.  Rather, real love is a reassuring whisper in the dark of night.
What are you, bridey, thankful and grateful for? If you find yourself stumped, please allow me to give you a few ideas
With holiday harmony in mind, give these seven tips a try and watch your family gathering go from miserable to memorable
On Tuesday, Reddit user krtmxwll posted an image of a dog balancing a blue Tiffany's box on its nose with the title \A girl's
Wish you could be Mrs. Cullen? One 24-year-old woman sure does. She's planning to make Edward Cullen her husband... sort
I am so sick of this overblown non-news story, the generalization of \Why Women Want To Sleep With Powerful Men\, as if all women were lemmings flocking to fancy-titled males, putty in their hands.
Thanksgiving is a time to let everyone know how much you appreciate them, especially your spouse. In the spirit of gratitude
What would you tell two starry-eyed lovers about to embark on the rosy path of marriage?\nThat's the question my brother and his fianc\u00e9e asked me to answer in a \short\ speech on their wedding day. I told them there is no such thing.
For their father-daughter dance, a Broadway-loving bride and her dad put on their dancing shoes -- their tap dancing shoes
There's nothing about a big wedding that guarantees a happy marriage. But, there's also nothing about a big wedding that dooms a marriage.
Standing on a bright blue carpet, my indigo blue Berber scarf indicating some modicum of holiness, and my brown pin stripe suit indicating something like sanctimoniousness, I place one hand on my friend Nick's shoulder and the other on my friend Sophie's.
From JWoww's five carat boulder to Avril Lavigne's pear-shaped moon rock, these enormous stones look both impractical and
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. A spokesperson for the hotel where the wedding
\In that situation the only thing you can do once the flames have been patted out is to once again laugh and keep on shooting
A showstopping bow, plunging backline, or daring cutout in rose crepe-satin
How can your marriage survive and eventually thrive again following a breach of the likes of abuse or an extramarital affair?  The ability to move on and forgive under these circumstances is one of the greatest challenges even the most humble and willing among us will ever face.
Happily married \Magic Mike\ actor Channing Tatum was recently named People magazine's 2012 Sexiest Man Alive, which got
When a HuffPost Weddings Facebook fan commented that she was nervous to give her Matron of Honor speech and needed help, we
Let's just be honest here -- General Petraeus, his former mistress, Paula Broadwell, and even his jovial wife, Holly, along with the rest of us, are forcing ourselves into a box we don't naturally fit into.
Shookie Basuroy proposed to his girlfriend Rajdeep on a hot air balloon ride over Cairns, Australia right after the peak
There are some things to consider during the planning of a wedding that will keep brides cool -- as in calm and collected, and focused on creating an event that not only expresses who you are as a couple, but a fun, memorable night for your guests.
An outrageously drunk wedding guest set his attentions on me and wouldn't leave me alone.  First, he was touchy-feely.  Then he was gropey-grabby.  Then he wanted to dance and wouldn't let go.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. \u201cI was so excited,\u201d Reese told The Today Show
As a wedding gown designer, I am frequently asked, \What are the latest trends in bridal?\, and I honestly just don't get it. This is not the hottest club or latest gallery opening you are going to, this is your wedding!
I asked if the sadness was past or present and he said \present.\ Then I asked, \Are there any thoughts that are creating this sadness?\ To which he responded, \Just the same one; that I'm in not in love with my bride.\
In the beauty world, \natural\ never really means \natural\ -- the same amount of prep and primp goes into creating these modern looks.  But with a little know-how you can pull off this smart and understated style on your Big Day.
When it comes to wedding planning, men sadly, but truthfully, have absolutely no say. None. The one shot they've got, however, is in the marriage proposal. Therefore, get creative, get thoughtful, and pull out all the stops, men.
It's easy to get swept up in the idea of a fantasy wedding seen in a movie, magazine or online article, but keep in mind that every fantasy comes with a dose of reality.
And in July, CNN Money reported that the legalization of gay marriage in New York boosted New York City's economy by $259
From a couple jumping with joy in Florida, to an archway of sparklers in San Francisco, we've got this weekend's best wedding
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. The movie star officiated the wedding between
Celebrity couples split so often you may wonder why they even bother getting married in the first place. But some are actually
As much as I preach about not being a bitch during your wedding planning, it's also important not to be a bitch during your marriage. And frankly, that was me this past weekend.
Yesterday we gave you the run-down on planning a same-sex wedding in Maryland and Maine. You were quick to point out that
But guess who else might shed a tear or two? Don't underestimate the power of sentimental moments -- even on grown men!
Believe it or not, wedding planning during a military deployment is absolutely doable with a little bit of knowledge and guidance.
Many people love the idea of a brother/sister dance and there are clearly ways to do it without becoming a Lifetime movie of the week, but couples should think carefully about why they're choosing to do it.
A San Diego couple discovered a unique way to record every moment of their wedding by hiding a small camera inside the bride's
Ok, so maybe you've been dating for two years. Or six. Or, in my case, 10+...(we were young when we started, give us a break!) But before you even think about answering the big question, I think there are a few to ask yourself.
Longing for a fairy-tale wedding but lacking the requisite castle? Consider OHEKA Castle and Estate in Huntington, New York
When my friend Lauren was planning her wedding, her mom was doing the most. Read more on madamenoire.com
Still, studies indicate that most women choose to take their husbands' names. In 2007, a U.S. Census Bureau study found that
The wedding bouquet toss must have been hard for these brides. Who'd want to part with such incredible designs? We turned
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Each week, new wedding options will be revealed
The legality of weddings performed aboard cruise ships is dependent upon the marriage laws of the country in which the ship
While losing your venue so soon before your wedding is horrific, it's an obvious problem, one you're hyper-aware you need to remedy. Other Sandy effects, like those that follow, aren't as apparent -- and you may not even know about them until it's too late.
Here's what's great about middle-aged married sex.
Congratulations, residents of Maine and Maryland! Each one of you can now legally marry the person you love in your home
It's part of my job to read and look at bridal magazines. But now that I'm looking at them as a bride, I've started seeing things I'd previously dismissed
Click through this slideshow for the latest wedding invitation trends. With pressures from parents, coworkers, your fiance
The photo rose to the top of Reddit's front page on Nov. 7. Wheaton, an avid user of the social news site, wrote in the comments
\Michelle, I have never loved you more,\ he said. \I have never been prouder to watch the rest of America fall in love with
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. UPDATE
One major change in wedding invitations is the fact that no longer do they just provide the basic information about where and when, given all the different invitation styles, shapes, price ranges and personality, the wedding invitation has taken on a life of its own.
It was very clear while they were filming that they not only wanted me to portray me as Mama's Little Princess but that they also wanted to make it seem as though Andrew's opinion didn't count.
Whether your wedding is scheduled during hurricane season or in the winter months when snowstorms may occur, you may want to take the proper precautions should Mother Nature decide to work against you. Here are some helpful tips to \weatherproof\ your wedding day!
Couples can keep their relationship fires burning, even after years of marriage. But they have to consciously and deliberately make it happen. It doesn't happen by default, no matter how much in love you were in the beginning.
Whether ethereal or sophisticated or fit for a princess, your dress will not only be the most greatly anticipated \reveal\ of your wedding, it will also live on forever in your wedding portraits. So it has to look great from the moment you walk down the aisle until the last song of the day is played.
When she called the shop to make her appointment, they told her size wouldn't be a problem, they had a way around it.  They would \paper doll\ her.
McKenzie and Zeus were set to tie the knot on Nov. 3. As Sandy raged on, McKenzie and Zeus received word from their reception hall (booked 12 months ago) that they were not going to be able to provide the hall, food, cake, and decor for their wedding; i.e. they cancelled.
Check out more crazy stories of lost (and found) wedding rings in the slideshow below. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost
Volunteers from Occupy Sandy, which is operating a large grassroots cleanup effort in the New York City area, has a clever
Disclosure
Fall wedding season is in full swing; whether you're a guest or have bridesmaid responsibilities, you're going to want to make sure you're prepared to maximize your opportunities as a single.
Instead of canceling the event, the couple chartered a bus to Orlando for their 80 guests. The Lattimores could trade Sandy
The third season of ITV's hit period-drama marked the brink of the jazz age as old customs and costumes were thrown up for
No one said planning a wedding would be easy. But that doesn't mean it has to take over every free minute. Follow our advice to minimize the stress, keep your inner bridezilla at bay, and still have time for your fiance, your friends, your family -- and yourself.
Inspiring post-Sandy weddings and a St. Bernard groomsman are just some of the highlights from this weekend's crop of reader
In the spirit of shiny memories and self-congratulation, these are the 10 things I think I did absolutely right.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Adam also doesn't have his wedding band because
What you didn't realize is that along with that gorgeous man and ring comes his mother...your future mother-in-law. Sounds cool, right? WRONG! Your future mother-in-law is not the one who keeps her distance and asks, \How high?\ when you say, \Jump\. She's the one that movies are made of.
The \Am I gay?\ question points to two of the most challenging concepts for the anxious mind to accept, especially when you're on the verge of marriage
\Brides of Beverly Hills\ airs Fridays at 10 EaST on TLC. The two had broken off their engagement after Hogan agreed to appear
\She's beautiful. She looked like a princess,\ Fallon told host Andy Cohen. Relive the best moments of Timberlake and Biel's
Forget the church -- one Texas couple took their wedding ceremony straight to the clouds. In light of Felix Baumgartner's
Ten things to do when Hurricane Sandy floods your wedding venue, you\u2019re supposed to get married next weekend, and you haven\u2019t
Sometimes, you just need a little nudge to pop the question. It's all too convenient if that little nudge comes in the form
We've come up with a list of alternative bedroom activities to put you in the holiday spirit!
The number one lesson I\u2019ve learned from planning my wedding is
CHICAGO \u2014 Adrienne Baker walked down the aisle on her wedding day in August wearing high heels, a strapless ruffled dress
When venue rules limit your use of wall art, turn to the stock and trade of the business seminar -- the art projector.  With art projectors, any photograph or artistic design can be beamed onto a broad surface without the need to attach anything to the wall.
Maggie does not exude Sex Goddess, yet recently she told me she's had \somewhere between 30 and 40\ lovers in her life. And her husband, Mark, has had three, including Maggie.
It was on that afternoon that I figured out exactly how to avoid an ex like the plague at a mutual friend's wedding. Why? Because I had no choice.
I'm getting married in a few months. Right now I'm figuring out the guest list with my fiance. His ex-girlfriend is currently
Sometimes no matter how much you plan, the unexpected may thwart your wedding plans. Take for example the historically massive and destructive hurricane Sandy, which hit the East Coast from Virginia to Connecticut on Monday and Tuesday.
You probably love your spouse or spouse-to-be for a good many reasons. You did, after all, agree to marry him or her. Still
Years ago, a wedding planner told me the basis of a successful wedding is remembering that primarily the ceremony is for
Turns out there's more to wedding invitations than just a card and an envelope. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings
Using some basic craft supplies, you can DIY your wedding and wedding leftovers like a champ!
\[Couples] get comfortable and it's like, 'You didn't do this for me, I'm not doing this for you,' and all of a sudden, you've
These prices are based on a barebones, three hour, 60-person wedding and include the cost of a planner, officiant, photographer
Before you start picking out orange and black bridesmaid dresses and stocking up on candy corn for guest favors, take your inspiration to a fancier place. Halloween-themed weddings don't have to be so predictable!
To officiate a wedding ceremony for a couple you know and love is truly one of life's great honors and delights.  And it can also be nerve-wracking!  You're standing in front of two people who are having an out-of-body experience and you have to be their rock and emotional support throughout the ceremony.
Besides me, three of my friends have gotten engaged since January. After talking with them, other friends and family members who have already tied the knot,  and thinking of my own journey down this path, I have thought of the eight sentences that others and myself heard during our engagements, and wish we never had.
How do I love thee? Let me count the ways... On Tuesday, the Twitterverse turned a little romantic when tweeters got the
In theory, it is the fairytale moment every bride might hope for. Even I, admittedly, wished and asked for a secret song in my honor at our reception. But the theoretical and the reality of your big event are two different things.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Click through the gallery below to see more
Wedding photography isn't easy. Anyone who says it is doesn't take the task seriously enough. A good wedding photographer has dozens of variables in his or her head that you most likely don't even see.
Shopping for your wedding gown is arguably the most personal of all shopping experiences. You're not just looking for a dress, but the dress.
While I'm certain they're headed for a lifetime of fair weather, I thought this would be a great time to list my top 10 tips on how to avoid becoming a Groomzilla. (It's not just a female affliction anymore.)
As a wedding planner, I often get asked by my brideys, \Where did YOU get married?\ Like somehow, my wedding was the holy grail of weddings, and if they mimic my every move, decision and even my wedding dress, then their wedding will be a huge triumph just like mine.
With the 2012 presidential race now reaching a fever pitch, it may sound like political opposites Donna and Frank don't have much in common. But as it turns out they do, and it's something major
When photographer Nick Hannes visited Patras, Greece earlier this month to scout locations for a photo project, he stumbled
To this day, Kelsey's favorite photo from that night is of her and her husband, drenched from head to toe, embracing each other mid-laugh. The rest of us should be so lucky.
The modern bride understands that there's beauty in small imperfections. Today's most chic looks evoke being \done\ without being \overdone.\
Did you know October is one of the most popular months for brides to list their wedding gowns for sale?  And did you know the #1 reason women sell their wedding dresses is not for the money?
Here at The Huffington Post, we think \sexy\ Halloween costumes are kind of ridiculous. And when it comes to over-the-top
There are so many emotions involved in the planning of a wedding that have nothing to do with the color of a napkin or how many tiers your cake should have.
\I screamed! I was so happy -- I couldn't believe it!\ In her note to Alissa, Stroinski detailed the \leap of faith\ she
Even though I may never throw myself my own wedding, I am still happily married to a wonderful man who, every day, tells me I am beautiful and that he loves me every day.
So what do we know about her new fiance? According to a report released by the palace, O'Neill was born in London and holds
Is it just us or is everyone pairing off, getting engaged, sending save the dates, forcing you to eat cake, and then, ultimately
It was right then and there that I made an oath to myself that when I got married, I would never, ever make a single woman
She has chosen her partner, and --appropriately -- our most personal conversations have ended for now. Should her feelings swell, negatively or positively, the first person she will share them with is her new husband.
\Jersey Shore\ star Jenni \JWoww\ Farley is starting to plan her summer 2013 wedding, but her preparations don't involve
North Fork Brewery definitely had the everybody-knows-your-name Cheers ambience (rustic logger style), but if this was a wedding chapel in Bellingham, what was the minister like?
When Jessica Biel tied the knot with Justin Timberlake in a gorgeous Italian wedding on Oct. 19, she bucked tradition and
Looking to score some major brownie points with your spouse? You might want to check in with the Twitterverse. On Wednesday
Click through the slideshow below to test your knowledge of celebrities who took their husband's surnames after tying the
Deciding on a makeup artist for your special day is a huge decision! Whether we believe it or not we are highly egotistical creatures.
It was the dream I had last night -- the candlelit affair of tulle, crepe bows and the allure of a silk train snaking up a set of white stone stairs -- that threw me into a full-blown, self-induced panic attack for the majority of last week.
Today's weddings are more than a celebration of the newly minted Mr. and Mrs. -- they are also spectacular pull-out-all-the
The Daily Mirror goes on to state that couple have chosen a different venue for their June 2013 wedding, and are considering
It used to be that the term \do it yourself\ (DIY) really only applied to home improvement tasks, when Dads would be out repairing the chimney or painting the garage. Now the DIY trend has emerged everywhere, from decorating to fashion to weddings.
Reuters reports that Swedish couple Jossie Sockertopp, 23, and Sonnie Gustavsson, 29, tied the knot in a Klingon ceremony
There is an LGBT culture (just as there's a Jewish culture, a Southern culture, etc.) and with that culture come unique trends, traditions and experiences.
The so-called \end of wedding season\ hasn't slowed our readers down! They attended weddings across the U.S. and even in
If it wasn't exciting enough that Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel tied the knot in a \magical\ wedding in the Italian
Weddings are wonderful, but let's be honest
Contrary to popular believe, it is easy being cheesy ... when you follow my easy-breezy-cheesy engagement-photo-taking tips, that is!
Suddenly he is himself again; he is mine, and the children's. I hate this disease, I think to myself for the hundreth, thousandth time. Bipolar, so insidious, so painful, and too often, deadly
You know when you have a best friend but then you realize that they're YOUR best friend but you're not THEIR best friend? That happened to me a few years ago.
By Lauren DeCarlo | New York Magazine Ranunculus in October? Not a chance. Behold these seasonal bouquets distinctly in bloom
Ready for your red carpet moment? From double chin-proofing your pics to dealing with Facebook posts, here are seven steps
Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel tied the knot Friday in Italy. And Timberlake reportedly has a big surprise for Biel. A
It's pumpkin season and what better way to take advantage of the fall foliage than with a pumpkin-themed fall wedding.
The yearly \March of Brides,\ which this year took place Oct. 17, mourns the death of a Dominican-American woman named Gladys
In a recent interview with Playboy, Krysten Ritter \u2014 who plays the title character \u201cDon\u2019t Trust the B\u2013 In Apt. 23\u2033 \u2014 describes
An engagement, in my humble opinion, is a right of passage. And as such  must be honored and treated with respect. It is not merely a \waiting\ period, but rather most couples are navigating the treacherous terrain of each other's families and customs and seating preferences, oh my.
\I do not believe in any bad behavior at all, whether you're getting married or not getting married,\ Cowie said. Click through
While planning a wedding, you may talk endlessly about your dream dress or those cute DIY save-the-dates you saw on Pinterest
Click through the slideshow below to see photos of the couple over the years. According to Tara Gu\u00e9rard, the wedding planner
I never used to care about the groom's cake. To me, it was yet another superfluous way for couples to spend money on something that I deemed somewhat pointless. That is, until three days ago when I witnessed the cutest, silliest presentation of a groom's cake that I have ever seen.
HuffPost Weddings has teamed up with Colin Cowie (yep, the bridal guru behind nuptials for everyone from Alyssa Milano to
When my wife and I got married we wrote our own vows. I carefully crafted mine on the morning of the wedding on that piece of cardboard which comes in the package of new underwear. It was an A-Z list of reasons I love my wife.
Gant told HuffPost Weddings after the event
Drunken proposals While being drunk can boost your confidence, passion and spontaneity (which would seem the perfect combination
Cutting the wedding cake, the first dance, peeking out of the getaway car\u2014a lot of celebrities' favorite wedding moments
I recently sat in a hotel suite in downtown Philadelphia sipping a pre-mixed cocktail called \Kinky\ from a straw shaped like an erect penis. It was my future sister-in-law's surprise bachelorette weekend and I was out of my element.
According to the Daily Mail, the 43-year-old daredevil is preparing to marry his girlfriend, former model and beauty queen
Reading a person's body language, listening to what they say to one another and how they say it and noticing who is talking to whom about what can give good information about them and their relationships.
We checked in with Nadia Digilov, author of best-selling wedding book, \Getting Married in New York,\ to find out how to
If you change your last name in any way, you're going to have some hoops to jump through in the workplace to establish your new identity.
Last week I put on a traditional Chinese costume and sat beside my ex-husband in an obscure city in China, waiting for our son, Andrew, to come riding up on a horse with his bride in a sedan chair and ask us to accept her as our daughter
If love isn't only a feeling, what is it? Once the honeymoon wears off, love is primarily a verb, and to love someone is an active experience.
I asked my girlfriend to marry me on a boat on the wide expanse of Lake George. There was no iPhone to capture the moment
As my upcoming nuptials approach, I beseech you, the Wedding Gods, for divine intervention so that I, the bride to be, don\u2019t
At Bridal Market in New York, which ran Oct. 12 to 15, designers presented their Fall 2013 collections. HuffPost Weddings
While I'd like to go on all day about how horrified I am by the \Real Housewives of New Jersey,\ on the brighter side, I'm very, very happy to report that I see several very rock-solid marriages in that ensemble of people and I think it's worth talking about.
Our readers tied the knot in gorgeous locations from Lake Michigan to Mexico to Cape Town this weekend. Click through the
This year's Fall bridal market in New York City, which ran from Oct. 12 to 15, was full of surprises. From an all white collection
Below, photos of Wang's Fall 2013 collection. Yes, after seeing her black and nude Fall 2012 collection, and her crimson
What was the inspiration for the collection? Monique Lhuillier, couture bridal designer and celebrity favorite (she's designed
What was the inspiration for each of your collections? My wedding, literally! This was 1985, so when you get engaged, you
It's Bridal Market in New York City! From Oct. 12 to the 16th, everyone from Vera Wang to Reem Acra to Monique Lhuillier
I've noticed some definite correlations between the type of wedding a couple plans, and how their marriage turns out. While not entirely scientific, these patterns hold true for nearly all of the thousands of couples I've met and observed.
On your wedding day, smooth, glowing skin is an absolute must.  However, that vibrant and flawless finish found on your cheeks should not stop at the neck, especially when bridal trends of strapless, backless, and even short wedding dresses are on the rise.
Cambridge and Game have been together for eight years and have two children together, 5-year-old King Justice and 2-year
Tonight President Obama's right-hand man Joe Biden will be facing off against Romney VP pick Paul Ryan in the vice presidential
Here at Bespoke Bride we are well reknowned for loving things a little Geek chic so imagine my excitement when my boyfriend
Though rumors have abounded about a breakup between \The Bachelorette\ star Emily Maynard and season eight winner Jef Holm
Every bride has her own signature style -- be it subdued or magnificently over the top. And once you've found the wedding
I didn't think there would be a white horse, but I did fully believe that we were capable of loving each other enormously for a very long time. I believe that now.
And here lies her secret to a successful, long career of matching over 154 couples. She swears that, so far, she has had only one failure. Only one couple broke up soon after marriage from the ones she matched over a span of 12 years.
Wednesday, on HLN's \Morning Express,\ a young couple was invited onto the show as part of the Stories Of Courage series
On Thursday, the ultimate power couple, Bill and Hillary Clinton, celebrate their 37th wedding anniversary. The Clintons
Here I am in my marriage -- and I think I'm finally getting it -- the fact that both my husband and I CANNOT be the dream receivers simultaneously. What is a dream receiver you ask? It's the person in the marriage/relationship who gets to live out their dream, their fantasy.
Let's face it; people are judgmental, especially when it comes to your wedding. If you're in the midst of wedding planning everything you do (or don't do) is under scrutiny.
As I admired the pink gold 1930s Rolex that Paolo fastened around my wrist -- a vintage men's style -- I recalled how my father proposed to my mother with an art deco watch instead of a diamond solitaire.
Julie Clark Shubert and her husband, Gary, have been married 36 years. They live in Greenville, S.C., where he works as an
Take heed young men and women searching for a spouse. Make sure you pick someone that makes you tingle at his or her touch. Figure this out before you order the wedding invitations, hire a band and book the venue.
With so much money spent on the big day, and so many deposits paid in advance -- to book the hall, the band, the caterer, etc. -- disruptions such as poor weather and other malfunctions can throw a very costly monkey wrench into the works.
Honeymooning isn't always as easy as it seems
You haven't met me, but if you did, you'd want to invite me to your wedding. Even if you've already had a wedding, or even
Here's a summary of every response I've seen to the bride who penned the message
It's easy to fall in love with someone, but building a love that lasts? Now that's the hard part. On Monday, tweeters doled
Interestingly, boys and girls indicated that they felt differently about marriage
This isn't to say that weddings themselves can't be a beautiful, meaningful event. And, it doesn't mean that I'm not happy for my friends for starting a new life. It's just that sometimes, I wish their new life would just get the hell out of my face, that's all.
It's arguably the most important question you'll ever ask. You've probably spent hours deliberating on the best way to phrase it, where to ask her and how to keep it a surprise. And while it's understandable to be a little nervous, you'll know she'll say yes; after all, she is your best friend.
\Sex and the City\ was when. \Sex and the City\ was how. And if it took a little begging on my part to get us there, well, I could live with that.
The design team at Valentino shared a sketch of Anne Hathaway's wedding look with People StyleWatch. In case the grainy paparazzi
Do you take this man as your lawfully wedded husband? And do you promise to never flirt online or friend that cute coworker
Talking politics with your in laws may be as pleasant as reclining on a bed of nails, but in an election season it's hard to get away from it.
But sometimes, they find themselves falling -- flat on their faces, that is -- after saying \I do.\ A YouTube compilation
This bride is fierce. When it came time to do a bridal shoot, roller derby athlete Pinky La Pain chose to incorporate her
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Thankfully, wedding season is coming to an
Katy Perry's own marriage ended in divorce, but that didn't stop the \California Gurl\ from belting out her chart-topping
Barbra and James spend time apart.  They talk to each other on the phone often and then, when they do see each other, the thrill, excitement and romance of their relationship blooms bright.
Technology isn't the usually the first thing you think of when it comes to weddings, but the bridal industry is about to
This morning a tipster forwarded us an email from a future bride laying out some ground rules for her prospective bridesmaids
If you\u2019ve watched past the commercial break on My Fair Wedding or actually been to one, you may have gathered that getting
One wedding image that most brides like to have as part of their wedding photos is the ring shot. Today, Rachel Durik from
Wednesday marks the one-year anniversary of the launch of HuffPost Weddings -- and we couldn't be prouder! We celebrated
Click here for even more ideas for your wedding\u2019s printed materials. For more budget-friendly lighting ideas, click here
Three-day-long weddings in the woods (or on the beach, or in the mountains) have become a huge trend for 2013 couples. The idea that you can have all your guests in the same venue for an entire weekend is just too appealing for some brides to resist.
Thus far in my adult life, I\u2019ve had several very serious relationships. I\u2019ve moved across the country for some, contemplated
Robert Pollock started hosting weddings at his Buttermilk Falls Inn and Spa as a fluke. He bought a 1764 house on about 100
No one really warns you that after that magical minute-and-a-half where you and your partner decide to make a lifelong, legally-binding, love-based commitment, a whole mess of other people get involved. And they can really put a damper on things.
Instead of heading down the aisle, hundreds of Boston women donned bridesmaid dresses to run a mile for charity in Boston.com's
Our readers attended weddings all over the U.S. this weekend, and one gorgeous couple tied the knot in the U.K.! Click through
Going meat-less at your wedding might make some of your guests roll their eyes. But we're guessing that, after trying one
Stanley Tucci and Felicity Blunt have been married for almost two months now, but they still decided to throw a formal ceremony
Click the slideshow below to see the proposal unfold
Although I certainly don\u2019t believe every couple needs to take special photos celebrating their engagement, if you choose
With advances in technology, the options for doing just about anything have expanded exponentially, including how we communicate
The wedding of your dreams might cost you a pretty penny, but planning it doesn't have to. Click through the slideshow below
Elton kicked off his summer of wedding singing in Canada at the end of July when he surprised a lucky bride on her Big Day
The idea of a wife being the primary or sole breadwinner is a relatively new one (though\u00a0a new study shows\u00a0that over half of American women are household breadwinners), but speaking as that sole earner
As a newlywed couple, it's really important to discuss a few things; the holiday, who you'll see and what the expectations of each family are. Communication and pre-planning are the best ways to avoid disappointing both families, upsetting your mother-in-law, and your spouse.
How far can a presidential marriage go in explaining a presidency? Not far, according to most couples who occupy the White
I was standing in our bathroom Monday night, angrily brushing my teeth next to J., who was angrily going at his own teeth
How do you know if you're in love? According to Twitter, there are many ways to tell if you've finally fallen or not. #YouKnowYoureInLoveWhen
Our story about a generous bride paying it forward by giving away her dress has generated a lot of interest on our site from
Every bride wants to wear a wedding dress that represents her style and makes her look fabulous. Some brides just don't know
If there's a troublemaker in sight, I'm drawn to them. Whether it be a female friend or a boyfriend, if they're prone to
The wedding and reception may be eight hours from start to finish, but here are five great ideas to make a lasting impact with your special day.
I declined to officiate Jacqui and Simon's wedding because they didn't have a shared vision for their life together.  However, I readily accepted Maura and Micah's invitation because I had the sense that they are two people who help to bring out the best and the bravest in each other.
Hmmm... how to say this nicely... I'm your wedding planner, not your personal assistant. There, I said it. Wow, I feel much better.
Prenuptial agreements aren't just for the rich and famous. They're for regular people too. But just like celebrities, sometimes
Parris Whittingham adores the depth and the intricacies of a true love relationship. I kind of think we all do, but he studies
If you don't want an engagement ring that looks like every other girl's, consider one of these pretty, pretty rings from
Oftentimes, the pressures of wedding planning can make a bride-to-be much more critical than is necessary.  If you find yourself nitpicking tiny spots or flaws in your skin you have never noticed prior, you may be attempting to fix something that was never broken to begin with.
There is no delicate way to put this so I am just going to say it
For the most part, celebrities live lives of luxury, with private jets, the latest fashions, personal assistants and stylists
But not long after her boyfriend, Nathan, proposed, Boyle was paralyzed in a freak accident in February 2012, according to
DRESSED up as Paul McCartney, a groom leaves Sgt Pepper\u2019s Lonely Hearts Club behind him and marries his lover in a Beatles
Dear Urban Diplomat, I got word that my bridesmaids are organizing a surprise 50-person aisle dance for my wedding. Flash
Confessions of love and affection on Twitter are an easy way to tell the world all about your significant other (we're looking
Robert
Parsekian is a film director-producer, but she's best known as a co-founder of Kind Campaign, \a movement, documentary and
One-hit wonders tend to be pretty catchy, so it's not surprising that many are go-tos for wedding reception playlists. To
I adore my brides and grooms and I look forward to welcoming them back to the island as \friends\ when they return for their anniversaries.  But until you've gone down the aisle and said your \I Dos,\ you're my client and I'm your wedding planner, not your girlfriend.
Celebrities have to include a lot of people in their awards acceptance speeches
As we live longer, 'til death us do part' is getting to be tall order. Now relationship experts believe it's time we redrew
Sophie shot the photos at a higher grain to create an old film quality and Emily used Photoshop to create a hazy, dreamy colored atmosphere, along with some ethereal, high-punch black and white filters to finish the fairytale fashion style of the images.
I'm a strong advocate of soon-to-be-married and married couples going to the doctor together.  It's the only way you can both truly be on the same page about your health issues.
From your parents or your in-laws, the insinuations about having babies are not something that you really want to deal with as a newlywed, but you could try to understand the reasons that parents feel so inclined to speak up on the subject.
All those other transgressions seem to pale in comparison (yes EVEN the \you are your mother\ comment) to stepping outside our marriage, our union, the lives we've built, the unit we've created as a couple and sharing himself in the most intimate way with another person.
FOR some wedding couples, Labor Day\u2019s passing simply signals that there is still plenty of time to lace up those sneakers
What if I coached newly-engaged couples on how to speed race through their engagement without giving up the dream?
Enter the wife of the twenty-first century with a checklist honed by looking back at her predecessors' lists and deciding what came up short. For the millennium, requisites became imperative, wives were now strident about it.
When I recently called my mother to tell her that I was getting married, she was ecstatic. After all, my boyfriend, Chris
First Lady Michelle Obama told Access Hollywood on Thursday that her 20th anniversary with husband Barack Obama falls on
Weddings are known to get a little weird sometimes. It's when they get really weird that they get into a \Ripley's Believe
Is a push-up bra the secret to snagging a husband? According to one vintage ad, the answer is a resounding \Yes.\ (Can you
Postnuptial agreements can serve as a valuable tool to help prevent these potential trouble spots from escalating into serious disputes that might ultimately jeopardize a marriage.
The man responded to a few of the commenters, and said he was nervous and had \shaky hands\ while he was trying to dig the
There's no denying that we all enjoy the universals of celebrations -- the good food, the family members getting together and sharing embarrassing stories -- but a holiday with different customs can be unpleasant without some effort to be a part of it.
I can tell you with a fair amount of certainty what it takes to be a blissful bride. But first I'm going to tell you what most women do that nearly ensures that they'll be a wreck at their wedding.
Summer may be officially over, but wedding planning for summer 2013 brides has just begun. To help you put together the best
Click through the slideshow below to test your knowledge of celebrity engagement rings! However, one source told E! Online
The Amazon description of the book, by best-selling author Gary Chapman, says it's aimed at married couples and claims couples
On TLC's reality show \Say Yes to the Dress,\ women come to a tony New York boutique to shop for the perfect wedding gown
Jack meets Jill at a party. They fall in love. \u00a0And within a year, they\u2019re married in front of all their closest family and
Thanks to Refinery29's handy infographic, you'll never have to wonder again. Click through the slideshow below to check out
Why are couples and wedding photographers risking life and limb for wedding photos?
Even though most people understand the idea of a prenuptial agreement, most people do not understand exactly how they work, what they can accomplish and how powerful they can be.
This fall, the Musee d'Orsay in Paris celebrates \Impressionism and Fashion,\ and we're inspired! The romantic pastel hues
Yo ho, yo ho, it's a pirate's life for ye -- and maybe it's a pirate's wife too. Today is International Talk Like A Pirate
Even though Michelle Kwan just got engaged earlier this month, the former Olympic figure skater already knows who she wants
Channing Tatum's breakout role in \Step Up\ got him more than just fame -- it also paired him with his now-wife, Jenna Dewan
\u201cI took Dorothy to Sefton Park, and we sat down on a bench,\u201d recalled the old man softly. \u201cAnd I said, \u2018Darling, I\u2019ve got
The charming and maddening oddity of the athlete mixed marriage is that one spouse cannot live without something that the other spouse cannot imagine doing.
Fall colors can be used everywhere on your big day, so follow these ideas to make your wedding fit in perfectly with the beauty of the season.
There was no way I was changing out of my gorgeous wedding dress halfway through the party, but since I adore a sassy little
Your life is better when she's around, your family loves her, you love her! She treats you like gold, but doesn't let you get away with anything. Here are the ten things that will absolutely let you know if she is the one.
So why do we register for wedding gifts? I recently got married myself, and I can suggest one reason. My future bride and I feared if we didn't give our guests some guidelines, they'd buy us gifts we really, really didn't need, instead of items we only sort of didn't need.
Now I know to engage with him at dinner time, well before bed, so that he can \process\ his thoughts for the day, and he knows that I do not like it when he comes to bed ready to chat about his challenges. So he tries not to. Which is kind.
But because we're not married, I hadn't thought much about moving in together defining our commitment as a certain length of time.  We are making a commitment to move our relationship to the next level.
News reports of celebrity splits often center around one big question
When she announced that she was \engaged,\ it had become clear that Paul was definitely bad news. There were so many stories that didn't add up, so many parts of his past that didn't make sense and finally, by then, my parents could see what he had done to my sister.
Here are five tips to help make your wedding rehearsal as productive as possible.  After all, if you're going to go through the motions, you might as well get something out of it other than just torturing your long-suffering wedding planner.
Wedding Trend
My general stance is pretty basic
I first met Ryan at a Brown Literary Arts Department soiree. In a room full of reedy MFA candidates discussing Derrida\u2019s
Watch the segment above to see the full discussion. According to Karl Pillemer, a professor of human development at Cornell
You may feel like you can now breathe a big sigh of relief and settle right into marital bliss but there is still one outstanding task that remains to be tackled -- the marrying of your financial accounts.
Brideys, the minute you got engaged, you signed on an invisible dotted line, and although you might not have realized it, you signed up for all of the shenanigans that go with planning your wedding.
I chose to see him as a hot piece of tail. He's got a magnificent chest. He smells good. He has shapely legs and soft lips. I vowed to be more appreciative and remember what drew me to him in the first place.
I've been married 18 years, which is a long time, but it's still a small number. Eighteen, big deal. You can't even buy a decent pizza for $18. I like big numbers, so as of today,I have been married for 6,590 days. Thousands of days into marriage, this is what I've learned.
Together, Kiran and I have come up with this list of 10 signs that you've found true love. The clues were there for us both from the start--if only we'd known to look for them.
The moment a groom first lays eyes on his beloved can be emotional and overwhelming. We were moved when Reddit user sexydeathtime
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Mathews began by pretending to give a speech
We cut a lot of costs by avoiding many the formalities of weddings. We ditched the idea of having a bridal party. Instead
As a couple, you need to answer these questions before you navigate the emotional minefield of wedding planning. Otherwise, you'll be held captive by all the things you think you \should\ do and will convince yourself that you are powerless.
Sometimes brides and grooms get hung up on politeness as they start the process of selecting their wedding resources but in the end, it's better to know the good and the bad before selecting some of your most important resources. Just remember, a little charm and humor go a long way.
The events of September 11, 2001 touched too many lives and broke too many hearts. But from the ashes of the tragedy, love
As an independent twentysomething, I want a marriage like the Obamas' or I don't want one at all. I want love to be comfortable
Korean rapper PSY's wacky dance video has taken the Internet by storm, and has already inspired several spoofs. One video
That guy -- the perfect package, the one who's ambitious and emotionally articulate and gorgeous -- doesn't actually exist. And if he happens to embody all three of those qualities, I guarantee you that he has other \imperfections\.
Here we go again. Just as in the 1980's, some conservative moralists and pundits are trying to blame America's current economic
But it didn't matter what I said, her decision to not marry him had been made, but her decision to not back out was also clear. She was going to do it, and she was going to regret it.
For many of us, our grandparents helped raise us, loved us and showed us what it takes to have a long and happy marriage
We've learned a lot about marriage from couples on TV. To celebrate some of our favorite fictional pairs, we've compiled
2. She's too immature for marriage. Kim is constantly portrayed on her reality show as being a bit immature and melodramatic
They do not finish each other\u2019s sentences. Or cut each other off. Their third-grade expertise in taking turns is enviable
While the guests certainly appreciated the eloquent speakers who treated the \audience\ to a wonderful tale of the bride and groom, sadly we all became innocent bystanders of some poor judgment and plain old bad taste.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. While the study suggests a correlation between
Since Mitt Romney and Barack Obama have been pitted against each other on nearly every possible issue, it's only fair to evaluate who did a better job of popping the question.
\u2022 John Fischer of the band The Wonderfuls was hired for an outdoor Texas wedding in mid-July. The band knew it would be hot
The first couple has celebrated previous anniversaries with dinner as well, including their first wedding anniversary as
One of the most popular bridal trends right now is buying a second dress for the reception, allowing brides to groove at
Not too long ago I discussed these wedding tips during a Twitter party with BevMo. But my recent conversation with a dear
A Detroit, Mich. couple's private marriage proposal ended up being very public after their canoe drifted too far from shore
Mike Geller of D. Geller and Son, a jewelry shop in Atlanta, Georgia, is offering a free hunting rifle worth $430 to anyone
I can't tell you how many of my clients proclaim that they WILL lose 10 pounds before the big day! Who doesn't want to look fabulous on their wedding day? Well here are some helpful tips just in case your diet plan doesn't work out!
Celebrities got married and engaged in droves this summer. Natalie Portman, Drew Barrymore and others tied the knot, while
Planning a wedding that reflects your handcrafted style doesn't have to make you crazy or sink you into debt. I've found that the best weddings are those where the couple decided to skip out on the stress and opt for fun at every possible turn.
It happens. Someone you think is great chooses to marry someone... not-so-great. But how do you let your pal know you loathe her favorite person in the world? Take these steps before you alienate your friend.
Yes, I know the show is a bit extreme, voyeuristic, and, well, often a little silly, but when my husband and I were staring into the marital abyss, I learned a valuable lesson from \Divorce Court\ that helped me out at home.
No matter where you are getting married, conserving water should always be a priority. Here are a few ideas that I used at my green wedding and extended into my daily life.
So you've decided to pop the big question and you want to surprise her with the perfect engagement ring that she'll love forever.  But wait... you don't know her finger size!  What do you do?
Famous people would probably like to be photographed looking flawless all of the time. Unfortunately, that doesn't always
After they tweeted their vows, the couple signed a physical marriage certificate. Click through the slideshow below to see
\I've talked to some couples who say 'We're married for decades and we just refuse to talk politics,\ she told The News Hub
Seems like back when our mothers got married, shopping for a wedding dress was so much simpler. They went with their moms
Many of our readers celebrated Labor Day weekend by attending the weddings of friends and family members -- and some even
\I wanted her to realize how empty her life would be without me and how life would have no meaning without me,\ he told Orange
There are a lot of problems with the concept of a single random soul mate. As Tim Minchin put it in his song \If I Didn't
As Isaac Pollak, an ardent Republican, kissed his wife goodbye before heading out on a business trip to Asia several years
Jennifer Aniston never allowed herself to fall into the habit of typecasting a boyfriend, repeating the same negative patterns and thinking there was only one kind of guy for her.
From homespun details to the season's best flowers, check out 10 of our favorite Labor Day weekend wedding ideas and tips in the slideshow below.
When I think of all that my friends have given me -- couches to sleep on, hand-me-down clothes, mix tapes and Internet cat videos -- repaying them with a taffeta dress and a to-do list feels dishearteningly insincere.
Real-life proposals are big productions these days. So, it really isn't a surprise that many television show characters opt
When Bill Clinton declared in 1992 that his administration would be a \co-presidency,\ he heralded a new era of male-female
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Adam Porter's marriage proposal to girlfriend
Favorite Pinterest Pages for Weddings 4 Ways to Deal with Wedding Stress Solitaire! Emerald Cut! Today's Top Bridal Ring
Frankfort is a small town and my hotel was only a few blocks from the First Baptist Church where the ceremony would take
So why do my exes and I choose to remain in each others' lives? Why not cut each other off after a breakup and move on? The reason is simple
Get Involved. You can never go wrong with a simple, sexy, cocktail party. Have a wide variety of great food, cocktails and
WHEN my husband, Fred, and I planned our wedding, he had two strong opinions
Unity candles, unity sand ceremonies, unity salt ceremonies, unity cocktails, and now the UNITY SANDWICH! Rachel and her
He popped the question. You've set the date. Now what? As a former costume designer and image consultant, I have dressed
During her Tuesday night speech at the Republic National Convention, Ann Romney talked about meeting her future husband at
After our \10 Clich\u00e9 Poses We've Seen Too Many Times\ slideshow ran on August 18, Philadelphia Wedding was inspired to ask
I mean, I guess I understand the thought process, but I think the \morning after\ should be saved for JUST the newlyweds. No?
You might think hipsters don't get married because it's too mainstream. But guess what? They do. And while their weddings
Selecting your honeymoon destination from a list of well-known hotspots guarantees you'll have to deal with two things
Using the word \whatever\ because it's convenient and lets you off the hook for a decision is setting yourself and your relationship up for a downfall.
Whether you're the bride, part of the wedding party or a guest, the last thing you want is to be cemented in wedding album history with a sunburned nose, tired eyes, and a blemish lurking dangerously close to your mouth.
On Sunday, Ariel Meadows Stallings at Offbeat Bride cried foul on the trend, saying she'd never heard of it until the photos
\She wasn't even sore the next day. She was on the dance floor doing the salsa,\ Antonie said. But Antonie really wanted
This is a topic I've blogged about before, but in every incarnation, it gains another species.
No bride or groom wants a wedding crasher -- especially one who appears in photos from the long-awaited Big Day. But to the
The Sun reports that Pitt has picked an array of wines for his impending nuptials, including a ros\u00e9 called \Pink Floyd,\ according
After all the planning, prepping, and smiling for guests whom you definitely didn't invite (\Oh, so your my mom's neighbor's daughter's friend? I see!\), a romantic getaway will be just what you need to kick off your wedded bliss.
For instance, a Boston friend had her shower and bachelorette party all in the same weekend, making it much easier for out
The undead are pretty unromantic but for Embry and Wilson they have a special meaning
This summer's heat wave has us cranking up our air conditioning. But we still love a good heartwarming love story, whatever
Shortly after we had our final drinks we decided we wanted to go find some food. We stood in the lobby weighing our options
Many Chinese celebrate Valentine\u2019s Day on February 14, but yesterday was the traditional Chinese equivalent of the holiday
Whether or not you choose to invite kids to your wedding is totally up to you, but if you do include the little ones, it's your responsibility to make sure there is plenty of age-appropriate entertainment available.
Date, venue and guest count. These are the top three things that puts your caterer in the right mindset for your call. If your date isn't booked, the entire call could be for naught. And who has time to waste? Neither of you.
Even with the economy in a slump, the average cost of a wedding is rising. So why not save a couple bucks and walk down the
Jess
Work hard to love the person first by accepting and embracing everything about them. That way, when you say your vows, \For better or for worse\ won't be hard to live up to.
All newlyweds need a little marriage advice to start their lives off right. Even if they think they know everything about
I got engaged a few months ago, and at about the same time two of my other friends got engaged AND my brother's baby was
David\u2019s Bridal is finally tying the knot. The 300-store wedding-dress retailer has agreed to be acquired by private-equity
Yet many brides fall into some classic negotiating mistakes when contract time comes. Most first-time brides aren't experienced negotiators and repeat brides who have done this before can go over the top trying to demonstrate knowledge and aggressiveness in negotiating.
The resort gave the couple a beach vow renewal ceremony and six-day stay, and the hotel provided all the amenities for the
Because we're poorly educated about transitions in our culture, we mistake the fear for doubt and thus begins a scary domino effect of believing that we're in the wrong relationship. The message is
Doing it DIY is a perfect way to add some fun to the oft-mocked tradition of the wedding shower.
Ladies, if anyone knows what it's like to be ready to get engaged and not have a ring on your finger yet, it's me. Even though I was super-young when I was set for Paul to pop the question -- at the ripe old age of 21 -- we had been dating for eight years at that point.
The couple, who were together for more than 15 years and have three children, filed for divorce at the end of 2010. Dugan
Having strangers shower your girlfriend with flowers as she walks down the street seems to be the proposal trend du jour
One of the most common questions that you hear during summer\u2019s high wedding season is, \u201cHow did he propose?\u201d Gender norms
\I was blown away,\ Fontenot told 9 News after the jeweler, who reportedly has a soft spot for romance, gave him the ring
No matter how far removed an argument was from our finances, at the climax of each disagreement he would throw his breadwinner status in my face, as if to say I had no right to complain about anything. It enraged me.
Before you begin to argue over whose turn it is to do the dishes, take out the trash or scrub the toilets, it's a good idea to make a list and divide the chores in a way that's agreeable to both of you.
Let's take a break from disturbing wedding trends (See
I\u2019d been going along with it until then, not thinking about what I was doing. Weddings sweep you up in a whirlwind of triviality
You've found that special guy or girl -- the person you want to spend the rest of your life with. Make your wedding, elopement, or honeymoon just as special as your relationship.
In many cases, instead of friends being pleased that the widower had found someone to love and share his life, they in fact resented the new relationship.  As though marrying again somehow blotted out the dead wife.
There was one glitch in this new-found fancy job that had me in daily contact with some of the most famous designers in the world
Reality TV weddings seem to be an entertainment staple these days. But some of the most memorable (and, arguably, the best
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Whether they enlist strangers with flowers
Indian weddings have always been known for their grandeur and fun atmosphere, but when it comes to planning them, it's a whole different ball game. With the amount of events leading up to the wedding and the what-seems-like 40 different rituals within the ceremony itself, it can be overwhelming for brides-to-be.
I'm nearly one month out from what I'm assured will be the greatest day of my life.  But given the past two months, I'm wondering if that's merely a comparative statement people use to explain the differential between the horrendous lead up and the sweet, sweet relief of the \It's Over\ moment.
This weekend, our readers attended weddings around the globe, from the U.S. to the U.K. to Nigeria. Click through the slideshow
Not even celebrity weddings are safe from Big Day blunders. While some stars had to deal with mini-distasters like bawling
Newly-engaged Jen Aniston hasn't picked a wedding dress for herself yet. But we took the liberty of choosing one for her
It's recently come to my attention that not all of your \friends\ or BFFs, bros, sisters or whomever understand that pranks, embarrassing toasts and simply being contemptible is just not cool or appropriate at a wedding.
There's no shortage of in-your-face wedding planning on TV right now, but I was curious
Couples are taking back their weddings and doing their Big Days their own way more and more. But, unfortunately, wedding
Anyone can hop online and search for popular honeymoon destinations, but what I have right here is straight from the source -- real honeymooners.
He told HuffPost Weddings that Aniston is a \romantic lady.\ He says that her romantic style will probably be incorporated
Every marriage has to have a good guy and a bad guy in it for the couple to survive in the real world.  You can't both be the Cleavers or you'll get eaten alive out there.
Before I get into the what, where, why and how of my fairly public marriage proposal to my now-wife Kristina, there's something
I was watching an old episode of Grey's Anatomy the other day, the one where George and Callie elope in Vegas like two days
Last April, at 22, I married my boyfriend in a secret 10-minute ceremony behind the Philadelphia Art Museum. The bride wore
Are you boring your husband to death? There used to be a pill for that. Click through the slideshow below to see some cringe
According to a recent survey, the Clark University Poll of Emerging Adults, found that 86 percent of people--single and married
Are you thinking that she's with the wrong guy, that if she were really in love with her fianc\u00e9 then she wouldn't be having these dreams about her ex, that the dream is a message that she's unfulfilled sexually by her fianc\u00e9 and a harbinger that her marriage is doomed to fail?
One came from Hollywood, the other from Bollywood. They were born on opposite ends of the earth, but on July 6, 2012, David and Anil exchanged vows in an intimate ceremony on a Chelsea rooftop.
The buzz about Jennifer Aniston's engagement to Justin Theroux already has wedding dress designers at their drawing boards
Maybe your wedding destination is your backyard. But that doesn't mean it can't feel like a Caribbean island. In honor of
What do Mario, Gandalf, and Luke Skywalker have in common? They were all part of a wedding at some point. From Frodo to Princess
I'd like to cement my reputation as the Grinch Who Stole Weddings by floating my lil black cloud over to the guests' section, raining on their reception parades with my unsolicited, iron-clad rules for What Not to Say While Giving a Wedding Toast.
Okay, obviously I really, really like weddings. In fact, I'd go so far as to say I LOVE weddings. I love teeny-tiny weddings
(Scroll down for photo) Lakshal Perera, a wedding photographer in Melbourne, Australia, captured one couple under the Milky
\Malia came over after we were booed for not kissing, and she was just disgusted with us,\ the First Lady said. The First
Joseph would wake Cassie up by playing \Home\ every Sunday, and Cassie loved watching the San Diego-based father-daughter
I am sometimes aghast at how much money I spent on my wedding dress. Four figures, more than I\u2019d ever spent on any item of
I was hungover when I arrived at the City Clerk\u2019s office. I had been out all night at Union Pool despite the fact that I
When Israel Wayne was in his early twenties, his mom started talking to him about a girl named Brook. Specifically, she asked
Here's what you can say to your excellent, longsuffering wife this August, to completely kill your chances of ever receiving another loving kiss or fond caress, and then what you should say instead, you know, just in case you wanted to keep on living.
Teresa and I both knew we were going to get married eventually, although we'd never really said it out loud. (I found out
More and more couples I speak with return home feeling melancholy from their trip of a lifetime.  A bit of a wedding postpartum has set in; the big event you spent much of the past year thinking about and talking about is over.
It may come as a surprise, but even an event focused entirely on sporting prowess can provide inspiration to strengthen one of our most important relationships
Considering my deep personal involvement in the diamond business, my opinion might surprise you -- diamonds are a terrible waste of your money.
While garden weddings can be exceptionally beautiful, it's important to plan carefully to ensure your special day is a success. Follow these five tips below to plan an event you'll love, and that your guests will be talking about for years to come.
They say memories last forever - yet try to remember the date a significant event happened and it could be more of a struggle
\Go ahead and turn to the person you came with and tell them 'I'm yours,'\ Mraz sang to the crowd, just before he called
Everyone has heard horror stories about meeting strangers online. You never know who you're really letting into your life
After South America, the couple will head back to the U.S. so they can check the southern states and New York City off their
Kim Kardashian's failed marriage might have cursed her Montecito, Calif. wedding venue. But other stars have had better luck
I am a journalist, not a preacher, and I'm not about to tell everyone to hold off on sex until wedding vows are exchanged. But I've come to believe as a longtime relationship writer that it's best to hold off on sex until it comes with love.
\Do you like green eggs and ham?\ Most of us have fond memories of reading the Dr. Seuss classic \Green Eggs and Ham\ as
Just as wedding season is coming to an end, election season is beginning. To kick off election season HuffPost Weddings style
Does anybody else attending your wedding know that you and the guy they're seated beside used to do more than just Algebra homework together down in his basement after school? Just wondering.
Now I'm not one to engage in adulterous talk, even in jest, since when you think about it, being cuckolded by a celebrity is still be cuckolded -- so why even go there?   But I'm coming around to the idea that it might be fun to have a co-crush.  A celebrity couple crush.
If you asked me two weeks ago, I would have told you that it\u2019s tacky to announce your engagement on Facebook. Facebook is
The eastern lawn of Park Live, the venue for Olympic Park big screens, is thought to have seen 25 proposals since the Games
When brides and grooms see each other for the first time, it's not unusual for them to fall head-over-heels all over again
Susan said \u201cYes, esposa.\u201d Gorgeous Hostess #3 called us a cab and off we went. \u201cEsposa\u201d came up again. Same thing, same reaction
Watching the Olympics is a good reminder that when done well, people make very difficult things look easy.  That's often the truth with beautiful weddings.
No matter what you think about your BFF's wedding dress, at least she's not strolling down the aisle in one of these ugly
How long will it take before she understands that a stable, loving relationship is happily ever after, and that those qualities only occur when both partners commit to enduring the inevitable highs and lows of a longterm love?
During our impromptu toast and cake cutting/face smashing, complete with two-foot tall \Bride\ and \Groom\ glasses gifted by a friend, I heard someone whisper to the person next to her, \Did they actually get married or not? I'm so confused!\
Lady Gaga seems to be pushing the boundaries with her style yet again. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook
Who says you can't act like a big kid on your Big Day? One New York City gay couple took inspiration from their childhood
Since it was our last day in Puerto Rico and my gal pal Scarlett's birthday, we decided to splurge and go out in island style at The Gallery Inn. Funds were almost nil from a week's worth of adventures, but in this case, we were singing \Que Sera, Sera\ as it was time to celebrate.
10 Super-Cute Nerdy Marriage Proposals 1. Demonstrate that you are an adult. If you have yet to become somewhat of an \equal
Clearly, couples should discuss and negotiate the baby question (and all other pivotal issues) before making a serious commitment
There's nothing wrong with feeling sexy on your wedding day. But please, save the crazy sexy stuff for the wedding night
I've suffered through more than my fair share of \Groomzillas\ in the past five years, but there were certainly a few that truly stand out in my mind.  It's certainly proof that weddings can bring out the worst in anyone.
It\u2019s been a tough year for celebrity couples. From Katy Perry and Russell Brand to Heidi Klum and Seal to Demi Moore and
Some people buy sports cars. Some people quit their jobs and travel the world. Some people run -- or attempt to run -- marathons
By Gray MacDonald, Brides Planning a beach wedding? You'll need a hairstyle that can withstand a day in the sun, not to mention
It's millennials who are most likely to toss tradition aside, and it's millennials who are getting married right now. But that doesn't mean that everyone at the wedding will appreciate it.
The 24-hour breakfast chain has leased more than 6,400-square-feet of space in Vegas' new Neonopolis in the downtown core
Natalie Portman tied the knot this weekend, in her typically understated style. The Oscar winner married French dancer Benjamin
Can you keep a secret? Natalie Portman can. After months of rumors, she kept her weekend wedding a secret from the press
NASA had a very big day on Monday, with the successful landing of their newest Mars rover, \Curiosity.\ But one thing is
It's not that the idea of three hours of child-free, wine-fueled conversation in an overpriced restaurant with candlelight doesn't sound lovely... it does. I believe in everything that happens in between date nights.
\All the people out there, stick it out for the long run, man,\ he told TMZ. The Game -- That Wedding Snafu Cost Me $100k
Before blogs and email, most people wrote love letters to their significant others. While digital devotions may last forever
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Valentine, however, still held onto his dream
But he was probably expecting tears, not blood. One sweet groom might have been expecting liquid to run down his bride's
Do you know that this isn't really love? *** Sheryl Paul, M.A., has counseled thousands of people worldwide through her private
Remember, you are the star of the show and all eyes are fixed on you! Here are a few tips to help you streamline what can be a very overwhelming process.
How sad that having different last names in marriage is no longer a progressive sign of gender equality but a socially accepted and presumed sign of divorce.
HuffPost readers kicked off the first weekend of August by celebrating the nuptials of their friends or family members -- and
\Hopefully once he meets me he'll realise I'm a very fun, a very generous and I'm a very kind a loving person and he won't
Considering an open bar at your wedding reception? Don't forget the beer! In honor of International Beer Day, here are photos
You may be one of those precocious and cautious couples that seek such training from a therapist or from a workshop right before or soon after your marriage. Or you may be the starry -eyed, idealist, lazy, avoidant procrastinator who waits until the s--t hits the fan before rushing to seek help.
But what about the lives of those who remain faithfully monogamous, where monogamy has become the exception rather than the rule? I wanted to hear how they make it work.
Looking for a wife? Twitter knows where not to find one. Click through the slideshow below for Twitter users' opinions on
The legal ceremony requires little else besides the license, bride, groom, officiant and witnesses, but from there anything goes and is indicative of the personal creativity and budget constraints of the couple getting married.
Related Links
Click through the slideshow below to see other crazy and cute proposals. Williams' brother-in-law, admittedly after a few
Other sports fans' proposals haven't gone as planned. Just this week, a Chicago Cubs fan's proposal lit up the jumbotron
The wedding venue can eat up a big slice of your wedding budget, so you might want to figure out ways to shrink that bill
(I assumed the long-awaited promotion had come through.) \u201cYou did what?\u201d (I had heard the word \u201celoped\u201d somewhere in there
Brideys read this again. Because I can assure you that your vendors are not trying to be difficult or make it inconvenient for you to schedule an appointment with them. They are simply being mindful of the couples who are getting married the same weekend you'd like to meet.
We all know you totally baited your coworker into bringing up that wedding she's going to next week just so you could talk about it. What you're experiencing is wedding withdrawal, and there is a cure.
It's amazing how much less concern there is when you take the getting married part out of the wedding and just have a party.
I spoke with a few other women who were somewhat panicked that their kids were going to be gone. It wasn't worry for the kids. Rather, it was worry for themselves. What were they going to do alone with just each other for two weeks?
I remember the first time I found out that one of my friends had an arranged marriage. I was at a work function and struck
She was Czech, he was American. Both Olympic rifle shooters, they met at the 2004 Athens Games, fell in love and married
Keep these myths in mind as you start your planning process to avoid some of the challenges the brides who've gone before you have had.
Every girl dreams about finding the perfect dress for the perfect day. A dress to have and to hold, for better or for worse
And who could forget this adorably bossy flower girl who just wanted everyone to be quiet during the wedding ceremony so
Where do stereotypes come from? Books, films, reality TV shows? Whatever the source, we seem to be universally familiar with
Though Lancianese's flash mob proposal might be one of the most elaborate we've seen lately, his is not the first to use
My family and I knew that the shots she captured could be the last photos we had with my dad. Stef handled that pressure
What happens if Mr. (or Ms. Right) is not a U.S. Citizen?  Unless you are planning on moving abroad, you better quickly figure out a way to keep your betrothed in the United States legally.
In addition to their guests, celebrities command the attention of millions of fans. By infusing their weddings with a sense of respect for the environment, they have the opportunity to inspire their guests and fans alike and transform their wedding into an event that will be remembered forever.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. My Fox Houston reports that Burth was wearing
Photos of the reception, which was held in Straits Quay Convention Center in Penang, Malaysia, can be seen here. Click through
Before meeting with each of the vendors that you have in mind, you need to have a detailed list of questions prepared.  Asking these important questions will help assure there will be no surprises along the way!
For most couples, getting engaged is typically described with words like thrilling, joyous, and magical. For these five star
(ARA) - The man of your dreams, a stunning dress and the most darling shoes to go with it - you have everything you need
Brides have to stick together. After all, no one better understands why it's of the utmost importance that you have Vanda orchids and not Dendrobium orchids in your centerpieces. So let's not piss each other off, okay?
But as I age -- and move out of the wedding phase of life and into the era when everybody starts getting divorced -- I don't go to all that many weddings anymore. So when I do -- as I did some weeks back -- they are a real source of rejuvenation for me personally.
In the end, the hullabaloo over the ring seems like a whole lot of noise that can often distract women from appreciating the real everlasting bond between husband and wife
Many of our readers spent the last weekend of July celebrating the nuptials of their friends or family members -- and getting
With wedding season in full swing, newlyweds are busy settling into their new and exciting lives together. But as couples
I heard about this engagement from a colleague at a summer gathering in Manhattan. As usual, I was curious and wanted to know more. I interviewed the couple and the proposal planner who helped orchestrate the event, and now I bring you all the juicy details.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. But all hope is not lost for Sanders and Ross
Mr. Curry and I were in a fight last night, which derailed, as it often does this last year, into a fight about how we fight, who is doing what wrong and how often they do it and why it makes us crazy and unable to get anywhere.
Growing up just outside the nation\u2019s capitol, Sara McCord's childhood dream was to someday be the President\u2026and a supermodel
Interactive save-the-dates and eccentric invitiations were also some of the key wedding trends identified by experts for
I have often left a delivery amazed at how a bride can be so meticulous and stylish when it comes to her cake design, only then to house it in the far, dark corner of a fluorescent-lit cavernous banquet hall.
Some athletes work for nearly their entire lives for a chance to compete for the fabled Olympic gold. Well, maybe you can't
The usual place to find brides throwing dollar bills at dancers is the bachelorette party. But in Thursday's episode of TLC's
CHICAGO\u2014According to recently engaged and utterly smug shitheads Ross Bird and Jessica Black, the couple wants their upcoming
With so many weddings every year, almost anything can be considered a wedding \trend.\ Also, anything can be considered \not a trend.\
If an 800-pound bride can wear a wedding dress, an average size 14 should be no problem. One British bride left a bridal
PYONGYANG (The Borowitz Report)\u2014The press department of the Democratic People\u2019s Republic of Korea has released the official
Is your celebrity gossip column-reading paying off? Time to test your knowledge of celebrity brides from the 2000s. We've
It\u2019s no secret that weddings are expensive. In 2011, couples across the U.S. spent an average of $27,000 on their nuptials
When a man says \yes\ to one woman he's saying no to every other woman on the planet and, for many men, this is a hard pill to swallow. And yet it has no bearing on how much he loves his bride.
The author has been to six gay weddings with two more coming up -- so eight in two years.  Not a big deal in my opinion.  We've all been to loads of straight weddings over the years.  Suck it up -- or don't.  You don't have to go!
I had been struggling for some time with how I was going to present the rings, and then one day I think I was browsing Pinterest
It's becoming more and more popular to write your own wedding vows, especially to give them your own unique twist. From rapping
And I don't mean they have a ball park budget they need to narrow down, I mean most haven't even considered how much their grand plan will total up to when all is said and done.
While I have no doubt that Emily is thoroughly unique, I just can't see how this description applies to the main stone which is one of the most common diamond shapes purchased in the United States.
With wedding websites, electronic save the dates, thumbprint guest books and alternative registries, modern weddings can leave older generations behind.
I urge you to pull it together and focus on the amazing possibilities that wedding night sex has to offer. You've got the honeymoon and the rest of your lives to catch up on rest.
You already know that your wedding will be over in the blink of an eye. And one of the most common regrets we hear from newlyweds
10 Most Cringe-Worthy Wedding Reception Moments How NOT to Dress for a Traditional Wedding Related Links
Married in Margaritaville, anyone? Even if you keep track of your salt shakers and don't end up venturing to a Jimmy Buffett
Every two years, the Olympic Games have athletes bringing gold, silver and bronze back to their home countries. But a few
Marriage is NOT the same no matter where you live. For example, we haven't had a good old-fashioned, knock-down, drag-out screaming match in I don't know how long.
Most men and women I know want to have a lot of sex. Hot sex. Passionate, interesting, refreshing sex is what we want.
The Next Web reports that Hathiramani pre-loaded the tablet with all of Gupta's favorite media and presented it to her as
Marilyn Monroe was known for many things, not least among them her ability to wrangle a mate. Even 50 years after her death
Dream of being a June bride in 2013? There\u2019s little less than a year left to plan the affair if you get engaged right now
The Wedding Wagon's price tag includes photos and a minister -- even a t-shirt if you book by the end of July -- but not
Several years ago, a rabbi rather prophetically told my husband and me that with the exception of religious couples, the institution of marriage will soon be extinct.
We picked the night of July 3 when there would be a full moon and high tide. It ended up being beautiful -- even the water
Miley Cyrus likes to spend her days playing with her dogs, skateboarding and watching television marathons of \SpongeBob
Those born at the height of the name-hyphenating craze will be the first to tell you \u2014 having two last names can be more
This week, couples tied the knot in some unexpected locations -- from Treasure Island in the San Francisco Bay to the football
The couple were in a theater in Aurora, Colorado, watching a midnight showing of \The Dark Knight Rises\ with Legarreta's
That means seeing what he's like when he's tired, stressed, exhausted, taxed or generally how most people function during a normal workweek.
These days, you can't check out at the grocery store without seeing photos from the latest celebrity wedding. But what about
This year, it seems like every marriage-minded male across the country has used the Bruno Mars hit \Marry You\ to pop the
Here at HuffPost Weddings, we believe in having your Big Day your way. (Have you seen our Take Back Your Wedding campaign
A new survey by the photo printing website MyMemory says that some brides are feeling a bit ruffled by guests who post candid
Liu's study didn't collect data on interracial couples, but she told HuffPost Weddings that she plans to look into those
What's the difference between the average person talking crazy about his wife and John Travolta talking crazy about his wife
The couple admits that neither of them knew what to expect or what they were doing when they locked lips for the infamous
The Quebec, Canada couple started dating around age 11, but Rodrigues broke off the relationship at 13. The couple then went
Many of the looks from the Fall 2012 couture runway shows earlier this month provided inspiration -- albeit in the form of fantasy -- for fashion-forward brides who have a flair for drama. Here, a look at our favorite wedding-worthy gowns.
Between revamping your online profile, arming yourself with some new dating strategies, using technology to date smarter and more efficiently, and having some standards about how you deserve to be treated, a whole new dating experience awaits you!
She'd forgotten something at home and returned sooner than expected to pick it up only to find her husband of 15 years, Frank (pronounced Franc) watching an adult film on his MacBook Air.
My husband and I have been married 14 years, have three children, each one in school, and are so overwhelmed. Between shuttling the kids around and homework, I feel like my marriage is nonexistent.
The first thing that your guests notice is the d\u00e9cor. From the minute they step in and look around, they can tell if your wedding was put together last minute or if you truly paid attention to details.
Ready, set, wed! If you follow these amazing tips, you might get married by 2016 or so. Caroline and I are right behind you, we swear.
Stay the course, feel your difficult feelings, challenge the false thoughts, and you, too, will land on the sandy shores with your sweet beloved by your side.
[H/T
How many brides and grooms out there are willing to admit that they jump for joy every time they get a \Declines with regret\ RSVP in the mail? If at least half of you didn't raise your hands, you're big fat liars.
This proposal kept me up at night. We had to find a rooftop in NYC that would allow such a proposal. Next, we had to find
When fate and destiny call your name, you don't turn them down...
Like a Facebook page come alive, the Buddymoon is a shared experience, complete with an ongoing dialogue and group participation at (nearly) every juncture.
Rarely is the only problem in the relationship the fact that he hasn't proposed. Sometimes we get so focused on why he isn't choosing us instead of asking ourselves if he is really the right choice for us.
Some blushing brides have more reason than one to blush. These celebrity brides walked down the aisle with baby bumps under
Lately, celebrities from Bill Clinton to LeBron James have been making unannounced appearances at \regular\ people's weddings
Making it to your wedding day takes a lot of planning and a little luck. In honor of Friday the 13th, we've rounded up some
How about having your wedding officiated by the pop band Train? Now that's big. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings
Kors and LePere said \I do\ sans shoes on the beach in Southampton after a day full of massages and caviar. The post-ceremony
Use these helpful tips on the morning of your wedding day to guarantee a magical and centered day.
Read these tips and take notes -- or else suffer the consequences of doing too many things at once.
The social media giant unveiled (pun intended) a new feature on Thursday, formally called \Weddings and Celebrations,\ that
Budding photographer Angila Golik was out practicing her favorite hobby the night of July 2 while visiting Washington, D.C
We've all seen it -- a young couple out for dinner at a nice restaurant, the very pinnacle of overused clich\u00e9s to avoid when asking for a woman's hand in marriage.
Women have been known to say that wedding planning was filled with some of the best, most stressful or even worst times of their lives!  No matter how you feel about your experience, you may be left thinking that you have nothing to fill that void.
Do you ever wonder what goes on behind the scenes when you order a custom wedding gown? I went behind the veil with Rami Kashou to bring to you the ultimate custom bridal experience.
When Robert met Mary, in the early 1620s, the marriage pool in Plimoth Colony was limited. The entire population was around
On Saturday, I saw a woman run out in front of traffic. She was a bride and it was her wedding photographer\u2019s idea. \u201cGo for
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Here's one \I doo\ that you'll never want
As more states legalize gay marriage, and after President Obama's announcement that he supports gay marriage, more invitation
With the Olympic Games set to start at the end of this month, there is an air of excitement building around the world.  As a Proposal Planner, it got me thinking that participating in the Olympics and proposing marriage have a lot in common.
After working with me for almost a year on her wedding planning, at the very beginning of her welcome party (the first of three days of events), she introduced me and my staff to her future parents-in-law as \the help.\
Marriage is tough, sister. Some of this you know, like nixing the idea that towels will be folded a certain way, tolerating game night with the boys, or if you're a guy, maybe you've heard there will be love stories on your plasma TV.
Vera Wang, the queen of all things bridal, is separating from her husband of 23 years. Though the magic in her marriage has
Any bride expects to look like a princess on her wedding day. But what if she's also expecting? We went in search of the
Click through the slideshows below to see some other in-flight proposals. Jonathan Salama spelled it all out for his girlfriend
Oh weddings. They are such a joyous occasion. The flowers, the guests, the dress, the music, the emails, etc., Wait what
I\u2019ve always been a guest, never a bride, so I can say this objectively
My husband and I met the usual way\u2014in a dive bar. Over the years I\u2019ve spun the story to make it sound less like a clich\u00e9
Mason looked at his partner apologetically as he stood up from the table and mouthed, \I have to go.\ In the cab, he recounted
The CDC always stays current with the lastest disaster preparedness plans. Last year, they debuted a Zombie Apocalypse plan
A piece of toast believed to have come from Prince Charles' breakfast plate on the day he married Princess Diana is to be
Facebook updates about friends' weddings are annoying enough to single folks, but they're survivable. Going to a friend's
But having just been through the wedding ceremony process from start to finish, I have happily discovered it is unremitting love that is indeed the strongest, and best, force in the universe.
Although your impulse may be to start calling photographers and caterers, I recommend you and your fianc\u00e9 really take some time to sit back and think about the elements that are important to the two of you for your special day.
Most brides can't wait to tell everyone they know about their engagements and developing wedding plans. But others decide
What we couldn't possibly have known was that in addition to a love of Jane Austen and Italian pastry, we would share something else, something totally unexpected
I had just moved to Memphis to start my Master\u2019s that fall. She was in town from Tel Aviv. We both happened to be at the
Let\u2019s face it, marriage isn\u2019t for everyone. As a matter of fact, Nia Long made headlines recently for declaring that marriage
If you want to bake your own wedding goodies, you can green everything from the ingredients to the presentation. This list of ideas starts in the kitchen and ends with a beautiful cupcake stand for your guests to \Ooh and Aah\ over.
Rosemary Olivero tied the knot in Boston last summer. The 32-year-old pediatrician, who recently moved to Grand Rapids, Mich
\I'll give you once piece of advice. Never go to bed angry,\ Madonna told the couple before she got back to the music. After
Here's a secret the mainstream media doesn't tell you
What's the last thing you'd ever want to see at a wedding? Dead newlyweds, right? Well, couples with a dark sense of humor
A group of Australian women celebrating a bachelorette party mistook three police officers for male strippers when they stopped
June is infamously known as \wedding mayhem month.\ It seems like couples everywhere choose this month over any other to
Torres isn't the first newlywed to have his Big Day cut short by police. An Iowa man was also arrested on his wedding day
The day after their wedding in Fort Valley, Ga., in March 2011, Erin and Scott McDonnell got into her mother\u2019s car and headed
Whether or not your pal was the one who called off the wedding, going from marrying one's soulmate to not getting hitched at all is not an easy switch to make. Yet everyone around your friend is likely making the transition trickier with prying questions and insensitive statements.
How Much Do Wedding Bouquets Cost? 42 Outstanding Wedding Cake Designs Looking for a budget-friendly wedding dress? As our
ven if you adamantly followed every single bridal beauty countdown rule in the book, an unforeseen complexion crisis can rear its ugly head on your big day.
The pair trains together, and Holder says that much of their athletic success is because they \have each other.\ Holder's
For most lucky individuals who get to take part in the Olympic Games, that moment is a once and a lifetime chance for them
CantonRep.com reported Thursday that Ohioans Richard Purney and Diane Johnson, who were married on July 4, 1997, have celebrated
This week's edition of \Real Weddings\ features couples who tied the knot over the weekend and on the mid-week Fourth of
It's heating up around the U.S. right now and with wedding season in full swing, brides might want to think about skipping
Just as our culture propagates one image of physical beauty and one measure of success, so do we absorb one definition of romantic love
Independence Day is upon us, and that means it's time to show love for our beloved America with a roundup of design details that prove why an \America the Beautiful\-inspired wedding makes for an unforgettable fete.
When your partner first proposes, most brides-to-be are glowing with joy. That is, until they begin the wedding-planning process. That's when stress, beautiful skin enemy #1, often kicks in.
I spent the first two years after graduating from college working for a wedding planning website. I managed our message boards, where brides from around the world aired their complaints, bragged about their details, and begged advice from their more experienced peers.\nAnd now I want to pass the lessons I learned on to you.
Would you want aliens to touch down on your wedding day? You'd be surprised how many couples do. In honor of UFO Day on Monday
Red, white and blue might be gorgeous wedding colors separately -- but when combined, the Fourth of July theme can go too
The cake -- and all it stood for -- would help me evaluate my actions and make choices that let me keep calm and carry on. High hopes for a lump of flour and sugar.
The 4th of July is the perfect day for a low key summer barbeque wedding in a backyard. Everyone has the day off for the holiday so the bride and groom will receive a great guest turnout. You can go green without any extra effort for Independence Day.
Conservative pundits claim that the Affordable Care Act will deal a blow to freedom, to capitalism, to the economy, and probably
With less than two months before my wedding, I am a fearless groom, ready to feign interest in things I have spent 38 years
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. (Scroll down for photos) Click through the
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- As Facebook's stock continues to struggle, another business is booming thanks to the social network
Among my newly engaged friends, the wedding guest list seems to consistently cause friction between brides, grooms and their
It's that defining moment in a man's life when his best girlfriend chooses to go against society's rules and asks him to be in her wedding... on HER side of the altar.
Marriages can be jumpstarted, the sacred union between a husband and a wife can receive new life and power. I don't care who you are, who you've been, or what your marriage has been through--everything can be made new.
Last week we said goodbye to our kids for the next seven weeks. They will have freedom, independence and fun at sleepaway camp. Excitedly, they wait all year to go. They LOVE sleepaway camp. I am miserable. And I feel like a horrible wife.
One couple had a very happy meal to celebrate their anniversary. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter
He proposed; I said yes. You would think that would be the end of the story. Yet I've somehow found myself in the position where I'm waiting anxiously for a second proposal -- and this time it's from a wedding venue.
But who cares that a \wedding industry\ put those dreams a little girl's head?  Once a woman has a dream, shouldn't she go for it on her wedding day?
Groom's cakes offer couples just one more chance to offer guests a sweet, decadent escape and they can often be a chance for a fun, personal note.
The only official contract the pair had was a prenup, TMZ reports. People also reported in 2009 that rumors of the couple's
Who could forget the classic Sex and the City moment when Carrie discovered that Aidan's proposal was imminent, but \u2014 eek
\I was nervous. It felt like before a finals game,\ James told Oprah. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook
There is, however, one crucial aspect of the wedding that Diamond still needs
Throughout the wedding, the idea took on a life of its own, Khan said. \u201cWe started filming all of our friends and got the
Baldwin and his fiance\u00e9, Hilaria Thomas, are reportedly planning to text invitations to their guests on the day of their
So what happens to bridesmaid dresses after the wedding is done, the cake is served and the shots of Gentleman Jack from
What bride doesn't want those personal touches in her wedding? From vows to guest involvement, there are endless ways to let your personality shine through.  Stamp your wedding with your own style and make sure it represents your union.
There was one mama who showed up two hours late for everything and jabbed me on the head with her fingernail to get my attention.  And then there was the drunk one who tried to make up with her estranged husband during the reception, much to her daughter AND her ex-husband's horror.
But what about toilet paper? Cheap Chic Weddings has announced the winner of its annual Toilet Paper Wedding Dress Contest
Obama's campaign site says the registry can be used for everything from bar mitzvahs to birthdays to Big Days, and allows
There's no doubt that you're going to look stunningly gorgeous on your wedding day, but be prepared for disasters. You're going to need a bridal emergency bag to get you through the day.
If you're feeling stumped on what style suits you best, let your face shape be your guide. Here are tips to help find your signature style and stop splurging on expensive jewels that just don't work!
I'm here to give you an insider's look from my experience as a luxury honeymoon planner on how to plan the perfect newlywed trip.
Bored of the same-old same-old fondant and rosette wedding cakes? How about a donut tower, or a French croquembouche, instead
But the store has since closed up shop, and all of its merchandise -- including Brookes' dress -- has gone with it. The bride
The host of TBS's \Conan\ told Piers Morgan Monday night that he \instantly\ fell for his wife when he saw her while taping
And when Anthony Pinder, 24, decided to propose to Ariana Gomez, his girlfriend of six years, he expressed his love with
Then I met Amy. It was a wonderful moment that began on our first date when I saw the prominently-displayed Batman Band-Aid on her finger. I learned she was quirky in other ways also -- she loved comic book films and violent movies with a substantial amount of explosions, along with taking on 11-year old boys at Laser Tag and ruining their days.
There will undoubtedly be many precious photos from your wedding day, and so it can be easy to dismiss engagement photos
The Wall Street Journal has noticed that some people outside midtown Manhattan buy their wedding cakes from grocery stores
\We can relive a lot of the details,\ Waxler said. She thought it was \great to be talking to 350 people at once\ and to
Remaining in love is hard work that comes easy if it's the real thing. If anything that's worth doing is worth doing well, then loving well is worth the world.
We expect celebrities to tie the knot with expensive, over-the-top affairs, so when they don't, we can't help but sit up
That's the thing with music.  We can all hear the same song, but it can have a million different meanings to people.  Everyone can tell you \Don't play the Chicken Dance song at your wedding!\ But what if you and your guy danced like idiots to that song at a wedding, and it makes you both laugh at the memory?
While most engaged couples probably don't turn to Craigslist for help with wedding planning, some of them do -- and their
Marriage has all these tiny rules. Sometimes I don't know when I'm breaking them. Everyone else seems to have learned them better, even before they are married. And then sometimes it occurs to me that really, marriage is just as much about my husband and me as it is about itself.
I'm talking about movie-themed weddings. And I'm here to tell you why you should back away from those wand favors and reconsider.
In May, self-professed \geek\ Scott Everhart from Columbus, Ohio, entered a contest for a free wedding at a New York City
Two-dimensional wedding videos are so last year. While certainly ahead of the curve, this isn't the first 3D wedding video
You Might Also Like
Celebrity couples frequently marry, divorce and move on to the next hot fling. But that hasn't stopped them from giving marriage
A Welsh rugby fan decided to put his relationship on the rocks--in one way, at least--by proposing to his girlfriend with
Would Justin Theroux get the final rose? Chris Harrison, ABC host of The Bachelorette, has put Jennifer Aniston on his wish
I say, add \getting laid\ to your wedding day to-do list, right alongside all the other tasks you'll go bat shit crazy over. And, if you're gonna make it a priority, you might as well get it right, no?
Whichever route you take, remember that this should be a fun process. And the bottom line is you should love your engagement ring... almost as much as you love him.
We get it
What's your take
There's no disputing that travelers are infinitely more connected -- to work, to friends, to family, to the Twitter followers
Some teachers are known for doing unorthodox things in the name of education. To help her students learn, Rebecca Graham
I got to be Errol Flynn! I got to marry my princess!
After creating innumerable wedding cakes and working with brides of every age, demographic, and taste profile, I think the best piece of advice I can give to nervous brides out there is this
The Hottest Wedding Dress Trends Right Now How Much Do Wedding Bouquets Cost? You Might Also Like
Click through this slideshow to see other couples whose rings have been lost or stolen, but eventually returned. \I don't
\I would really like to return the ring,\ Shannon said. \It's not like it's just a lost set of keys. It's a token of somebody's
\But we're in New Jersey,\ I thought-and then remembered that the state of New Jersey doesn't recognize my pals' marriage
When celebrities do just about anything vaguely meaningful with non-celebrities, we can't seem to get enough of it (for proof
42 Outstanding Wedding Cake Designs Celebrity-Inspired Wedding Hair and Makeup You Might Also Like
These charts tell us that if we don't have our dream place cards ordered by month one then we're already behind. Those of us who didn't start scrapbooking images of taffeta and pearls the day we got our first period are on our own sluggish schedule.
Maybe you wanted a low-key backyard BBQ wedding and you've been pushed into having a cookie-cutter ballroom fete with a huge
Weddings featuring Justin Bieber's \Baby\ may have become the wedding video hit of 2012, but long before Bieber Fever there was Elvis -- and The King is still dominating weddings.
On Sunday, HBO's 'Girls' ended its first season with a bang
I had pretty much known all along that my fianc\u00e9 and I were not right for each other -- and I chose to stay with him anyway.
Social norms dictate that brides -- demure in their virginal white and promising themselves to one person, forever and ever
Remember, a wedding is not a marriage, but a wonderful celebration that marks the beginning of your life together.
Between their surprise nuptials, show tune singalongs, Princess Bride readings, and computer-coded wedding programs, Facebook
That was the case for British couple Kelly Sweetman and Nathan Rees, who went through all the motions of tying the knot at
There was a time when young bohemians in love had two options
Who says you can't have some fun at your wedding? Photobooths, dances down the aisle and surprise serenades at the altar
When I first met the two of them in their hotel near Les Halles in the center of Paris I immediately noticed Sandy's very stylish retro blue dress and knew that the photo shoot would be a hit.
Last year, we spoke to etiquette expert Peggy Post from the Emily Post Institute on how to graciously excuse yourself from
When it came to finding the perfect wedding gown, Camila Alves McConaughey knew exactly where to turn. Chanel? Nah. Vera
When Patrick Carone, 35, clicked on the e-mail announcing plans for his friend\u2019s bachelor party, he was expecting a blueprint
A woman in a wedding gown stands on a small pedestal before a three-way mirror. She turns to admire the beading and train
KELLIE CICCONI has always been a picky eater. Ms. Cicconi, a doctoral student in veterinary biomedicine at Cornell, recalled
Remember that no day of a person's life will be more documented than their wedding -- and your attendance alone means that you will be photographed. So please, do yourself a favor and look hot (and only too hot if it's your ex who is saying \I do\).
Women photographers are leading the way with gorgeous blogs, styled shoots and Pinterest boards. They are Team Nikon and Team Canon. Wedding album manufacturers and gallery wrap houses court them.
Unfortunately, this groom isn't the only guy who's gotten out of hand at a wedding. Click through the slideshow below to
We've seen tons of hilarious wedding e-cards in the past, but nothing can quite compare to those that bring sex into the
In my experience as a couples therapist, dividing chores fairly isn't the secret to a\nsuccessful marriage. Fighting fairly is.
After all, there's nothing like a photo of Uncle Lester lurking in the background while the bride and groom share a passionate
As for her inspiration? The photographer first came up with the idea after her seven-year-old daughter began playing with
Check out the video above and let us know what you think -- is it the fabulous little girl flash mob or just \Marry You\ that
Let\u2019s face it\u2014no matter how much planning work you do together, things can happen. So definitely ask your planner about her
Whether you and your soon-to-be-husband need to sign a prenup should really be decided on a case-by-case basis. But how do you know what makes the most sense for you in particular? Keep reading, and learn what Jeff Landers says you need to know to help decide once and for all
Father's Day is on June 17th and our guys usually get their share of ties, golf clubs, cologne and socks. But what they really want is another year that makes them feel valued and valuable to the family that they love so much.
In the beginning, we naturally make the partnership \senior\ to our individual desires. It seems cruel that this stage doesn't \naturally\ last. The truth is, even in the best, most romantic couples, it really doesn't.
Our attraction to a mate is based on many things, not the least of which is the almost innate ability to find someone who drives you crazy.
Sound crazy? Unfortunately, these guests aren't the only ones who have gotten out of hand at a wedding. Click through the
I\u2019m not really good at weddings. Too often, I find them to be unctuous affairs, overburdened by unreasonable expectations
Jada Pinkett Smith remembers a thing or two about young love \u2013 and is willing to share some words of wisdom for a lasting
Smart brides know that they can recoup hundreds, even thousands, of dollars by selling their wedding dress. What's better
Here are my top ten tips on timeline planning for your wedding day to help you create a wedding timeline that will keep you sane and happy -- and your guests inspired!
And I could not love a wedding more. I've worked at wedding magazines and found it a joy to go into the office. I would gladly page through a stranger's wedding album. I read wedding announcements not to find people I know but just for sheer delight. But there are a few things that make me cringe about bride-and-groom-penned vows.
Lazutina told HuffPost Weddings on Monday that she first designed the ring in March for a client who had contacted her about
Celebrities have been known to take the road less traveled when it comes to decisions like baby names (Apple? Blue Ivy?) and
When Matthew McConaughey and Camila Alves married on Saturday, almost immediately I found myself thinking, \I love this wedding
LONDON -- When the daughter of a former flight attendant married the future king of England last year, some starry-eyed monarchists
The big day was perfect, the honeymoon was better still. You came home to a truckload of gifts and envelopes stuffed with
You assess your relationship from an objective perspective and ask yourself
If your hubby-to-be likes to play it safe but you like adventure, or if you'd rather get a dose of culture but your bride prefers the beach, we're here to help. Our comprehensive honeymoon guide features four hot spots with a little something for every kind of couple.
Our readers watched friends and family members tie the knot this weekend in locales ranging from San Francisco to the island
By The Daily Muse For more smart advice for planning your big day, check out
Click through the slideshow to see which stars became a part of their non-famous friends' and families' wedding parties. But
The celebration, which was held at the stately Allerton Castle, turned violent when bride Rebecca Middleman was punched in
I have some bad news for every single bloke in the world
Before you got a driver's license, you learned to drive. Before marriage, learn these 4 skills. Before someone gets a driver's
The engagement wasn't a surprise -- being mature, rational adults, my then-fianc\u00e9 and I had discussed marriage, finances
Whether it's donning a blue wedding dress instead of a white one or opting for a dessert table over a 3-tiered cake, more
Put down the Ben & Jerry's, turn off Steel Magnolias and get out of the fetal position... wedding season is not a time to start feeling sorry for yourself. Let's go shopping.
Tracy McMillan's 2011 HuffPost blog, \Why You're Not Married,\ stirred up a lot of controversy. Her critics claim that as
According to the time stamp on my very first pin -- an image of pin-wheel-shaped table-number -- I began pinning 33 weeks
Which is why our attention turned to Reddit this week when user the_wakeful posted the following to AskReddit (on which readers
There are so many gorgeous bridal gowns you can choose from to wear on your big day, but picking a wedding gown isn't simply
(Reuters) - With a wedding coming up, you'd think Jay Buerck would be obsessing about the usual details
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. On Wednesday, Miley Cyrus confirmed her engagement
Successfully running a company with your significant other can seem like an insurmountable balancing act, but if it's approached honestly and realistically early on, you can head off potential problems before they have a chance to take hold.
A client of mine recently told me that she's not having a wedding party because she doesn't want to have to look at pictures of people she can't stand in her wedding photos 25 years from now.  She's not kidding.  And she's not wrong.
Ashley Biden and her new husband, Philadelphia surgeon Howard Krein,had a Catholic-Jewish church ceremony earlier that day
What about those who already have a completely-curated wedding registry board? That's where the second tool comes in. The
We may be accustomed to seeing celebrities in the spotlight, but all of that changes when stars become part of their non
They say you can't hurry love and, as it turns out, you can't hurry engagements either. While the trend in Hollywood might
If the dress makes the wedding, then I say the jewelry makes the dress.
Sometimes there are uncontrollable forces with a completely different agenda mapped out for us and instead of worrying, we must Keep Calm and Carry On.
Many have argued that the custom is not only stifling and outdated but also a form of \forced\ marriage. And for couples
There's no end to published material aimed at stoking women's fears and anxieties about love and marriage. Preachy self-help
I believe that our traditional wedding vows may be not serving us well at this point in time when we are all filling multiple sets of shoes and have so many competing demands.
The first few years of our marriage I REFUSED to be a called a wife. A wife was a secondary complement to the man. A wife had no other identity. I mean what happened to my name... now I am just wife. I don't think so.
Drew Barrymore and Ashley Biden weren't the only brides to take their turns down the aisle this weekend. Our readers shared
By Amanda Chatel for YourTango.com I have never lived with a significant other. I have spent copious amounts of time with
We'd all like the big down-on-one-knee moment to be perfect (preferably with music swelling in the background a la every
Aside from walking down the aisle, there's only one thing that could make you just as sweaty-palmed and tongue-tied as the
What makes your findings significant? Prior to this study, the story was that marriage wasn\u2019t associated with long-term gains
I've received backhanded compliments and straight-up aggressive remarks about my engagement ring. And it made me wonder if others have, too, so I asked on Facebook and Twitter.
Instead of buying traditional favors, the family had donated the money to a scholarship fund in Sean's brother's name. And in that way, he was there with us. While it was difficult for everyone to hear of the loss, it was uplifting to know that our presence had contributed to helping others.
When it comes to the point where marriage -- and particularly the wedding ceremony -- is seriously discussed, that fusion can quickly become a culture clash as parents and other family members protest and lobby for their particular traditions to be honored during the festivities.
Here are some tips to help you avoid being the gauche guest the next time you attend a wedding.
While this doesn't mean my mother-in-law hasn't (or never will) do anything that I disagree with, there are a few specific things she does that keep us far away from \monster-in-law\ territory.
Below, watch me chat with the \Why You're Not Married... Yet\ author about love, sex, dating, and (of course) marriage in
For many, it came as no surprise that the ring he gave his girlfriend of nine years (they met while undergrads at Harvard) was a simple solitaire ring with what looks to be an approximately 1-carat round red ruby.
Unlike McMillan, though I may 'have the badge' in marriage AND divorce, I hardly feel that gives me some authorial position on the subject. In fact, when I read she was divorced three times, I was miffed to why she was advocating the institution of marriage.
Before your heart takes you away you need to sit down and have a discussion to make sure the plans that you both have are the same or at least similar.
A successful marriage isn't always 50-50. Sometimes, your partner needs 90 percent and they are able to give back only 10 in return. Other times, it is just the opposite. The important thing is to always be there for one another, no matter what.
I love my wife very much. That is the ultimate basis for why we men do the things we do when planning a wedding ceremony, and why it isn't always the most expensive weddings that end up being the most special or memorable.
Similar to how guests know not to wear white to someone's Big Day, there are just some things you know NOT to do when it
So how do you come up with an anniversary date that is special and filled with details?  Here are some tips I have learned in the romance industry on how you can infuse meaningful details into your special night and be sure you outdo your last anniversary!
Picture this
Through sickness and health -- and rain or shine? In this video, CNN iReporter Scott Thornton, who was a guest at the couple's
Reddit user Marcus LaPorte made headlines earlier this month when he forged a wedding band from a piece of a meteorite and
But if digging through the sand for a diamond seems like a chore, imagine sorting through trash at a landfill. \You gotta
After Fetsch's pitch, Fox Sports Midwest reports, the catcher quickly peeled off his mask, revealing himself to be Army Specialist
In this week's edition of \Real Weddings,\ HuffPost staffers and readers alike shared photos taken at nuptials they attended
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Click through the slideshow to see our wedding
Memorial Day is one of my favorite holiday weekends of the year. It's the unofficial kickoff to summer, which means lots of BBQs, beach time, refreshing drinks and of course... wedding season!
\I know many couples that divorced as a result of a relationship that began in the war zone,\ Perkins said. \It is a huge
It started with a simple message from Facebook
Isaac's Live Lip-Dub Proposal from Isaac Lamb on Vimeo. Countless men have used the now-infamous song \Marry You\ by Bruno
In fact, McKechnie told the London Evening Standard that despite his current condition, he's determined to walk on his Big
The bridal dress is a wear-it-once-in-your-lifetime garment; a symbol of innocence, purity and Disney-princess perfection
In fact, the \Think Like A Man\ star recently revealed to Life & Style magazine that she and Franklin, who she first met
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The steadily increasing stream of states and countries legalizing gay marriage has dramatically changed
From cleverly-orchestrated video game proposals to one man's Star Wars flash mob, we've seen some adorably geeky ways to
There is no need to skimp on quality for sake of your wedding budget, especially when your local grocery store has everything you need to get glowing in time for the big day.
In honor of the pocket protector wielding, suspender wearing inner -- or outer -- geek in all of us, here is an ode to throwing a geek chic wedding that will make you the most popular kids in town!
What bride- or groom-to-be hasn't had nightmares about hurricane-force winds blowing over the reception tent or a drunken cousin falling into the wedding cake?
I love bringing a little bit of the Edwardian era to people on their wedding day by lending them something special. They should enjoy their life together like they never have before.
And she never again brought up having babies to us. \u201cOhmygawd, are you pregnant?!\u201d she scream-asked. 10 Things You'll Love
Here are a few of the most ridiculous gifts we've heard of
THE bride wore Carolina Herrera, the other bride wore Ralph Lauren. That was the big reveal at the wedding of Christine C
Click through the slideshow to watch these hilarious wedding toasts gone wrong-- and let us know
And it doesn't seem like this conflict will be solved any time soon. On Tuesday, Platt-Lee told the New York Daily News that
When couples are arguing, it's often easy to see that a partner is angry -- but seeing beyond that could be the key to a
She reveals monogamous marriage to be nothing more than an artificial construct, he went on, devised by society to keep people docile and in their place.
When one of the girls tells the bride-to-be that her own wedding (far in the future, we're guessing) would feature black
Weddings are no longer just one-day events. Many are long weekends or even a full week of festivities. With all of these festivities one thing remains the same
Brides on a budget, take note! Subscription shopping site ShoeDazzle just unveiled its Dazzle Ever After boutique, full of
He was wide-eyed and all smiles as he took Kate as his wife at Westminster Abbey last April. But, like royal watchers around
(Note
You might think you've seen some pretty wild marriage proposals (elaborate flashmobs, anyone?), but until you've see a man
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerburg and his long-time girlfriend, Pricilla Chan, weren't the only couple to wed this weekend
Click through the slideshow below to see more outrageous wedding dance videos. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings
Some immigrants who game the green-card system don\u2019t get caught. This 36-year-old Brooklyn gay man from Asia explains how
And while Zuckerberg has kept much of his relationship with Chan private, that hasn't stopped people from speculating over
Laws have always regulated who may marry, the obligations related to marriage and children and whether and how a marriage
You couldn't put a price on my dreams. And, while, those visions included all that he presented
What's the one thing you must FORGET about when you're deciding what to wear on your wedding day? Fashion.
Click here to see more \Moment I Knew\ videos. Malone's video is part of a site-wide series on The Huffington Post, \The
A wedding photographer's website is akin to an online dating profile; we must cast ourselves in the best light and find ways to create a connection within seconds of viewing our profile...ahem...site.
All this overzealous preparedness was probably a way of managing my anxiety, a belief that as long as I packed those fourteen tubes of lipstick, I'd avoid another kind of travel emergency.
Then it hit me. I was evaluating whether or not Jordan was a potential life partner for marriage. Something I should have been doing during our courtship and entire relationship.
\First comes love, then comes marriage, then comes baby in a baby carriage,\ goes the popular playground song. But sometimes
As a former journalist, I was taught to look for telling details that illustrate a larger truth. And I knew the homes Glenn and I grew up with summarized the differences we would need to bridge.
Brides know better than anyone that weddings can cost a fortune, but somehow we forget that we're not the only ones incurring charges just because we're getting married.
With NASCAR Day celebrations happening on Friday May 18 at Daytona International Speedway, HuffPost Weddings is paying tribute
When it comes to relationships and marriage, celebrities may not be our finest choice in role models. But if there's one thing they seem to get right, it's their engagement rings.
News that a lesbian couple will be allowed to \perform\ a non-legally binding commitment ceremony in Tokyo Disneyland is
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. While every bride wants her Big Day to be
Farnoosh Torabi was fulfilling her bridesmaid duties, planning a memorable bachelorette party, when she received a very welcome
Does this dress make me look
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Some celebs (claimed) to stay virgins until
To learn about what makes a marriage work, I talked to several couples who are still happily married after 30 years or more, and explored the advice of professional relationship counsellors.
No matter how carefully you plan, no matter what you do, certain \types\ of people will be at your wedding. Maybe you can blame your new groom's family, but be honest, some are on your side.
Wondering what to do if the forecast calls for rain on your wedding day? Here's what you need to know, from wedding expert
John King had dreamed about the beer he\u2019d homebrew for his wedding since the night he proposed.\u00a0 \u201cI dropped to my knee under
Two months after getting engaged, I started the process that is supposed to thrill every bride-to-be
Every marriage has its uh-oh moments that leave you questioning your compatibility as a couple. While some behaviors, like
At first glance, the bridal shower invitation that arrived in the mail a few weeks ago looked relatively normal. It was for
Greg and I got married on a hot July day on Cape Cod. Two months later, I walked into the bathroom of our Chicago apartment and took a pregnancy test.
The recipe -- and the myth surrounding it -- conjures images of a culinarily satisfied man licking his fingers with a mixture of glee and awe while silently promising himself that he will never let you, maker of awesome chicken, get away by bestowing a ring soon after.
It's time for you to take back the one party that is truly all about you
Long gone are the days of just a simple (or not-so-simple) three-tiered wedding cake. While the classic confection is still
Check out StumbleUpon's infographic below to learn more about who's searching for wedding content. According to data released
Hollywood wives might not have the best reputation (thanks, \Real Housewives of Beverly Hills\) but that doesn't mean that
It has been described as 'outrageous' and 'disgusting'. But a bride at the centre of a photograph that sparked controversy
\u201cWhy aren\u2019t you and your boyfriend married after almost fourteen years of being together?\u201d I\u2019m often asked. \u201cWell, it seems
Four and a half months after his sudden deployment, Jeff was sent home. The girls and I made T-shirts with catchy slogans
No matter how many phone records or receipts you find, the answers to the real questions can't be found in the number of texts or the amount of dollars spent on a credit card.  The real questions are not about \What,\ but \Why?\ did this happen?
Below are five things to note when planning the perfect outdoor wedding.
\You're worrying me,\ he said, and I was startled by the genuine concern in his eyes. \If you'd told me all this ahead of time, I would have said there's no way this marriage would last.\
Movies can make people laugh, cry and everything in between -- and that's especially true of wedding scenes. From Carrie
Click through the slideshow below to see our picks and let us know
Kuric told the crowd
Theme Do
London (CNN) -- Weddings in Nigeria are colorful, creative and extravagant productions, with guest lists of up to 2,000 people
Wedding season approaches, and with it costly weddings, especially when they include travel. With inward groans, we get those
One day, not long from now, it will be hard to remember what worried people so much about gay and lesbian couples committing
Emir and I loved each other and offered each other everything except our bodies.
Spring is here, which means one thing -- love is in the air, even in Hollywood. While many celebrity couples keep a low profile
You're going to hear a lot of things about love and marriage before you're ready to understand them. That's okay. That's what you have me for, kid. There's more to tell and teach you than one letter could ever hold, but to kick off your lessons in Boys 101, here are a few things I need you to remember most and understand early.
Even though you love and respect your mom, your visions for the Big Day will not match up perfectly -- and Mom is an easy scapegoat when the stress of wedding planning takes a toll.
It was late afternoon one day in January of 2010 when I got the call from my recently-engaged friend Marie. I was sitting
Flowers and decor will take up approximately 10 percent of your wedding budget, and between personal flowers (bouquets, boutonnieres, corsages), ceremony decor and reception centerpieces things can quickly add up.
Then you start looking for a venue and planning the rehearsal dinner and all of a sudden your once stress-free relationships are reminiscent of the \Real Housewives.\ The only thing that seems takes the edge off is an extra scoop of ice cream.  So much for effortlessly turning into Kate Middleton.
On an otherwise unremarkable day -- May 9, 2012 -- you touched my heart when you 'came out' and said publicly that you have come to believe that same-sex couples deserve more than civil unions and should be allowed to marry legally.
I, for one, would be relieved if from now on, brides included only family in their wedding parties. Don\u2019t get me wrong
After being stood up at the altar, bride Robin Hansen realized why her groom -- Bank of America -- never showed up
From long-lost aunts and uncles to your father-in-law's best friend's cousin, it's easy to let your wedding guest list spin
The five-page scrapbook incorporates the specially commissioned Nottingham lace used on the bodice of Princess Diana's bridal
Wedding season is just around the corner. There are rules of decorum that go along with being a bride-to-be. Make sure you're a gracious bride and not a Bridezilla by following these guidelines.
As we've observed at the Oscars and Screen Actors Guild Awards this year, red carpets are seeing their fair share of wedding
On Wednesday, Obama told ABC News
We've seen our fair share of awful celebrity husbands, but not all married men in Hollywood deserve a bad rap. In fact, some
Ex-Voguette Vera Wang\u2019s colourful gowns from last season\u00a0have led the way and inspired many designers to be daring and inject
You should only propose to someone because you love them and because you want to spend the rest of your life with them.  Not for any other reason.  If you propose out of guilt, both parties will become resentful.
\The next thing I know, I have turkey meat on my nipples,\ he said. The actor, who has been married to McCarthy since 2005
CHICAGO, MAY 8, 2012 -- Rights are legal principles of freedom or entitlement. Rights are rules about what is allowed of
We all laughed when The Hairpin published \Women Laughing Alone With Salad.\ There's something so hilariously terrible about
The couple's wedding featured a Mexican theme, in a nod to the Cinco de Mayo holiday and the groom's heritage. The pair's
We asked our Twitter followers to share snapshots of their pets at their weddings. Take a look at their photos below. In
Keith knew that he wanted to propose using umbrellas that spelled out \Will You Marry Me\ and that he wanted it to be somewhere
In the same way that you hope your guests will remember all the special touches you planned into your wedding, you also hope they will remember what you said.
Record numbers of British couples are heading abroad to get married in a bid to avoid the spiralling costs of UK weddings
There's been a rash of celebrities renewing their wedding vows as of late, and just last week Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon
It's the wedding present nobody wants
From first dance flash mobs to portraits with the pets, a wedding is a couple's opportunity to celebrate their relationship with family, friends and even Fido.
I've booked my ceremony and reception location, hired a DJ and finalized the menu. But now is the time when those little details have to be addressed which include the question, how can my wedding be '\different\ or unique?
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. For Patrick Quiring, a Star Wars super-fan
Love is action. Love is tolerance. Love is learning your partner's love language and then expressing love in a way that he can receive. Love is giving. Love is receiving.
Many couples I interviewed keep that mystery alive through separate bedrooms and separate bathrooms that separate their sex lives and annoying personal rituals.
My sister got the invite, and since she's not seeing anyone and I live a quick cab ride away from the venue, I'm coming along as her guest -- which made me think of some things I wish plus-ones didn't do at weddings.
However, with weddings costing an AVERAGE of $196 per guest, not every couple feels like doling out \and Guest\ to each and every one of their single friends, and sometimes take great pains to avoid the extra mouths to feed.
You met. You dated. You fell in love. He proposed (or maybe you did!). You started planning a wedding... and suddenly found yourself wondering why. Screech! Stop! What!?
Is it love that is making you glow, or this 3-month answer to beautiful, bridal skin?
Legend won't be a groomzilla when it comes to their nuptials, either. Teigen told OK! magazine in February, \He's not an
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Tina Tessina, author of \The Commuter Marriage
Trying to decide which song is best for your father-daughter dance? We've got you covered. HuffPost Weddings polled top wedding
A destination wedding is much more intimate than a large, grand wedding, and intimacy is the key reason destinations are so popular, whether you have a guest list of 10 or 100.
The old maxim that you shouldn't go to bed mad is stupid. Sometimes you need to just go to freakin' bed.
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. One of my male clients from DC met a woman
Only Trista Rehn and Ryan Sutter, from the very first season of \The Bachelorette,\ are still together today, despite the
Lisa Rinna recently co-authored the \Big Fun Sexy Sex Book\ with sex therapist Ian Kerner, which aims to help couples spice
Wondering how to choose the right venue for your wedding? Here's what you need to know, from etiquette and planning expert
To learn more clever budget-friendly ways to incorporate trends into your wedding, watch the video above. They don't have
One of Britain's brightest Olympic prospects has told how he has left his fiancee in charge of planning their wedding so
Gone are the days when the only choice a bride had was to go into her local stationery store and turn page after page after page of enormous wedding invitation binders.
As I hugged my new husband, I realized we were just as \married\ as the couple who spent $200,000 on their wedding.
There's really only one good reason to get married
\You can judge a man by his shoes,\ the saying goes. Possibly, but women are far worse. With the judging, that is.
It may not be a pleasant conversation to have with your fianc\u00e9, but to me, getting a prenuptial agreement deserves your time and effort and should be thought of as an insurance policy.
There's certainly no shortage of wedding planning resources out there, but where should a newly-engaged couple start? To
It was a beautiful evening, the room filled with candlelight and buttery smells. Our wine was perfect. But after just two
Lost? Pull out the smartphone and use the Google Maps app to find your way home. Hungry? Open the Yelp app and read ratings
Carina and Kodie Umphenour aren\u2019t ashamed to label themselves \u201crednecks,\u201d and their Saturday wedding proved it. The camouflage
To learn more about how pie helped Howard heal after her husband's death, watch the video above. After Beth M. Howard's husband
Upon Ari pointing out that salted caramel was my favorite flavor, the woman behind the counter asked if I wanted to sample
After one particularly gruesome exchange, I curled up on our bed, buried my head in a pillow and mumbled, \Being married is the hardest thing I've ever done.\
If we're not careful, our essence and identity can become absorbed by all of our titles
9. Don't Forget to Thank the Groomsmen In the same way that the bride doesn't need to carry flowers down the aisle these
While the move toward nationwide equality is grand, it left many gays in military relationships in a possible matrimonial conundrum
\The couples who want to make it want to make it. And they want to make it because they do truly love each other, or they
Nell Freudenberger's new novel, \The Newlyweds,\ takes as its subject what the book jacket describes as \an arranged marriage
Being in someone\u2019s wedding party can be a lot of fun, but if that person turns out to be a dreaded bridezilla, you could
Click through the slideshow below to see Krista and Nick, along with more real couples who got married this past weekend
On a budget? Rob Tobin told Fox 6 that there's an easy way to get the ring you want for less
But the humble royals made it a point to not let their anniversary overshadow their friends' nuptials. We wondered how Kate
Smartphones at a wedding, and the ability to instantly capture the memories and share with others, can be both a blessing
Because Brad and Angelina have a lot to lose in the event they divorce, both financially and emotionally, they need to truly work on staying happily married from the beginning.
It doesn't take a feminist to see how the women of the royal wedding were discussed far differently than the men were -- there was little commentary on the princes' looks or emphasis on Will getting his \fairy-tale ending.\
According to a global study of brides and grooms conducted by wedding market research company Splendid Insights, interest in having a \royal\-style wedding has doubled in the last year.  Doubled.
To get 12 full-size boxes of different varieties of the tea (including Classic Blend, Pure Green, Iced Tea blend and of course
5. Seriously, The Love, you guys! No, really. Right now I'm thinking about the wedding I performed on Easter, and the way
Recently, it was my turn to take the plunge, and while my grandparents were not able to make the trip across the country to attend the wedding, they sent along this inspiring and unforgettable wedding toast to me and my wife.
When I was 17, I went to the Fashion Institute of Technology and before that I went to Scholastic International, which is
Weddings may be expensive, but that doesn't mean you can't get a good deal on your Big Day necessities every now and then
Couples may bear the brunt of most of the wedding expenses, but they're not the only ones who have to shell out big bucks
The same study also found that interracial marriages were most prevalent in western states. The 2010 Census confirmed the
Interested in submitting? It's easy
I'm a wedding photographer in Philadelphia. When you shoot a wedding, the main photographer usually has an assistant or second
A couple's sex life inevitably changes over time -- especially after having kids. In this clip from Lifetime's new series
Alec Baldwin will be tying the knot in a no-fuss, no-muss ceremony, according to fiancee Hilaria Thomas. video platformvideo
At some point, the sheer size of your bridal party, especially at a destination wedding, dictates that you're going to need a trained lion tamer to deal with all of them once they get the rum punches going.
I wanted to create both an inspirational book filled with creative ideas but also contain the resources and instructions for sweet styling. It's about dressing up desserts, marrying baking and crafts and coming up with fun ideas for a wedding.
One bride in particular asked my advice on how to wear different ceremony and reception dresses, while maintaining a consistent style. My conversation with said bride inspired this article because I know she is not the only woman grappling how to wear two different dresses, while maintaining one overall look.
As weddings have become more personal and creative reflections of the engaged couples at any budget, the father of the bride's role has become more flexible as well.
The bridal shower is an important event, and having an equivalent event that's right for guys has been missing for far too long.
For many wedding songs, appropriate and inappropriate are definitely in the eye of the beholder.
Here's how it works
Fatty foods may affect couples in other ways, too. In March, researchers from Dartmouth Medical School found that saturated
Recently, digital music service Spotify pulled data from nearly 66,000 user-created wedding playlists to find out which songs
Gary Schaeffer dreamed of golden Italian sunshine, succulent tomatoes Caprese and picture-perfect vistas. In May 2009, when
E! News reported on Wednesday that Barrymore and fiance Will Kopelman will be tying the knot at her Montecito estate on June
What about the magic of love and marriage? How much is scientific, real, and how much is illusion, a supernatural belief in destiny?
It was my sister and I giving our dad away. And all I could think about as I slowly, but not too slowly, put one high heel in front of the other down the carpeted aisle, was that I did not want to give my dad away.
7. \I left the invitations in the trunk of my car and then went to the car wash\ or \We were drinking red wine while assembling
What was is like to design a ring for Angelina Jolie with Brad Pitt? I have had a longstanding professional relationship
I\u2019ve realized that most of Seth\u2019s and my exposure back then was to the beginning of a marriage. For our parents, the reasons
You know, talking to as many wedding professionals as we do on a regular basis, you start to get an idea of what certain
I am not a cake person.\u00a0 If you put a giant, lovely cake next to a bowl of crispy fries doused in malt vinegar, salt, and
I believe firmly that a bride has to include stress management, self-nurturing and time to chill out as an integral part of her wedding planning process. It is a journey that is bound to have some bumps in the road, but no need to take the \Stress Express\ to the altar.
\I\u2019ve never been proposed to, and I don\u2019t know that that\u2019s in my future,\u201d Handler told More. \I don\u2019t know that I\u2019m marriage
I'm just going to lay it all out on the table here. I know invitations and paper don't seem important in our digital e-vite disposable society, but they are for so many reasons. Here is my short list of the most common statements that are guaranteed to bum out any stationer.
While some celebrities choose to stay tight-lipped about their personal lives, others have no qualms about sharing intimate
But seriously, why do guests want to wear white so badly? Just wear some other color. ANY other color.
It's hard to believe that it's been almost a year since Prince William and Kate Middleton tied the knot. In honor of the
\Why can't you be more like Christian Grey?\ I whined, in the same way my daughter asks things like, \Why you can't be more like Jessie's mom? She keeps ice cream cones in her house.\
\It's the first really strong evidence that romantic relationships are driven by women,\ said Robin Dunbar, the study's co
Whether you've just gotten hitched and want to get rid of your old jewelry from past relationships or perhaps you and your husband want to upgrade your engagement ring -- take a moment to go through your jewelry box this month and recycle.
No bride likes to admit it, but there's usually an awkward lull during the wedding reception -- typically right after the
Here's the problem with an eco-conscious wedding
I think it's pretty much safe to say that every bride-to-be devises an enormous 'To Do' list before the Big Day (it's a checklist maker's ultimate dream!) and let's be honest, how her face will look while standing at the altar is usually near the top of it.
Every wedding is a coin toss -- you\u2019ve got a measly 50% chance of coming out a winner, and yet every year more than 2 million
\Choose your husband carefully.\u201d When Marie Claire asked Sallie Krawcheck, former head of Global Wealth and Investment Management
But at New York's recent bridal fashion week, which officially ended on Wednesday, many designers proved that white gowns
Talk less. Psychologist Harriet Lerner, Ph.D., author of \Marriage Rules.\ \u201cMake an effort to do something small, on a regular
Related
My biggest fear is that I will have doubts the day of the wedding and be scared to walk down the aisle. How can I learn to trust that this is the last phase of the process and not think that this is a sign that I shouldn't marry?
At the very least, couples can try to stop engaging in the most libido-crushing activity of all, which would be to dwell
Also in greater focus is the Queen and Prince Philips\u2019s upcoming 65-year wedding anniversary in November, a milestone that
Once seen as an inducement to divorce, and thus a detriment to marriage, prenuptial agreements are now treated as a strength for marriage, though they are not for everyone.
Burke\u2019s kids were also a significant part of the ceremony. \u201cThey all wore white, and they all held one hydrangea and they
You know what they say, there are two certainties in life... death and taxes. Every year on April 15, millions of Americans
But at the \Bridal Affair\ event in Elk Grove, Calif. on Saturday, brides paid for their dresses with postage stamps instead
Watch the video above to hear more details of Lake's secret nuptials. The 43-year-old newlywed gushed about married life
Wedding expert Abby Larson, editor and founder of Style Me Pretty, knows the ins and outs of what makes a fabulous big day
On the morning of my wedding, in the tiny alpine village in Slovenia in which my fianc\u00e9e grew up, I walked with my best men
No locale can compare to the intimacy of a wedding in a person's private home. It is a lovely and generous gesture for someone to loan his or her home for your wedding festivities. So, don't blow it.
Ninety-four-year-old Austrian billionaire Karl Wlaschek will be tying the knot for the fifth time this week, according to
Last Thursday, The New York Times reported on a Florida bride who had a feeding tube inserted into her nose that reached
So, you found the perfect guy, you settled down and you married him. Now what? Then comes a baby in a baby carriage, right
Marriage rates supposedly are on the decline. While it\u2019s an oft-repeated statistic that 50 percent of first marriages end
Watch the video above to learn more about their wedding. Even though it was a chilly -9.4 degrees Fahrenheit on the day of
You said \Yes!\ to your partner's proposal, and now you're on the hunt to say \Yes\ to the dress. But as you face the overwhelming
While selling your wedding dress was unheard of a decade ago, the trend is now taking off. In fact, since 2008, twice as many brides are selling their wedding dresses, and the taboo has officially been lifted.
To ensure that your wedding cake makes the statement you want it to, I asked the \Queen of Cakes,\ Sylvia Weinstock, where a couple can find inspiration for their cake -- both inside and out.
\One of the main jobs of a wedding planner, stylist or designer is to come up with concepts and designs based on the requirements
Getting married is about love -- loving your future spouse, yes -- but also loving yourself enough to eat, and not being so starving at the altar that you forget to say \I Do.\
It wasn't just a hit
Projection is a defense or an addiction against feeling the natural fear and grief associate with a transition and the anxiety, self-doubt, and old traumas around love of your wounded self.
We wanted to find out what you think of \man showers,\ so we polled our Twitter followers to get some answers. It's no secret
If you are considering hiring a day-of coordinator, here in no particular order are 10 things you shouldn't ask him or her to do. And I promise you, these are actual things that us/our team have been asked to do and have actually done.
Whether bride or groom, changing your name is certainly not mandatory by any means, but it is an important topic to discuss with your spouse.
AshleyMadison.com users aren't just looking for sex, however. In 2011, two Redbook magazine reporters did an undercover investigation
When I went to my vendors and friends I would present my \brief.\  I would say \think vintage, 1950's, 4th of July, fancy, family picnic; parasols, grassy, happy, warm, swingy.  The colors are watermelon, kiwi and sunflower yellow.\
That was the case for an unsuspecting girlfriend, Emily, who thought that she was taking an underwater group photo while
As a consequence of today's recession, many cash-strapped couples have entered the conflict zone where they experience a marital meltdown.
Some people think they know what's best for you better than you do. And if one of them speaks up during your engagement, it can make you second-guess yourself or ruin the relationship you have with that person.
Katie LoCricchio and her partner are engaged. The two live in Queens and, now that same-sex marriage has finally been legalized
Beyond \cold feet,\ dysfunctional future in-laws and reports of upcoming inclement weather, brides and grooms have plenty
When little girls dream of their wedding day, they imagine \The One.\ No, we're not talking about their future husbands, we're
NAGPUR
Ironically, one of the most important aspects of getting married is what comes the week or so after you say \I do\ -- the honeymoon.
In the history of entertaining, no guest has ever pooh-poohed a host who goes above-and-beyond the call of duty. Now it's your turn
Follow these three tips to ensure your wedding album includes must-have photos -- and ones that often get overlooked.
It's tough to please everyone's musical tastes at a wedding reception
If you want to look and feel differently on your wedding day than you do today, then you must change behaviors. If your answer is a confident yes, then you're ready to start setting goals.
He's popped the question, a sparkly new ring adorns your finger and you've begun turning your dreams into actual wedding plans. And then you start having some of your worst arguments ever.
We've all been told that infamous line from \27 Dresses,\ \You can shorten it and wear it again.\ It might take more than a mere hemming, but there is some truth to that adage.
The closer you get to your wedding day, the higher your stress level will be. Going shopping under these conditions leaves little time to hunt for deals, increasing the likelihood of impulse buys.
Why do brides-to-be make such a big deal out of selecting a wedding dress?  Is it the countless princesses from childhood fairy tales?  Or the endlessly photographed dresses of royalty and celebrities that have followed us into adulthood?
Three hours, two bottles of wine, and eight empty plates later, I knew I was in love. I had finally met a man who not only respected my...ahem...healthy appetite, but who could match it with his own.
No other details have been released yet, but it's no surprise that Lake and Evans decided on an intimate, private affair
Doherty said that after her wedding, guests began asking her about the dragonflies at her ceremony, thinking that the bride
The average wedding cake costs $540, according to TheKnot.com. Apparently a lot of couples haven't heard of fake cake -- layers
So, while the science behind the concept is murky at best, the idea of holding these communal \Pheromone Parties,\ is at least a unique way to meet your future spouse (and would make quite a story for the wedding toast).
Gone is the tradition of gents secretly buying engagement rings -- ring shopping in 2012 is now a task for two. Quite possibly
Conservatives may indeed be right -- same-sex marriage has the power to take marriage and spin it on its head. And that should be something all hetero husbands, wives and would-be spouses should celebrate.
We have certainly encountered our share of the usual culprits, such as red wine, lipstick, and chocolate.  But the one that takes the proverbial \cake\ involved the recently waxed red leather of a Rolls Royce and a scorching hot day.
Not everyone wants to have their wedding announced in The New York Times.  It just seems like they do when you write for the wedding section.
Dear naysayers
The fascination with the effortlessly cool vintage styles of the hit series \Mad Men\ has inspired designers and magazine editors alike to take notice. Women are not only madly shopping for \Mad Men\-inspired looks in store aisles, they are looking for inspiration to walk down THE aisle...
Weddings are hectic enough. Nobody wants to feel under the weather on the big day. Brides want to feel beautiful, confident and most of all healthy during this special time! In this piece, I will explain five simple yet powerful things you can do stay healthy before your upcoming wedding.
With so much on the line, brides, wanting luck in love and life, have thoughtfully mapped out what they'll wear or carry with them down the aisle.
\I think about it constantly,\ the 28-year-old said. \Like all day. No matter what I'm doing I always have my wedding on
If you have a significant other who believes that getting married is more a financial liability than a benefit, the mindset
What if, 20 years down the line, we wake up to find ourselves inexplicably out of love? These scenarios keep my mind merrily churning at night, even as I look over at my mate, certain that I have never loved anyone so profoundly.
Getting pre-wedding jitters or \cold feet\ before the Big Day is pretty common, but what happens if you realize you're just
Most of us would probably never marry someone we've never met in person, but for \Say Yes To The Dress
When I got married almost 10 years ago, it was my parents and I who orchestrated the week-long affair, a \medium-sized\u201d Indian
According to Scott, it was a fairly simple proposal, just dinner and live music. The actor confirmed his engagement to Frimodt
The couple, who have two daughters together, quickly realized they wouldn't be able to afford their dream wedding, so they
There will be plenty of opportunities in the coming years for a passionate night of love-making. If passing out after your wedding feels better than making out, so be it. You have the rest of your lives to make up for it.
They didn't want a band because they think it's hard to find a great one. They felt that DJs can fall a little flat. So they asked me to find them a VJ. Yes, VJ. Video Jockey. Think MTV before\ Jersey Shore.\
As I finished reading the last line aloud I looked up and there he was, Jacob & Co. ring in hand, waiting for my answer. I threw my arms around him and continued to sniffle, choke, sniffle, choke.
It is important to understand what type of look a bride wants to portray on her wedding day. Does she want to hide her baby bump or show it off?
Everyone thinks of the first year of marriage as the \honeymoon\ period, but newlyweds can often be dismayed to find that the first year can be rockier than they expected.
I\u2019m practical. Never dreamed of having a lavish gown. Didn't want to endure a long hunt for bargains. So four little words
Luxury\u00a0hotels have long been go-to venues for brides and grooms planning upscale weddings. But now, it\u2019s not just about the
Guys, if these or other marital scenarios get you thinking that your wife is too neurotic, the best place to look for this solution is to yourself. If she constantly wants assurances, perhaps you are not emotionally or physically available enough.
The couple married in 1942 after meeting at a school where they were both teachers. Aside from an 11-month break during World
Whatever style of wedding you and your fianc\u00e9e prefer, as the groom you need to decide early on how involved you want to be in the planning process, and make sure your bride understands and is supportive of your role.
The love note I penned to my partner inside the first edition copy of \The Essential Guide to Gay and Lesbian Weddings\ in December of 1995 was inspired by our engagement, and reveals that I had finally found a source for knowledgeable answers to our questions.
The note told him to dress for a first date (no orthopedic tennis shoes or white socks), to meet me in the bar at the Avalon Hotel at 8 p.m. sharp. I wrote that we would not know one another and could not be who we truly are.
Show tunes not your thing? What about heavy metal complete with a mosh pit at your reception? One of our couples had a very punk-rock style and absolutely loved heavy-metal music, mosh pits and crowd surfing at shows.
What's your game plan for taking care of your house, pets and other obligations during your wedding and honeymoon week? Have you even thought about it yet?
Watch the clip above to see their Big Day. When UK couple Lauren Lane and Daniel Welch found out that their wedding venue
If your lucky lady has been dropping some serious hints about what kind of engagement ring she wants, it's one of the best ways to begin designing your one-of-a-kind proposal story.
The recovery is firmly in place, and as many parents and grandparents are eager to tell their offspring, wedding costs have
Pinterest can help you communicate to others -- and clarify for yourself -- what you want your day to look like. Instead of tearing pages out of magazines or bookmarking entire web pages, you can organize inspiring images on virtual pinboards.
Like many folks, I love being witness to wedding vows. They remind us how people enter marriage brimming with optimism and hope, vowing to be fair and responsible partners.
Here at HuffPost Weddings, we know it's easy to get carried away looking at pretty pictures of wedding dresses and towering
Everyone can assume that you're so, so excited to get married. That's why posts like these can get pretty annoying pretty fast.
If you use the Internet these days, you've probably bought at least one online deal -- 50 percent off at Whole Foods, anyone
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. In order to get some foodie inspiration for
For the first time ever, rival teams from the University of Louisville and the University of Kentucky will play each other
My question is how to deal with letting people who are friends or relatives who are close but not close enough to make the
He told \Access Hollywood\ that his fan even staged an entire wedding with a cut-out version of him as the \groom.\ \Basically
It was date night for Ben Flajnik and fiancee Courtney Robertson in Hollywood on Thursday at Svedka's Second Annual Night
While brides know that nothing is more \en vogue\ than casual, nontraditional celebrations at all budgets and that wedding \rules\ are now meant to be broken, this is still coming as news to many a mother out there.
I can hear what you're thinking right now. Really, she's talking about dividing up chores? Yawn. But here is the thing. Household division of labor is one of the problems that causes the most stress in young marriages.
Hurtful interactions are repeated over and over and get lodged in the brain. Love-inducing chemicals are on hold and it seems like the end of love and passion. And the relationship is ripe for infidelity.
Marriage is a pretty big step. Or, you know -- not. Camila Alves says she doesn't expect walking down the aisle to change
Yes, according to a new online poll that surveyed more than 2,806 American women. The survey, conducted in March by online
Wedding gown shopping isn't always fun for the bride, although it should be. If you don't enjoy clothing shopping as a general rule, you probably aren't looking forward to wedding gown shopping either.
The couple tied the knot on Feb. 16 in the basement of Yakima Valley Memorial Hospital. Conradi's sister, Emily Conradi, was
From the dress to d\u00e9cor details, whether you're a bride-to-be, a bridesmaid, or the MOB, tweet your questions to @huffpostwedding with the hashtag #AskAmsale and I'll share my best advice for achieving sheer perfection on the big day.
Though the message of the show will be serious, it will stay true to its off-the-cuff, comedic nature by including quirky
But in time, the perception of our relationship became much less compelling than our actual relationship. We married. There was a baby, and then another. We built a home and grew a business. Towers were targeted and toppled. We had twins. His mother died. In short, time passed.
More from BRIDES
I looked up into the green eyes of a drop-dead gorgeous Venetian with curly hair.  He bought me a gelato and gave me a tour of the city.  We ended up at his apartment.  I was ready to jump into love. He was ready to jump into bed.
We've all heard of a \shotgun wedding,\ but these days, the expression seldom involves real shotguns -- until now. Have a
Anne Hathaway is no ordinary bride-to-be! Though she won't walk down the aisle until October 2013, the actress and her fiance
In the 1980s U.S. movie \u201cCoal Miner\u2019s Daughter,\u201d Sissy Spacek portrays Loretta Lynn, the country\u00a0girl\u00a0who\u00a0sang her way from
As a Proposal Planner, I interview hundreds of men in my profession, and I ask them why they feel that their relationship and the person they're with is the one. Despite how different each relationship is, nearly all men mention six things. I saw these six things with Peeta and Katniss.
We knew we wanted to take an unforgettable honeymoon trip, and we hoped that people would be just as content giving us a memorable moment as they would any other gift.
Forgiveness is one of the building blocks that makes for a successful marriage. Not only does self-forgiveness dampen the fires of fury, but more important, it enables you to deepen your love and appreciation for the other person.
One thing is for sure in the world of weddings
\It was surreal, I couldn't believe it,\ bride Frances Canning told the Sun. Though she politely declined the invitation
\What's the date for Black Marriage Day?\ the reporter asked.  Nisa told the woman she'd call her right back, hung up, then looked at the calendar.  January, February and April-June were out -- New Year's, Black History Month, Easter, Mother's Day, Father's Day.  March was empty.
You may be thinking, \I have enough to worry for my wedding without trying to save the world!\ But considering the environment while you plan, purchase, and get set to party can actually make your job easier.
Hey, engaged girls
Tying the knot on a reality TV show may seem like a new phenomenon, but getting married on TV is actually old hat. \When
The most prominent press for Jennifer Westfeldt\u2019s recently released movie, \u201cFriends With Kids,\u201d was a New York Times Magazine
For all those single women out there who often wonder what type of man they should marry or how they will know if he's \The One\ they're meant to spend forever with, this list is 100 percent for you.
In my best friend's greatest time of need, mere weeks after she helped me pull off a wedding beyond my highest hopes, I dumped her flat on her face.
According to this clip from CMT's new show \My Big Redneck Vacation,\ there's a world of difference between the two. \My
As it turns out, no item is too excessive for \My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding\ bride Dolores, who has adopted a \go big or go home
Looking for a romantic getaway that is easy to get to and won't break the bank? These hotels are not only stunning, they'll accommodate your special day perfectly.
LOOK
Marriage can be a costly experience for the bride and groom but it seems even wedding guests don't escape unscathed. The
Our wedding cake expert Patti Van Gramberg talks traditions, trends and reveals her unique approach to cake decorating. It\u2019s
Upon meeting Michelle and Jared, the bride- and groom-to-be, I knew that I was in for an unforgettable experience (chalk it up, perhaps, to their \exotic\ culinary requests of alligator and squirrel, among other things).
\Happily ever after\ is being put on hold for Liverpool, England groom Max Kay, who was recently sentenced to six years in
The average cost of a wedding rose in 2011 for the first time since 2008, according to a new report released Wednesday from
In the tongue-in-cheek \Viking Wives,\ Torgard and his wife bicker about his \new pelts\ and her habit of drinking with her
Marriage doesn't have to mean that you give up romance. In fact, now that you're married and living together, it should mean that you make your intimate time together even more of a priority.
When a couple moves in together, it's not just the people who must adjust. If either partner has a dog, it's important to
The online rental housing listing site took a number of variables into consideration when identifying the top cities for
Planning a wedding can be tricky, especially when you and your spouse have to navigate what seems to be an entirely new language
Even when you're in a state of post-wedding bliss, people you're not all that close with may ask something that's none of their business, thus shaking you out of your happy honeymoon period.
The only thing worse than doing chores is having to do them twice. The main areas where men fall short? Laundry, vacuuming
At the end of a long day, what do the president of the United States and the first lady talk about? That's what David Letterman
Your wedding stationery gives your guests a glimpse into what they can expect at your wedding.  It's important to put a lot of thought into your wedding stationery because you don't want to give guests the wrong information and impression
We make it to Museo de las Casas Reales for the ceremony at 3:30 pm and minutes before reaching the door, Marlene stops in her tracks. Her vows. She has them in her head, but in the flurry of morning activity, she forgot to write them down. Stress level
Tilt-shift? Holga? Bokeh? No, we're not speaking a foreign language -- these terms actually describe some of the hottest trends in wedding photography. Consult our glossary and, if you like what you see, discuss the possibilities with your photographer.
Wearing tennis shoes on your big day? Brides who are wearing tennis shoes on their wedding day are four times more likely to shop at H&M than a designer boutique like Tory Burch.
As a seasoned diamond industry veteran, I know exactly where I can sacrifice quality without affecting the look of the diamond whatsoever.  Amazingly, this can often mean spending only a fraction of what one might otherwise needlessly spend on a higher quality diamond.
Brides-to-be, unless you believe in the evil spirits/lucky marriage scenario, I say it's time to break the rules! Instead of dragging your maids to a shop to try on matching numbers, try some of these  options.
Sometimes I feel like I'm the only person in the world who wasn't bowled over by Kate Middleton's (sorry, the Duchess of Cambridge's) long sleeved wedding dress! Nor was I all that impressed with her hair (reports that it took two sessions, the second of which was 4 hours long just baffle me!).
What can your guests expect? HuffPost Weddings spoke to the spouses-to-be to find out why they chose the Irish holiday as
Irish whiskey in the welcome bags?  Check.  Shamrock cookie cutter wedding favors?  Check.  Green beer?  Check.  Intern dressed in a leprechaun costume prancing around the cocktail hour with a pot of chocolate gold coins?  Priceless.
It's true that St.Patrick's day brings out the Irish in everyone, and it also happens to bring out the prettiest of Irish
The beauty and challenge of motherhood is that as tightly as you would like to hold on to your precious one, you continually need to let go.
By the blame game, I am referring to fights in which each spouse insists on being right and that the other is wrong. We've all played the blame game at some time or another.
While sailing through the aisles of Macy's with a scanning gun might be some engaged couples' idea of a perfect Sunday afternoon
Every bride\u2019s wedding is cover story worthy. After all, the walk down the aisle is the ultimate red carpet moment no matter
According to a new survey by Food Network UK, more than half of British men surveyed prefer their mother's cooking over their
In a sea of over-saturation, hundreds of websites with an \elite\ list of wedding professionals, magazine advertorials, your friends' recommendations, reality TV shows, blogs, blogs, and more blogs... it can be a daunting task to sift through all the clutter.
You've known them all your life, so you also  know this is the way they are. You were just hoping they would take a hiatus while you're planning your wedding. They won't.
All judging aside about whether or not Courtney was the right choice (we'll leave that job to Ellen), lets have a look at the Neil Lane-designed engagement ring that Ben Flajnik proposed with on Monday night's show.
\[The] second year was way more difficult than the first,\ the reality TV star told Leno. \I was pregnant when I got married
We've seen a lot of awkward wedding videos, but this one has got to be one of the most painful we've ever seen. Aaron was
You can have a wedding with the sophisticated chic style of the Hamptons without putting yourself into debt. I've got five chic \over-the-top but understated\ ideas that will bring the style of the Hamptons easily to your wedding.
On Tuesday, bridal blog Green Wedding Shoes shared photos from two \Hunger Games\-styled inspiration shoots (neither are
I married Bill in my older son's apartment in Manhattan. My younger son, who is an artist and professor -- but also a marriage officiant who can perform services --  married us. He included words from my late husband's prayerbook, an especially moving consecration.
I wasn't looking for \the one\ (an idea that's subject to debate when applied to people, much less articles of clothing). I just wanted something that would make me feel as gorgeous as my groom -- and cost less than everyone seemed to expect me to pay.
Watch the video above to see how DeGeneres sends her message. Among Robertson's critics was talk show host Ellen DeGeneres
Interfaith and intercultural issues usually come with many layers; they may be more complex or serious depending on the culture from which your family hails, their personal religious values, and their attachment to their traditions.
There if often a powerful longing, and curiosity, about \the one who got away.\ Old boyfriends are our history-holders; they watched us grow from girls to women, they took us to drive-ins in Mustangs on summer nights.
Perhaps it is not the lower-class who have dramatically changes values, but the governmental community which shifted its priorities from a strong, working class and healthy family life to big business and big money.
Jenna McCarthy, author of If If Was Easy They'd Call The Whole Damn Thing a Honeymoon, stopped by AOL studios recently to
When my girlfriend and I decided it was time to take our relationship to the next level, she wasn't sure what style engagement
Did the young ladies in the very first episode of \Say Yes to the Dress
This year, we are all waiting to find out if Ben \The Bachelor\ is going to pick controversial Courtney or Lindzi. But as a proposal planner, I also wonder, how is he going to propose?
Watch the trailer for \The Five-Year Engagement\ below. The 29-year-old actress said that the film is \very real and very
Did we bother to discuss the wisdom of this enormous investment with anyone else -- a financial planner, perchance? A savvy friend? An architect or engineer? Of course not.
Curly Sue is all grown up -- and married! Alisan Porter, a singer-songwriter and actress - best known as the star of 1991
David Curtis wanted the rings for his marriage to Jessica Stonex to be original, and to have meaning beyond their circular
I became consumed with how this wedding represented me. It was the culmination of all that I was and all that I was going to be. Did the flowers represent who I was? Did the venue really reflect our style?
Maybe I'm just not a sentimentalist, but my marriage is more than just a gold ring. I felt the same way about my wedding ceremony many years ago. I really cared more about where we would go on vacation afterward than what flowers I carried.
As I sit at home listening to Phantogram, on my laptop on a Friday night, I sit here thinking about flowers and my next event. Who really cares about flowers?
From homemade wedding dresses to handcrafted decorations, the details of DIY weddings are often the core of their inspiring nature. Signs are a nice touch for DIY wedding d\u00e9cor.
\It seemed a little dangerous,\ said Missy, one of the brides judging the wedding. \And then they actually dropped him.\ TLC's
FOR generations, getting married meant solemnly standing before an authority figure charged with upholding the rules of civil
Hamm adds that the couple is dedicated to one another, even if they aren't married. \Having a piece of paper serves to remind
After five months of planning, Paula Cubero was about to marry her fiance, Enrique Catter. The church was rented, the band
NEW YORK -- Can two thirtysomething guys who have never been married rescue the institution of marriage? Well, this is New
Just because you're married doesn't mean your dating days are over. An online dating website, HowAboutWe, is hoping to help
Not every bride who included you has to make the cut for your nuptials. Here are seven situations in which it's okay not to return the invite.
From the beginning, her heart and mind and body were still attached (addicted to) the jerk. Equating sex with love, she was completely convinced that she would never feel in love with her husband.
Planning on getting hitched abroad? Then you might want to know which country shuns religious ceremonies, or which requires
I think I just got away with telling my dad he won\u2019t be giving me away at my wedding -- and the world didn\u2019t fall apart. I\u2019d
We have the freedom to be more creative in customizing each party. We can avoid the pockets of yawn that tend to occur with a generic wedding formula.
It is very important for a woman to know how the man she is dating feels and whether he will eventually step up and propose. These 7 signs help you clarify if he thinks your relationship is for keeps or just fun for right now.
Some people think an engagement ring should never be bought \used,\ not in any circumstance. They believe an engagement ring should be something bought specifically for you.
Three basic ingredients are needed for a memorable celebration
Fifty years is a long time, for just about anything -- particularly a marriage. Two people, my parents, got married on March
The 31-year-old actor jokingly called his wife of three years \Dr. Carey,\ and told \Access Hollywood\ that she always makes
But will there be a show about their newlywed life? It's not likely. \He doesn't give a [expletive] about [celebrities],\ Snooki
About BridesView BridesView is a wedding inspiration community that helps brides and grooms envision and plan their wedding
Have you finally received the invitation with those two very special words you've been waiting for ... \and guest\? One problem
I hear about clients who are engaged and buying homes together because the interest rates are so low and I cringe and pray that it's all going to work out perfectly in the end. My daddy always said, \Don't buy anything with anybody you're not married to.\
Kristin was so amazing that I wanted to give her everything for free! Please, please take the flowers! Take the vases! When we met, she was so great that I lowered my prices dramatically to work within her budget just because I wanted really badly to do her flowers.
Her are a few pearls of wisdom I have gathered over my 22-plus years photographing weddings that will help make your wedding day more fluid, with less stress and more time to create great images with your photographer.
You don't want everyone looking at their watches, thinking, \How much longer before I can leave?\ because they've gotten restless, tired and hungry at your wedding. Do you? Of course not.
Do the images you see move you? Do you like the presentation? You should like most, if not all, of what you see. You may get lots of input and opinions from friends and family, but the most important opinion is your own.
It is traumatic to lose a loved one at any time, but when this happens close to your wedding day, it can be devastating and disorienting. There many ways to lovingly acknowledge your loss while maintaining the spirit of the occasion.
I realized that she didn't say she needed more \foreplay.\ What she did say was that she needed more \chore-play.\ What a concept!
Sitting here writing this now, being scared to death of trying on gorgeous white gowns sounds like a pretty ridiculous problem to have. I was just so overwhelmed with making a decision
I am all about being innovative, thinking outside of the box, and keeping up with the times.  But I do not think that proposing on the Internet is appropriate. It really does take away from the intimacy of a proposal.
Yes, even before you arrive at the wedding ceremony, you can make mistakes that can drive an engaged couple crazy. Luckily, it's pretty easy to avoid committing these offenses.
HP
But I recall one day extracting a promise from him that is still being extracted from men and women today
Fancy and intricate arrangements to imbue your reception with drama.
Currently, 90-year-old Rose Pollard and 100-year-old Forrest Lunsway hold the title of the world's oldest newlyweds, according
But for \Say Yes To The Dress
A bride can spend anywhere from $1.50 an invitation set to more than $10.00 on these e-marketplaces. The unique designs that are available is vast, and there is a designer to fit every style and budget.
People find me because in the throes of anxiety. They're taken down by a series of questions that cause them to fear whether or not they're in the \right\ relationship or if they're making a \mistake.\
First, do your best to change whatever needs fixing. Second, whatever isn't fixable, don't let it show until the man you are interested in is interested in you.
These crooks know that people go online to search for the best possible deal -- so if they can make it look like they're offering a diamond at a price that's better than the rest, many people will fall for it.
\You have to realize the times of days you like to have sex,\ Frankel said. \I'm a morning sex person.\ The 41-year-old mother
There's nothing like art when it really nails an imitation of life, and Tuesday's season finale of NBC's Parenthood hammered it big-time with Crosby and Jasmine's wedding.
Weddings have become big productions these day, and one of the most important elements of my work is the actual orchestration of the wedding itself. Just because you have planned something doesn't mean it is going to happen.
Katherine Parkin, an expert on the tradition's history in the U.S., wrote
Most couples want nothing more than to spend the rest of their lives together -- but when one partner is terminally ill, getting
Khloe Kardashian Odom stopped by \The Tonight Show With Jay Leno\ Tuesday to talk about how she cheered her husband up during
The Internet can be a nasty place sometimes, offering anonymous commenters the opportunity to sling insults and start flame
During these difficult financial times, many couples, usually without ever noticing it, start dealing with life as individuals. They don't fight for their relationship.
Most couples who are about to take the plunge think they know everything there is to know about each other already. But in most cases, they haven't tackled one very important matter
The truth is, no wedding can be categorized. However, it doesn\u2019t hurt to choose a few key words to inspire you during the
Six original party favours that will delight even the most swag-fatigued guest Read more on www.torontolife.com
Weddings are big business. We've all heard that the word \wedding\ in front of photographer or caterer will automatically
As for the wedding details, Tyler told Kimmel that he doesn't know the exact date of the Big Day yet, but that he'll definitely
Answer these 4 financial questions to help determine whether your union is set up for the long road ahead or if you're actually in a drive-thru marriage.
Too many brides allow their big day to become their all-day, everyday reason for living, annoying everyone around them in the process, and often, they don't even realize that they've gotten that bad.
Is bridal chic the latest trend on the red carpet? Judging from the plethora of wedding-inspired gowns at the 84th Academy
Winning an Oscar is no small feat, and can often leave perfectly-poised stars stunned and speechless on stage. But despite
If you're truly concerned that your unwanted Ex (or your unwanted Ex's mother, who never quite recovered from the breakup) will crash your wedding, here are a few tips to consider.
Seth Rogen stopped by \The Ellen DeGeneres Show\ to dish about his October wedding to his longtime girlfriend, Lauren Miller
Cystic Fibrosis patient Kirstie Mills was faced with that dilemma when her debilitating condition put her on a double-lung
I believe the promotion of African tourism to the American bridal market aids in changing the perception of Africa. In this post, I've listed my top 5 honeymoon destinations.
Many of us are stumped to define love, and even those of us who can define it often find that others may not agree with our definition. Yet we all have an idea of what love is.
Women who learn to let \fun\ fuel their weight loss feel more beautiful, sexy and confident, lose more weight than dieters AND have a life full of passion, romance, relaxation and purpose.
We are seeing an altogether earthy style, reflective of our concerns as a society -- a pro-earth, pro-nature look -- and weddings will be more natural altogether.
Everyone has their own reasons for changing or keeping their original surnames, and to judge them for or make assumptions about a choice that has no bearing on your day-to-day is pretty pointless.
With all the details, many seem to overlook the important task (and etiquette) of tipping. Here's my no-fail guide on making those who put your wedding together as happy as the bride and groom.
Weddings have traditionally been all about the bride. But experts say male participation in all things \I Do\ is on the rise
The woman, from China's Hebei Province, near Beijing, died over the Lunar Year holiday, according to the Global Times. But
Where there is an absence of formal doctrine, the couple has to think for themselves. The absence of traditional wording can leave space for a more spontaneous and heartfelt expression of love.
Do you know how many months you have to send out those thank-you notes after your Big Day? What about the rules on where
Pitt and Jolie have six children; three adopted and three conceived together. video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo
Couples who, in a spirit of romance and hope, are beginning to prepare for a spring wedding would probably do well to avoid
Newlyweds Susan and Evan Money look every bit the happy couple in their photos from their wedding day in July 1997. But like
Couples are now going to extraordinary lengths in a bid to make their wedding stand out -- by sending invitations made from
For all the time it takes to plan them, weddings come and go too quickly. So we're always looking for new and better ways
Now married 13 years, the couple jokes they had to go through customs just to date. Little did they know four years ago when
The reason behind the secretive nuptials? According to Chris Thomas, a spokesman for Smart, the bride -- who was kidnapped
This lovely couple from California wanted a small intimate wedding abroad, away from the hassle of having to organize a large event back home for their family and friends.
What's a bride to do to ensure that the day goes as planned and a month from now, when the wedding is just a fading memory, her pictures tell the fairy-tale dream in all its glory? Hire the right photographer!
Kim's anguish over her crappy marriage was too painfully authentic to be an act. As it turns out, Kim is just like the rest of us (give or take a few million dollars and a world-famous butt).
Indian weddings tend to be fashion parades, and as someone who didn't have the money or vacation time to travel to India frequently, I could never quite fit in.
You've waited all your life for this moment -- the man you love gets down on one knee, takes out a small box, opens it and lets out the magic words, \Will you marry me?\ As you're about to shout out, \Yes!\ you take one look at that ring and think, \Oh No!\
1. Bruce ordered meatloaf the first night they met. 8. Kris doesn't give her daughters love advice. Kris Jenner spoke to
Vera Wang, the iconic wedding gown designer, recently launched a wedding planning and design app to help brides with more than just the search for their dream dress.
It's well-known that what happens at the bachelor party stays at the bachelor party, but these other secrets grooms keep may not be as obvious.
A town hall meeting might seem like an unlikely place to propose, but for one New Jersey man, it was the perfect place to
Check out the video above to see the other very surprising gift Odom sent to his wife. The couple recently moved to Dallas
In November 2009, my boyfriend Darren surprised me with a romantic proposal over a candlelit dinner. I was ecstatic. But
You take great pride in carefully curating your wardrobe with unique pieces everyone's always stopping to ask you about, and
But then I see the bowl.  Dear God, the bowl.  Glistening in the distance.  I've never had an emotional response to a bowl before.  I don't know that I've ever NOTICED a bowl before.
While I believe it's absolutely the bride's day, I'm not sure I can co-sign the desire to toss every bit of taste and decorum out the window.  At some point, over the top becomes just too, too much.
Interracial marriage is on the rise, according to a new report from the Pew Research Center. The report, which came out Thursday
Rap mogul Sean \Diddy\ Combs stopped by \The Ellen DeGeneres Show\ on Thursday to honor musical icon Whitney Houston, who
Nagging is a major problem for relationships compared to other relationship issues because virtually all couples nag compared, for example, to relatively rare but traumatic problems such as adultery.
Photos courtesy of Mattel. This isn't the first time we're seeing royal wedding dolls. Last year, collectable company Franklin
Although women have traditionally been the ones to wear engagement rings, a recent survey by TheKnot.com and Men's Health
Clearly there's a movement to get people -- with the help of teachers and counselors -- to think before marrying or divorcing. It sounds like a good idea, but do marriage prep courses work?
Whether it's envying Kim Kardashian's over-the-top event -- if not the short duration of her matrimonial bliss -- or dreaming
In this column, I want to hear from you and help you address all of your bridal questions. Submit your questions via Twitter @huffpostwedding, and each week we'll select several inquiries to be answered.
DK
You're at a wedding, the vows have been made, rings exchanged and kiss sealed when the celebrant makes the announcement to
When you bring love to the foreground and lust to the background, you squeeze the life out of the relationship. You can bring romance, passion, and sexual desire back to the foreground.
Ice T and Coco stopped by \Conan\ Monday night to dish on how they keep their sex life spicy after 11 years of marriage. The
Hoping to get engaged this Valentine's Day? If so, head to the kitchen. Woo Your Valentine With \Engagement Chicken\ Watch
In honor of her passing last weekend, we rounded up our favorite Whitney Houston songs ideal for your own powerful, raw, emotional first-dance moments.
VALENTINE'S DAY IS BULLSHIT.  Right?  A made-up holiday for the sentimental and the deluded, the real purpose of which is to separate a fool from her pants or his money.
HuffPost Weddings spoke to the contest winners to learn more about their love stories, and find out why they wanted to celebrate
For three years I have been photographing and interviewing couples who have been married for over 50 years. I photograph these couples as a way to preserve their stories and to illuminate our universal experience of love.
Let these ten left-of-center tracks be a starting point for your \I Do\ playlist.  (And a bottle of Veuve Cliquot couldn't hurt.)
Congratulations! Just be glad you're not this couple. Watch the video above to see what happens. If the old adage is true
Trigger planned to surprise Krieger on Valentine's Day with the app, which builds on Instagram -- a free photo-sharing program
Since 1996, National Marriage Week, and its stateside counterpart, National Marriage Week USA, has aimed to spread awareness
When Steven Ketcham met Alexandra Budny's mother, she told him, \I'm going to be your future mother-in-law.\ There was just
Does that mean we should just go out and pick any random person to marry to improve the quality of our lives?  Or that we should stay in a hellacious marriage for the sake of the kids?
\The Vow,\ a film about a man whose wife loses her memory after a car accident and forgets her husband, opened in theaters
The next time you are about to throw away what is only poor filler, look again. There may be gold in that there dross.
I graduated from college having just reconnected with my first love, a sweet, talented guy I could never quite figure out
A TRAGIC bride fulfilled her dying wish to marry her sweetheart just three days before she died. Rachel Sanderson, from East
There are any number of reasons to get nervous about planning a wedding, but the realignment of college football conferences
I have been known to, on more than one occasion, look down my nose at items I deem to be tacky wedding fare... carnations, tulle, DIY invitations. And yet, the wedding I'm most embarrassed of having planned, the one I'd never put into my portfolio, is my own.
The pressure is on to impress and stand out from the crowd. She'll be re-telling the story of your engagement for the rest of her life, so be sure to give her something to brag about.
Tatum stars as Leo, a husband who tries to get his wife, Paige (played by Rachel McAdams), to fall back in love with him
Legal Documentation Couples marrying in Mexico must submit passports to the civil registry. Some states require translated
The Ceremony Marriages in Russia are civil service ceremonies that take place at the local ZAGS (Zapis Aktov Grazhdanskogo
Residency Requirement And Waiting Period For U.S. citizens who want to get married in Monaco, either the bride or groom must
We know regular date nights are important for marriages. But dates don't have to be complicated; in fact, some of my suggestions for dates may surprise you.
The Ceremony The marriage must be performed before a person (whether clergy or otherwise) who is approved to register weddings
Some say keeping a marriage afloat is a constant struggle, a battle to keep your heads above water. If that\u2019s indeed true
SAN DIEGO, February 8, 2012 -- Other than Cupid, there's no one better qualified to give Valentine's Day advice than a divorce
Channing Tatum and his wife, actress Jenna Dewan, opened up about their marriage at the Los Angeles premiere of \The Vow
The Ceremony A couple can have a church wedding in the Philippines or a civil ceremony before a judge or mayor. Weddings
Legal Documentation The list of documentation required for U.S. citizens to marry in Morocco is lengthy. All of the documentation
Others suggest that bereft spouses may suffer from takotsubo cardiomyopathy, a condition dubbed \broken heart syndrome,\ which
Same-Sex Marriage Same-sex marriage is legal in France, as of May 2013. The Marriage Certificate After marriage, each couple
Learn more about getting married abroad here. Additional Information Once residency requirements are met and the couple file
Residency Requirement And Waiting Period There is no residency requirement for marriage in Spain, but civil registry officials
Additional Information Puerto Rico is a popular wedding venue for U.S. citizens, and most travel agencies and resorts offer
Some couples are content to tie the knot at the courthouse down the road. But for those who are more adventurous, a destination
Residency Requirement And Waiting Period There is no residency requirement to get married in Hong Kong. After filing a Notice
Additional Information Individual requirements for marriage vary by locality, so applicants should check with the office
To apply for a marriage license, applicants must go to the local marriage registration office of the local civil affairs
Legal Documentation Each partner must provide an original birth certificate and passport. In the case of previous marriages
Additional Information Since marriage certificates and regulations are set at a regional level in Canada, applicants should
In my experiences as a wedding celebrant, I often have brides who are concerned about being tearful. Although I have found that make up never seems to get very smudged by tears of love.
Residency Requirement And Waiting Period There is no residency requirement in Ireland. Couples must make an appointment with
We've seen plenty of nerdy engagements before, but this man's unique binary code proposal takes the cake. Seem strange? Maybe
National Marriage Week USA kicks off today, and for many people, a national booster movement for marriage could not come
Learn more about getting married abroad here. Additional Information Marriage licenses expire in Jamaica after three months
View the full set of laws and regulations regarding marriage in Japan. The Marriage Certificate Japanese municipal government
Anderson Cooper may be known for his hard-hitting news stories, but the veteran CNN reporter also seems to have a soft-spot
Legal Documentation Individuals marrying in Italy must submit a Nulla Osta form -- along with a $50 fee -- that verifies
Learn more about getting married abroad here. Same-Sex Marriage Same-sex marriage is not legal in India. In 2009, India's
How to guarantee your guests have a ball without driving yourself crazy? We asked all-star wedding planners to dish it, and
Age Requirement The legal -- or majority -- age to get married in Illinois is 18. Applicants who are 16 or 17 years old may
Brides often forget to consider these qualities before issuing that all-important invitation to be a bridesmaid. Check out this checklist.
The Federal Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the unconstitutionality of Proposition 8 today in California. That's a very good thing. But don't rush off to get married quite yet...
For tips on how to spice up your sex life, check out iVillage's \We Want Sex Week\ coverage. \This research sets the record
After winning his first Super Bowl on Sunday night, New York Giants' rookie linebacker Greg Jones surprised his girlfriend
Weil
With a wedding comes a need to provide perfection (or something close to it), and perfection comes with a slightly higher price tag.
Watching a bride's pursuit of her dress is not unlike observing the approach that many people use when searching for their future spouse and soul mate.
Remember yourself, as a child, being set free in a candy store? Nothing was more appealing than a table set up with a variety
The rich are different from you and me
Just in time for Valentine's, online dating site Match.com has released their second annual in-depth \Singles in America\ study, which confirms the growing trend that the need to wed is on the decline.
My business is to produce elaborate, luxurious marriage proposals. For most of my clients, cost is an afterthought. In other words, they are The 1%. But what about proposals for the rest of us?
The multiple Grammy winner addressed recent rumors that she had gotten into a fight with her husband in a nightclub, and
Despite being regularly celebrated in Bollywood films, glitzy Indian weddings have been blamed for putting pressure on poor
On Sunday, as fans of football and fans of commercials gather round the TV, my husband will be sitting with me at a devastatingly romantic restaurant.
Although it's long been thought that marriage offers all sorts of health and psychological benefits, a new study has found that cohabiters do just as well as those who have said, \I do.\
If you get on a program that includes five days a week of strength training and cardio, combined with a smart eating plan, you'll look great and feel even better on your wedding day.
Unless you hail from Seaside Heights, you're going to need a little more than GTL (gym, tan,  laundry) to get yourself looking and feeling your best for the wedding.
John Krasinski stopped by \Conan\ on Thursday to talk about his new movie \Big Miracle,\ and to dish on his relationship
So many singles appear to be enjoying their unencumbered and unmarried state that two-thirds aren't even sure they want to
My brother, my best friend, and my girlfriend's sister are all getting married in the upcoming year, so I've heard a lot
All I can say is this man knows his dresses. If you're getting married, find him. Or maybe you'll get lucky and he'll find you!
If you think missing a family member's wedding for any reason is out of the question, think again. Recently, 20 percent of
Cutler first proposed to Cavallari in April 2011, but he called off the nuptials -- and their relationship -- in July, just
Other factors that contributed to feelings of intense love included thinking positively about one's partner, thinking about
What's happening here? The mainstream model of relationships disseminates the message that \doubt means don't\ and nowhere is this phrase more prominent than during an engagement.
The problem in marriages is not so much that we nag each other; the problem is that we forget to appreciate what we have.
Paltrow and Martin met in 2002 and tied the knot the following year. The couple have two children together, 7-year-old Apple
I wanted to talk to an expert about how I could help men find the perfect engagement ring without blowing their pocketbook. Here are three steps you can take to maximize the visual impact of the diamond.
Love was the medicine of the day at Lahey Clinic this past Friday as a couple of 30 years tied the knot in a special wedding
Brides may dream of a wedding with an endless budget, but costs for extravagant wedding details can quickly overwhelm wallets
According to Us Weekly, Koppelman popped the question while the couple were vacationing in Idaho over the holidays. The happy
Everyone knows that TV weddings are ratings bonanzas, and the destructive aftermaths of those weddings are even more exciting
The Super Bowl is really important to Americans. The year's most highly-anticipated sporting event is so important, in fact
A new survey is sure to confirm just what many a married couple have long suspected. Arguing once a week can be the secret
We arrived to a bakery where I'd been plenty of times before and had great experiences.  When she saw us, the assistant who greeted us that day said, \So, which one of you is the bride?\
While Tutera has not personally responded to the allegations, his publicist released a statement to the \Today\ show
We've seen plenty of wedding invitations, but the most memorable invites are always the ones that get your guests laughing
When it comes to planning your wedding, the last thing on your radar may be drafting a prenup. But according to celebrity
But just because they're privileged and wealthy doesn't mean the search for romance is easy. The four-part series follows
It seems that 2012's red carpets are seeing white. Wedding dress-inspired gowns are appearing on red carpets everywhere this
Bottom line, when it comes to symbolizing your love and commitment with a ring -- regardless of your reason -- pick a finger and don't be afraid to get some bling for that ring!
Afterwards, we got drunk on champagne at our favorite neighborhood restaurant, I ripped my dress, and then we rode off on unicorns into the sunset. It was...perfect.
If you're the average couple who met at a bar, you'll wistfully remember the watering hole as a big part of your single life.  So don't forget about the bar just because you're walking down the aisle!
If you thought wedding ceremonies can't get more bizarre than the groom breaking a wine glass by stepping on it at a Jewish
Not all stars opt for lavish, over-the-top weddings -- some skip the Big Day madness and decide to elope instead. Click through
We may have waged a war on drugs but we havent even begun to dismantle the rampant addiction to love that seeps into every crack of mainstream culture.
