

Since the Brexit referendum last summer, there has been no shortage of pundits pedaling an image of a Northern Ireland on the brink of economic calamity.
I am one of many in Bangladesh and around the world who does not have equal access to a range of basic rights and resources. The social discrimination that surrounds disability excludes me from society and has left me isolated.












Is there such a thing as a two-state solution? Even with land swaps, there are over half a million settlers living in the West Bank and in the mainly Arab section of East Jerusalem.






Tens of thousands of Iraqis continue to be displaced fleeing violence, desperate for food, in areas of the country controlled by hardline armed groups.















Pakistan has a long history of hounding the dissenters. The country's military establishment -and occasionally the civilian one too- has stigmatized, ostracized and persecuted those who differed with whatever was considered the state-sponsored gospel truth at the time.

The U.S. presidential election mercifully has ended. But global conflict continues. And politicians are still attempting to drag America into another tragic, bloody Middle Eastern conflict.

President-elect Donald Trump has a unique opportunity to redirect American foreign policy, which has become dangerously unbalanced and militarized. The answer is not isolation, but robust, thoughtful engagement.
Suddenly the beacon of fighting for fundamental rights of freedom may be in the hands of the Europeans. The world is not a nice place nowadays. These principles do not have the same support as a decade or two ago and if the U.S. fails to exercise leadership the going will be tough.
















\The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter,\ the great Winston Churchill once said. This statement has been proven yet again by the US Congress acting on behalf of the American people and overriding President Obama's veto of JASTA.
A couple of Rand Corporation scholars have discovered America's problem vis-\u00e0-vis Russia


The Interamerican Commission for Human Rights has denounced a deep financial crisis, perhaps the worst since its establishment. This debacle happens after years of systematically inadequate funding policies.
The American University of Kurdistan (AUK) and the Institute for Media and Political Research (IMPR) in August 2016 conducted a face-to-face survey in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq to measure the level of support for independence.




Our goal now is to work together to strengthen the European Union while ensuring as close a relationship as possible between the UK and EU.
It was one year ago that Germany began to feel the full impact of the refugee crisis, with the first trains of refugees arriving at the Munich train station. It was clear from the outset that Germany had to assume responsibility in the crisis, and so we did.





It's not sufficient to know that Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel had a violent relationship with his wife, or that Abdelmalik Petitjean visited Turkey just prior to entering a church in Normandy. What's more important is to understand what they wanted for themselves in the longer term.
It's always exciting to visit the PRC. But it is most interesting to learn about China, which is vastly larger, more complex, and humane than the nominal communist state which still rules. It's impossible to predict what China will ultimately become. Most important is that it becomes free, consigning today's authoritarian regime to history's dustbin. Then the people of China will be able to decide their own future.





If you take this revolutionary value (anti-Americanism) away from the Islamic Republic of Iran, the system will crumble like a house of sand. That is why whenever leaders think that the U.S. and Iran are getting closer, Iranian top gilded leaders reassert the message that America is the enemy number one
According to a group of Tamil human rights activists, Sri Lanka's incipient transitional justice process is deeply flawed. Several organizations have recently delivered a letter to UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon -- who just visited the war-torn island nation.
Washington long has told the rest of the world what to do. But the world usually pays little attention. When ignored, U.S. officials typically talk tougher and louder, with no better result. That describes American policy toward North Korea.





In true keeping with its unconscionably horrific vision, Daash has been marching forward with a genocidal effort, specifically targeting Yazidi people whom it believes to be devil worshippers. Yazidis are not Muslim and practice some customs, including pagan ones that are misunderstood and leveraged as hate by Daash.
My article is not intended to teach anything you already know but to motivate you to take actions. Syria is living under the horrors of war for 4 years and civilians are the main casualties especially children.








PERTH, Australia -- This latest hack has not simply pointed out that nationalism and the fight over the South China Sea is being dangerously disaggregated from governments to citizens, but it has also shown that one of Southeast Asia's brightest tech hopes has a terribly large chink in its armor.


The U.S. should adopt a policy of first do no harm. Stay out of the conflict. Don't add to the tragedy. Accept refugees fleeing for their lives. Provide humanitarian aid to those within reach. That would be an agenda of which Americans could be proud.


If the aim of the coup plotters was to derail Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdo\u011fan's march toward autocratic rule and restore the country firmly on the secular path envisioned by its modern founder, Mustafa Kemal Atat\u00fcrk, their failure achieved the opposite result. The last gasp of Atat\u00fcrk has breathed new life into Erdogan's troubled and troubling tenure. (continued)
Experience suggests that \neutering\ Pyongyang is beyond the power of the U.S. president, at least at a cost Americans are willing to bear. The U.S. should try a different approach. Washington should withdraw from the Korean vortex. Then the Democratic People's Republic of Korea would be primarily a problem for its neighbors, who have the most at stake.

PERTH, Australia -- Vietnam's reaction to the South China Sea ruling is surprisingly muted for a country that has so much at stake.




To truly understand the meaning of America, ask someone who wasn't born here. In my case, that's easy.




While the rescue plan establishes the foundation for debt reduction and a smaller deficit, it is not enough to ensure an end to the crisis. Ultimately, that will take a revival of Puerto Rico's economy, something that the House bill does little to accomplish.
\Present at the Creation\ is the title Dean Acheson, the famed American secretary of state from 1949-1953, gave to his memoir, which recounts the vision and construction of the post-World War II institutions of global order. In that same era, French diplomat Robert Schuman, considered \the father of Europe,\ planted the seeds of European integration that have grown for the last several decades into a club of 28 countries with a population of 500 million. Brexit marks an historic turn of the tide. Today, we are present at the unraveling of those grand institutions that have outlived their capacity to deliver and lost the allegiance of their publics. (continued)
ISTANBUL -- Many a curious tourist had wandered in this city in the last millennia, and I wondered how it would be like for me to wander along the city's new outreaches. Those plans disappeared by 10:00 p.m, when like Istanbul locals and tourists, I was reminded that Istanbul was now a city ruled by terror.

On May 26, 2016, sixty-nine civil society organizations (CSOs) from twenty-six countries urged the World Bank to maintain transparency throughout the ongoing review of its environmental and social protection policies, or safeguards.



It is de rigueur among tolerant liberals who don't want to divide society further in our unsettling times to dismiss Samuel Huntington's thesis of a \clash of civilizations.\ But Huntington was right -- though perhaps in a way he didn't grasp. (continued)



Entering the sixth year of the Syrian conflict, we've become all-too-familiar with the overtures of international NGOs and governments for humanitarian assistance to mitigate the refugee crisis.
Each year on June 20th the United Nations invites organizations and people from around the world to celebrate World Refugee Day. This is an event that \honors the courage, strength and determination of women, men and children who are forced to flee their homeland under threat of persecution, conflict and violence.\

The U.S. and one of its principal allies, OAS (Organization of American States) Secretary General Lu\u00eds Almagro, suffered an unambiguous defeat this week at the OAS, when Almagro's attempt to use the hemispheric organization against Venezuela was rejected unanimously by the hemisphere.
Over and over we hear from the sidelines of marches in which fires, tear gas and warning shots have replaced the chants and slogans of the workers of yesteryear, Martinez's defiant words about \police brutality,\ about \employers' violence,\ and about his own intent to alter, unassisted, and like one of the greats, the \balance of power\ between the CGT and a treacherous left that supposedly has turned betrayal into a tool of government and of survival.
The global health community simply cannot afford to ignore the HIV epidemic in Western and Central Africa (WCA), where five million, or a third, of the 15 million people who should be started on antiretrovirals in the next four years currently live.

When the Indonesian government threatened to remove democratic local elections, 118,000 citizens signed a petition to preserve their right to vote.



At the onset of World War I, there were a series of naval battles throughout the world's oceans that saw the Royal Navy largely destroy the German Navy's surface combatants outside of the Baltic Sea.
Harrowing accounts from residents, who in recent days managed to escape from the Iraqi city of Falluja, which is under control of the armed group calling itself Islamic State (IS), paint a frightening picture of starving civilians living under shelling and in constant fear.
There are lots of ways to get a university degree in the former Soviet Union without working for it.

This week, Barack Obama became the first sitting U.S. president to visit Hiroshima, incinerated and vaporized by American nuclear bombs 71 years ago. For the U.S., as with Japan's own wartime atrocities that still deeply rankle the emotions of its Asian neighbors, the profound apology that matters is not about the past but the future. It is about taking convincing actions today that ensure what happened in the past never happens again. That future-oriented apology remains lacking all around. (continued)
On Monday, two Americans who have been held in an Emirati jail for almost two years will find out in court whether they will be sentenced to up to 15 years in prison. Successful businessmen Kamal Ahmed Eldarat, age 58, and his son Mohamed, who is 33, were tortured into making false confessions and given a sham trial.

The challenge of our time is to shift from spending money on mitigating conflicts to spending money on preventing conflicts. This will demand new, innovative thinking, and it will require a significant investment in building the capacities and infrastructures of vulnerable regions.


This is not just about Bosnia but rather the reactionary appeal of nationalism, populism and manifestations of walls, physical and psychological.
Nations such as South Korea, Indonesia, Singapore, the Philippines, Malaysia, Australia, New Zealand, Vietnam and others all keep a close eye on China, but they also know that they individually and especially collectively possess enough economic and political vitality to offset some of China's regional dominance.
It's good that NATO and Russia met. Dialogue should continue, with the EU and U.S. prepared to negotiate a deal normalizing relations.However, the allies won't know without trying. And everyone would benefit from ending the current impasse. Especially the Ukrainian people.
On May 7, Ayman al-Zawahiri, the head of al-Qaeda, released an audio recording in which he announced that he had given his permission for the al-Qaeda affiliated Syrian jihadist group, al-Nusra Front, to create \a new emirate\ in Syria.

YEREVAN, Armenia -- A lot of leaders in the West are appalled that Donald Trump, whom they see as a demagogue, bully and know-nothing, has a shot at becoming president of the United States. Many countries in the former Soviet Union are pulling for the presumptive Republican candidate, however.
In one of the most contentious elections in Tanzania's post-colonial history, John Pombe Magufuli was elected as the nation's fifth president in October 2015.
Islam Muhammad Botanee is a self-taught painter. His images are haunting, often dark and painful.
The past year has not been good to Osama Bin Laden's brothers, owners of the Saudi Binladen Group, one of the kingdom's leading construction conglomerates.
The Middle East has turned hostile to Christians and other religious minorities. The Iraqi Christian community has been devastated. Syria's civil war loosed the murderous Islamic State on Christians and others. Libya's disintegration opened the nation to IS fighters bent on killing anyone of the wrong faith.

United States' piecemeal counterterrorism strategy is failing because it prioritizes surveillance and killing individual terrorists over addressing the fundamental social and economic issues that empower and sustain terrorist groups.
We have built up such incredible trust relations in the last 70 years. We are convinced that the US will continue to play a leading role in the world and remain a good partner to us in the coming years.



On April 4, HuffPost launched #TalkToMe, a major new video series meant to spark meaningful conversations between parents and children. So my son Lucas is the second of his siblings to talk to me. Hope you enjoy it as we did.
On April 4, HuffPost launched #TalkToMe, a major new video series meant to spark meaningful conversations between parents and children. So my son Otavio  is the third of his siblings to talk to me. Hope you enjoy it as we did.



The new Central Committee of the Cuban Communist Party reflects the priorities and style of its First Secretary. The party itself maintains the leading role, but the committee has a more technocratic tilt, positioning it for the complex economic tasks ahead.
It's possible not much will happen Monday, that predicted demonstrations will be tiny or quashed, but President Sisi's government is obviously rattled and nervous that reaction against his handing over of two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia will ignite widespread disruption across the country.

Finding a job in a country as poor as Armenia can be daunting under the best of circumstances. It's even more difficult if you're gay.
No matter how he adjusts his views after leaving office, Obama will never save his legacy in the Middle East and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict if he does not recognize a Palestinian state while he still has the power to do so.




German Chancellor Angela Merkel should step down. Once Europe's only forthright and decisive leader, she has become a groveling embarrassment and a danger by caving into Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan by letting a possible prosecution of a German comic go ahead in German courts.
Women's-rights groups have been campaigning for a decade for a domestic-violence law in Armenia. So far all their efforts have failed. Depending on the session of parliament, lawmakers have either refused to take up the legislation or voted it down. This year, Armenia may finally see a law that protects women from partner violence.
During World War I, the Allies engaged Ottoman forces on three principal fronts
The Justice Department and federal prosecutors have portrayed that individuals linked to the Iranian government have attacked U.S. infrastructure, including a small dam 20 miles north of New York.
PRAGUE -- So we are on a date. On a grassy hilltop behind Prague's historic castle. And this little girl comes frolicking in our direction, sees me, stops dead and starts running back screaming for her parents who are somewhere in the distance. Only she doesn't quite make it back unscathed
From the US government's perspective, the rules of the nation-state systems and existing international norms suggest that if the US does a favor for a country (in this case, the Islamic Republic), Tehran will absolutely reciprocate.
After years of considering Saudi Arabia as a major ally and economic benefactor, Pakistan may be on the verge of losing its erstwhile patron to archrival India. Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived in Riyadh last week for an official visit full of diplomatic significance.
This week we begin a two part series on a post-ISIS Middle East. In Part I we look at \The Middle East after ISIS.\ Next week, in Part II, we examine whether a post-ISIS Middle East can be stabilized and what role, if any, the U.S. and its allies can play.
A weighty question loomed large for world leaders who gathered in Washington this week for the fourth Nuclear Security Summit

Even if the Islamic state is removed from most towns and cities -- such as Mosul in Iraq and its capital of Raqqa in Syria -- the group likely will then fight strictly as a guerrilla force, requiring years to completely eradicate.
The concept of \health as a bridge for peace\ may be resonating in this county, which has seen the scourge of internecine conflicts and cross border attacks.

This week we witnessed a world coming together and a world falling apart, a world between engagement and terror. For the first time in nearly 90 years, an American president visited Cuba, turning upside down the anti-Yanqui narrative that has been the raison d'\u00eatre of one of the Western Hemisphere's most longest-lasting dictatorships. In Brussels, it appears that some children of Muslim immigrants expressed their explosive alienation in terror attacks in the very city many of them grew up, which also happens to be the capital of Europe. (continued)
One of the tragedies of living in a country that is both a dictatorship and a hotbed of corruption is that many people never get a chance to realize their potential, even with top educations and skills.
The marvel others are expecting from Obama is connectivity, as if in Air Force One, the United States president will have brought the fiber optic cable that will lift the island from the precarious state of its internet access.
Obama's critics have argued that the trip is coming too early in the normalization process, that not enough has been achieved to justify a presidential visit. But for Obama's purposes, the trip is well timed. By going now, he gives his administration ten months to work on turning the momentum of the presidential visit into concrete agreements.
Vladimir Putin's lock on Russia's leadership since 2000 has given the Russian Orthodox Church an even more commanding position in the country's religious picture. Putin has publicly called the church, which he attends, a vital part of Russian life and tradition.

Russian President Vladimir Putin's surprise announcement this week of a withdrawal of some forces from Syria has put an end to the narrative that Russia was bound to be trapped in a Mideast quagmire. Whether in Ukraine or in Syria, it has become clear that Russia's actions are as much about its role in the world order as about those countries. (continued)
The Obama administration is considering a campaign of air strikes to hit IS in Libya. That is a tactical response, not a strategy. So too is the notion that the United States and its allies can kill IS fighters faster than the organization can recruit new ones.
The far right Alternative for Germany (AfD) is the big winner of the elections. But that is the only really clear lesson so far. Why the AfD has won and, more directly related, at whose expense, will remain unclear until more detailed individual-level voter studies become available.
When Justin Trudeau's sophisticated and cosmopolitan father Pierre was prime minister in the 1970s and early 1980s, Canada's brand became synonymous with an open, liberal and sane society that got the balance right. During the Cold War and amid the conflicts in the developing world those days, its red and white maple leaf flag was the welcome symbol of an activist, peace-making foreign policy. However small its political clout compared to the colossus to its south, Canada enjoyed an outsized influence globally as the exemplar of the values of a civilized state. (continued)



A number of authoritarian regimes around the world are heavily dependent on oil revenues and institutional corruption to remain in power.

The stunning setback of the hardliners in the elections is precisely why they opposed the Iran nuclear deal. They knew that if successful, the Rouhani faction would benefit electorally from the significant achievement of resolving the nuclear issue and reducing tensions with United States.
The North Korean government ensured an interesting start to 2016
What exactly, if anything, is the Obama administration planning in regard to the continuation of the Guantanamo Naval Base in Cuba? We will certainly know by the end of the year.

An effective counter-threat finance strategy includes not only cutting off funding to terrorist organizations, but also understanding the financial architecture, relationships, and expenditures terrorist entities use to achieve their goals.


At this stage in the American election season it is far from clear, despite early wins and losses, who the presidential nominees will be. As Julian Baggini writes, what is certain is that America, like much of Europe, is experiencing a mutiny against the status quo. The populist revolt against political and economic elites is spreading across borders everywhere except -- so far -- East Asia, where the prospects of the average person have risen instead of fallen over the past decade. (continued)
Syrians are waiting. Everywhere. Waiting for the next airstrike. Waiting to cross another border. Waiting for a smuggler to call back to to say if there is room on the rubber dinghy, or worse, if they will have to sail it. Waiting to be rescued in the middle of the sea. Waiting to die ... of starvation.

Russia is not hiding its goals in its Syrian war, and is not ambiguous about its alliance with Iran, Iranian-backed militias and the regime of Bashar al-Assad. Moscow decided from the outset that the war in Syria is a Russian war on \Islamic terrorism,\ and will not stop until it declares victory.
At the beginning of January 1916, General Sir John Nixon dispatched a relief force under Lieutenant-General Sir Fenton Aylmer to relieve the British force under General Charles Townshend besieged at Kut Al Amara.
Many seem to fear the rise of China as a challenge to the West. Not Pope Francis. In a remarkable interview published this week in Asia Times, he takes the long view, transcending contemporary geopolitics and embracing the return of the Middle Kingdom's ancient civilization to the global stage as enriching for us all. (continued)

Communities in crisis lead to vulnerable societies. And vulnerable societies are prone to all kinds of social and economic degradation, including the rise of hopelessness, extremism and instability.

The tragic outcome of the Arab Spring doesn't get any less bitter with time. The repercussions of that pan-Arab rebellion five years ago are still traumatizing the region and the world. (continued)
COPENHAGEN, Denmark -- During the cartoon crisis of 2006, an association with European xenophobia and Islamophobia had grave consequences for Denmark's international diplomacy and its exposure to international terrorism. Now, its new migrant law threatens to do the same.
Frankly, I wasn't sure if Zarif was being serious or joking when he stressed in front of the WEF audience of global movers and shakers that his country is a firm believer in diplomacy as a means of resolving conflicts. If this is the case, then what on earth is the Iranian Quds Force (or paramilitary terrorist groups affiliated to it) doing in Iraq and Syria?
Now, Jude Celestin is once again in the race and has forced the hand of international agents by refusing to participate in what is widely regarded as another fraudulent election process.
If Iran truly was close to announcing the acquisition of nuclear weapons, then the agreement will defer the development and deployment of such weapons, assuming that Iran does not cheat on the agreement, for at least another decade.

Even before the \Night of Shame\ on New Year's Eve in Cologne further fueled an already fervent anti-foreigner backlash, German leaders were desperately looking to Turkey to stem the flow of refugees headed to Europe from the war-torn Mideast. Now 10 German tourists have lost their lives at the foot of the Blue Mosque and the Hagia Sophia in Istanbul. They are the victims of yet another suicide bombing by the self-proclaimed Islamic State in the wake of Turkey's decision last July to allow U.S. warplanes to fly from its soil to attack militant positions in Syria. Along the old route of the Orient Express, violence and disorder are weaving an interrelated and self-reinforcing pattern of crises that will be hard to unravel. (continued)
This prisoner release personifies the persistence and wisdom of the Obama administration's diplomatic efforts. This exchange is a direct result of the nuclear deal. It simply could not have happened without dialogue between the U.S. and Iran.
The escalation of tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran is the latest episode in a 35-year old low-intensity conflict between the two regional powers. The competition took off in 1979, when the Shiite Islamic revolution triumphed in Iran.
Perhaps more than ever, it is important for the Philippine government to revisit its labor export policy, and instead focus on making sure that its own newly-earned robust growth at home is transformed into a more inclusive and egalitarian form of national development.
The Saudi-Iranian confrontation has shaken world capitals, sparking fears of further bloody proxy wars in Syria, Yemen, Iraq and Lebanon, in addition to aborting all UN-led diplomatic efforts seeking solutions to the conflicts in Syria and Yemen. However, concerns this time went beyond proxy wars, to the possible serious implications and dimensions of Iranian meddling in Saudi internal affairs, particularly in the Shiite-dominated Eastern Province of the kingdom close to Bahrain.
Put briefly, a circular economy aims to move from a traditional linear economic system of production and consumption toward a closed-loop (circular) system. A traditional linear system of production sees the extraction of a resource, such as aluminum, to create a valuable good, such as a soda can.
The strategic cooperation council established by Saudi Arabia and Turkey is one step above a bilateral alliance, and its goal goes beyond restoring balance to Sunni forces in Iraq and Syria, and thus requires an in-depth examination of Saudi-Egyptian, Turkish-Russian and Turkish-Egyptian relations.
The U.S. words of support notwithstanding, the announcement marked the latest move in Saudi Arabia's increasingly assertive and, from Washington's standpoint, independent foreign policy. It is the latest in a series of Saudi moves that underscore a significant foreign policy shift.
More U.S. military personnel have been sent to Iraq and Syria. Trainers, Special Forces, and airstrikes haven't been enough. The administration continues its slow progression to renewed ground combat. President Barack Obama's Nobel Peace Prize grows more tarnished by the day.
Classrooms were turned into bloodbaths as these evil creatures stormed from room to room gunning down children at point blank, and torching teachers and students alive in front of one another.
Prime Minister Narendra's Modi surprise visit to Lahore has revived once again the oft-desired hope that India and Pakistan will live as friends not adversaries. For that to happen, however, Pakistan's security establishment will need to stop seeing India as the existential threat.
The Millennium Challenge Corporation's (MCC) Board of Directors recently held its latest quarterly meeting. At that time, the board selected five countries as eligible to receive MCC funding for 2016
If the United States and NATO forces withdraw from Afghanistan, it is very likely that Russia will return to its traditional role as the Afghan government's principal sponsor. Already, the Kabul government has asked Moscow for additional military aid and Moscow has agreed to sell Afghanistan an unknown number of Mi-35 attack helicopters.
One cannot understate the importance of the agreement arrived at in Paris. For the first time, world leaders have faced up to the stark warnings that climate scientists have been issuing for years, instead of shrinking away with denial and delay. And while the commitments made in Paris aren't on their own enough to stabilize greenhouse gas concentrations at safe levels, they are enough to begin bending the emissions curve towards a safe climate. Paris is a beginning of a process.
If Colombo's sincere about implementing more significant reforms, it needs to stop prevaricating and either release, or bring to trial, all Tamil political prisoners.
No victory can be achieved by allying with the Shia militias and Iran's Revolutionary Guards Corps. No victory can be achieved against Sunni terrorism without Sunni Arabs.
Washington has been trying to get rid of the Venezuelan government for more than 13 years, going back to the failed military coup of 2002. There is something sinister going on here.
For too long the Burmese people could only look to the future and hope for change. Today they have a chance to enjoy the opportunities that the rest of us take for granted. Hopefully now, after decades of conflict, the future finally has arrived for Burma.
We need to separate from the Palestinians. Not for them, for us. But that separation needs to be based on strict security measures and take into account the worst case scenarios.
A very interesting narrative is taking shape in Kenya's latest \war\ against corruption. The narrative advances the storyline that
The Balkan Front was a 900-mile front that stretched from the Isonzo River valley in northeast Italy to the Romanian Black Sea coast. The front consisted of a series of largely separate campaigns.
Dear Mrs. Merkel, Germans are noticing the shift that has just begun. They notice that after this eventful decade, Germany is about to change profoundly. And they need somebody to explain this transition to them.
It is unlikely for the duel between Vladimir Putin and Recep Tayyip Erdogan to precipitate a military confrontation between Russia and Turkey or NATO of which Turkey is member.
Turkish fans twice in two months disrupted moments of silence for victims of Islamic State attacks in Ankara and Paris in a demonstration of the kind of intolerance bred by religiously-cloaked authoritarianism in countries like Turkey and Saudi Arabia.
For the Swedish foreign minister and, it appears, too many EU nations, the path of least political resistance is to focus obsessively on Israel, irrespective of what else might be going on in the world.
Afghan government sources estimate that the Afghan heroin trade generates approximately two billion dollars in turnover within Afghanistan.
Pent-up democratic aspirations were unleashed this week in Myanmar's first free election in decades, resulting in a landslide victory for Aung San Suu Kyi and her opposition party. But as Mark Famaner and Hanna Hindstrom point out, it is \democracy on a leash\ as the long-standing military rulers retain a constraining foothold through the current constitutional arrangement. It remains to be seen if Suu Kyi's elected government will be \above\ those constraints, as she has boldly asserted. Writing from Yangon, Ma Thida lays out the many issues in the political transition ahead.\n\nHarrison Akins reminds us that the \shadow\ over Myanmar's democratic turn is the continuing persecution and discrimination against the Muslim Rohingya minority. \n\nIf it stabilizes, Myanmar could have a bright future. It sits between the two fastest growing economies in the world, India and China, the second of which is revitalizing the ancient Silk Road trading route that George Yeo, Singapore's former foreign minister, sees as making Eurasia the driver of the future global economy. (continued)
One morning as I scanned the news--horror in the Middle East, Russia and America facing off in the Ukraine, I thought of Edward Snowden and wondered how he was holding up in Moscow. I began to imagine a conversation with him and a few others.
The 2014 parliamentary elections in India that brought the Narendra Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) back to power, after ten years in the wilderness, reflected the desire of a young Indian electorate that wanted robust foreign policy (and economic reform).
BEIJING -- The title of Barack Obama's pre-presidential biography is \The Audacity of Hope.\ Chinese President Xi Jinping has written his own document released this week -- The Communist Party's 13th five-year plan -- that might be titled \The Audacity of the Chinese Dream.\\n\nThis blueprint for China's future signals the most momentous shift in direction since the death of Mao and Deng Xiaoping's reform and opening up in 1978. Not a leader to rest on the laurels of his country's remarkable success so far in rising to the top ranks of the global economy, Xi wants to leap over the \middle-income trap\ in which development becomes stuck in a low-wage manufacturing export economy. To do that, he needs to avoid, in his own words, the \Thucydides trap\ of conflict between China as a rising power and the U.S. as the established power so instability does not disrupt growth prospects. (continued)
As far as the Philippines is concerned, it hardly ever had real mainstream political parties that could boast large-scale membership, ideological coherence, specific policy commitments and grass roots support. Practically all presidential candidates in the Southeast Asian country can be classified as centrists, with no significant ideological differentiation.
The government claims to be working to improve Iran's human rights records, but many have observed that Rowhani's promises have not even begun to be fulfilled.
Freedom. Happiness. Gratitude. These are words that people here use over and over to describe how they feel about becoming Tanzanian citizens after more than 40 years as refugees from Burundi.
There is a fundamental disconnect between the substance and the symbolism of President Obama's foreign policy. This is not a case of saying one thing and doing another. In the case of the Obama administration it is a case of saying one thing but delivering it in a style and with imagery that belies its authenticity.
The local Tango community has organized to provide emergency shelters for those in need. This is a particularly colorful example of how residents of the German capital have taken it upon themselves to welcome the tens of thousands arriving into the city.
The Battle of Loos was the largest, most extensive British engagement on the Western Front in 1915. It was the first time that units of \Kitchener's New Army,\ were deployed in battle.
In all the years of Israel's existence with Palestinians nothing has prepared Israelis for this latest outburst of lone \kid wolf\ Palestinian terror. Decades of shootings, missile strikes, bombings, kidnappings, and stonings, give way to the latest Palestinian weapon of terror, the kitchen knife.
Once the combined targets are met, the four pillars which comprise Sheikh Mohammad's plan can form a long-term regional remedy and a road-map to pan-Arab prosperity, and not just serve as a pacifier to help overcome current woes.

Much to the chagrin of NATO, Gulf countries and others, Russia this week ramped up its military campaign in Syria, in what has become a war with global implications.\n\nSome say it is now a proxy war between former Cold War foes because Russian airstrikes have reportedly hit some U.S.-backed rebels. But U.S. President Barack Obama ruled out a proxy war and is reportedly scaling back his arming of rebels, possibly in an effort to \deconflict\ with Russia.\n\nHas Russian President Vladimir Putin succeeded in his oft-stated goal of reasserting Russia as a great global power by filling a geopolitical vacuum in Syria? It may appear so in the short term, but Syria could end up being his quagmire as Afghanistan was for the Soviet Union. (continued)
While the U.S. and Japan have no aggressive designs on China, Beijing understandably looks uneasily at the alliance of its old enemy with the globe's dominant power. Thus, China is developing a military capable of confronting American as well as Japanese military action, no easy task.
Putin may be a child of the KGB but he is also a son of mother Russia and he has an uncanny knack for knowing what characteristics Russians want to see in their leaders.
An airstrike on a Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan has left at least 19 people dead. Once we discover exactly what happened, will there be genuine accountability for Kunduz?
Information warfare requires an infrastructure of broadcasting, social media, and other communication assets that can direct messages to the same audiences the Russians target, but do so more effectively.
The brutal assassination of Luna by his fellow revolutionaries, who saw arrogance more than merit, serves as a cautionary tale, a reminder of how the Philippines' greatest enemy was (and is) internal divisions and narrow loyalties, which have stunted its nation-building quest to this date.
The 70th anniversary of the UN will not end with a resolution of the crises of the Middle East. Attitudes are diverging between local, regional, and international players, and hopes for breakthroughs in Gulf-Iranian or US-Russian meetings - and European initiatives - are fading.
Despite having not taken part in the Syrian crisis, Japan is today being questioned for not taking in any refugees from the war-torn nation.
When you land on the Greek islands, the last thing you expect is to be surrounded by thousands of people living in cardboard boxes and tents. However, that's just what I saw when I landed in Lesvos, Greece - a small island of 85,000 that has almost 20,000 refugees, now living on the streets, \stuck\ on its island.
\Forty years of crisscrossing the planet has led me to suspect that the world isn't growing smaller,\ the inveterate traveler and literary journalist Pico Iyer laments. \If anything, the differences, the distances between us, are growing greater than they've ever been. In the Age of Information, many of us know less about other perspectives and other cultures than ever before.\\n\nThis week, the Berggruen Institute announced the launch of a philosophy and culture center that responds to this rift by connecting minds across borders through an exchange of scholars from East and West that will be hosted at prestigious universities from Cambridge and Harvard to Stanford and Tsinghua in Beijing. In order to promote foundational concepts for the future, the center will co-sponsor an ideas contest with the Aspen Institute as well as establish an annual $1 million Nobel-like prize for philosophy. (continued)
None of the leading candidates seem to encapsulate the aspirations of the Philippines' upwardly mobile citizens, who are desperate to revive the Southeast Asian nation's fortunes.
The sobering truth of the matter is that Canada's refugee policy is not generous at all, neither compared to other countries today, nor compared to that most famous refugee destination historically, the Canada of the 60s, 70s, 80s, and 90s.

The reactions that go something like \you don't solve the immigration problem that way\ are variations on a refusal to do a little because there's so much more that needs be done. Sometimes they're in bad faith, sometimes not


The youthful civil movement's call for international intervention is aimed at putting international pressure on regional countries influential in Lebanon to reach accords on many levels, starting with the waste and electricity issues, and not ending with the presidential election.
It's impossible to know how these \proto-Islamic polities\ will evolve. Unlike the American experience with immigration, however, it is unlikely that they will become socialized into a larger \melting pot\ of a national culture.
A series of recent mass protests in several Arab countries have called into question suggestions that civil wars, brutal crackdowns and military coups and interventions have quelled popular willingness to stand up for rights in the Middle East.
The undertow of China's slackening economy and the mounting tide of refugees pushing through border after border in Europe put the world on edge this week. After spiraling down, volatile stock markets rallied back, for now. . .\n\nWriting from Beijing, Fred Hu argues that what we are witnessing is China's shift toward the \new normal\ of a slower growth paradigm focused on domestic consumption instead of investment and export-led growth. He expresses confidence that his country will weather the storm, writing, \it is a loser's game to bet against China's leaders.\ Nobel laureate Michael Spence locates the culprit of market volatility in the flood of funds unleashed by low interest rates looking for higher returns, which has led to the gap between a financial bubble and the real economy now undergoing a correction. (continued)
The picture in the Middle East these days is not good. The hybrid terrorist-army known as ISIS has conquered an area in Syria and Iraq that is larger than Britain and have taken the eight million people suffering in their proto-state/\Caliphate\ back to the Middle Ages.
The history of Tal Abyad is a metaphor of the Syrian civil war and of the ambivalence in the larger motives of the various actors engaged in the ongoing struggle to expel Islamic State (IS) jihadists from the region.
Today at the Festival of Politics in the Scottish Parliament we'll be discussing alternative perspectives on the rise of China as a global superpower.
The Iran deal is perhaps the most consequential foreign policy issue in a generation. Yet the debate over it has too often fallen short of what's needed.
Small countries often have no choice but to align themselves with larger economic entities, as for instance the Baltic countries have done inside the European Union. But Poland is not a small country. It is the sixth largest EU country by population, and the largest country in East-Central Europe (twice the size of its nearest competitor, Romania).
Who exactly was Captain Zacharias, beyond being fluent in Japanese and giving himself the title of official spokesman of the U.S. Government? I went to the state of Pennsylvania to visit his son and find some answers.
In the aftermath of the global financial crisis, central banks around the world have become the largest, most powerful, and exceedingly profitable financial institutions. And they can't wait to get out of this predicament.
Julia Child, who would have celebrated her 100th birthday on August 15, 2012, was a pioneer in bringing French cuisine to Americans at a time when most people were content with white bread and TV dinners.
There have been interesting developments this week in U.S.-Russian relations with the Gulf states, Egypt, and Turkey -- and also interesting developments in the political discourse of both Iran and the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC).
The August Offensive in Gallipoli during the summer of 1915, also known as the Battle of Sari Bair, was the last attempt by the British to break the stalemate in Gallipoli and seize control of the peninsula in preparation for a final push to Constantinople.
When it comes to Iran's economic landscape after the nuclear deal, major questions to address are

President Sisi should know that the world will be watching the court's verdict on Aug. 29, and his government's response to it. Media freedom in the region is at stake. And, as the Council of Europe has put it, \it will be the commitment shown to free speech which determines whether or not Egypt grows -- or shrinks [--] in the eyes of the world.\
Hardly was the ink dry after the agreement July 17 between Greece and its creditors before columnists, commentators, economists and politicians jumped to far reaching conclusions
Seventy years after the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, the world can not remain in this legal no man's land, between threat of mass destruction and balance of terror. Accepting the status quo means admitting the scenario of a backward and, thereby, that an atomic bombing could again occur.
The Philippines' politics has become more dynamic, less predictable, and therefore more interesting as we get closer to the fateful 2016 elections.
On Tisha B'Av, Sunday, June 26, the former residents of Gush Katif are remembering -- in addition to the destruction of the Jewish Temples in Jerusalem -- the homes they were forced to leave behind 10 years ago in the southwestern edge of the Gaza Strip.
In 1867, then Prime Minister of Prussia Otto von Bismarck (who, with parallels today, maintained German hegemony over Europe) famously said that politics is the art of the possible. If you don't have to deal with a political opponent, you can dream up the perfect policy. But when you have an opponent, you have to set aside the dream and consider the political possibilities. This week, from Iran to Greece to Cuba, the world both celebrated and protested the politically possible. (continued)
To date attacks against tourists have occurred along the North African side of the Mediterranean. The fear is that such attacks may spillover to the European side of the Mediterranean as well. Tunisia's response notwithstanding, most Mediterranean tourist venues have minimal security.

The weakening of a country in this specific area and under these specific circumstances would constitute not just a failure but a choice with grave strategic consequences.
Ervis Gega was 16 years old in summer 1990 when hundreds of frustrated Albanians, craving to rejoin the world, began storming foreign embassies in their capital. Gega and her relatives watched the news on Italian television from their hometown and quickly made up their minds.

President Obama is pursuing a deal out of principle. It is that ambition that has driven the President's formulation and consistent pursuit of each of the four elements of the Prague Agenda. Of course, as the President himself has repeatedly emphasized, the deal must be a good one.



Let's face it, no private investor in his right mind -- even one loaded with money -- would lend any to Greece.  Not only is Greece in economic and financial shambles, but also Greece just proved it by defaulting on loans.

If, and only if, the U.S. can pivot from a completed deal to a broader regional peace will it be possible to judge the outcome a success. Otherwise it's \off to the races\, since a deal without a determined follow-up program may be just a bad as (and maybe worse than) no deal at all.
Our family dynamics can give insight into the dilemmas the various constituents face within the European situation as pertaining to Greece.
Which Iran will be born in the wake of the prospective nuclear deal that might be concluded -- unless it fails at the 11th hour?

If you would have expected that, after Sunday's clear vote in favor of the \NO,\ the two rallies should actually become one, you probably don't know us that well.

The Chinese dragon is a creature associated with water. Unlike its Western fire-breathing cousin, it is a benevolent creature whose flight through the clouds brings life-giving water to farmers each spring.

Countless young men and women of Haitian descent in the Dominican Republic have been the driving force behind the domestic and international outrage at the denationalization policies of their country.
There's a new film out on Dean Kamen's latest and greatest invention, \Slingshot.\ That's the name of both the fascinating documentary by Paul Lazarus and Kamen's latest, life-altering brainstorm.
Saudi Arabia is a classic rentier state. In exchange for the absolute acquiescence of its 29 million subjects, the ruling al-Saud family provides services such as housing, health care, education, and a variety of subsidies -- all funded by the country's substantial oil wealth.
To those in Gaza, the ships to Gaza whether in flotillas or one ship at a time, are a visible sign of the concern of citizens around the world for their welfare.
Greece is a deadbeat nation, Puerto Rico is a party that lives beyond its means, but last year war-torn Ukraine made more interest payments to its lenders than it spent trying to defend itself against Russia.
The reason that we cling to Europe, the EU and the Euro despite all our suffering and however much we attribute to their poor handling of our present predicament, is that with all the disillusionment we have in the capacity of our own governments and our institutions, imperfect Europe remains our beacon of hope.

As the world powers negotiate with Iran, they should constantly remind themselves that the Iranian government has not come to the negotiating table to discuss the terms of its surrender. Likewise, Iranian negotiators must realize that Iran's nuclear program is seen at a threat by major powers.

The referendum, before being conducted, unfortunately released the darkest aspects and features of Greek political socialization. It reinstated divisive reasoning in the public sphere, divided society into two camps with no diffusion and without any room for common ground.
As in 1940, despite the hard road mandated by their decision, the Greek people have placed national honor and dignity on a higher plane than the only other alternative on offer

Embattled FIFA president Sepp Blatter unwittingly put his finger on two fundamental issues that underlie a corruption scandal that has rocked world soccer governance, the worst crisis in the sport's history.


Greek voters should not give up on their demand for less austerity. But they should also condemn the failed strategies of this government, safeguard their position in Europe, and invest in the future.
The outcome of this Greek drama is not up to the Greeks anymore. It now depends on how European leaders will react. Whether they will view the referendum result as an opportunity for a big deal or a chance to rid themselves of the Greek issue, putting all the blame on the Greeks, remains to be seen.



Criticism this week by soccer player Ahmed al-Merghani of general-turned-president Abdel Fattah Al Sisi's hard-handed repression of dissent and failure to defeat a mushrooming insurgency in the Sinai peninsula signals mounting discontent in Egypt.




With the clock ticking until Greece's critical Sunday referendum, 28-year-old Barbara Georganta found herself in Syntagma Square on Friday afternoon, shouting at a man telling passers-by to vote in favor of creditors' demands.

The decision to hold a referendum on the creditors' proposal is the final act in a drama that started five months ago, when the new Greek government initiated a new round of negotiations with the country's creditors.


Some territorial claims are easy. Often, however, history disdains simplicity. In this case, there is a complex mix of control, historical practice, international law and treaty. In the view of most observers, Beijing's claims are extravagant. Yet, they are not unprecedented.


Plans based on common sense of purpose and partnership in problem solving are the basis for delivering the much needed change. There are many areas which should be subject to deep structural reform. The willingness has to be there from both sides.
Ancient Greece was not only the birthplace of democracy, but also a deathbed of reason when a jury of 500 citizens condemned Socrates to die by hemlock poisoning for his impious attitude toward the order of the day. Defiant to the end, the philosopher voluntarily drank the poison himself in a suicidal display of dignity.\n\nThis weekend, Greek voters will decide in a referendum whether they will be force-fed more painful austerity, imposed by the jury of other European democracies, or, like Socrates, administer their own poison in a \no\ vote that will likely push Greece out of the eurozone. Tragedy, too, such as we are witnessing today, had its origins in early Greek drama.\n\nNobel Laureate Joe Stiglitz and Martin Guzman argue that Greece will be better off administering the poison by its own hand. As they point out by examining the Argentine default in 2001, there is \life after debt and default.\ Manolis Glezos, the elderly firebrand of Syriza, writes from Athens that, in a democracy, \the people are the measure\ of their fate. (continued)
Turkish soccer player Alpaslan Ozturk's decision to risk fame and wealth by expressing support for the embattled Turkic Uighur minority in Xinjiang reflects pressures in China's ties to Turkey, its most complex relationship in the Muslim world and a key node on the Silk Road that Beijing hopes to revive.
The 47-member UN Human Rights Council in Geneva just voted to assail Israel because of the Hamas-triggered war in the summer of 2014. That's right, assail Israel, not Hamas.
That whatever has happened (in the name of decency and self-determination, supposedly) during the past few days, the end of negotiations, the closing of the banks, the sudden fall in our economy, place us defenseless in the hands of our creditors.
The reopening of embassies in Washington and Havana is symbolic of the change in U.S. policy that President Obama announced on December 17 of last year -- replacing the policy hostility and subversion dating back to the break in diplomatic relations 54 years ago with a new a policy of engagement and cooperation.

Many people want to know more about Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders' foreign policy agenda. Yes, they say, we like what Sanders is saying about reducing extreme inequality, about reducing the political power of the billionaire class. But what about U.S. foreign policy?
Currently, there are two key opportunities led by the United Nations worth supporting because there are no alternatives, both in Libya and Yemen. The situation in these two countries, as well as in Syria, is heart wrenching, which requires urgent actions.
Understanding the consequences of leaving the Euro has to be analyzed in two separate parts
Let us remind ourselves that we are not David and the Eurogroup is not Goliath. We are both in this together and in order to face the insurmountable challenges ahead -- we ought to work together with our creditors with respect, humility and camaraderie.
BRUSSELS  -- The feeling of belonging to Europe might make the difference. It might lead a majority of Greeks to accept another austerity program, and prevent Greece from repeating Argentina's tragedy.
Another incontrovertible fact is that American President Barack Obama has Luo blood flowing in his veins. This fact is as much a thorn on the sides of those who hold onto tribal allegiance as it is a source of pride for those who've felt shut out of the spoils of Kenya's independence i.e. \matunda ya uhuru.\
If all people of Filipino descent were honest with ourselves, it would be safe to say that we live for contradictions. While Filipinos enjoy their hard fought independence, we also willingly submit to oppressive powers.
The June 30 deadline for the nuclear negotiations between Iran and the P5+1 group -- the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council plus Germany -- to reach a comprehensive agreement has once again been extended. Both the supporters and opponents of the agreement in Iran and the United States have intensified their efforts. But a speech on June 23 by Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has attracted wide international attention.
Sri Lankan President Maithripala Sirisena recently dissolved parliament. The election will be held on August 17; a new parliament will gather on September 1. Yet what happens next is still far from clear.
In the end we see that climate change is our largest global environmental threat for the present and future. And air quality poses an unacceptable global health risk.
In the Golan Heights, an Isreali hospital 30 kilometers from the Syrian border treats wounded Syrians from the bloody civil war happening there. Some of them children.
Early twentieth century Tunisian poet Abu al-Qasem al-Shabbi's magnum opus poem \the Will of Life\ is a passionate call to his countrymen to embrace life in their fight against French colonialism and oppression.
Economies are computers, and the capacity of an economy to generate income is a side effect of that economy's computational capacity. This helps explain international differences in income, as it implies that economies that embody vast computational capacities, such as the economies of South Korea, Taiwan or Silicon Valley, should be richer than those that struggle to compute, like the economies of many Latin American and Sub-Saharan countries.
Many questions concerning the Israeli-Palestinian conflict are being asked in Israel these days. One of the most popular of the questions is related to a decision made by me, an elected Arab member of the Israeli Knesset, to participate in a \controversial\ flotilla to Gaza.

How much terrorism can the world take in 24 hours? June 26, 2015 will certainly go down in history as a day that pushed the limit. Perhaps one positive thought remains. It is said that the night is darkest just before the dawn -- I don't think our night can get any darker.
Iranian officials have on numerous occasions insisted that sanctions relief must come immediately upon the signing of an agreement. This has been at direct odds with the position of the U.S. government and its allies, who insist that relief only can come after Iran has taken numerous steps limiting its nuclear activities.





Ace fighter pilots were portrayed in the popular press as the 20th century equivalent of medieval knights. Their exploits may also be the origins of the concept of the \super hero\. That term, which first became prominent in 1917, would go on to spawn a broad category of popular literature.
The #FreedomFlotilla III sailing to challenge the Gaza blockade is providing an excellent opportunity to expose the true face of anti-democratic, pro-occupation political actors in international media.
After years of negotiations, the Islamic Republic and the six world powers, known as the P5+1; China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom, and the United States, plus Germany, are only a few days away from the June 30 deadline to seal a final nuclear deal.

It's clear that we should not base our hopes on futile and dangerous solutions, such as returning to the drachma. Let us draw up a long-term plan for the next day, that will turn Greece into a modern, well-governed European country with a strong economy and liberated from the chronic pathologies that pester it.

Trade is not always the solution to poverty or fragile economies but it can help boost local economies, increase employment and bring people together. Like ships that get loaded and unloaded, we can look at Geneva as a global trade hub that discharges old trade policies


The Greek government has squandered all its goodwill within half a year through a combination of arrogance, belligerence, naivety and utter incompetence. It set out to restore the \dignity\ of the Greek people by \liberating\ them from the alleged stranglehold of the Troika, while in the process \transforming\ Europe into a more equal and just continent. It has achieved neither.



Recent events suggest that something unusual is going on in that normally abnormal place. Proposing talks and suggesting rewards would be the best response to an uncertain situation. Someday Pyongyang will change. Engagement is the best way to prepare for that day.
Turkey is headed in a dangerous direction, toward a corrupt, authoritarian state. The country needs an Arab Spring of sorts, but within the democratic process. An electoral revolution, not a street putsch. The use of the rule of law to end an illiberal government. The ballot box must make political power accountable.
A resolution to the nuclear crisis may lead to normalization of relations between Iran and the U.S. It is true that Iran seeks better relations with America to reduce threats to its survival, but the leadership harbors strong reservations about normal relations.


While supporters celebrated Friday's U.S. Supreme Court decision that deemed marriage between people of the same sex to be constitutionally protected nationwide, many outside the U.S. or with a global view cautioned that the struggle for LGBT rights did not end with the right to marry, or within America's borders.
A flood of desperate refugees from across the Mediterranean and the related surge of indignant fringe parties, including now from iconic, self-satisfied Denmark, are battering the discredited political establishment in Europe.\n\nWriting from London, Mark Leonard argues that the contest in Europe today is not between right and left; it is a revolt of the left behind masses against the \cosmopolitan\ and \metrosexual\ elites. Martin Schulz, the president of the European Parliament, says in an interview that what Europe needs is \pragmatic solutions, not big debates\ when resolving the Greek financial crisis. (continued)

An orderly unwinding of Greece's and Europe's debt is possible. If it could be done in the U.S., when a third of all savings and loans associations failed in the 1980s and 1990s, something similar can be done in Europe.

Today's generation are tapping into Congo's heritage and culture as a source of inspiration for transforming our country via every conceivable channel.


America, having been responsible for approving the cruel Japanese occupation of Korea for forty years, and casually allowing the division of the country in 1945, should lead the way in working towards reconciliation no matter how daunting the task.

Corruption last year cost the world more than one trillion dollars. That is a trillion dollars we can't use to get better healthcare, education, food and environment.

We cannot fall into the trap of suppressing artistic expression and preventing messages we do not like.
The obvious alternative to the catastrophe that the government is contemplating is to implement real structural reforms. This would first require a deal with the creditors to keep Greece afloat.

A large majority of the estimated 10-12 million Roma living in Europe, six million of them in the EU and the majority in Bulgaria, Czech Republic, and Romania, continue to face social-economic prejudice, exclusion from mainstream education and healthcare, intolerance, xenophobia and stigmatization.
Despite Washington's efforts to persuade its Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) allies that a comprehensive nuclear agreement with Iran would serve their long-term interests, most Gulf Arab monarchs remain far from sold.
The American students' decision to withdraw from the dialogue did not cause them to re-examine their activism, or pause their political activities on campus to reflect on what they had learned.
LONDON -- Across Europe, voters are increasingly discontent with political movements that were once part of civic life but have now become appendages of the state -- a governing class that seeks office rather than a chance to represent ideas or groups in society.
The majority of Muslims see no real contradiction between Islam and democracy. Today, the most profound struggles in the Middle East are between democratic visions, whether secularist or religious, and authoritarianism, whether secularist or religious.
Judging by media stories and think tank reports, many foreign commentators seem unable--or unwilling--to see beyond the reformist image that the Moroccan leadership seeks to project abroad.

Perhaps the most significant similarity between the Florence of yesterday and present-day Dubai is their surroundings. Just like Florence was home to the Renaissance when darkness dominated Europe, Dubai is a beacon of hope and enlightenment when we look at what is happening in neighboring Arab and Muslim countries.



Is fear of failure hindering Chinese entrepreneurship? A new initiative by the Chinese government suggests that cultural sensitivity to failure may be preventing some Chinese businessmen from launching their own companies.
The fact is, Kobani and Tikrit notwithstanding, on a worldwide basis, the United States is losing the war against Islamic State. The only thing worse than losing a war is losing it without even realizing it.
Two hundred years ago this month, on June 18, 1815, on the field of Waterloo, in what is now Belgium, a French army under the command of the former Emperor Napoleon Bonaparte was decisively defeated.
Last week, the collective valuation of China's publicly traded equity exceeded 10 trillion dollars for the first time in its history. Considering that forty odd years ago China's equity markets were moribund, the benchmark is astonishing.


It's long overdue to get real about the region -- and stop living in the world of illusions. A first step would be to drop the misleading term \Middle East Peace Process.\ That's not simply wordsmithing, but rather changing the way we think about this vital and volatile region.
One of the hot topics for the SNP these days is whether or not to demand Full Fiscal Autonomy from the UK government. If they do not ask for Full Fiscal Autonomy, if that is not the highest thing on their agenda in this post-referendum environment, then it rather calls into question the whole project of an independent Scotland -- still the SNP's long term goal.
As China establishes a new infrastructure investment bank for Asia and builds out the new Silk Road trading route westward to Turkey, the U.S. Congress is balking at trade agreements and retreating from the very global institutions that have been the pillars of the American-led order. The European project is unraveling as Greece is poised on the brink of default and an exit from the euro.\n\nNo doubt President Obama's proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership needs some fixing once on the \fast-track,\ notably concerning the weight it gives to corporate prerogatives. But something more is going on. In Europe, too, there is mounting opposition to the proposed trans-Atlantic trade pact with the U.S., as well as the rise of anti-foreigner and anti-EU parties.\n\nIs the West abandoning globalization and the post-war integration of Europe, a mutiny against what has provided its bounty? (continued)
The Afghan security forces are no longer bound to limit their night time raids and to not use heavy weapons in fighting the Taliban insurgency.

The lack of enforcement of the arrest warrants against Al-Bashir is indeed disappointing but the existence of the domestic court order is a welcome development in the context of the fight against impunity.
Eleven months ago, as the Argentine national football team marched towards the World Cup Final, the common refrain held that it was a country of 40 million football coaches. It may also be one of 40 million currency specialists.

World Refugee Day is a Jewish holiday because the Jewish story is the refugee story. But it is not just about us remembering that we were once refugees. It is about us fulfilling the solemn pledge that never again will refugees be turned over to their persecutors.



ROME -- Pope Francis' encyclical letter is a dire warning on the disastrous state of \our common home.\
The U.S. and several Southeast Asian nations have been harshly critical of China for expanding several coral reefs through dredging in the South China Sea, and building a runway on one of them, actions that the Americans fear may be used for military operations.
The International Labour Organization has dealt a blow to Qatari assertions that the Gulf state complies with global standards for workers in a report that condemned the government for allowing Qatar Airways to \violate international and national agreements and institutionalize discrimination.\
Extreme poverty has been halved in a few decades and most people have never been richer, healthier and better educated. But average global improvements are little consolations for a mother in Syria who has lost her children in bombings or people in South Sudan whose village has been burnt to the ground.
The challenges the world faces today are sometimes so big and so many that they can scare us into inaction or nudge us into looking only at our immediate surroundings or our immediate needs. We need to resist the temptation to do both.

Former Israeli ambassador Michael Oren is getting some attention for his claim in a memoir to be published next week that President Obama \abandoned Israel.\ The book is sure to be a hot debating point this summer in the American Jewish community and possibly beyond.

ATHENS -- The IMF and Greece's other creditors have assumed that massive fiscal contraction has only a temporary effect on economic activity, employment and taxes, and that slashing wages, pensions and public jobs has a magical effect on growth. This has proved false. Indeed, Greece's post-2010 adjustment led to economic disaster -- and the IMF's worst predictive failure ever.
VIENNA -- The success of the mainly Kurdish Peoples' Democratic Party in capturing 13 percent of the vote in the recent election -- a total well above the party's core constituency -- should boost the Kurds' confidence and ease the way ahead in the peace process. But the far-right Nationalist Movement Party performed strongly in the election, capturing 16 percent of the vote, probably owing largely to popular opposition to the opening to the Kurds.
For most of my life, I believed that all non-Jews hate us and want to kill us.



In an unprecedented move, Iranian leaders have welcomed American oil companies to enter Iran, upon the condition that sanctions are lifted. This move suggests that the Islamic Republic is putting its economic interests ahead of its revolutionary ideological interests.
Given the abundance of talent in Greece with not many other options to pursue, I truly believe that the startup-scene can generate star players. But we have to stay realistic.




The old advertisement proclaimed that you don't have to be Jewish to love Levy's Jewish rye bread. Well, surely, you don't have to be a pro-Israel activist to be troubled by the grotesquely unjust treatment of Israel. All it takes is a capacity for moral outrage that things like this are happening today.
Washington's determination to defend much of the globe has made the U.S. an international sucker, especially vulnerable to manipulation by supposed friends.
A three-minute video, posted by a Saudi government-backed organization to YouTube on June 4, has garnered 150,000 views in 48 hours and sparked a discussion in the kingdom about how to stem sectarian conflict.
In the Tel Aviv suburb of Zahala, about 150 students study at the ONN School for Special Education. The school is special in that most of the children who attend, have cerebral palsy and other degenerative diseases. The diverse student population includes Muslim, Christian, and Jewish children.

It was the image of swopping, diving, machine-gunning aircraft that summed up the popular perception of air warfare during World War I. For the participants, the reality wasn't quite so adventurous; it was a matter of life and death.

When fast track was defeated in the House, AIPAC was defeated in the House. I am frequently asked

Throughout the week, we discussed the problem of pernicious governmental, corporate and other top-down secrecy involved in globalization that enables large-scale wrongdoing and keeps citizens in the dark about it, making effective solutions and real democracy, and even our collective security, impossible.
Ever since 9/11, American presidents and their military advisors have repeatedly committed U.S. troops and prestige to inhospitable regions in terrain that largely neutralizes U.S. advantages in firepower and maneuverability. Despite setback after setback, American presidents and generals persist in trying to control hostile territory.



By strategically moving into the non-violent field, Palestinians are in a much stronger position to make an impact in their decades-long struggle.
Not since the Thirty Years War (1618-1648) had a Continental army battled continuously for so long a time, and soldiers of the early seventeenth century were notorious for flouting the wishes of their officers.
When I talked with Turkish photographer Attila Durak back in 2007, he was just finishing up a project documenting the country's many ethnic groups.
LONDON -- The cries of a starving or distressed child are a harrowing enough sound. The screams of a child caught up in violent conflict are an altogether different matter.


President Barack Obama has an opportunity to change the course of events in the Middle East, if he shows enough determination, boldness, and vision. This way, he could enter history as a bold leader.

At the level of opinion leaders whose views trickle through the social media, Afghans' debates on terrorism reveal a strong ethnic prejudice. Vocal non-Pashtun opinion leaders view terrorism through an ethnic lens.
The savage beheadings and disgusting treatment of women and minorities confirm in the minds of many that Islam is incompatible with Western civilization. This has become a widely known, and even unthinkingly accepted, proposition. But is it correct?
Turkey is a radically different exemplar from Egypt. It says political differences can be mediated. Political ambitions can be tempered by the popular vote, while seeing through major structural changes to society and the economy, the curtailing of the deep state, and the advancement of minority rights. In a region convulsed, and fractured, by conflict, that is a powerful message.
Demastani's September 2011 conviction, when he was tried along with 20 other medics by a military court, triggered international outrage. Although he was temporarily released while his case was appealed, the following year, a civilian court confirmed his guilty verdict and he was rearrested with other medics and put back in jail.


There is no logic in seeking a nuclear agreement with Iran while at the same time arming the very nations in the region that oppose the agreement.
The way to solve problems is through food. I believe that the whole world has to be educated. Every decision we make is a very political decision. If we change the way we eat, we will have tremendous effect.
The world is watching Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's valiant efforts to bring his underdeveloped nation into the 21st century. Without question, India has the potential to be a great power.
The old disparity between Old Economy and Green Economy must be addressed. What will the future look like once we have faced the challenges of dwindling resources?
ATHENS -- Moralistic objections to helping Greece abound, denying its people a shot at achieving their own renaissance. Greater austerity is being demanded from an economy that is on its knees, owing to the heftiest dose of austerity any country has ever had to endure in peacetime. No offer of debt relief. No plan for boosting investment. And certainly, as of yet, no \Speech of Hope\ for this fallen people.
The Obama administration entered a battle with the New York Times over an article questioning Iran's commitment in the nuclear talks. The White House and the State Department acted as Iran's advocate, reflecting the administration's obsession with leaving behind a legacy of forging a partnership with Iran.




The Dominican Republic has actually tortured its own constitution, and a host of human rights laws to persecute the poorest of its citizens. You see, in the Dominican case, the country has used anti-immigrant rhetoric against its own racial minority citizens. But they are not immigrants!

By the beginning of June 1915, the stalemate that had ensued in the Gallipoli campaign prompted  Lord Kitchener, the British Secretary of State for War, to decide to commit even more troops to Gallipoli.

Apparently incapable of resisting the temptation to meddle in the Middle East, the Obama administration remains part of Saudi Arabia's ten-member \coalition\ against Houthi rebels in Yemen. Alas, the entire campaign is built on a lie.



As story after story emerges about the potential game changing 2015 election in Turkey, one party is virtually being ignored. But it has a good chance of playing the spoiler for the ambitions of the ruling AKP and its autocratic President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan. And it's a party once led by a former Erdogan all
China wants to hand down a fait accompli to both the international court and the next American administration by achieving de facto -- if not du jour -- domination over contested features in the South China Sea.
Rubin criticizes the not-yet-finalized agreement by questioning why Iran is allowed to participate in the dispute resolution panel at all. However, it would be unthinkable to judge any trial as fair if the accused is not allowed a voice to defend themselves.



The claims that Hani Muhammad Mujahid makes cannot be verified. What he said about his time as a foot soldier for al-Qaeda in Afghanistan and Waziristan \tracks\ with what a former director of counter-terrorism for the CIA knew at the time. But no one can confirm the claim itself. But neither can they ignore it.

Recent months have witnessed a series of unrelated, nationwide protests in Iran by teachers demanding salary hikes as well as ethnic groups decrying government abuse and calling for greater rights.



Escalating tensions between the US and China, while ominous, offer a useful reminder that the artificial division of our world into separate nation-states may no longer serve us, and present a compelling reason to consider a better model.
When the reproduction of the Hermione, with its 30 canons and three huge masts, arrives in Yorktown on June 5, it will serve as a powerful and tangible reminder of the long and absolutely essential friendship France and America have enjoyed.

The State of Israel cannot and should not stay indifferent when Druze people are facing an existential threat on the other side of the border.

For the first time in decades, the number of immigrants coming to the United States from China and India outnumbers those coming from Mexico.
Women are the most vulnerable targets of the Islamic State (IS), which has enslaved and brutalized women who don't meet their jihadi standards, and even introduced female police squads to monitor and persecute their own sex.
BEIRUT -- Saudi Arabia and its allies effectively wanted to inject hydraulic fracturing fluid (radical Salafists) into eastern Syria in order to fracture the bridge between Iran and its Arab allies. But at what cost?
The meaning of practice needs to be reinterpreted. The focus on cognitive thinking and technical skills underlying this problem-program-implementation-assessment action-framework needs to give space to a skill-set capable of actually building lasting trust and reciprocal altruism between key development actors.

In taking control of Ariha, the largely Islamist Jaish al-Fateh coalition and its allied Free Syrian Army (FSA) factions have successfully imposed a near-total province-wide strategic defeat upon the Bashar al-Assad regime.











With its omnipresent surveillance, the U.S. government began aggressively targeting and prosecuting whistleblowers and other sources, putting renowned journalists and publishers worldwide directly or incidentally in their surveillance crosshairs.


For almost two centuries, the Monroe Doctrine has shaped great power interactions with Latin America. Designed to provide a framework for protecting nascent Latin American republics from European colonial interference, the Monroe Doctrine grew into a vision of United States (U.S.) leadership, if not hegemony and domination.
Finding life elsewhere would end our cosmic isolation
In a series of peculiar events that can only be contextually placed in the reality of the 21st century, football, war, and diplomacy meet and intertwine. Today, Russia and the U.S take one more step in their very own modern adaptation of the Cold War in the curious battlefield of international soccer.

On the International Day of United Nations (UN) Peacekeepers, we at Watchlist on Children and Armed Conflict (\Watchlist\) are alarmed at the recent incidences of child rights violations by UN peacekeepers and other peacekeeping forces.

Jordanians are not known to be the most cheerful among Arabs; in fact, their reputation is that they constantly frown and rarely smile.
Need marks each work of art of the Havana Biennial. Material need, where a screw used in some pedestal could end up in the door of a home, or in a chair or even in the bed where four people sleep every night. And the\u00a0other need, that of freedom, makes us approach the art to take for ourselves a piece of its rebellion, before the guard blows his whistle and we leave, empty-handed.

In environments where peacekeepers are directly targeted, where widespread violence is ongoing, or where thousands of civilians need protection from unthinkable acts of violence, peacekeeping operations must remain fit for purpose. Our missions require well-trained and skilled troops from a broad array of countries. When crises erupt, they must be ready to deploy more quickly.
I live in a country that has the highest unemployment rate in the world, the highest paycheck deductions, the most expensive gasoline... and the list goes on.
A shocking new ad campaign in Chile is telling women if they want to have an abortion, they should consider falling from the top of a staircase. That's because right now in Chile, it's illegal to end a pregnancy regardless of the circumstances.
For anyone who remembers the killing fields of Kigali and Butare, it sounds a new and intolerable knell.


Romero was a man who was at once utterly orthodox and yet utterly radical. That is the model Pope Francis seems to be setting for himself.
Mr. Joseph Urbauer is one of my few remaining WWII patients. He fought in WWII in the 14th Air Force in the pacific. 14 Air Force was established in 1943 and deployed by the United States to the Pacific Theater.
Sustainable development in the African south is inextricable from social issues. The continent's talented populations and vast youth demographic have the potential to make the continent a global powerhouse -- but not unless present-day ills are healed.
The latest meeting earlier in May of the eurozone's finance ministers in Brussels, anticipated by an increasingly frustrated audience worldwide, routinely marked five years of interminable talks getting nowhere since Friday April 13, 2010.
A scan of white papers on multiple foreign policy issues published by the Chinese government is glaring for one thing

If you wish to know what unites, at the deepest level, the fans of jihadism, new-wave Le Pen-ism, and Vladimir Putin's Eurasia project, then read, without delay, Rapha\u00ebl Glucksmann's G\u00e9n\u00e9ration gueule de bois.


\We should condemn violence because it is unjust - period. Shias do not need a stamp of religious legitimacy from Sunni Islam to demand justice and protection of life from the state. The state has an obligation to protect Shia lives because they are citizens of the state.\
Perhaps if the U.S. started exerting leadership in addressing climate change, and thus, working to lessen the chances for additional future conflict in the world, I would feel better listening to the all the messages -- especially from politicians -- honoring the dead over this holiday weekend.



Widely viewed as a shrewd financial investor, Qatar's return on investment in soft power designed to position it as a progressive ally of world powers in the hope that they will come to the aid of the wealthy Gulf state in times of emergency is proving to be abysmal.
David Cameron committed in January 2013 to hold an in/out referendum about the EU by the end of 2017 if his party won an outright majority. Maybe he was not sure he would need to deliver it. Now he is forced to. Can this be turned into an opportunity for Europe to revisit some critical issues, or will the Eurocratic immobilism prevail?

Like a clear majority of Israelis, I have long believed that the Palestinians have \a right to be a free people on their land.\ It would serve not only Palestinian interests but Israeli interests as well. But there is just one problem, and it is contained in eight words the president expressed

Kagame previously commanded the rebel forces that ended the 1994 Genocide and became President in 2000. Under his leadership, Rwanda has transformed from a broken nation into one of the safest, most productive and stable economies in Africa.
Ethnicity is a tool rather than the cause for the reappearance of discord in Burundi. As means to rationalize his grab for perpetual office, President Pierre Nkurunziza has reached into the bag of tricks of stoking fear of \the other.\ That is a zombie from the past that can rise from the dead.




In spite of declarations to pursue reform following South Sudan's secession from Sudan in 2011, the political landscape in Sudan has remained bleak, with the government of Omar al-Bashir continuing to repress the country's marginalized populations.
On the first day of 2010, I got a phone call from the Georgian Public Broadcaster (GPB), the official organizers of Eurovision's Georgian chapter. The previous year, I co-wrote the 2009 Icelandic Eurovision entry, \Is It True?,\ a runner-up that received a silver prize at the finals held in Moscow.
Soon, the Philippines will be engulfed by an election fever. And in promising emerging markets like the Philippines, electoral cycles are extremely crucial to shaping the short-to-medium term growth trajectory of the country.

The former Afghan president Hamid Karzai seems mad at his successor and ex-chief advisor, President Ashraf Ghani, for brokering a new Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the Afghan National Directorate of Security (NDS) and the Inter Services Intelligence (ISI), Pakistan's powerful intelligence agency.

Something African leaders have deftly avoided discussing in the wake of the Ebola outbreak is the impact their corrupt and incompetent governance has had on how they (mis)manage such crises.
As before, disarmament is the most divisive issue also this year. While most non-nuclear-weapon states consider nuclear disarmament a matter of urgency, the nuclear-weapon states predictably regard it as a long-term goal, or mere \vision,\ at best.
Why would a graduate from the country's best business school, which has produced a president and a prime minister for Pakistan, become a terrorist? This should not completely shock us. It should instead redirect our attention toward one aspect of the jihadist movements that the government officials, policymakers and academics do not normally talk about.
The resistance displayed by OAS leaders to U.S.-imposed sanctions during the recent OAS summit highlights the severity of the credibility gap the United States faces in its attempts to counter adverse political conditions in Venezuela.

This is a historic moment where a single vote could possibly shape the course of Turkey's bloodiest conflict and its future regime type, with repercussions beyond the country's borders. With so much hanging on the outcome, this is also a crucial test for Turkey's embattled electoral system.
AMMAN -- With the prospects for an overall peace slipping farther and farther away, it is important not to forget the human element of this decades-old tragedy, especially that of Palestinians living as deportees within their own country or as refugees around the world.





Just TRY to get through the video without crying.
The reality is that Scottish voters chose something markedly different than their English neighbors. But since more than 80 percent of UK voters live in England, the reality is that the UK will once again get the government that England votes for.

In the coming months, several African countries will be holding elections. The flurry of electoral activity marks progress towards democratic rule in a continent where, until recently, military coups were a common practice for the transfer of political power.
Some find it hard to believe that energy scarcity might be the country's greatest security threat. Yet electricity shortages have directly fed the extremist cause while undermining the legitimacy of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government, potentially more than any other factor.

The new Computer Users Union of Cuba (UIC) will enjoy the official recognition that has been lacking until now for independent groups of bloggers, gamers and programmers.
BEIJING - Nobody is empowered to act beyond the limit of the Constitution and laws. This is the true meaning of rule of law, which distinguishes it from governance by man.

Nearly six months ago, 16 women died - and scores more were hospitalized - after undergoing sterilization procedures in Chhattisgarh, India. Myriad factors contributed to this tragedy, including unsanitary conditions, potentially tainted drugs, clinic staff that was both overworked and under-qualified, and apathy from the health system as well as doctors and nurses.





In the 1980s, economist Marcin Swiecicki was at the center of the discussions over the path of economic reform in Poland. We talked about his perspective on the economic changes that took place after 1990, his accomplishments as mayor, and his view of the political situation today in Poland.


Ultras have for the past eight years been at the core of anti-government protest in Egypt. They have been the drivers of student protests in the last two years against the regime of Abdel Fattah Al Sisi, the general-turned-president who in 2013 toppled Mohammed Morsi, Egypt's first and only democratically elected president.
In the U.S., libertarians and conservatives worried about national sovereignty have joined with pro-environment, pro-labor progressives to mobilize against Fast Track, in large part because Fast Track would grease the skids to expand ISDS through trade treaties.



America has tried, and continues to try, to push President Putin and Russia out of a competitive role in world politics. But Russian counter moves can move America out of its position of world leader.
If we are to succeed in countering jihadist terrorists, we must rethink the battlefield and understand there are no foreign fighters, just combatants bent on a philosophical mission, regardless of territory.
A dispatch from Radio Dabanga of today (May 12) makes clear that the National Islamic Front/National Congress Party regime in Khartoum no longer has any intention of concealing the fact of its genocidal destruction in Darfur.
When Huda answered ISIL's knock on the door, she found men outside her home. Toting guns, they asked her why her son was in school instead of fighting alongside them. Women also came to Huda's home in Mosul, Iraq on behalf of ISIL.
Yesterday I heard that Langtang Village in the Himalays, which I had visited in 1971 on a solo trek in the mountains, had been destroyed by the recent earthquake. I wish the people of Langtang peace and comfort in this tragic moment.
This \wonderful\ Kenyan does not want you to support and enable, by your silence, leaders who are selfish and act with an impunity Kenya, the \beautiful country,\ has endured since her independence from your own Britain!
BARCELONA - For decades, political debate in Europe between conservatives and the left focused largely on economic institutions and policies.  In this bi-polar system, the parties differed on the nuances of economic policy, but broadly agreed on democratic values, the European project, and the need to adapt to and manage globalization, rather than reject it wholesale. But, with the growing success of appeals to identity and renewed ethnic or religious nationalism, that is changing. Are the ghosts of the early and mid-twentieth century returning?
The prospect of a final nuclear deal has prompted a race among several countries to benefit from the easing of UN Security Council sanctions against Iran. A competition to secure trade with Iran has already been initiated. And Russia, a long-term strategic ally of the Islamic Republic, would not desire to fall behind.
There is a growing awareness among the younger Muslim elite that they are being left behind by a rapidly developing and advancing India, and the negligence of the Indian government towards Muslims means that they must fend for themselves.
Despite more than 30 years of seclusion and censorship, the majority of Iranians seem to be curious, open-minded, and eagerly seeking connection with Americans.
The temperature was a bracing 23 degrees F with high winds, but business was as usual in  Istanbul's Grand Bazaar. Seated in an alley outside the Varol \u00c7ay Ocagi, a tea kitchen, I talked with Sefa Ulusan, one of the men who serve \u00e7ay to the merchants and their customers on the north end of the maze of shops.
NEW YORK -- The decisions we make for our streets today will lay the foundation for the future


No matter what, we need to be clear about our vision on global LGBT rights, so we can develop a better strategy and translate it into a sound, reliable and realistic policy. We should act, be relentless and impatient when there is an immediate need to protect individuals across the globe.



There are compelling reasons for updating and tightening the Action Plan, most notably the need to halt nuclear weapons modernization, adopt metrics to gauge progress, and improve cooperation between parties.
At a time when companies are investing billions of euros to develop new and improved display technologies, imposing mandatory limits on energy use will harm progress in these vital economic and consumer interests.

By overcoming the obsession with one patch of land, perhaps the leaders of the West, Ukraine, and Russia can address what appears to be a real threat to global order



Some of the most powerful critiques of the Communist governments in East-Central Europe were moral. Vaclav Havel, for instance, argued that the regimes, with their propaganda and inequalities and corruption, were built on a foundation of lies. He proposed the alternative of \living in truth.\


May Sabeen's soul rest in peace even as we hope that her network will continue to be inspired by her enlightened vision, and her indefatigable courage to right the wrongs in Pakistan.

A fundamental element of majority privilege is the blind universality that members of an ethnic, religious, racial or sexual majority often unconsciously embrace. They believe that their perspectives are held -- or should be held -- by everyone.

Either way, it underscores the fact that Islamic State does not fit into any neat pigeon holes. It may be a proto-nation or even the core of a new proto-empire. It is certainly more than just a militant jihadist movement. It is a complex, multifaceted phenomenon which is still not entirely understood and whose impact on the world is still evolving.



You'd have to be a psychopath to take pleasure in some of the losses the past 12 hours have seen. Douglas Alexander, Danny Alexander and Jim Murphy, for example, didn't lose their seats because they were bad at their job. They lost their seats because Scotland is currently in the grip of a wave of hysteria.
Back on rubble mound, 16-year-old Mako Gali is smiling. Her smile, despite the loss of her entire family, is almost too much too take and she has to comfort a reporter 25 years her senior.

For all of us over here in Europe, this seems like our weakest, loneliest moment. But it is high time for Europe to grow up, and as everybody knows, there's no better way to force someone to grow than to inflict a little suffering on them.

Amidst all the media frenzy surrounding Putin's nefarious destabilization efforts in Eastern Ukraine, other issues of vital importance have gone ignored.
As of January 2015, Internet penetration around the world has reached a 21% growth from the previous year and now totaling an astounding 42% penetration for both fixed and mobile connections.
I'm sure you want this whole episode behind you. I get that



At a time when the supply of information seems unlimited and overwhelming, journalists and journalism are being challenged like never before. It seems contradictory, but it makes a perverse kind of sense. Despots and autocrats and terrorists are threatened by the free flow of information.

Countries should encourage the development of large, legitimate trade unions that truly represent workers' interests and engage productively with employers, rather than stamping out strikes in the fear that they will drive away business.






I caught the eye of one of the men that my guide had been talking to.  I smiled, but he didn't   He just shook his head, very subtly, but it was unmistakable.  The war was not over for this Vietnamese veteran.
Europe today is witnessing a major crisis concerning its Muslim communities, one which is already beginning to reveal its troubling global implications. Bosnians have lessons for our troubled world.
If you have ever doubted that the mother of invention is necessity, then look no further than Pakistan. Pakistan has struggled to provide opportunities to its people for decades. But the country is turning the tide.
Too many are the voices that scream for the riots to stop, and too few are those who implore for the injustice to cease.


Liberia has 14 months to assume full responsibility for all facets of its security. Lessons learned during the Ebola crisis can help ensure a successful transition.
\Study history, study history,\ espoused Sir Winston Churchill. \In history lies all the secrets of statecraft.\ At the 200th anniversary of Iron Chancellor and Prussian statesman Otto von Bismarck, the hidden lessons from this remarkable statesman remain ever vital for the future of Europe.
Sami was one of the pioneers of the revolution in a time when the revolution meant hope. He participated in the demonstration that took place in the Omayyad mosque. I remember the day. I saw him near the mosque one Friday in June 2011; he smiled at me and told me he would come over later that night.
Egypt has demonstrated that it is ready to combat terrorism by taking a very assertive stance against Islamic State and by joining the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen. What does this mean for Egypt and how does it view conflict in Yemen, Iranian influence and relations with Washington?

On my recent travels through the Peruvian Amazon, I came upon the craziest caterpillar that I have ever seen, and subsequently yelled at it for hours.

When they meet next month, President Obama should look beyond UAE's fancy PR campaign and ask Sheikh Mohammed why peaceful critics are in jail, why their lawyers are intimidated from representing them and their witnesses harassed, and why the UAE thinks the best way to fight terrorism is with repression.
This pattern of fighting in Afghanistan is nothing new, but what is noteworthy is that the Afghan National Security Forces (ANSF) will this year face the enemy without the full support of the U.S. and its NATO and other coalition forces.
This tragedy should remind the educated Pakistanis that silencing people because of difference of opinion is not fiction but a reality that the people of Balochistan experience every single day.
In the coming weeks and months, it can be assumed that Israel will continue preventing weapons transfers to Hezbollah, even at the risk of a major escalation.
The problem can be solved only if the Armenian nation and the Turkish nation work together. In the 21st century, and within our communication age it's about time for these two nations to find a way to discuss this taboo. This is a mutual sorrow that needs a mutual solution.
The PRC has become masterful at playing the international system against itself, whether on issues related to maritime law or development finance, as has been skillfully demonstrated with the creation of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank.

Rachel Zacharia always knew she was Jewish. Her father, a Party official, read and wrote in Yiddish, and her parents spoke Yiddish with friends. But she didn't start thinking about her Jewish identify until 1968.
Europe wept crocodile tears over the mass grave that the Mediterranean has become. Few have shown any sign that they will treat the mass drownings as what they are



The Greater Europe project, which many politicians, experts and opinion makers from many European countries have been trying to promote since mid-1980s, now looks like a fantasy completely detached from reality. Neither Russia nor Europe can afford a new \Cold War.\



If America ends up at war, it almost certainly will be on behalf of one ally or another. Washington collects allies like most people collect Facebook \friends.\ The vast majority of U.S. allies are security liabilities, tripwires for conflict and war. Alliances should be based on interest, not charity.





Turkey opted to keep its distance from the Middle East for decades. Yet its involvements in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) changed with the hyperactive foreign policy of the Justice and Development Party (AKP) since 2002.
Military parades are an indispensable political platform for communicating power and ambition and are now amplified by the tools of mass media, which can orchestrate and glamourize rhythmic ranks of well-booted warriors and rolling chariots of gleaming steel.
I spoke with Pierpaolo Barbieri about his re-framing of the relationship between two of the world's most despised men, the intrinsic danger of absolute power, and historical memory's very long shadow.

While many around the world hoped that President Obama would acknowledge the Armenian genocide by its 100th anniversary, it will be still be a victory if global awareness increases. Formal acknowledgement should follow after the shame is shared.
Even the Mediterranean beaches which once saw Arab terrorists come ashore to kill Israelis lacked any ominous shadows. The week of the election it was still too cold for swimmers. But hundreds of surfers in wet suits rode the waves as if in a peaceful invasion from the sea.

We need to shift our thinking about well-being from a static \thing\ to a set of skills that can be learned and cultivated over time -- a notion supported by a growing body of scientific evidence I've outlined as an author of this year's World Happiness Report.
Absent a credible military threat, there is no reason to believe that Iran will come clean regarding its nuclear program if Washington surrenders its remaining leverage. Nor is it reasonable to hang one's hat on the belief that Iran will moderate its behavior if both its diplomatic and financial isolation is ended.
The Turkish government's overreaction and the Pope's refusal to apologize for his remarks made international headlines on TV networks, websites and newspapers around the world.

The push for \conflict-free\ minerals has created new challenges for mines in eastern Congo, like Mukungwe, to access formal gold markets, mainly because of unreasonably high expectations from the market that go beyond international standards.
TOKYO -- Would a world order designed by China allow for the rise of another power to challenge it in the way the U.S.-led world order allowed for -- indeed, encouraged and assisted -- China's three-decade-long boom? To answer that question, one can look to the writings of the Chinese strategist Yan Xuetong, whose book \Ancient Chinese Thought, Modern Chinese Power\ argues that all countries must recognize and accept China's centrality to the world as the Middle Kingdom.

Now, day after day, obliged to watch the heart-rending images on TV, Europeans are forced to acknowledge the catastrophe. And what has quickly become very clear is that the countries of Europe have no unified policy on immigration. Nor are they likely to come up with one in the immediate future.


Syria Chlorine Gas







Organized in the Pankow neighborhood of East Berlin in 1981, the Pankow Peace Group not only took bold positions on nuclear issues but interpreted peace more broadly to include pedagogy, economic development, and environmentalism.

This year world leaders will agree on a pathway to sustainable development and Global Citizen is taking on the challenge to make sure they are known throughout the world and acted on. We're going to hear from most knowledgeable and culturally relevant people on this subject to create a dialogue about the challenges, the solutions and what can be done in terms of national development.
Until the 1970s, drug addicts didn't exist in Poland -- at least not officially. In those days, drugs were expensive and the supply was limited, so the Polish state could hide the problem by giving a different label to the small number of addicts. But then heroin became more readily available. And addiction started to grow.
n 2009, North Korea declared that it had developed a nuclear weapon. As the country most gravely threatened is the democratic Republic of Korea to Pyongyang's south, I sat down this week with Oh Joon, the country's Permanent Representative to the United Nations, and asked for his perspective on Lausanne.

Since Earth Day, which will be marked on April 22, was first commemorated 45 years ago, we have learned a lot about the planet's ecology. Above all, we have begun to understand the biological intelligence of nature itself that, for millennia, has managed to continually regenerate and stabilize that narrow band of a livable climate that has enabled our species and others to thrive.\n\nWorking with nature, not against it, to combat climate change is the message of the Leo DiCaprio-narrated short video documentary, \Restoration,\ we publish this week. As senior Chinese diplomat Wu Jianmin writes from Beijing, we are also learning to work together as nations through geo-environmental cooperation, as exemplified by the recent U.S.-China agreement to jointly reduce carbon gases. (continued)
If you're familiar with the 2009 science fiction film, \Avatar,\ you may have enjoyed the beautifully lush extraterrestrial glowing rainforest. But the other worldly glowing rainforest that I experienced was far closer to home, in the Peruvian Amazon of Tambopata this past March.
JERUSALEM -- That the acknowledgment of the genocide by the pope and Kim Kardashian's trip to Armenia were so newsworthy and were hailed as such a great \PR disaster for Turkey\ shows that something went terribly wrong over the course of the last century.
The attacks of Al-Shabaab have been portrayed as a fight between Kenyans and Somalis. Though perhaps politically convenient, characterising Al-Shabaab as a Somali problem that can be solved through actions that target the Somali population ignores the evidence.
As a complex mosaic of diverse sects and ethnicities, Iraq's future remains bleak if there is no considerable change in the status quo. Without it, Iraq will exist only in name.



Sadly, many Ukrainians have little knowledge of their own country's colorful past and tend to promote a rather monolithic and narrow-minded view of history based solely upon the Ukrainian ethnic experience. Perhaps it would be more productive to delve into the country's rich interethnic experience so as to foster greater understanding between Ukrainians and minority populations.



I do not mean for my analysis to be a reductive one, not in the least. I am not trying to argue that ethnicity and religion are the only drivers or even the main drivers of Nigerian politics. My argument is a little bit more conservative than that.
On April 14th 2014, a ruthless militia kidnapped over 200 of Nigeria's young girls from their school in Chibok in the dead of night. A year on, the girls have yet to be released by Boko Haram, nor rescued by our security forces, leaving their families waiting and praying for answers.
The acquisition of energy has become a dominant influence in China's foreign policy orientation generally, and has been a driving force in its relationship with Myanmar in recent years.



In the red, green, and gold posters adorning college dorm rooms and the global image exported about Rastafarianism, a narrative of the horrific incidents of 52 years ago is lost.

Jihadi John is the new international Bogey-Man. He gets plenty of media coverage these days, and has become a lightning rod of moral outrage in the West. But the media narrative around this new Evil Incarnate comes with a huge price tag

SINGAPORE -- This is a rare window of opportunity for China.  If Xi had not launched the anti-corruption campaign now, it would have been impossible to do so in 10 years time. By then the vested interest groups would have become too powerful. If the economic oligarchy becomes a political one, China will become the Russia of yesterday.




Doing business entails certain risks. You make a big investment of money and time, and you hope that your gamble pays off. Maybe people will come to your restaurant. Maybe they will buy your product. Maybe they will contract for your services. But you can't be sure. You've taken out loans on the expectation that if you build it, they will come.
We must understand this to understand the SNP's position. The SNP does not see itself as fundamentally-invested in the ideology of who wins at \Westminster.\ On the surface of it, if Scotland had to be governed from Westminster, they publicly declare that they would prefer a left-wing government.
In order to increase economic freedom for its citizens and enable them to achieve higher standards of living, Romania needs to continue its efforts to eradicate corruption and establish an independent and efficient judicial system.
The second battle of Tikrit is now over. It began on March 2 and lasted until April 4, when Iraqi commanders confirmed that the last pocket of Islamic State militants in the city had been eliminated.


When President Barack Obama announced recently that he would freeze a planned withdrawal of U.S. troops from Afghanistan, he explained that Afghanistan remained a dangerous place.

Yes, the world doesn't need to tell India what to do because of our unique cultural value to the environment and our minimal contribution to historic carbon emissions, but neither can India's Prime minister continue to dwell in rhetoric and falsely lead the public into thinking he is doing enough to protect them.
It is wrong to say to just \get over it\ to victim nations. For there to be reconciliation, there must be acknowledgment and justice. Just as we demand that Israel acknowledge and make recompense for its \original sin,\ we can want no less for the Armenian people.

The United States understands the language of both immediate and strategic interests, and the Arab leaderships must speak this language fluently in light of the developments, and not with an archaic, rigid language.
Xi may indeed be the most powerful leader of China since Mao, but he is also at the helm of a China that has never been more starkly divided or with more to lose.
The Syrian Freedom Charter is a national unity document based on tens of thousands of face-to-face interviews with Syrians, in every governorate of the country, about what kind of society they want.
As Europe commemorates the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II, a troll army secretly floods websites with pro-Putin propaganda while Russian government officials openly defend the indefensible. Moscow archivists are spreading misinformation to whitewash Soviet history.
Local and international print media continue to bring charges against the former Rajapaksa government, but overlook the dangers posed by the current Sri Lankan regime to the rule of law, democracy and freedom of expression.





What we need instead is rule of law in which everyone has a voice and a stake.  Yes, everyone, worldwide.  We need One Global Democracy.



Relations between ethnic Hungarians and ethnic Romanians have improved to a degree. There are still tensions, particularly around the top of regionalization, which would provide greater autonomy to different parts of the country, including the area with a Hungarian majority.
Roughly half of the 10,600 American troops were supposed to leave by the end of the year, with the rest scheduled to depart in 2016. But the administration has cancelled this year's withdrawal. Carter said he wanted to \make sure this progress sticks.\

For years, the United States and other nations have reached out to this population through broadcasting and online venues, but this process should be immediately expanded. Exchange programs -- academic and cultural -- are effective in breaking down stereotypes.
The most serious challenge to the nuclear deal may be that it does not at all address the human rights record of the Tehran theocracy or statements challenging the legitimacy of Israel. However, from the perspective of the Obama Administration and most U.S. allies, the nuclear deal is seen as a first step in empowering a more progressive trend with Iran.


On a warm October day in McLeod Ganj, a town in Northern India nestled between peaks of the outer-Himalayas, the streets were bustling with life. Among the many languages that wove in and out of the bookstores and between the dumpling stands, the most prominent was Mandarin Chinese.





Tehran continues to export its revolutionary zeal by supporting terrorism and radical organizations such as Hamas and Hezbollah, providing direct financial and military assistance to radical Shiite militias, and maintaining through subversive activities its strong hold on Iraq, Syria, and Lebanon.

This deal will verifiably prevent Iran from building a bomb for at least 15 years. No American troops will be killed, and it won't cost us a dime. What's not to like?


The last year and a half of negotiations between Iran and six international powers has created a remarkable and historic shift. Not only have relations between the United States and Iran begun to thaw after 30 years of enmity, but it is increasingly looking like the international community will be able to solve the Iran nuclear crisis together.
Where does that leave the U.S.? The Obama administration is supporting an anti-democratic monarchy in Bahrain that institutionally discriminates against its Shia population, hires Sunni police officers from hotbeds of ISIS support and awards them citizenship in order to decrease the level of Shia majority.
If you were tasked to end hunger and malnutrition in the world, you might first ask
Millie B., as some called her, was a diplomat's wife whose strong, heartfelt determination to aid others fueled her wartime endeavors. She organized relief agencies, toured battlefields, feuded with Edith Wharton, and more.
Alliances of convenience are the staple of foreign policy as any reader of Machiavelli knows. Obama wants a deal over Iranian nuclear capabilities for it would be a major success of US foreign policy.

How low will the Egyptian government go in silencing the voices of its citizens and its human rights activists? Last week, it went even lower than thought possible. In what amounted to a judicial masquerade, the Egyptian government suddenly decided to prosecute one of the world's most active and effective human rights defenders, Azza Soliman, for denouncing police brutality.
By getting involved in the Yemen conflict, Pakistan risks sectarian conflict at home in addition to being drawn into a proxy war between Saudi Arabia and Iran in the Middle East.
While Lee Kuan Yew acknowledged that we are all global beings and our survivals depend upon world conditions, Erdo\u011fan prefers to stick with \precious loneliness\ to be able to hide unjust treatment and to hide revelations of corruption.
MEXICO CITY -- While James Bond is cavorting in downtown Mexico City among giant skeleton props, leaping over rooftops and jumping into helicopters in an fictional exercise the government hopes will bolster Brand Mexico, Mexicans all over the country are clamoring for a new deal and real justice.
Going forward, we need to be better prepared for further outbreaks of this and other infectious agents.  Maybe someday in the future, Ebola will be sealed and contained in a building.  But in the modern age, even such containment is only temporary.

That this was a democratic result does nothing to hide the shame of it. That Israel's electorate was cowed, after decades of fear-mongering by political opportunists, to bet on nationalism is a disgrace both to that nation and to the principles that underpin reasonable peoples' support for liberal democracy.
President Ghani is an educated and competent man and as such is a welcome face in the leadership of Afghanistan.  But he is also a part of a very dysfunctional, incompetent and corrupt machine ill-suited for producing the reforms he promised in Washington.
The threats emanating from Yemen are distorted and exaggerated, the stakes are actually relatively low (except for Yemenis), any imposed settlement is highly elusive and the costs to those engaged may be high. For the U.S., it can be once again something of a lose-lose situation where the enemy of my enemy is often also my enemy.

The real reason behind the attacks is one and only one word
Libya's collapse has been almost total. Alas, the consequences will linger for years if not decades. When war-happy politicians, including Hillary Clinton and her gaggle of Republican rivals, next stand before America, voters should hold these pitiful policymakers accountable for the disaster they created in Libya.








We have much to learn from The Caravan of Peace and the likes of Khaira Arby and Songhoy Blues.  As in Mali, there is no shortage of political and economic oppression in the United States. Considering the ever-growing celebration and extension of ignorance, intolerance, hate and social violence, the prospect for our future generates no small measure of fear.



We are also trying to diminish the influence of the Church in Poland. Poland is a very conservative country. We are definitely for secularism. And we are not for the unlimited free market deciding everything. Some things cannot be managed in a business way.



Are the military strikes by Gulf countries led by Saudi Arabia, with the participation of Egypt and Pakistan, part of a strategy to halt Iranian encroachment in the Arab countries, or is it just a Yemeni episode imposed by necessity?




ROME -- \Welcome, this is a house for all. Your house.\

As sad and painful as it is for me personally, I can no longer protest the utilization of sanctions and political isolation because the people of Israel have demonstrated unequivocally that without them they will not move in a positive direction for themselves or their neighbors.
Netanyahu's recent calculus has since placed Israel on a collision course with the United States. The political relationship will likely recover over time. But I worry that the polarization is feeding anti-Semitism in the United States, especially on university campuses.


Most plans offered today to counter and combat this group focus exclusively on military or geopolitical solutions. While important, these plans lack a key understanding of the branding, digital marketing and start-up mentality that facilitated the spread of ISIS's influence across the globe.

The damning consequences Netanyahu's new government will inflict on the country are as certain as night following day. Israel, which has been led astray by Netanyahu for so long, is fast approaching a new precipice unlike any other it has faced in years past.






The film, the work of sister-brother co-directors Ronit and Shlomi Elkabetz (she co-stars), is an impassioned portrayal of an implacable woman of character. It's at once a feminist film, obviously, and a larger story about diminishing the ultra-Orthodox (Haredi) authority and influence in Israeli life.
SEOUL -- Equipped with high-quality education, Asia's rising middle class will demand higher-quality public services. Increased confidence in their country's political systems and institutional structures, enhanced by improved perceptions of upward mobility, will help to strengthen the rule of law. And there will be more opportunities for women to learn and work, leading to greater gender equality.
There have always been crazy groups claiming they have some sort of divine or nationalistic right to kill other people. These groups have a few things in common -- psychotic tendencies, bad taste in fashion and a horrible sense of humor.
President Obama has a history of supporting constructive international programs that can reach women smallholder farmers with critical investments, but he got it wrong with the New Alliance, and it needs to be scrapped.

If Israel wishes to be \a light unto the nations\ she must put the brakes on this growing intolerant tendency towards 20 percent of its own population. The tragic consequences if she does not will be hard to stop.


BERLIN -- Germany bears responsibility for Greece. But that has nothing to do with World War II.
Though the founding father of a tiny country on the tip of the Malay peninsula, Lee Kuan Yew was one of the giants of the arriving Asian century. Not only did he miraculously transform the impoverished colonial entrep\u00f4t of Singapore, rife with drugs and prostitution, into a gleaming model city-state of the 21st century; his practical vision of soft-authoritarian capitalism also became the template for Deng Xiaoping's \opening up and reform\ in China, laying the basis for the rise of a prosperous East Asia.





Iran's crackdown earlier this month on the protesting soccer fans was as much in line with its intolerance toward expressions of anti-government sentiment as it was a response to references to Ahwaz in Saudi media as Arab territory.
We discover, laid bare by an expert, the inner workings of the staggering extortion scheme that is the heart of Putin's system, and we understand that the act of revealing those workings is the most unforgivable crime in the country.
When I met the biologist Gyongyi Mangel in 1990, her enthusiasm was contagious. So much was going on in Hungarian civil society that it was hard to keep track of all the new initiatives. She was passionate about connecting issues and it was hard not to get caught up in her can-do spirit.
Lee Kuan Yew died on Monday at the age of 91. And with his demise, modern Asia has lost all of its postwar political wizards, men and women who carved entire countries from the clangor of colonial rule or from disputes with neighbors. This year, his beloved Singapore will mark its 50th anniversary of independence.





Financial inclusion helps lift people out of poverty and can help speed economic development. It can draw more women into the mainstream of economic activity, harnessing their contributions to society. And it will help governments provide more efficient delivery of services to their people by streamlining transfers and cutting administrative costs.


Nigeria's more than 70 million voters will soon go to the polls to choose their country's leader for the next four years.  Whether the victor is incumbent President Goodluck Jonathan or opposition challenger Muhammadu Buhari is entirely for Nigerians to decide



To sidestep clear legal impediments to remove Cuba from the U.S. list of states sponsoring terrorism would go beyond political embarrassment. It would be an irreparable blow to the credibility of the Administration's foreign-policy leadership.
Say what you will about the type of democracy LKY created, and nurtured, after stepping down as Prime Minister in 1990, the net result is an economic miracle unrivaled in Southeast Asia that has punched way above its weight for decades.

France needs a decisive president with a sense of urgency and a capacity for statesmanship. Both require a willingness to be \more confrontational\ at home, as Macron says, and more forceful abroad.


Netanyahu's position directly opposes the American policy in favor of a two-state solution that has been in place since the Six-Day War of 1967.

The geoeconomic wrangling over energy in Europe is far from over

There is a mixed feeling of resignation and fear among the population in the region. This comes as a result of the pressure exercised on the population by the atrocities ISIL exhibited.

SINGAPORE -- The U.S. can no longer dominate world history. A new power has also arrived. The British decision to join the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank was an epochal event. It may have heralded the end of the American century and the arrival of the Asian century.
Israel is facing the same kind of struggle that many other countries have encountered -- between democracy and theocracy. Unfortunately, Israel has recently been headed in the wrong direction.
We could be falling into the abyss of a new dark age where nationalism, populism, and xenophobia rules the world order in a sinister combination of fanaticism, ignorance, and anti-science. Unlikely? No. Look to history.


Let's get real, as the kids say. If Israel fails to get Washington to go to war with Iran, it will have lost a very big bet. More fantasizing will not get it out of that hole. Some Israelis of high rank recognize that; too many of their American sympathizers do not.
Because the Senate does have the chance to vote down a treaty after the pact is signed, the nation's founders certainly did not intend for Senators to try to sabotage ongoing negotiations.
Reports emerged in the American media Thursday that President Obama may propose a resolution to the UN Security Council calling for the lifting of international sanctions on Iran, if an agreement is reached by the \P5+1\ negotiating team over the country's nuclear program.



I'm sure most of us can't imagine being uprooted from our homes and forced to flee with only the clothes on our backs. But that's what millions of people face each day. As Syria enters its 5th year of conflict, 3.9 million people have fled Syria to neighboring countries.



A smaller number of Poles continue to take to the streets or try to organize actions similar to the Solidarity mobilizations of the past. And perhaps the smallest group of all tries to channel that dissatisfaction into advocacy within the system to change the nature of Polish politics.
By coming together, Jewish and Israeli strategists hope to finally get the community on the same page. That page has been ripped from the history books and reprinted as a modern, false narrative; but the text is the same today as it was in the last century.

The Syrian conflict, which this month enters its fifth year, shows no sign of easing. Since the start of the crisis in 2011, more than eleven million -- half of the population -- have been forced to flee the fighting and are now displaced inside the country.




Less attention has been paid to the \u00e9migr\u00e9s who worked on behalf of peace and reconciliation in former Yugoslavia. These activists supported peace organizations in the region, helped to spread the word of human rights violations, and worked in large numbers for international organizations, including the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia at The Hague.



Widely circulating in Morocco via YouTube at the moment is the following video of American civil rights leader Jesse Jackson, president and founder of the Rainbow Push Coalition.
TOKYO -- Looking out onto Tokyo's towering neon cityscape, it is difficult to imagine the utter devastation of Japan's capital 70 years ago this week in one of the world's greatest overlooked atrocities -- the unsparing American firebombing that incinerated more people than either of the nuclear attacks on Hiroshima or Nagasaki. In this respect, Japan is a long way from its past.\n\nBut a visit to Tokyo this week by German Chancellor Angela Merkel -- during which she noted how her country had accepted culpability for its WWII fascist aggression in a way that Japan has not -- also highlights how the past still shadows the present -- and the future -- in Asia. (In Europe also the past has returned from another angle as Greece is demanding reparations from Germany). (continued)


As long as the fighting continues, refugees will continue to stream out of Syria, and millions will continue to be displaced inside Syria. It's hard to believe the already dire humanitarian crisis could get even worse.
The world wants Turkey to be back on the international trade and regional diplomacy track, but that's only possible if corruption and crackdowns discontinue.  The biggest obstacle, at this point, to a lasting and successful Erdogan presidency is Erdogan himself.
Banning media in any form is not just India's problem, it's not just China's or France's. It is a global problem.



Pakistan needs its state capacity to be enhanced because essentially it has a weak state which has not been able to really penetrate into the society. Due to low tax base coupled with bureaucratic incompetence, state has not been able to provide even basic facilities to a large chunk of population.

Diversity isn't about tearing down America's place in the media. It's about making some new ones for some other countries too.

If the Honduran judicial system is not seriously amended, and human rights matters are not addressed properly by the State, more abuses will continue to be committed with impunity.
Some critics claim that the reason for President Obama's reluctance to support Egypt's fight against terrorism is that Washington does not want to reward a dictator that stifles freedom at home. However, this is a weak argument that could easily be applied to Jordan.
Democracy is based on the premise that all people are equal and all have the right to vote and whoever gets the most votes wins. But what happens if the politicians, in order to get elected, make promises which are disastrous for the country?




The recent announcement in Washington and Beijing that Chinese President Xi Jinping will pay a state visit to the United States in September underscores the continuing momentum in the improvement of bilateral relations since the landmark U.S.-China climate agreement reached in Beijing last November. In the months leading to President Xi's U.S. visit, however, both countries will need to work hard to create favorable conditions for a productive summit.
The killing of Nemtsov successfully eliminates the most worrisome gnats buzzing Putin in recent years.

The European financial crisis certainly prepared the ground for the growth of nationalist parties throughout the continent. Cluj, a large city in the Transylvanian region of Romania that has an ethnic Romanian majority, is a good illustration of the limits of nationalist politics.


Among the notable absences in the discussion, however, was the ban on candidates putting forth a program, which means the voters mark their ballots based on a biography, rather than on the proposals of their future representative.


In the wake of revolution and the midst of war, Ukrainian politics is becoming increasingly more volatile. Intent on proving their anti-establishment bona fides, public figures are turning to firebrand populism in an effort to bolster their own \authenticity\ and folksiness.



The only possible solution to the problem of Israel and Palestine, it is generally assumed, is to recognize the two peoples and divide the land between them. The only question, it appears, is where to draw the line and what happens to people who end up on the wrong side.


President Zuma should make the climb to the moral high ground currently occupied by the victims. From there he may see more clearly the values that are needed to build the nation.
Kobane should remind us all of the danger that ISIL poses to the entire civilized world. We owe it to the people of that city, and the courageous efforts of the Kurdish Peshmerga who freed it, to ensure that they are receiving as much support as we can offer.
President Aquino has demonstrated that it is possible to be part of political dynasty yet be focused on the common good, and achieve enough in a single term of office to transform the country from the sick man of Asia to one of its leading economies.

Countries that have invested in girls' education and removed legal barriers that prevent women from achieving their potential are now seeing the benefits. But for countries to leave poverty behind, both men and women need to get to equal and push the frontiers of equal opportunities even further. To get there, we need to tackle three issues.




During the height of the Ebola panic, nurse Kacie Hickox, who cared for Ebola victims in Sierra Leone, was forcibly quarantined in New Jersey on her return to the United States. Said a friend and former classmate, \She's really concerned about her colleagues coming back to the U.S. after her.\
There is no excuse for courts to fail the victims of sexual violence. As Physicians for Human Rights has demonstrated in its work in eastern Congo, doctors, nurses, police investigators, prosecutors, and judges can work together to support evidence-based prosecutions for crimes of sexual violence. The ICC should know better. The ICC should do better.
\I am all for a renewal of Israeli-Palestinian negotiations,\ said DD, the imaginary Israeli Defense Dove, when she contacted me again.
The first step towards a new evolution in our interactions with North Korea is to appreciate the perspectives that each of the nations engaged in the Six Party Talks has on the challenges which North Korea presents, and the varying ways that each reacts to them.
TOKYO - Herein lies the unique twist that Piketty's theory takes on in Japan

In spite of the fact that most Americans now see China as the next superpower, we know little about the Chinese. The time has come to get to know your dragon.
\The exponential improvement in the elements of computing is not about to run out of gas. We've got generations more of it to go. Geeks out there are going to take that computational power and that ocean of data and do things that astonish us.\

Fifty years ago America's leaders told us that if we lost Saigon it would be just the first domino to tip over as the juggernaut of International Communism smashed through the defenses of Capitalism. Now I am back, for the first time.
Nemtsov Assassination

Activity intensified over the past week at the United Nations with respect to the deteriorating situation in Yemen -- amid further evidence of a rift over the country's future between Washington and its traditional Gulf allies.


Europe, now more than ever, needs a persuasive alternative to counter the German insistence on austerity. Instead, Tsipras decided to partake in some shadowboxing for the viewing pleasure of the Greek public.
In the midst of war and heightened nationalism in Ukraine, many demonstrators who participated in protests at Maidan Square just one year ago are gripped with a profound sense of shock and wonder what has happened to their country.







William Henry Hunt, president of Racing Club St\u00e9phanois, bid adieu to his rugby players as they departed St. \u00c9tienne for the battlefields of northern France a century ago. He did not see most of them again as so many perished in the Great War's carnage.

Since the New Year, Ukraine's currency -- the hryvnia -- has collapsed, losing 51 percent of its value against the U.S. dollar. To put this rout into perspective, consider that the Russian ruble has only lost 8 percent against the greenback during the same period.

Only a negotiated settlement, no matter how unsatisfying, offers the possibility of a stable resolution of the ongoing conflict. Indeed, the alternative may be the collapse of the Ukrainian state and long-term confrontation between the West and Russia, at great cost to all sides.
Washington continues to disagree with its regional allies on how to proceed in Syria. Although Washington is leading the campaign against ISIS, it does not seem fully committed to the task.
Brazil might well review its prevailing trade negotiation strategy where efforts have focused on the multilateral track. Bilateral trade agendas with both U.S. and EU may become a way to mitigate the negative potential impacts of TTIP and TTP.
The Philippines and the rest of the world will have to continue up-skilling on disaster risk management for many years to come. Climate change is happening but risk change has already happened, and we have to understand and manage it.
The reason Putin has been able to consistently wrong-foot the European allies in the negotiations over Ukraine is that he holds all the major cards. This would not necessarily be the case if a military parity between Russia and Western Europe were to come about.
The financial press has become inundated with the word \austerity.\ Since Greece's left-wing Syriza proclaimed an \anti-austerity revolution,\ strong adjectives, like \incredibly savage,\ precede that overused word.
This new \bottom-up medicine\ forever changes the patient-doctor relationship to a partnership on equal footing.

While few American Jewish leaders will speak openly on the subject, many thoughtful Jews are worried that Prime Minister Netanyahu's planned speech in the House of Representatives on March 3rd will actually harm Israel's security interests rather than help them.
As the balance of world power is shifting, news delivery is also shifting. Those shifts, in tandem, will inform the shape and flavor of the future. And they're just a few keystrokes away, starting now.

The true lesson of the recent uptick in tensions is not that we should increase pressures on Pyongyang, but rather that we have to move beyond the current approach to engagement with North Korea.
The Telegraph might be withholding emails related to a ridiculous smear campaign to label Labour politicians as pedophiles
For the moment what matters for the vast majority of Greek people is that for the first time they feel they have a government which, despite its compromises, has proved that it made its best effort to bring Europe back to the table for a fair and equal negotiation about the terms of the Greek bailout program.

A concern for justice and humanity that focuses selectively on victims and perpetrators is deeply flawed. It is time for Israel demonizers to recognize their double standard and move beyond it.
This year, as in years past, the tyrannical Mugabe will shower himself with praise and luxury. There will be an elaborate and lavish affair in his honor.  The price tag for his birthday party has been announced to be $1 million. And if that weren't offensive enough on its own, his cronies are demanding that ordinary Zimbabweans foot the bill.











All this to hide that he doesn't know how to govern and can only imitate the dismal model he's inherited from his mentors of the Plaza of the Revolution. The result is a bad copy of the Cuban model, a crude replica in which ideology has ceded its entire terrain to the ravings of a man.
So India can have its Swach Shakti moment, its gigawatts of solar and wind, its high performance urban development, its inclusive, low-carbon growth. But there are two major threats.
Global action is woven by local commitment. It is the only way we can ensure that we can all keep waking up in a world where we can safely build our lives


The general climate of fear and hopelessness concerning developments in the Middle East serves Netanyahu, the master of fear, phenomenally well. And the center-left has not had the energy and the political will to come up with alternatives that would require creative thinking.

Whether this ceasefire or some future one proves durable, Ukraine must eventually make some very difficult decisions concerning its future. Above all, it must figure out a way of exiting the steel trap that has clamped down on its nether regions. The Crimean peninsula has already been sliced off. Should Ukraine sever another one of its own limbs in order to survive?
Late last month, ISIS was driven out of the Syrian city of Kobani, thanks to over 100 days of US-led airstrikes and the actions of Kurdish fighters. But this could also be bad news for other parts of the country and potential targets abroad, as this Sunni extremist organization reorients its focus. What can we expect of ISIS in the coming months?
U.S. national interest is definitely at stake in the direction events in Yemen take over the next few months.
The Economist's Feb. 6 cover displayed the Venus de Milo statue pointing a revolver, with the headline \Go ahead, Angela, make my day.\ In the editors' upside-down world, Greece is threatening Europe, or at least Germany. Really?
Dr. Paul Krugman, the hyper-productive New York Times columnist and Nobel laureate, has produced a flood of fiscal factoids. He argues that the only way to put the major economies around the world back on track is to \stimulate\ them via deficit-financed government spending.
People keep asking me what I think about Europe's most recent crisis (read
In an interview in Warsaw in August 2013, Dariusz Kalan, a Central Europe expert with the Polish Institute for International Affairs (PISM), talked about Poland's attempt to represent the region in European bodies, why young people are leaning toward conservative movements, and how Central Europe views Russia.
I believe that there is no better choice than to help the Kurds help us vanquish the unparalleled barbarity of the beheaders of the Islamic State. So, yes, weapons. An alliance without reservations or hidden agendas. Perhaps even a major \Erbil conference.\

The most consequential decision of your careers could be the pending economic assistance agreement with the Government of Greece. This letter contains important information about the Greek people that is critical to your decision but has been buried by inaccurate media reporting.
Like it or not, lying serves an important function. It's the glue that holds society together.  It sustains careers, keeps marriages intact, fuels wars, sells billions of dollars of goods, and spares the more sensitive among us the devastating hurt that often accompanies the awful truth.
While privileged and generally very expensive schools around the globe bank on diversity through both their internationally recognized curriculums and extracurricular activities like Model United Nations, the accessibility to such resources lacks in mainstream schools in most countries.
The tragic killing of the two hostages reinforced domestic concerns over Japanese rearmament. If they want to reinforce their (recent) pacifist heritage, so be it. But they should not then expect Washington to protect them.  Serious countries defend themselves. They don't turn their futures over to other nations to save a little money.
The Copenhagen killings are reviving the Charlie Hebdo experience. The dramatic video, the bloodied office, the manhunt, the hostages, the outrage, the marches, the ubiquitous Je Suis Charlie placards. And then the politicians' pledges, the analysis, the endless commentaries.

For Ukrainians, corruption is one of the most pressing problems facing society today.  According to the Economist, \weak institutions, low morale, and an underdeveloped sense of public service have made everyone liable to corruption over Ukraine's entire post-Soviet history.\


The only word for it is chutzpah


Poland has never been a particularly liberal country. In other words, its political culture has not focused on the individual or individual rights. Consider the great confrontation of the 1980s
A stampede at a Cairo stadium earlier this month, much like a politically-loaded soccer brawl in the Suez Canal city of Port Said three years ago, is shining a spotlight on Egypt's unreformed, unabashedly violent, and politically powerful police and security forces amid confusion over what precisely happened and how many fans died.







The story of the court intrigues in Abdullah's last days, and the leaked recordings which have come out since then, show something that was not immediately apparent in June 2013, when Egypt's first elected president Mohammed Morsi was overthrown by his army, after mass demonstrations against his rule.
Even so, I desperately want to believe that Europe, with all its dazzling achievements since the end of World War II, can still strengthen its resolve, stiffen its spine, and fully understand the stakes involved, however late in the day it is. Here is what I wish would happen now.




Strong rule of law nations must urgently address transnational organized crime in the Balkan region's mafia states including Croatia, and, help establish the rule of law and independent judiciary.

Rationally speaking, there is a possibility of reaching a compromise around a new social contract for a trusted Internet. We should be cautiously optimistic, since politics (especially global politics), like trust (and global trust), are not necessarily rational.

Ever since the Boston marathon bombings, the question I hear most often is \why would a Western-educated individual become so radicalized?\ While everyone's path is unique, I wanted to share my journey, albeit from a female perspective, to help make sense of what has led -- for some -- to senseless acts of violence.


The whole idea of European integration was to anchor Germany in Europe to avoid another world war and to spread prosperity across the continent with a single market and common currency. Russia agreed to German unification after the Cold War in exchange for the West not absorbing Europe's eastern frontier into its sphere of influence. \n\nNow democratically elected governments in Athens and Kiev -- and the responses in Berlin and Moscow -- are challenging both post-Cold War arrangements. Angela Merkel, as chancellor of Europe's unrivaled power, has become, for better and worse, the crisis manager in the middle. (continued)
In Europe, as in the BRICS and other countries that experienced rapid growth during the expansive phase of the cycle, we are now in the phase when the down side of the curve teems with uncertainties that discourage decisions to invest.




In December 2014, the Office of the Prosecutor (OTP) of the International Criminal Court (ICC) published its annual Report on Preliminary Examination Activities. This report includes information on Colombia and Honduras, among others
The sensationalist tendencies of our contemporary global media have offered an ideal echo chamber for the warped and corrupt ideologies of these militant groups. We must better utilize this echo chamber to put forth convincing ideologies that strengthen the possibility for human solidarity.
Russia and Iran are in bed together and keep hammering away at the same theme--America is the enemy. America and NATO cannot afford to cede Ukraine to Russia and also cannot tolerate a nuclear armed Iran exporting terror around the globe.


No responsible leader worthy of the title should take the risk of threatening the peace which has reigned since the end of the Second World War.

The US still is committed not to engage in a ground campaign, and so long as that is the case, ISIS gets an extended lease of life which they do not deserve to have. We are in for a prolonged battle, one that can still be shortened.
For many of us who attended this year's World Economic Forum, the issue of trust dominated much of the discussion. Despite the improving global economy, trust in global institutions among the world's population is at an all-time low.
The Greek people voted overwhelmingly for a new start. But Prime Minister Tsipras cannot deliver that new start alone. He needs help from World leaders and Europe's other leaders and the involved Eurozone officials, easing up the strict -- non-workable rules imposed -- on the Greek people.
Coming just weeks before an international donors conference in which Gulf States are expected to cough up billions of dollars more, the alleged Sisi leaks are timely. They show him diverting money meant for the reconstruction of the state into the Egyptian Army's coffers. And they beg the question


One of the highlights of last year's Government Summit, an annual international forum held in Dubai designed to help shape the future of governments, was the announcement that the UAE was set to introduce drones to help deliver ID cards, driving licenses and other permits to its residents.





The savagery of the Islamic State taunted the world once again this week, striking out at both geopolitically toothless Japan and the tribal kingdom of Jordan. Islamic State fighters beheaded the journalist Kenji Goto and revealed that, in an act of unfathomable cruelty, they had burned alive a captured Jordanian pilot.\n\nLast week Japan's former defense chief Yuriko Koike wrote from Tokyo that Japan's constitutional restrictions on using force have prevented it from taking action against ISIS, and argues that that must change. Writing from Beirut, Jordanian analyst Rami Khouri has political misgivings about official support across the Arab world for the anti-ISIS coalition when the public is not consulted. From Amman, WorldPost Middle East Correspondent Sophia Jones reports both on the massive protests against ISIS and on the undercurrent of opposition in Jordan that believes the fight against ISIS \is not our war.\ (continued)




The bright orange jumpsuit is an authentic piece of evidence to demonstrate that the human species is going bonkers. Rule of law, constitutional rights, mercy, and forgiveness are no longer the prime values.

Trapped by Cuban justice since last December 30, when she was arrested during her performance #YoTambienExijo (I Too Demand), the artist remains in Havana hoping to resolve her legal situation. We talked with her about this, her artivism, and the future of Cuba.
In the absence of a common narrative shared by the U.S. and China, the two nations are likely to drift more rapidly apart. The relationship needs a new strategic concept for the future that is capable of sufficiently embracing both American and Chinese realities, as well as areas of potential common endeavor for the future, and to do so in language which is comprehensible and meaningful in both capitals. Trust builds on itself just as distrust builds on itself as well, compounding into deep enmity over time.


From now on, what will be at stake is no longer our future ability as Westerners to coexist on a planet scale with the \Muslim other\ after the question of \why do they hate us,\ but rather our ability, and without too much compromise on mutual ethos, to live together within Western societies for the century or more to come.
On February 2, 1982, Syrian troops -- acting under the orders of then-President Hafez al-Assad and led by his brother, Rifaat al-Assad -- besieged the city of Hama in an effort to quell an anti-government uprising by the Muslim Brotherhood.
Despite drastically different duties and daily lives following the war's outbreak, American diplomats, reporters, and civilians in France recorded their rendez-vous with history and their reactions.
The success of these initiatives will shore up our efforts to bring about North Korea's change. Already, we have seen the wind of change sweep through other regions, opening up countries like Myanmar and Cuba. So, we are working with many partners so that the wind of change will come to the shores of North Korea.
Rather than reward the dangerous Hern\u00e1ndez regime for subverting the rule of law and punishing those who uphold it, the United States should publicly and forcefully demand the immediate reinstatement of the four judges as a baby step toward restoring judicial independence in Honduras.
The IMF, the most prestigious international financial institution in the world, has rated China's ranking to number one economic superpower in the world -- surpassing those of the United States.
Ukraine ousted Yanukovych in order to avoid becoming fully authoritarian. The war Putin unleashed against Ukraine is his way of telling Ukraine that fascism and democracy are incompatible.
In real life, I was able to appeal this decision, but with you, we cannot click on an \appeal\ tab. And since I am a feminist, I cannot stop myself from noticing male chests circulating all over your site without consequence and receive your narrow-minded precepts like a discriminatory slap in the face. Is Facebook chauvinistic?
In the conclave, Pope Francis touched on the early church fathers' sense of the mysterium lunae. The mystery of the moon is that it has no light of its own; it only reflects the light of the sun. He said the church should not mistake itself for the sun. It has instead the mystery of the moon. It must remember that it only shines by reflecting the light of the divine.
The WorldPost Future Series is a set of conferences that will explore the social and economic transformation fostered by rapid technological advance -- and how these tumultuous changes will impact daily life in our communities, our families and in the workplace.
We will all become closer to achieving peace - as Israelis, Palestinians or concerned members of the international community - if we refrain from intransigence and instead take all perspectives into account.
Sure, it may not work; the policy may backfire, the Ukrainian army may not be able to use the weapons effectively or they may lose some to the rebels. Putin may even decide to escalate. But guess what? Putin is already escalating.
The announcement of the restoration of relations between Cuba and the United States has provoked a resurgence in this country of a feeling lost for decades

Robert Mugabe continues to destroy Zimbabwe, and now he's got a bigger sandbox to play in. The oldest and longest serving leader in Africa has taken the helm of the African Union (AU), as well as the leadership of the Southern African Development Community. He will pilot the AU for the next year.
What French policymakers and legislators need to be discussing is marginalization of Muslims in France, education, housing, particularly in the suburbs, rental discrimination, and true political participation and repect in the public and private sphere.
The Road to Iraq is a work of tremendous intellectual diligence and moral seriousness.
As was the case in 1996, this policy of appeasement had dire consequences for the democratic opposition in Cuba, which suffered several setbacks over the next four years.
This was a frequent question among Cubans the morning after Barack Obama delivered his State of the Union address.
I didn't have a chance to interview Munteanu in 1990 when I was in Romania because he was still in detention. But I met him last year for a conversation in Bucharest. I was surprised to discover that the activist who had captivated huge audiences of protestors for weeks at a time in 1990 never particularly relished that role.

Weeping mothers are not usually embroiled in international crisis, nor are they typical foreign policy advisers. But now is the time for the Shinzo Abe government to listen to Mrs. Ishido.  Less political outrage, more national contemplation.
No sooner did the global elites leave their annual talking shop high in the Alps at Davos last week than the people spoke in Greece. In a mutiny against an untenable status quo, those who are run over have revolted against those who run things. Now righteous populism must face economic, financial and political realities if other European states don't bend Greece's way.\n\nTo keep up with the drama as it evolves over the coming weeks, we've connected WorldPost readers directly to the daily blog of Yanis Varoufakis, the self-described \erratic Marxist\ who is now Greece's finance minister. Writing from Athens, HuffPost Greece Editorial Director Sophia Papaioannou says Alexis Tsipras' electoral victory will give suffering Greeks \space and time\ to address their predicament. Former Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou argues that the path forward after the election is for a national referendum on a \Greek plan\ for reform that will bind a now polarized nation. Rena Dourou, a deputy of the victorious Syriza party, notes that the vote was as much against the corruption of the formerly ruling political parties in Greece as it was against austerity. (continued)





Balint Misetics and I talked about his views on militancy, how homeless activism connects to other political struggles in Hungary today, and why this kind of work can be traumatic over the long run.






Since any military retaliation from Hezbollah, leading to a wider conflict with Israel, will pull Iran in as well, Iranian leaders are more likely to caution Hezbollah about using any tactics or strategy that might bring about a war.
Practicing a decolonized archaeology starts with the very simple everyday practices that eventually make up these structures. Just as these practices contribute to the formation of these structures, simple changes in them can alter the broader structures.

The palace coup is complete. In a far-reaching decree on Thursday night, the new Saudi king Salman unraveled the legacy of his half-brother Abdullah and set the kingdom on course for a significant regional realignment.
There are many reasons behind the scramble by the United States, both at the level of the executive branch and the legislative branch, to affirm to Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz that Washington is determined to maintain and develop the historical relationship between the two countries.
Planning and preventing pregnancy is not only a personal choice; it's a human right that saves lives, combats poverty, and helps to close the inequality gap. But more than that it's a crucial requirement for slowing population growth and, in turn, saving the planet from its greatest threat--climate change.

With the presidential election looming on February 14, Nigeria is at a crossroads.
The Middle East remains a powder keg with most regional actors balancing precariously upon a tightrope. The danger of a misstep that could plunge the region into a new war is ever present and unfortunately, nothing suggests that trajectory will change anytime soon.

The role that private sector can play must not be underestimated, and there are a few areas where the global business community could act now.


Corruption and coup allegations coupled with the fact that Rajapaksa no longer heads the Sri Lanka Freedom Party makes a comeback very difficult, but ruling it out completely seems premature.


TOKYO -- It is unacceptable for a government to be unable to protect its own citizens. That is why Abe is determined to amend, or at least reinterpret, Japan's constitution to allow for the kinds of defense maneuvers that other countries, from Israel to India, employ when their people are threatened. As U.S. Supreme Court Justice Robert Jackson once put it, a constitution is not a suicide pact.
Freedom of speech might be integral to the hard-won flowering of modern freedoms valued in the West, but its fragile bloom has faded and could die without proper tending by courageous politicians and media working in a global partnership to oppose Islamism and the Zeitgeist of political correctness.

Although Syriza's victory in Greece's election will inspire leftists and galvanize populist parties throughout Europe, the magnitude of its triumph is unlikely to be replicated or cause an enduring chain reaction across the European Union (EU).
The 70th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz, which will be marked January 27 on International Holocaust Remembrance Day, comes at a time when some are asking
Many are voicing surprise at the comments of IMF head Christine Lagarde following the death of the Saudi monarch. We see here the emptiness of a shallow diversity that seeks to put a woman in a prominent position while maintaining incredibly oppressive power dynamics.

As Greeks head to the polls today, I would like to share some of my thoughts with you on the current political situation and my decision to create a new party, the Movement of Democratic Socialists.
Every time a Turk tells me they have not heard of Assyrians it feels like a punch in my stomach, like if the perpetrators succeeded with Sefyo, at least with some of it.\u00a0Part of the plan was to wipe us out of the history books so that people would never know about our existence.



For many women in Egypt, this Sunday will bring back particularly bitter memories -- of a brief moment when it seemed that a better future was finally within reach. Women stood alongside men throughout the 2011 uprising. However, in the years since they have faced a rising tide of violence and discrimination. And nowhere is safe.

If we want moral clarity in understanding the Khartoum -- as opposed to the political \complexities\ adduced whenever the regime is the subject -- then let us look to Frandala.  This deliberate bombing attack on an MSF hospital, by an advanced military jet aircraft, is the very face of the Khartoum regime.

Heberprot-P is proof that the U.S. embargo, still to be lifted by an act of Congress, isn't just hurting Cubans. American lives and limbs are also, quite literally, at stake.
I've wanted to re-establish diplomatic relations between the U.S. and Cuba since I was 10 years old. (But I'm glad that President Obama is beating me to it.)

The majority of Japanese citizens are proud of what we have achieved over the last 70 years. No, we will never become expansionists again, never.
The WorldPost was launched one year ago in Davos. It was born out of a contradiction and a paradox. \n\nThe contradiction is that while the world is growing more interdependent, the media is fragmenting -- re-nationalizing, re-localizing and even tribalizing. The resulting paradox is that the information age is becoming the age of non-communication across boundaries -- political, cultural and ideological.\n\nThe aim of The WorldPost is to help bridge this growing chasm by becoming a platform where the whole world meets; a common zone where cross-pollination of ideas and perspectives from all corners of the planet can take place.\n\nTo achieve this aim, The WorldPost strives for a global viewpoint looking around, not a national perspective looking out. Along with intelligent curation of the global news and original reportage, what distinguishes us, above all, are the first person global voices of our contributors. Every week, they weigh in as events break from Havana to Beijing, from Moscow to Mexico City, Paris, New Delhi and Abuja among so many other places.\n\nThe WorldPost seems to have met an outstanding need. Thanks to you, one year later we have reached 28 million monthly views. We've shown that the message can catch up to the medium if we put our minds to it. (continued)
One of our important activities was the seminar organized in 1987 at a church in Warsaw. The title of the seminar was Bringing Real Life to the Helsinki Agreement, and it was based on the Memorandum prepared by the Western peace movement and politicians as well as people from the opposition in the East.

What was absent in President Barack Obama's State of the Union Address was more intriguing than what he mentioned, in relation to international conditions, and the positions of the United States on them.

Participants in our eight-day fast started each day with a time of reflection. This year, asked to briefly describe who or what we had left behind and yet might still carry in our thoughts that morning, I said that I'd left behind an imagined WWI soldier, Leonce Boudreau.






The fountainhead of Islamic extremism that promotes and legitimizes violence lies with the fanatical \Wahhabi\ strain of Islam centered in Saudi Arabia. And if the world wants to tamp down and eliminate such violent extremism, it must confront this primary host and facilitator.
The 'care economy' allows people time to both make a living and do what they most care about.
No matter how deeply Muslims and Catholics have been hurt, we should be reassured that most have the character to accept this as the cost of respecting individual rights.
With strong leaders from both the public and private sector, we can slow climate change now by putting a price on carbon, eliminating fuel subsidies, and bring together bold, innovative country plans.
Strange indeed, the story of Michel Houellebecq's latest novel, Soumission, which appeared just before the attack on Charlie Hebdo that left 12 people dead, like an advance echo of the terrible events that have plunged France into mourning, and scaring stiff not only the author's friends but Houellebecq himself.

Americans, who increasingly oppose costly conflict, may come to recognize that the U.S. would be better off with a Cuba and an Iran (without nuclear weapons) as functioning members of the international community.
Violence can seem like the only solution to people already experiencing the suffocation of dead endings. My hope is that the rest of us, instead of saying \What can you do?\ say the same, but with a different intonation.

With several large trade deals on the global agenda, there is a real opportunity to boost growth for everyone.
The World Economic Forum Annual Meeting provides an unparalleled platform to develop the insights, ideas and partnerships that are needed to rebalance and rebuild the pillars of modernity.

As a U.S.-born Cuban and historian who has traveled to Cuba dozens of times since my career began nearly 18 years ago, there is one question that I am asked more than any other
In August 2010, Cuban Roman Catholic Cardinal Jaime Ortega went to Washington and shared with many a message he heard directly from Raul Castro
In the rush to sensationalize the Paris terrorist attacks and minimize all other news (for example, even more horrendous terrorist attacks in Nigeria), the American media has conveniently overlooked one major ill effect of the public hysteria it is helping to foment.
It's no wonder the West has been quick to give up on and to forget the liberal, cosmopolitan youth that fueled the Arab Spring of recent years -- a  demographic that hardly fits into the Western view that everyone in these countries is primarily characterized by religiosity.

Somewhere near Mosul in Iraq, a Yazidi woman is sold into \marriage\ at that price.  That is, if she is between 20 and 30 years of age. If she is 10 to 20 years of age, the price is higher, at $129 dollars.  The highest price of $172 is reserved for girls up to the age of nine.
As the child of Cuban exiles, the story of my roots was explained in the past tense, and illustrated in fading black and white family photographs.
It could double as an innovation and technology center, featuring a state-of-the-art performing-arts theater and lecture hall, a large gallery space for exhibits and a modernized classroom.
Change is coming to Cuba. In fact, if one looks closely at Cuba now, one sees a country in transformation. Some are subtle. Others are public. Many are still in the offing.










The simple truth is that murderers and presidents, and governments and groups may use the evocative power of religious language to justify their behavior. The problem is not in the language or the religion. The problem is with those who abuse it for their evil ends.
A Turkish Football Federation (TFF) decision to penalize a third tier soccer club in the predominantly Kurdish city of Diyarbakir for adopting a Kurdish name reflects mounting tension in south-eastern Turkey.

In the ongoing commotion over Obama's normalization of relations with Cuba, it is easy to forget that the two countries have a long and tangled relation that predates either of them even being nations.
The first principle of an open society is not to let the intolerant define \the territory of insult\ -- those areas off limits to criticism or ridicule. But how does one define \territory\ when media now crosses the boundaries of nations, cultures and civilizations?\n\nIn the end, free societies must defend the right of the Charlie Hebdo cartoonists against murder by fanatics, the Sony filmmakers against the North Korean regime and novelists like Salman Rushdie against a fatwa from the ayatollahs. But isn't Pope Francis also right that, in today's diverse and connected world, we must exercise the civil restraint of \respect\ for the non-fanatic faithful (see the other depiction of the Prophet acceptable among some Muslims on left above), even if we insist on irreverence toward political authority?\n\nFinding an equilibrium amid the frictions and fusions that abound in this global public space will determine whether or not we can forge a new cosmopolitan commons of the 21st century.\n\nThis week, The WorldPost engages this conundrum. Writing from Denmark, Flemming Rose, the Jyllands-Posten editor who commissioned cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad a decade ago that set off riots across the Muslim world, argues against \the tyranny of silence\ fanatics would impose. Mehdi Hasan says he is \fed up with free speech fundamentalists\ who feel they have a \duty to offend.\ (continued)


When I met Jamie Walker in 1990, she was a specialist in mediation and conflict resolution. She worked in this capacity from her home in West Berlin, becoming involved in the peace movement, doing violence-prevention work in the school system, and eventually pioneering efforts in mediating cross-border family conflicts.


Designing a long-term strategy and implementing effective policies to successfully deal with radical Islam on Western soil can no longer be delayed. In the immediate future, strong rule of law nations must deal with enemies within our midst which are facilitating:




On weekends, impromptu rallies may elicit the occasional interest of passers-by. At one point, I came upon a group of nationalists in Maidan square flanked by Ukrainian blue and yellow banners and a rather sinister-looking bunch of men in sunglasses.
What Islam is lacking is neither Reformation nor an Enlightenment. Rather, there are two neglected measures that could make Islam sustainable for the future. The model has already been tested in the Christian world.


All of our rights come with responsibilities, something that we often forget.  We need to consider our words, drawings or other forms of communication without fear or giving in to threats, while at the same time weighing the consequences of our words and actions.
Who else bears responsibility for the atrocities in Paris? It was not only the individual terrorists. They were trained, nurtured, supported, inspired and embraced by a murderous philosophy.
Are we not evolved enough to reveal life's hypocrisies without exhorting to gratuitous cruelty and insult, however much the latter may seem part of our birthright?
As some predict that World War III has started in Paris last week, I say I truly hope that these events will actually help us to better understand each other.
In the past weeks Kabul has been shaken by numerous suicide attacks. According to the security situation, armed guards seem to be posted at every corner of the Afghan capital.

We are all in a journey towards change. Greece is definitely in that road of changes and reforms, being through a very difficult period, with severe recession, trying to find its way towards competitiveness and sustainable growth.
Sunday, dozens of world leaders gathered to march with millions of French citizens in honor of the Paris terrorist victims. These are leaders who offered lukewarm assistance when the Nigerian kidnappings took place but won't be traveling to Nigeria to march for freedom anytime soon.

If you thought it was a done deal that U.S. aid to the Palestinians would by cut off in punishment of the Palestinian application to join the International Criminal Court, think again. Opponents of Rand Paul's boneheaded proposal to punish Palestinians for embracing the rule of law just got some powerful reinforcements.
India's covert armed conflict in Pakistan via these terrorist factions is what has surfaced and is being talked about on various platforms, especially after the Peshawar attack. The U.S. Secretary of State, John Kerry who is currently visiting Pakistan will also be provided with proof of this ongoing undercover warfare.
It's difficult to describe just how shocking it is that Maithripala Sirisena, not Mahinda Rajapaksa, is the seventh president of Sri Lanka.

The Darfur region in the west of Sudan was once a focus of extraordinary American civil society activism; there was also once regular international news and human rights reporting from Darfur. None of this is true now.
Violence, war, catastrophes, and the personal affairs of celebrities pass for news these days, but we need more than that. In troubled times like these, the counsel of the wise among us deserve our attention.
Following in the footsteps of Malcolm this year in Africa and the Middle East, I've learned that knowledge, humility, and humor make for great weapons in the fight for freedom.
many, many thousands of French Jews will not wait for another outrage, and a massive wave of Aliyah (immigration) to Israel will be the big story of 2015. An unintended consequence, a defeat to the terrorists, a victory to Israel.
Nations do inane things under panic. Pakistan has chosen to amend its constitution to empower the armed forces to execute \religious terrorists\ without due process and fundamental rights otherwise available under the criminal justice system in civilian courts.
No it's not because the bad guys are strong enough to do whatever they fancy doing, nor because they have the popular backbone that keeps them alive.
Taking a journey through centuries of history in today's Isfahan, you will encounter extremely warm people. Iranian hospitality is phenomenal. From the reception desk at the Abbasi hotel, built by the Sultan Husayn of Safavid some 300 years ago, everybody greets you with warmth.
One doesn't expect the world's leading -- and liberal -- paper to take a stance that goes effectively against a court in a Third World country that's struggling against great historic odds to bring genocidal killers to justice.
Khan and his versatility never fails to impress. PK is one of those movies which no matter how many times one watches, it is bound to enthrall.
For several years now, I've tried to temper satirical criticism of the occasional excess in Russia's political culture with the concern that I'm reducing a complex system of government to the latest installment of News of the Weird.





The recent political witch-hunt against famed Venezuelan opposition legislator Maria Corina Machado reinforces growing concerns that democratic institutions are under concerted attack in the Western Hemisphere.
In Poland in the late 1980s, Polish sociologist Jadwiga Staniszkis began writing about \political capitalists.\ These were colloquially known as \red capitalists\ -- technocrats and enterprise managers who were technically part of the Communist system but had already begun to function like capitalists.
President Obama not only handed Castro a huge propaganda victory, but also created a dangerous precedent by signaling our enemies that major policy concessions can be gained by taking an American hostage.
In summary, if our hearts truly bleed for the dead in Paris, then let's stop throwing out platitudes and flawed logical explanations for the slaughter and instead address the serious problem that the attacks represent -- pure, unrelenting, and unmitigated evil that must be destroyed.
The attack in Paris has presented a much more important problem -- while we continue to discuss the nature of this ongoing conflict, the conflict has come to us. And it has found us unprepared.

Among the extremist connections to terrorist brothers Cheriff, 32 and Said Kouachi, 34 are fellow radical French Algerians as well as those in Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP).
Nothing -- no cartoon, no book, no song -- justifies the kind of shooting rampage that happened in Paris. As Hassen Chalghoumi, the imam of Drancy mosque in Paris says, \These are criminals, barbarians. They have sold their souls to hell.\
Muslims are criticized for being a community, but then asked to react against terrorism as a community. This is called the double bind
Officer Merabet was there to guard Charlie Hebdo.  That is duty.  That is bravery. That is the defense of free speech.  He belongs to a larger France, and a better Europe.
You can see clearly here at least one area where the attackers failed -- instead of dividing different groups of people, they indirectly united them in their condemnation of the horrific assault.
Europe is facing divisive challenges on all fronts. It is being torn within by hardening attitudes toward the growing presence not only of Muslim immigrants, but also of citizens. On Monday, demonstrators thronged the streets of Dresden in support of \Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamization of the Occident.\ On Wednesday in Paris, 12 people were killed, including cartoonists who lampooned the Prophet Muhammad, in the horrific Charlie Hebdo attack.\n\nWhile the euro tumbles, northern and southern Europe are bitterly at odds over austerity policies and continuing high unemployment. And a newly aggressive Russia is challenging European values on its eastern frontier. (continued)\n\nWriting from Berlin, Alexander Gorlach analyzes what is behind rising Islamphobia in Europe.  From Paris, Le Huffington Post editorial director Anne Sinclair pays homage to the slain journalists. \Infidel\ author Ayaan Hirsi Ali warns that we can't let political Islamists define the territory of insult. Akbar Ahmed looks at the long history, and present social conditions, of Muslims in Europe.
The Charlie Hebdo killings, whatever their connections to the current wars in the Middle East, were acts of terrorism that should be handled by law enforcement.
It should be clear after four bloody years in Syria that if we are to make any progress moving forward, it is necessary to shed illusions and fantasies that have shaped too much of the discussion about the conflict.


Notwithstanding the actions taken on December 17, we will not have an effective Cuba policy until these questions about a future Cuban democracy are answered.


Both of these large points are true in general, perhaps to the point of banality. Yet the first is too general and the second too specific. Both conceal real nuances that are important to moving policy discussions forward.


While the driving ban has lit up the Internet, it is only a symptom of a system that is insufficiently responsive to widely-held Saudi opinion on matters of governance. For the Saudi judicial system to show itself to be truly independent, it should support a more open discourse on future social and legal policy in the Kingdom.
In a larger strategic context, our two regions are connected through U.S. global strategy. America's rebalance to East Asia cannot be divorced from events in the Middle East, as they could affect the available strategic assets in East Asia.
Far from being an empty rhetorical effect, Xi Jinping's New Silk Road will not only be one of the most discussed topics of 2015, but it will profoundly mark China's coming decade and reshape Eurasia.
Such solidarity will send a clear message that civil liberties, particularly freedoms of speech and the press, will not be compromised, undermined or intimidated by acts or threats of violence.
This seems like a laundry list of \gives,\ but these are in fact incremental steps -- particularly given that the embargo remains in force -- that will improve the everyday lives of Cubans and their families abroad and begin to thaw relations between the two countries.
Owing to its glaring conventional military inferiority, the Philippines has embarked on an unprecedented journey
The lone American in the trailer leans over the students to study their moves, his Syrian translator practically attached to his hip. The Karam Leadership Program identification card hanging around his neck sways side-to-side as he points out a strategic mistake.

This reported phrase from the Sermon on the Mount aimed at hypocrisy comes to mind as I contemplate the \furious\ reaction of Pakistani officials at the portrayal of their country and their countrymen in the TV series Homeland.
In the sandy dunes of the northern Negev desert between Arad and Be'er Sheva, 130 students who belong to a local Bedouin tribe, study at the Al-Sayed Technological School. The students come from a weak socio-economic background and a great number of students suffer from learning disabilities as a result of inter-family marriages.
It should be mentioned that in response to my protest against massive vote rigging during the first election of the parliament after the Revolution, Khomeini told me in a private conversation that people have no vote whatsoever and that we only conduct such elections in order to close the mouths of Westerners.
After picking up my visa and exchanging some U.S. dollars for kyat I stepped out of the airport into the steam that is Yangon, Myanmar, during the monsoon season.\nA time of year good for photographers to avoid those unsightly tourists that invade a viewfinder during picture taking or worse not seen until the proofs appear on screen.
Not all those heeding Daesh's call are lunatics; some could be diverted by counter-messaging that offers alternatives to violence. Reaching these young men and women might accomplish more than countless air strikes can achieve. This is the true heart of the struggle against violent extremism.
Given the fact that Zhou also happened to be a political adversary of President Xi, and lost a vicious power struggle on the eve of China's leadership transition in 2012, there are lingering doubts about the motives behind sending this \mega-tiger\ (a corrupt top Chinese leader) to jail.
The United States could eventually overcome Jim Crow laws because Washington was stronger than the Deep South. As long as Russia supports the Donbas Deep South -- and that is likely to be for a long time -- Ukraine will be too weak to grant it autonomy or to absorb it.
Is the Russian Ruble becoming financial rubble as consequence of targeting by the U.S. and its allies? The dramatic fall in oil prices and commensurate drop\u00a0in the Russian currency, is this coincidental to broader global economic trends or an orchestrated assault?
2014 was a bad year for children and education.


If Brazil is to make a dent in Africa, it needs to get ahead of the curve. Future economic and demographic projections indicate that African investment opportunities are changing. Foreign policy experts and investors should take note, and plan accordingly.






The Pastaza and Kawapi Rivers in Ecuador come together near the border of Peru.  At their confluence fresh water pink dolphins rise to the surface and nod their heads.   Nearby toucans and parrots land.  These animals and many more are a part of the ecosystem that is as pure and unadulterated as any in the world.
Senator Lindsey Graham, chairman of the Appropriations Committee, which funds U.S. embassies, has said that not a cent will be spent to bankroll the new policy. The U.S. Interests Section in Havana might now be called an \embassy\ but there won't be an ambassador.




Thelma Tun Thein is leaving her life in America behind to return to her native Burma, also known as Myanmar.  She's going back to help people in that long-oppressed country achieve their dreams.
Palestine has set a new benchmark for nations like the Kurds and the Kosovars who see soccer as a key part of their toolbox to achieve statehood with its qualification for this month's Asian Football Confederation (AFC) Asian Cup even if the Palestinian road to statehood is increasingly pockmarked by seemingly insurmountable barriers.

Whether dealing with close U.S. partners or more distant governments, the United States should have the same principled voice for human rights. 2014 was a decent year for change in U.S. policies towards Latin America and the Caribbean. Let's make 2015 a banner year.
Most of the foreign-policy establishment concluded long ago that Washington's policy of hostility toward Havana made no sense, but because Cuba was a low priority issue during Obama's first term, establishment figures rarely spoke out about it -- until they began to sense that the policy was in flux.
Since December 17, Cuba has not been the same. Discussions, questions and expectations have multiplied among us since the announcement from Barack Obama and Raul Castro about the reestablishment of relations between the United States and Cuba.
The project to reenact the performance, but this time in the Plaza of the Revolution, invariably brought back to us memories of that night in the Wilfredo Lam center and the hope that this time the microphones would be open to a larger number of Cubans.
The Castro regime has won, although the positive result is that Alan Gross has emerged alive from a prison that promised to turn into his grave.
Events arrive in fragments, an advance here, a loss there. With no cries of \Long live free Cuba,\ nor uncorked bottles. Life obscures from us this turning point that we would mark forever on our calendars.

Generations of Cubans have grown up under the barrage of official propaganda against the United States. As the words directed against our neighbor to the north became more aggressive, our curiosity only grew.



Membership in the ICC would give Abbas another tacit endorsement of statehood and the ability to wage powerful lawfare. But will this really get Abbas what he ultimately wants? Or better, what does he want?
It's kind of funny, in a not ha-ha way, how twisted the public discourse in the U.S. is, that we even have to defend the proposition that the Palestinians should join the ICC if they want. But we do.
The CIA was never among the world's most trusted global brands, even among U.S. allies, but torture revelations have diminished U.S. claims to moral leadership and reduced its \soft power.\
The reality is, countries are not poor because of how many people they have, they are poor because of economic policies.
Poor governance, marked by rising income inequality, corruption and lack of accountability, additionally challenges the sustainability of Cuba's universal health-care scheme. Havana ranks 75th in the annually-published Global Peace Index, a metric that attempts to quantify effective governance in a variety of sectors, putting it on par with troubled countries like Djibouti, Nepal and Malawi.

We live within the same borders as these unlucky people, perhaps even a few kilometers away from their hell on earth, but as we cross over to the better half of our country, we easily forget the turmoil our personalized war on terror has caused to millions.
Our poor old world lurches from crisis to crisis


If the genocide trial does restart, the role of the international community will be of utmost importance to ensuring a fair process. There is little doubt that there will be strong opposition from conservative elites and from sectors of the military. But the desire for the victims for truth and justice remains steadfast.
Nothing will change until this narrative changes and our mindset which accommodates it changes. Pakistan has to realize that it is its own worst enemy.
Human rights activists should not be deterred by the seemingly large public support for the carrying out of capital punishment. The only way to counter this is for intellectuals and society leaders to take a public stand for what is right.
Fate chose to spare them death, but it has presented them with the challenge of getting on with life thereafter; which was never going to be easy.
The Middle East is one of the world's most strategically significant regions. Stunningly, perhaps, the region does not yet have in place the necessary institutions and mechanisms to discuss and manage, and to prevent and respond to crises. Strategic and visionary leadership is required to reverse the state of the region.
2022 World Cup host Qatar has announced a series of reforms to improve working and living conditions of its majority migrant labour population that address material concerns but fall short of recommendations made in a government-sponsored study and demands of trade union and human rights activists.







How many opportunities will we lose because of our deep-seated paradigms? How many ideas will we brush aside because they're unexpected? Will we be able to discover the grandest possibilities in existence without the influence of other points of view?

Even during the worst of the U.S.S.R. the square was more symbolic than threatening. For the most part no one went to the Kremlin to die. Very different, however, is Lubyanka, just a short walk up Teatralny Proezd past the Bentley and Maserati dealerships.
A new consensus is emerging for the 21st Century
When will the Pakistani masses realize that exploiting Islam to recreate the glory of past Caliphates and to justify the subjugation of religious minorities is based on a supremacist ideology born out of immense inferiority complex and colonial baggage?
A Saudi-led proxy war against Iran playing out in Syria and Iraq has expanded onto the soccer pitch with a last minute decision by the Palestinian national team to cancel a friendly against Iran.
The U.S. is over-burdened militarily and effectively bankrupt financially, but Washington is determined to preserve every base and deployment, no matter how archaic -- such as the many military facilities in Okinawa.

Bethlehem has always loomed large in our imagination. For generations, the feelings evoked by this town have been captured in multiple art forms, serving to inspire both believers and non-believers with its message of hope and the joyful promise of new life.



Another country is seeking to define its own national identity
Enmeshed in a deadly struggle with Russian separatists, many Ukrainians are seeking to fashion their own nationalist ethos.  While that is somewhat understandable, Bandera is a poor model.  Seventy years after the end of World War II, Ukrainians must eschew such symbols and look elsewhere in the search for a national identity.





Now that Crimea is firmly in the Russian column, it is to be hoped that the Kremlin will provide both peoples with as much local autonomy as possible in line with earlier pledges.
Some Christian families started to trickle back following the truce between the regime forces and the rebels but life will never go back the way it was. Most Muslim families were not allowed to return to their homes. This year, Christmas in Homs will have a big void, its Muslim merrymakers.


Never a dull moment in Israeli politics in the best of times, and surely these days, as the politicians and the general public count the days to 17th of March 2015, when the 20th Knesset will be elected.



Once again, the global community is in the rare position of having its eye turned toward this sweeping issue, which at present keeps as many as three-quarters of girls in the country from attending school.

As the year draws to an end, Europe's commitment to its humanitarian values is haunted by an unprecedented number of refugees drowning in the Mediterranean Sea.


Although, it is never too late to get back on the right track, Erdo\u011fan and the current government should see the situation clearly
A 2011 survey of the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics revealed that one-third of women experiencing violence remain silent or seek help from family. Few turn to specialized institutions, and even less to security and justice services.

Moses treads a lonely trail through Ebola barricades to provide psychosocial aid so that these traumatized victims do not become another lost generation.

A Qatari acquisition of Tottenham would no doubt at least temporarily refocus some of the negative reporting on the country. But it could also revive assertions that wealthy Gulf countries are seeking to launder their reputations through soccer acquisition.


Romania has 275 kilometers of Black Sea coastline. The country tries to attract tourists by touting its sandy beaches, temperate climate, spas, and resort hotels. It's tough competition. I met a couple of Romanians who said straight out that they prefer to vacation along Bulgaria's Black Sea coast.

For the most part, ethnic minorities of Transcarpathia have gotten along with each other in recent years, though the area's delicate social balance could be upset by outsiders like Putin and his nationalist right wing allies in neighboring Hungary.
From the report on torture we can draw three lessons. The first is a terrible one, but the other two are encouraging.  The first thing the report teaches us is that it is possible for the most prominent intelligence agency of the world's most powerful democracy to commit torture on a large scale

In any case, Washington's influence is limited

When we asked citizens in Egypt, Tunisia, Jordan, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia and UAE whether they believed the Middle East was better off or worse off as a result of the Arab Spring the responses were largely divided.
Who was Robert Wolfe? Wolfe was the irreplaceable chief archivist for captured Nazi documents at their main repository, the National Archives and Record Administration in Washington, D.C. He died just before dawn this December 10, 2014, at the age of 93. With his death, a legacy also dies.
If you ask me, Obama's action on Cuba was a master stroke, and full of foresight. He has undercut Putin's ability to use Cuba as a pressure point against the U.S. going forward and has, in a single action, transformed a net negative for the U.S. and Cuba into a net positive for its government, people, and businesses.
For anyone who can still see straight, it is obvious that Venezuela won't be able to keep on subsidizing the Castro regime with 100,000 daily oil barrels. Moreover, each day it becomes likelier that there will soon be a major political overhaul in Venezuela, one that, in one way or the other, will spell an end to the island's economic salvation.


Welcome to the latest generation of computer games. They don't so much help you escape reality as insert you back into it at a different angle.

The negative impacts of the ISIL on the construction of a Mediterranean community of peoples can be explained with the following vicious cycle
In 2008 the world was riveted by the economic collapse of Europe as countries plummeted into financial ruin due to deficits out of control.  Particularly hard hit were countries like Greece, Portugal, Ireland, Cyprus, and Spain.

There is no alternative to cooperation. Intensified economic cooperation can play a key role in this respect. Germany and Russia complement each other quite ideally. Each country has what the other needs. Germany has one of the world's most advanced manufacturing sectors, producing a wide range of machinery, plants and goods. And Russia has vast deposits of the natural and mineral resources on which German industry is crucially dependent.




The U.S. government should seek assurances from the Egyptian authorities that independent scholars, and others who may have critical things to say about the policies of the Sisi government, will not be excluded from Egypt on bogus grounds of national security or disingenuous claims about visa regulations.
We still have some time left in 2014, and while I work on a \list\ for 2015, now it's time to take a deep breath, review last year's predictions and see how I did.






In 1990, the issue that catapulted Romania into the headlines in the West, after the rise and fall of Ceausescu, was the country's orphanages. Journalists and foreign health care workers were appalled to discover the condition of babies and children in the many state-run institutions in the country.



In Turkey, the government has sought to drive a wedge between militant fans and other supporters by arguing that e-ticketing was a way to combat illegal ticket scalping, increase tax revenues and ensure that stadia are safe for families.


Someday Russians will be free. Not just from Communism, but also less forms of authoritarianism. Liberation will come only through the Russian people's own efforts, however, not from the West. Only they can make their own future. The day liberty arrives will be the real Russian Revolution.
She made a joke about a beard and the medieval clergy went berserk; apparently they do not have a sense of humor.
Kazakhstan can offer a much more visible contribution to international peace and prosperity. This country needs to be called upon to play a stronger and more active role in the mediation of interests between the United States (U.S.) and the European Union (E.U.), on one side, and Russia and the Middle East, on the other.
The international scope of what Hillary refers to as her \unfinished business\ in Hard Choices goes beyond the perfunctory rhetoric aligning the liberal-conservative spectrum.
NATO's Afghanistan withdrawal renders a generation of Af-Pak jihadists jobless. Many will turn their attention to India.
The Russian people must not be pushed away from Europe.
I am here in Peru to push world leaders to act on climate change at the UNFCCC climate change negotiations but away from the diplomats and the conference centre, I went to listen to the people being directly affected by another area Oxfam works on, land rights.
The Philippines' attempt to haul China to an international tribunal is a problem because it is invoking the very compulsory jurisdiction which China has disavowed since 2006.
Over the past two centuries, standards of living have risen strongly and poverty has been reduced, especially in the more developed world. Cities are much of the difference, as they have attracted rural residents to the jobs made possible by technological advancements.
By stepping off Air Force One on a foggy January morning at Indira Gandhi International Airport in Delhi, President Obama takes the US-India relationship to a new level.



As intensified globalization has increased the spatial distance between Indians, they are thronging towards online platforms that offer a sense of kinship and community. To Indians, both within and outside India, the Internet is an alternative public sphere to hold discourses with those who share a similarity of interests. Social networking sites also offer them a platform to assert their identity, culture and political inclination.
While in some extreme cases schools have to be closed when they are at the center of an outbreak, investing in safe schools -- and the return of pupils to receive regular temperature checks and health education -- may be the best way to combat Ebola's further spread.






Militant, street battle-hardened soccer fans stormed a Cairo stadium in advance of the second leg of crowned Cairo Al Ahli SC's African Confederation Cup final against Ivory Coast's Sewe Sport in a reassertion of the fans' key role in protest against the regime of toppled president Hosni Mubarak.


Ernesto Londo\u00f1o, who authored six editorials on Cuba published recently by The New York Times engaged in a friendly conversation on Saturday with a part of the 14ymedio team, in the hotel where he is staying in Havana.

A radiant light escaped earth when a woman named Efua Dorkenoo, fighting cancer, took her last breath in her husband's arms on October 18, 2014.
Muslims are no different than anyone else, they have the same goals and aspirations as anyone else. Islam is not the problem, and has never been the problem.


This will be the summit that will lay out new policy orientations different from the previous ones that accompanied the wave of revolutions for change in the Arab region.
The day after the elections will be Netanyahu's utmost test of leadership during his entire career. The man knows the world, he knows the US, he understands world economics, so the big question is, can he REALLY be genuine in his push towards new elections?
This is a continuation of my last post, \System Failure,\ addressing the issue of Domestic Violence in Trinidad & Tobago. My hope is that if we persist in shining a light here, refusing to let it be swept under the rug of deliberate ignorance any longer, it will effect some positive change.
It is neither justice nor equality when a U.S. company can evade accountability for the deaths of thousands of people in India.
I went to Erbil, to stand with the people of Iraq, to defend their unique heritage and diversity and to say that this matters - not just for Iraq's future but for all women and men. We must defend the idea of a shared humanity wherever it is challenged. This is our struggle.
This new oil price drop simply is crushing producers' currencies in foreign exchange markets. The combination of the petrodollar losing its ability to act as a store of value, combined now with exchange rate blues, may be the straw that breaks the producer \camel's back\ in respect to OPEC and dollar denomination. Such a moment would seem ripe for Russia and Iran to begin a gradual challenge to Saudi's leadership of the OPEC cartel and to the dollar-denominated energy system, if enough OPEC members and other producers are prepared to rebel. Iran has been lobbying hard in this direction.
When women stand up and defend themselves, it works. Remember -- in 1975, 98% of women were mutilated just like I was. Today, it is 27%. That's 27% too many, but it's also the sign of a revolution. It wasn't handed down on high.
Together, these reforms will improve the quality of our initiatives and our direct participation. They create what in political science circles is known as an \indirect initiative effect\ -- a role for the legislature to foster public comment and active debate, to highlight errors and unintended consequences and fix them, and perhaps to craft policy solutions via legislation.
US involvement in the war in Afghanistan may be coming to an end, but US commitment to improving human rights in Afghanistan should not.
Russia's projected growth of the economy in 2015 will not surpass 1% by even the most optimistic projections. What does Russian leadership do to mend this sinking boat?
The story of the Jewish refugees from Arab lands is little known, but has huge repercussions for today.
If the world community were serious about honoring its commitments as articulated by the UN secretary general, it would move much faster to declare the state continuing a 47-year occupation a pariah state.
Targeted killings remain a useful tactical tool in the kit of counterterrorism strategists. While they cannot be expected in the long run to paralyze a terrorist organization, they often can bring short-term, intense pressure on a successor's operations. They cannot bring an end to terrorism.

I am about to conclude my visit to  Smyrna. I am sitting at my balcony, overlooking the bay. This  was my second visit this year in this beautiful, cosmopolitan and liberal city. I participated as a panelist for the symposium organized by Izmir's Mediterranean Academy.






If this is the most critical public health crisis of our time, it also presents the most compelling ethical challenges for governments, international organizations and international NGOs.
Arabs should be reassured that their concerns are understood by the West. At the same time, the Iranian public needs to see the linkage between their economic woes and their government's nuclear ambitions and foreign policy.
Every strategy toward the DPRK so far seems to have failed.  Anything adopted is likely to be only a second best. However, today even second best would be a major step forward. It's time for Washington to try something different.
President Barack Obama may be forced to move away a little from his policy of non-clarity, because he will not be able to win the war he declared against ISIS as long as he relies on mystery.


The world is more complicated. The knots are somehow knottier. Bringing in a council of concerned citizens to patiently untie the Gordian knot of politics may take longer. But, in the end, consent is mightier than the sword.


Does the situation of present-day Muslim society, marked by crisis, tensions, foreign interventions and political despotism, foster the reformist democratic Islam, or does it promote its violent and theocratic rivals?
On Nov. 18, in Kiev, philanthropist Victor Pinchuk was awarded the Metropolitan Andrey Sheptytsky Medal of Honor by the Jewish Confederation of Ukraine for his contributions to Ukrainian-Jewish understanding and cooperation. What follows is a version of my remarks at the ceremony.

It is the interest of Israel to have Egypt play a significant role in any future settlement with the PA, and clearly to accept it will require a change of the disc also in Jerusalem.
Leading into the Thanksgiving season, something in the bareness of the trees and drop in temperature made me think of my cousin, Roberto Canessa, one of the two \Alive\ survivors that climbed a 14,774-foot headwall to save himself, his friends and, he explained on the phone, his mother waiting in Uruguay.
If the slaughter in the Jerusalem synagogue will make the Palestinian dream of statehood an even more unreachable dream, it will also turn Israel's illusion of the sustainability of the occupation into a nightmare.
Asia has been infected by a silent, healthy virus of modernization. There is a remarkably wide and deep consensus among regional leaders that they should focus on modernization and pragmatic development. Because it is silent, the Western media has not noticed and continues to predict doom.
Afghanistan has changed significantly since the fall of the Taliban, and the ways in which Afghans view themselves and their country continue to evolve.
Too many qualified foreign students are sent home after graduation. Indeed the gap between student and temporary employment visa issuances has widened extensively over the past decade.


Putin's post-Soviet regime may be approaching a crucial tipping point in its level of domestic support. Let's hope that the United States doesn't take his bait, and inadvertently prop him back up by giving him a military enemy to fight against.



I was impressed by the degree of anger, by the overwhelming dissatisfaction with the way things are now, by the unanimity of the clamor for change. I felt that a breaking point will soon be reached.




The government is now afraid to use public force to prevent demonstrators from blockading roads and streets, stealing buses and trucks, ransacking supermarkets and torching government buildings. President Pe\u00f1a Nieto has claimed that his patience has limits, but so far the Ayotzinapa movement appears to have forced him into a corner.
On the same day this week that President Obama announced a measure that could give legal protection to 5 million undocumented immigrants, massive protests raged across Mexico against the impunity and corruption that led to the horrific massacre of 43 students. From Mexico City, Sergio Sarmiento, Elena Poniatowska and Homero Aridjis chronicle the events and ponder what's next. Anthropologist Claudio Lomnitz examines the causes behind Mexico's corrosive impunity. \n\nMeanwhile, as Xin Chunying writes from Beijing, China is also seeking to establish the rule of law through steadily boosting the role of the National People's Congress. While stifling dissent, China's President Xi is taking on both \tigers and flies\ in his no-holds-barred assault from the top down on corruption. \n\nCan China's effort succeed without active public engagement? Can Mexico learn from China and move from angry protest to systemic change? (continued)
The Arab world's next ten years are dominated with uncertainty; the only fact that can be derived out of the current givens is that the best days in this area are behind and today's maps of the main states are liable to serious changes the might see new entities rising and old powers fading.

Turkey has the potential of becoming a significant global power, but to realize that, Erdogan must change course or leave. His arrogance, though, and self-styled piousness will prevent him from doing either and deny Turkey its deserving place to play a constructive role on the global stage.

The program seeks to help first responders better recognize and address gender-based violence and ensure that safety concerns for women are incorporated into disaster-risk-reduction planning and needs assessments.
Supported by UN Women, the Government of Cambodia established a Technical Working Group on Gender and Gender-Based Violence, consisting of key line ministries, civil society organizations and development partners.
It will either be the last battle Palestinians will fight before Israeli Jews take East Jerusalem over. Or it is the first battle of a larger struggle -- in which Jerusalem serves as a magnet for militants from wherever they hail -- Sunni or Shia, secular and Islamist, takfiris, jihadis, or nationalists.


The \war to end all wars,\ as the Great War was called, has instead become a war that has never ended. No single city held more emotional and sacred power in the First World War than Jerusalem, a power that still resonates and still stirs conflict.
Since the first TentEd visit to Kurdistan, a lot has changed in the region so I sat down with its co-founder Zack recently to find out what he sees has been accomplished and what he thinks he can get done with another visit to the region.
James Foley, Steven Sotloff, David Haines, and now Abdul-Rahman Kassig.  Each of these men dedicated their lives to serving the long-suffering Syrian people, either by sharing with the world their stories and exposing the truth as journalists, or to alleviate their suffering as aid workers.
While social problems continue to exist, there is a new storyline emerging from Africa. One that is full of promise and hope. It's about young people eager to learn, who embrace technology, want to start businesses, and take part in international trade.
Ghulam Azam, a war criminal, died in a Bangladeshi prison on October 23 while serving a 90-year sentence.
For a man who is one of the top billionaires in Dubai, Khalaf Al Habtoor should rest easy. He is one of the most respected businessmen in the United Arab Emirates, has become an international figure, and is self-made. But he has more work to do.

With both trade and climate change making news in recent weeks, it is fitting that I just completed my first official trade policy mission as Under Secretary of Commerce for International Trade.

On a recent visit to Europe I was most struck by the latent and open anti-American sentiments that are contaminating the political elites across the continent. This is especially strange in a year when we commemorate  the end of the Cold War.
Over recent weeks the agenda about Asia has been suffused by summit meetings. All interesting, yes, fascinating. But behind the veil a much larger and more captivating issue lurks




The U.S. government has failed to stop the drug trade at home. Washington also has not created a competent, effective, and honest central government in Afghanistan. How effective will Kabul be in limiting opium production when American troops go home?
An ethnic map of Romania explains a great deal about the relations between the majority and the minorities in Romania. Ethnic Hungarians have an absolute majority in two counties -- Harghita and Covasna -- in the very heart of the country.


Earlier this week 13 women died in Chhattisgarh in central India. They died after undergoing sterilization in a high-volume, low-cost \mass production\ type campaign commonly termed \surgical camp.\
The more the name of Sinai can be reclaimed and coupled with positive associations and the more things might begin to change for its local Bedouin communities, whose livelihoods and name have suffered through misinformed narratives about the Sinai for too long.

It takes a strong state, not (to paraphrase Hillary Clinton) a democratic village, to aggressively fight climate change. This is the inconvenient message emerging in the wake of the Xi-Obama deal on global warming announced in Beijing this week. \n\nBoth leaders will pursue executive action to fulfill their pledges. As Kerry Brown writes, Xi's decision is binding within China because a long process of consultation and consensus building within the Communist Party stands behind it. What Obama can do is up for grabs. No sooner did the pledge escape his lips than the incoming Republican majority leaders in the U.S. Congress make their own pledge to block Obama by any means necessary.  \n\nIn The WorldPost this week, World Bank president Jim Yong Kim writes that the landmark Xi-Obama agreement is not only good for the environment, but also for the economy. Environmentalist Bill McKibben parses out \what the deal is, and what it isn't.\ (continued)








When we first met 23 years ago, Wojciech Waligorski worked for a newspaper devoted to sobriety. He updated me on the state of alcoholism in Poland. We also talked about the impact of former Communist officials, the role of religion in \u0141owicz, and what people expect from a local newspaper.

This is not the first time that Manuel Valls has proposed changing the name of the French Socialist Party. That he has returned to the subject from the vantage point of his present position -- which is, like it or not, the head of the majority -- obviously gives his suggestion new weight.
While business and trade promotion may not correspond to our desire for bald action in favor of democracy and human rights, they do, however, represent a fundamental step toward them. But most of all -- differently from bombs -- they can contribute to restore the US's most powerful tool of all
The second target of the U.N. Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), agreed upon in 2000 by world leaders and set to expire next year, is to \ensure that by 2015, children everywhere, boys and girls alike will be able to complete a full course of primary schooling.\ So, how far are we now?
It's hard to believe now that three decades have rolled by since Prime Minister Indira Gandhi of India was assassinated in her own garden in New Delhi by two Sikh bodyguards. India changed forever on that day.
There are many things the U.S. can do to help degrade and destroy ISIS, as President Obama claims as his goal. But letting ourselves get buried deeper into the middle of this centuries-old sectarian morass should not be one of them.
What rapidly came to be called the \Great War\ was widely understood not just as a \world\ war but also as an \epochal\ moment in world history. It was the first \total war\ in which entire nations and peoples could be organized toward the waging of war.




On November 9, 1989, I was an exchange student in Sc.Po., Paris. Packed with 2000 fellow students in the Institute's amphitheater, we were listening to a conference about unrest in Eastern Europe.


Though the Wende, or \Change,\ freed the East German people from over forty years of Stalinist dictatorship, remembering the forgotten side of German unification -- when right-wing hooligans waged thousands of attacks on defenseless foreigners -- provides a cautionary tale of failed leadership.

The European Union demonstrates a way forward

Conflicts in faraway places matter in various ways to the United States. These conflicts matter because we recognize that violence within any particular country can quickly cause national and regional instability, displacing millions of people, upending markets.


Bloodshed in Europe and the Middle East against the backdrop of a breakdown in the dialogue between major powers is of enormous concern. The world is on the brink of a new Cold War. Some are even saying that it's already begun.


Of all the faces that circulate on the illegal information networks, there is a very serene and well-known one that has been with us for decades.
The world is at a tipping point. Twenty-five years after the fall of the Berlin Wall and the ensuing rise of China and other emerging economies, fragile institutions -- the Asia Pacific Economic Community summit taking place in Beijing and the G-20 in a few days in Brisbane -- are trying to hold the links of peace and prosperity together.
I, as a practicing Muslim, hear these very brave, very resilient voices echo in a well, cyclically, in the asphyxiating, verging-on-blind bigotry of the confines of that hallowed institution called the court of law in a Muslim country called Pakistan.
The Republican-dominated Congress intends to rob Obama of the means to achieve a legacy, which Obama plans to weave through the nuclear negotiations with the Islamic Republic of Iran.
The Fall of the Wall in 1989 wasn't this generation's emotional joint \German\ experience; more probably, the FIFA World Cup 2006 was.
There have been large and protracted actions defined as battles that have lasted weeks, months, or years. But if we want to narrow the definition of \battle\ to be defined as a single uninterrupted moment of conflict, then September 12, 1683 is a strong contender.
Databases may be defaming you without you even knowing it.
The two countries are expected to account for the largest demand of energy resources between now and 2035, according to a report by BP, and have been working diligently to secure new sources of energy.
Without question, a central tool in the fight to contain and drive out the scourge of Ebola is the digital communications infrastructure.
Far from leading America to a future of energy independence, the fracking boom has locked the country into a high-cost game.



Rules that were devised for this in the 1920s and 1930s are no longer suitable for today's international integration of economic processes and corporate structures. They need to be adapted to the economic reality of digital services.



The first war of nationalist extremism in East-Central Europe in the post-1989 era could easily have been in Romania, not Yugoslavia. Before conflicts between Serbs and Croats escalated into violence, ethnic Hungarians and ethnic Romanians squared off against each other.










The UN AIDS agency estimates there are 132 million orphans -- children younger than 18 who have one parent dead. Thirteen million have neither parent alive.
Bibi is many things, not all positive by any means. But, to demonize so accomplished a man leading a democratic state in a region teeming with radical terrorist and fundamentalist groups is much worse than merely attempting to discredit him by making all these ad hominem attacks.
The savagery of ISIS, the slaughterhouse of Syria's civil war, the marauding militias in Libya and the restored autocracy in Egypt have devoured the hopes of the Facebook generation that spawned the Arab Spring. In Tunisia alone the spirit of the Jasmine Revolution still flowers. \n\nWhile the character of Tunisian society and culture has much to celebrate with its success, including just-completed peaceful elections that favored the main secular party, there is another factor
In a time of monumental change in the MENA region, people continue to seek hope through better opportunity.

The silent Intifada that is taking place today in Jerusalem is one result of the Israeli policy of denying Palestinians their rights and refusing to include Jerusalem in serious talks.

The dispute over the nature of Dalkurd's support for Kobani raises the question of what the border line is, if there is one, between humanitarian and political aid to groups in distress as a result of conflict as well as the double standards applied by some Western nations.

As we know, there are many businesses set up by mainland interests in Hong Kong. They just have to appoint a dummy who is a Hong Kong permanent resident to go and vote on their behalf for the representative of their choice.
Forging universal attachment to a multi-ethnic Bosnian state will not be easy, but the stakes for the West are high. Any attempt at division of Bosnia and Herzegovina would restart civil war and radicalize the heretofore secular Muslim community, raising the specter of an Islamist country in the heart of Europe.


It is time for the international community to roll up its sleeves and get to the business of deciding the world's new development agenda, known as the Post-2015 Agenda, the successor to the Millennium Development Goals which expire at the end of next year.
Peace and security are the requisite conditions for social and economic development, which in turn is closely linked with development of democracy and respect for human rights. Without security, democracy and respect for human rights, there will be no economic development.
Regardless of whether or not it can be considered the Kidnapping Capital of the U.S.A., Phoenix has become a hub for illicit activity, with the state serving as the largest drug gateway into America.
By ignoring all these legitimate reasons for Turkey's failure to win the Security Council seat, Foreign Minister Cavusoglu falsely attributed his country's defeat to its reluctance to abandon \its values for the sake of getting more votes.\
A debacle of a football match between Serbia and Albania has triggered a new wave of Balkan political tensions that deepens a traditional gap between the two nations whose historical collision has become an inseparable part of Balkan identity.












Mounting tension between Israel and Palestinians on the occupied West Bank and in East Jerusalem have spilt on to Israeli Palestinian soccer pitches in Israel proper as Israel swings towards ultra-nationalists that make Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu look like the best card in a bad hand.




When Mark Zuckerberg spoke in Mandarin, no matter how deformed his tones, no matter how American (and non-Chinese) his phrasing of thoughts, no matter how obviously rehearsed the Q&A interactions, the most important communication was embodied in Mr. Zuckerberg's effort itself.


As the Tunisian elections are scheduled to take place next Sunday, political groups and parties are gearing up for a battle they described as \transformative moment\ in the history of Tunisia.



Why engage in all of those strike operations if Kobani is not an integral part of the strategy, as John Kerry said last week?

Listening to Mrs. Kim Hye-sook share the horror of life as an inmate in one of North Korea's notorious political prison camps at a packed event at the UN earlier yesterday, it was hard not to be affected by the brutality that defined her life for nearly three decades.
China has become the world's second biggest economy in the past 30 years, but has failed to grow into a state under the rule of law.


\Knowledge will defeat ignorance, and compassion will triumph over despair.\
Under the very obvious and serious health issues facing the country is an equally troubling and broad set of concerns that are deeply impacting the local Sierra Leonean economy and the rest of the region.
No matter which country I report from across the Middle East and Africa, unemployment almost always tops the conversation, often trumping all other grievances that dominate headlines.

As Rome (or at least Kobani) burns and faces the very real threat of a Srebrenica-style massacre, it is time for the US to stop fiddling and entertain the idea of putting small groups of US troops into the fray to empower our Kurdish peshmerga, Free Syrian Army and Iraqi government allies.

Addressing a public program in New Delhi today, Foreign Minister of Mexico, Dr. Jose A. Meade Kuribrena, pushed for reforms in the United Nations Security Council, in an oblique indication of support to India's bid for a permanent seat in the international forum.







With the possibility that the Chibok girls will go free soon, we must intensify our efforts for the wider global goal that every girl has the chance to be at school, safe and free from violence.





The key to untangling this mess and creating a series of tactical and strategic responses is to understand one basic truth



As the votes come in next Sunday, leaders across all sectors should take note of the opportunities that this election offers and discern the best steps to work with either administration.

Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan will not compromise on the conditions he set out to President Barack Obama, for entering as a direct party to the war on ISIS.
U.S.-led airstrikes aimed at ISIS are being met with resistance in Syria. Some ask why it took the death of U.S. journalist James Foley for Washington to intervene.
The absence of real reformation has paved the ground for the re-Islamisation process and the rise of political Islam, and from its womb ISIS.
The success or failure of the open-ended American military intervention in Iraq and Syria will not be apparent for years, yet there is one area where the US mission has already yielded improvements
The lack of credible information from official security sources and unresolved past conflicts has helped to trigger a low in the national morale. Nigerians largely feel that they are not getting the answers that they need, so they are creating or finding ways to get them.
President Obama and Premier Li Keqiang


The challenge is for every Filipino to ask ourselves - \Am I subconsciously limiting myself by blinding following culture norms?\ \Am I robbing myself of exponential growth because I think of others highly and belittle my personal strengths?\


Whether ISIL fighters are \brain-washed\ or self-inculcated via the internet, the ISIL brand of radical Islam is turning men into remorseless killers.
Gone is the rose-tinted vision of Israel as an island of democracy in a sea of irrational and violent Arabs. Gone is the belief that Israel wants to negotiate, if only it could find a partner to talk to. Gone, too, is the notion that there is symmetry in this conflict.

The lack of security force reform in Bahrain has been a source of political unrest in the kingdom for years, and although parts of the U.S. government have tried to push for human rights progress the messages from Washington have been inconsistent and contradictory.

If donors want to finally contribute to a just and lasting peace, then they need to take a more balanced approach that includes inviting Hamas into the political process and holding Israel accountable for its actions.
Passage will send a message that the world is paying attention to their plight and recognizes their rights. It will also provide an incentive to those in the Palestinian leadership who have embraced a non-violent, diplomatic strategy to securing their rights.



ISIS is on the verge of occupying Kobani, the Kurdish city on the Syria-Turkey border. The UN Special Envoy warns that up 700 people, mainly elderly, will \most likely be massacred.\ Kurdish fighters desperately need arms and ammunition to stave off the ISIS onslaught.

Of course I was not a looter, the CNN camera makes all rebels into looters by definition. But my historical battle was that of yet another Balkan looting raid, against one's own parents and history. Not one Balkan war was ever won with clean hands.
Bill Maher's been busy telling the world about the poor treatment of women by Muslims, bringing up female genital mutilation or FGM as evidence. And Reza Aslan did an admirable job correcting his many misconceptions.



The Prince Nasser ruling does not spell the end of the immunity system, but it curtails it. The government can still offer immunity to diplomats posted to embassies or to those on a \special mission\ who come for official meetings.


While peace talks are frozen, settlement expansion marches on, threatening Israel's security and international standing and the rights and aspirations of Palestinians, and giving new fuel to the Boycotts, Divestment and Sanctions Movement. Hence the importance of emphasizing this issue at this time.

More and better development assistance is needed for the least developed and fragile states. More development assistance should go to the countries most in need.
As the campaign hurdles toward October 26, here's to hoping either Dilma or A\u00e9cio will make good on their promise to answer the deafening calls for change.

The leading political lights in Europe -- Messrs. Hollande, Valls and Macron in France and Mr. Renzi in Italy -- are raising a big stink about fiscal austerity. They don't like it. And now Greece has jumped on the anti-austerity bandwagon.




Most of us have at least heard something about the fate of Iraq's Christians. Or of those in captivity due to blasphemy laws in Pakistan. But who has heard of the persecution of Rohingya Muslims in Burma, atheists in Saudi Arabia or Hindus in Bangladesh?

As columnist Nicholas Kristof wrote
Thanks to the good folks and diligent researchers at the National Security Archive--a research organization at George Washington University--Americans will now be able to add another placeholder for the former Secretary of State

Simply put, without the right to work and to earn a living, the idea of asylum as a \safe haven\ is not complete.
Until the last minute I didn't believe it would happen. As we wound our way up the dark, mountain road into the hills outside of Port-au-Prince, I didn't know what to expect.  I had read that Baby Doc lived on Montagne Noir, but we weren't headed in that direction.






The status of women in Romanian society has seen both improvements and setbacks over the last two decades. Accession to the EU initially brought advances, as the country had to meet European standards on equality. But some of those advances were short-lived.










Singapore meant a new life and in turn new ways of life. For the first time, David experienced a multicultural, multiracial and multireligious society, peacefully coexisting with each other. It was in Singapore that David observed, as a teenager, that minorities were at par with everybody else.
Protecting Islam was his first pledge when Ashraf Ghani took leadership in Kabul yesterday.
A marauding misogynist Taliban in the style of Islamic State is not a fantasy, and the Security Council could envision such an outcome with a resolution that would surely garner a wide consensus of support.
There is no practical solution to the Russo-Ukrainian war. The most one can hope for is to \freeze\ it and thereby transform hot war into cold war between Russia and Ukraine and between Russia and the West. Cold war may not be the West's optimal solution, but, while inconvenient for everyone, it will be infinitely preferable to a hot war.

Many things have changed in Tunisia since the revolution. There is greater room for freedom. Everybody can express their opinions. But there is nevertheless one constant that hasn't altered one iota
The new, preliminary report on the Sept. 14, 2014, elections in Russia, prepared by the independent Russian electoral rights group Golos, describes in bewildering detail how vote manipulation is carried out. In St. Petersburg, it says, \all known illegal techniques were used\ against opposition and even rival pro-government candidates.
Palau is small, but its plans are big. President Tommy Remengesau, Jr. has colossal plans for his small island nation of 21,000 people. By creating the world's largest marine sanctuary -- the size of France -- he has deemed Palau's waters to be 80 percent protected.
Despite its undoubtedly revolutionary and here to stay nature of the shale gas, it has yet to reach out to emerging markets like G20 member countries such as Turkey, South Korea.




Leaders from 180 countries gathered last week at the United Nations, as the bombing in Syria begins. Confusion reigns.
Until Turkish mainstream political parties fully embrace democratic values, Turkey's future becomes an uncertain one. Turkey may find itself going down the path of Russian style expansionism, or falling prey to religious extremism.
Animal agriculture is responsible for producing more climate change gases than every car, boat, bus, truck, motorcycle and airplane on the planet. Combined.




Next year will see the 50th anniversary of the creating of Singapore, widely hailed as one of the most successful of the Asian tigers. In that short space of time, the tiny nation state has grown into one of the world's largest financial cities.

While all eyes are on Syria and Iraq, another intervention is taking place in Yemen. The coalition involved here is more of an understanding than a military pact, but it is proving to be just as effective.


Western sanctions are harming the Russian economy, but that doesn't mean they will achieve anything the West wants in Ukraine.










The international community is correctly determined to reverse the rise of ISIL by force. But ultimately armed conflict, counterterrorism and law-enforcement are insufficient to reverse the tide of violent extremism.

This is not a conscious leadership. This is a classically reactive policy. If only the U.S. president would rise up to the level of challenges with a comprehensive strategy rather than tactics that keep him trapped in the \in-between\ box.

The National Geographic Enduring Voices Project has just launched two new \Talking Dictionaries\ for Yokoim and Panim, two small and endangered languages making their internet debut in 2014.
Critics have expressed legitimate concerns about U.S. conspiracy law, saying it's too easy to convict some people accused of low-level terrorist assistance and sentence them to hard time in highly restrictive prisons. But the claim that the U.S. prison system gives terrorists rights that ought to be reserved for U.S. citizens is simply impossible to support.
In a speech that was supposedly aimed at promoting Turkey's interests, Erdogan came off as a defensive and suspicious man, who sees conspiracies everywhere and feels misunderstood by everybody and thinks he is threatened from all sides.



Let us send a clear and unequivocal signal that failure to act will have consequences at the ballot box for politicians and for the bottom line of businesses. If leaders are unwilling to lead when leadership is required, people must.
As we mark the end of another year with the advent of Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish New Year, we pause to take stock of the year that has passed, to learn from ourselves, our experiences and our mistakes as we move forward to build a better future.
Agnes Gagyi has followed in the footsteps of her parents to become a critical intellectual. We talked about the rise and fall of extreme nationalism in Transylvania, the arrival of NGOs in Romania, the roots of the new populism in Hungary, and the emergence of the Fourth Republic.
In a society with such great economic distortions, paper money has lost the capacity to express the value of merchandise. The illegal market, the massive inflow of remittances, the diversion of resources and the invisible capital of one's political standing, completely alter the valuation of each product.



By any yardstick, the conflicts of the Middle East are not being well managed. Three states have failed - Iraq, Syria and Libya - two of these as a consequence of Western intervention. Other states like Yemen are tottering.
The Openly Secular coalition hopes to eliminate the social costs of coming forward. It is lamentable that people fear they are risking their jobs, businesses and personal relationships, simply through being true to who they are.






The aid response in the western Burmese state has been tricky since two bouts of communal violence between Rakhine Buddhists and the minority Rohingya Muslims in June and October 2012 resulted in more than 140,000 people -- mostly Rohingyas -- being forced to flee to camps.
I'm not one of those who scoffed at the President, a few weeks back, when he told reporters that he had not yet developed a strategy to confront ISIL -- the precursor to IS. Despite the rants of critics on the right, I want my President to spend time developing a strategy.
People often mistakenly get the impression that modern economists care deeply about individual choice. Instead, robots are increasingly used to supersede human choices.
The arrest In June of 25-year old Ghoncheh Ghavami together with more than a dozen other women as they tried to enter a stadium where the Iranian national men's team was playing Italy was first disclosed earlier this month by The Guardian.
The U.S. government believes that, as the inheritor of tsarist Russia and Soviet Union, Russia has expansionist and hegemonic traditions that China doesn't have. It believes Russia always has policies that challenge and attempt to supplant the existing international order while China doesn't. In many circumstances, China sees itself as a beneficiary of the current international order.
This is not about a clash of ephemeral political parties that you may not have heard of in a country far away. This is about a timeless issue of standing up to bullies who exert power simply because of their stature. This is about knowing in your heart what is inherently right.

The United Nations must condemn the attacks against women as war crimes to the full extent, and direct that ISIS fighters be prosecuted in International Criminal Court. This, too, is an international outrage. These actions are not only achievable, but long overdue.
Preparation for game day is neither exciting nor easy. It requires an intense amount of study and if not built on a solid foundation of analysis, can quickly lose focus and become reactive.
The success of the political landscape of the Philippines is contigent upon how we can move the populace out of poverty and bring them to the educated middle class with power and decision making.
ISIS, in short, is as Wahhabist -- or more so -- as the Saudi King, Abdullah. There is here, surely, a delicious irony in Obama and Kerry taking upon their shoulders the task of seeking the \delegitimization\ of the very doctrine from which the Saudi kingdom is derived. The only upholder of \true Islam\ and custodian of Mecca happens to share the \same\ Islam as ISIS. How can King Abdullah then denounce it? And how could any Muslim, familiar with the issues, take any such denunciation -- were it to be made -- seriously?


Weathering the future under the shelter of the UK or setting hope on their own strengths as a small country under the European umbrella, for the first time in centuries there is a real choice which road to take.
Were the PA to join the ICC and initiate a case against Israel, it would be adhering to a strategy long advocated for by Palestinian civil society to use mechanisms of popular pressure -- legal action, boycotts, protests -- to advance national aims.
The events of the last several months have revealed fundamental failures of the state

Shared prosperity is not achievable if we are not able to include those people at the larger bottom in the process of growth. From the perspective of the world development community, proportion of inequality may matter less than inclusion of the people left behind.

On September 18, Scots will go to the polls and decide whether to remain part of the UK. The debate has mostly focused on economics, with banking, oil and debt dominating the discourse. Largely absent from the discussion has been international affairs.
What provoked Putin early in November 2013 and later in February 2014 was not Ukraine-NATO integration, but rather EU accession. If anything, serious discussions of Ukraine's NATO membership in 2014 began after (not prior to) Russia's aggression against Ukraine.
On Tuesday, Uganda's Minister for Foreign Affairs Sam Kutesa assumes his responsibilities as President of the 69th Session of the United Nations General Assembly.
How Modi navigates between a number of adverse currents -- tensions between Japan and China, between Japan and Korea, between China and Vietnam -- will determine the extent to which Asia will play a role in shaping international relations over the next few decades.
Some of these are well known like those in the Basque Country, Catalonia and Flanders.  Others are much more surprising -- for example, hands up if you really knew about the Venetian and Bavarian independence movements?





I was one of the six Americans selected to live and work in the Soviet Union in the fall of 1974. I was 25 years old. And I went with a sense of youthful idealism, believing that such person-to-person contact could help ease tensions between nations.
Palestinian soccer clubs and non-governmental organizations have called on European soccer governor UEFA to this week shy away from awarding Israel the right to host the 2020 UEFA European Championship.




The Creative Community for Peace was born officially yesterday with a full-page ad in the New York Times calling the \arts (to be) used to build bridges of peace\ in Israel and Palestine, and perhaps the world.








President Barack Obama has a precious opportunity to carve out a legacy for himself and carry out a coup against the reputation of weakness, repudiation and retreat that has dogged and haunted him.
The Indonesian stock market has just hit a record high on the hope that the incoming President, Joko Widodo, will push through economic reforms. But, what path should he follow?
Such viciousness against innocents exposes ISIL's blatant rejection of the most basic progress we have made as a community of nations and the universal values that bind civilization.
Despite many pressures on the body to take some sort of decisive action to counter the Russian threat to Ukraine -- beyond sanctions already instituted -- the 28 NATO countries agreed to make only a few limited measures on Ukraine, but mainly focused on strengthening their own security interests.

Decades of entrenched autocratic mismanagement and abusive rule in the Middle East and North Africa cannot be erased overnight. Similarly, they cannot be reversed by foreign intervention.


Even though the U.S. has downplayed the threat posed by Al Qaeda, Prime Minister Narendra Modi would be wise to take this particular instance more seriously. Unlike previous saber rattling by Al Qaeda or even Pakistan, this latest threat is more dangerous because of its timing and agenda.




Iran cannot be considered a credible -- or desirable -- partner in Iraq, and they control Baghdad. That makes Baghdad, strategically, an adversary.
It had been a hot August day. I managed to get my passport stamped by the Turkish authorities, and head to the bus loading area, where I would begin my journey back home, into Syria.
The Israeli military claims that roof-knocking was an effective method of warning to avoid harm to civilians. These knocks, however, do not reflect the soft tones the nickname implies.
We have seen a large number of atrocities, such as the beheading of journalists, mass killings, the selling of children into slavery as well as the sexual exploitation of women throughout ISIL lands -- all of which will persist and worsen without action.



What we are witnessing is the inevitable day of reckoning between a sclerotic centralized bureaucracy and a runaway free enterprise economy that lacks stabilizing institutions to curb excessive behavior.

What if we could bring a broad range of these personalities in the Muslim world together for an event celebrating diversity while showcasing unity, strength, and peace?

The U.S. is trying to win a war for the hearts and minds of Africa.  But a Pentagon investigation suggests that those mystery projects somewhere out there in Djibouti or Ethiopia or Kenya or here in Tanzania may well be orphaned, ill-planned, and undocumented failures-in-the-making.





I was sitting in a caf\u00e9 in Bratislava, having a final cup of coffee and picking up my email before boarding a train for Budapest. I was in a hurry, so I wasn't paying much attention. But then one of the guys came over to my table.


On Friday, Russia's Federal Security Service (the FSB) kidnapped an Estonian intelligence officer at gunpoint, using a smoke bomb and jamming Estonian radio communications. Moscow later claimed it had captured a spy.








Surprisingly, there are some voices, on both sides of the Atlantic, who are advocating, as a possible option, teaming up with the Assad regime to attack ISIS.
Krisna Upadhyaya and Gundev Ghimire, British nationals of Nepalese origin, vanished in Doha as they were about to leave for the airport. They were in Qatar to investigate labour rights on behalf of the Global Network for Rights and Development (GNRD), a Norway-based group with alleged links to the UAE.


There was one round of debate in the legislative chamber before the measure's final approval, and apparently all those who participated in the exchanges were pleased and satisfied with the final language. Hmm, not so fast. I'd like a shot at amending the bill.





Al Qaeda's (AQ's) declaration that it is starting a franchise in South Asia is no surprise at all, given the sheer number of Muslims in the region, and that it is being eclipsed by the Islamic State (IS) in the headlines.

This label insinuates that their primary concern is reaching the best outcome for the state of Israel. The irony is that sometimes the most so-called \Pro-Israel\ people are those who are advocating for policies that hurt Israel.
Nothing could provide better poetic justice than ISIS's looming reality of facing the might of a female-fronted army on the ground as they battle it out for the soul of Iraq.

The greatest challenge for America as it builds for the future, however, is figuring out how to get the most out of two crucial determinants of competitiveness that are currently in short supply
With Recep Tayyip Erdogan now sworn in as Turkey's new President, his successful efforts to prolong his rule after two terms as Prime Minister have observers comparing his popularity to that of Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, the founder of modern Turkey.
This dangerous 21st century will be safer if the West is strong together. A strong West means a strong and legitimate NATO built on strong and credible armed forces. Wales is the place and the time to act.  It is also the place and the time for NATO to be radical. NATO needs to rediscover a shared level of ambition that has been notably lacking of late, something which Moscow has been all too happy to exploit.
Abu-Adil, my source within IS, sees all of us as unfaithful. The man at the dinner party. My friends in Stockholm. The journalist in Turkey. To him we are all infidel pigs, and we shall either convert, pay religious taxes, die och flee.
Rockets fired. Retaliation ensues. A shaky peace follows and we are back at another round of negotiations in the stop-and-start cycle of ceasefire in the Israel-Gaza confrontation.  As talk turns back to how to re-start the broken peace process, even as Israel claims fresh territory in the West Bank, let us consider something radically different.





Just as the democratic world must be vigilant about the evils that lurk, so, too, it must never lose its capacity to envision and strive for still more leaps forward.
In every one of these cases, there is an answer. There is someone in these governments who knows where these people are or what happened to them.

Unable to persuade Qatari leaders to drop their support for the Muslim Brotherhood and other Islamist groups, Saudi Arabia appears determined to deprive its tiny neighbor of its regional soccer supremacy.


Land disputes between peasants and large landowners in Honduras go back decades. Agrarian reform has been perhaps the most contentious issue for any Honduran government to deal with since the 1950s and 1960s, and certainly the biggest challenge.

According to Domingo Orellana, who was one of the men who first discovered Mrs. Murillo's body, said, \About four months ago, Margarita had been named president of our group, and we have no idea who could have murdered her.\








Now is the time for the West -- whether NATO, the United States, or individual European states --to provide or sell the high-tech weaponry Ukraine needs to defend itself effectively. The argument against such a move -- that it would provoke a Russian escalation--is no longer valid, now that Russia has escalated. A well-armed Ukraine could stop Putin from embarking on any of these more alarming scenarios.
Our moral test, even under these circumstances, is to continue to distinguish between enemies and innocents. Every time a child in Gaza dies it breaks my heart. They are not Hamas, they are not the enemy, they are just children.
Successful global urbanization could lead to a profoundly-changed world in just a few decades, where age-old human problems of extreme poverty, famine, disease and conflict would be greatly alleviated -- if not eradicated.
The impeachment of Iranian Minister of Science Reza Faraji Dana by the conservative-dominated Iranian Parliament on August 20 has been a key event for both sides -- a slip in the political tectonics that could yield seismic waves throughout the country's political landscape.

Small Island Developing States share many similar social, economic and environmental challenges, including relatively small populations, limited land resources, vulnerability to natural disasters and external shocks, as well as high food import bills and an excessive dependence on foreign trade.

Damascus is calling for internationalization as an opportunity for its rehabilitation. It wants to lure President Barack Obama to Syria as part of the war on terror, while ISIS is seeking to lure the American president to the Syrian and Iraqi arenas at the same time.


Vladimir Putin appears steadfast in his determination to reclaim large sections of Ukraine -- in particular its industrial heartland -- through intimidation and violence, while denying any but humanitarian involvement there. This raises the question
Let's hypothesize a theater of solitude


Palestinians must agree on the goals, the methods of accomplishing them and a willing public. This is the only way strategies will produce the desired goals for the Palestinian
So far, medical personnel have been the primary beneficiaries of the drugs; will patients in the gravest danger receive drugs, or will those with the best likelihood of survival be the first to receive the serums? Discussions are beginning, but an immediate distribution plan for the use of these drugs is imperative.
It has been quite an eventful summer, and not in a good way. It seems as if the world is falling apart, even in parts of the world that are leading democracies, like us right here in the U.S. Most feel helpless and frustrated when we watch the news, and wish we could do more to stop the chaos.
Various forces bigger than ourselves -- perhaps most of all marketing and pop culture - shape our goals without us realizing it, guiding our lives for us, often in directions that, were we to think about it, we would want to resist. Life becomes, for instance, a series of consumer decisions based on our preferences for this or that experience, or a mad race for some vaguely-defined \success.\


Manuel Zelaya's punishment has already been doled out. Okay, he didn't come out too badly scathed in the end, but the Nationalists sure came out far better than they could have ever dreamed.






Hungary has a rich tradition of environmental activism, from the anti-dam campaigns of the 1980s to the nature conservation efforts of the post-Communist period. It has also seen the rise and fall of a number of Green parties, including the most recent, Politics Can Be Different (LMP).

We must not overlook the longer-term needs that will grow out of a refugee crisis of this scale caused by a conflict with no resolution on the horizon.

Nigeria is the greenest populous country in the world, but it is so entirely by accident. We fuel a population north of 170 million -- the seventh largest in the world -- on an available installed grid electricity generation capacity of fewer than 6GW.





For the Middle East, ISIS represents a past that it desperately wants to leave behind.
The roots of Argentina's delusion of grandeur and European-ness may be in the beliefs of Argentina's 19th century elites who were, indeed, fantastically wealthy, although nobody else was.







In terms of economic growth, Kerry focused on negotiations over the sweeping, 12-nation Tans-Pacific Partnership free trade agreement, or TPP. Negotiators had hoped to conclude a TPP agreement a number of months ago, but progress on the complex pact has slowed since then.
Your passion for defending Israel is clearly as great as your passion for acting. However, behind your passion is a view of Israel's history and current actions that are utterly at odds with the actual history and present-day realities in the country. They are simply dead-wrong.




Isolationist America's foreign policy and standing in the world has been further emasculated in the process. Conservative political pundits in the U.S. criticize President Obama for failing to act in a more decisive manner to stem the tide. They remain delusional in their belief that anything the U.S. can do will make a difference.


Keeping to his credo of \don't do stupid sh*t,\ President Barack Obama sent in fighter planes to prevent ISIS from its genocidal assault on fleeing Yazidi refugees in northern Iraq, while also making it clear that the U.S. can just do so much. Only \inclusive\ and \non-maximalist\ governments in the Middle East, not deeper American intervention, he said in interviews this week, can ever stabilize the region. Peter Galbraith hailed this move against genocide as \The Obama Doctrine.\ Adel Guindy, an Egyptian Copt leader, called on the UN to live up to its pledge of \never again\ to protect religious and ethnic minorities persecuted by those practicing ISIS' brand of Sunni fundamentalism. And WorldPost Middle East Correspondent Sophia Jones recounted the harrowing stories of Yazidi families that found their way to the Turkish border. (continued)
Containing and defeating the expansion of ISIS may require traditional security and military techniques. However, it will be the efforts of empowered wives, daughters, and sisters who can influence husbands, brothers, and sons to resist ISIS or similar extremist groups in the future.
If there was ever a J.R.R. Tolkien moment in the Libya conflict, it has arrived.  The forces of good and evil are fighting the future of Libya.
The Khalifa story is a complex one indeed, worth making into a Hollywood movie. So many world capitals and celebrities are involved that it might be in everybody's best interest to keep the entire story under lock and key.


I write this with great sorrow for civilians hurt on both sides. Sorrow for our soldiers who have fallen in this operation, and sorrow for the future of my country and the entire region. I know that as I write, soldiers like me have fired shells into Gaza. They had no way of knowing who or what they would hit. Faced with so many innocent casualties, it is time for us to state very clearly

Misinformation and misunderstanding along with superstition about Ebola abound. The virus is not airborne. According to medical experts, it spreads through contact with the body fluids of an infected individual or the body of a deceased victim.
Attila Ledenyi was one of the early shapers of Fidesz. He was in charge of international relations in the organization's early years. He's quick to remind me, when we met last May after 23 years, that Fidesz wasn't a political party in those early years.
Our hope is that post-ALS resolutions will take into great consideration the phenomenal resource residing within the many facets of the African diaspora. Just two cents from two Global Africans.
The contagion of the illiberal model (recently openly praised by Viktor Orban in a public speech as the real alternative to the \failed liberal western system\) is yet another wake up call for us to understand the realities of the world, which is a mess.
The international community is failing to recognize that ISIS is an international -- not just Iraqi -- problem, as a hotbed of terrorism makes roots in such a vital area.
It's both astounding and embarrassing as an American to observe the grossly uninformed hysteria in this country over the transfer to highly controlled hospital isolation units in New York and Atlanta of two Americans with Ebola, while entire nations in West Africa are seemingly falling apart.





On the face of it, the gap between the Israeli and Palestinian negotiating position would seem hard to bridge. Lifting the Gaza blockade would hand Hamas a political victory. Demilitarization would constitute a political defeat.
With a clearer perception of the rightful concerns as promulgated in both the American and Russian experience given their proper weight, a more rational and constructive dialogue could emerge.
It remains to be seen how involved the U.S. will get in this latest war in Iraq, and the price tag that will come with it. But the uncertainties of costly new wars makes it even more important that we clean up the mess of the old one.
This weekend, there have been large protests on the streets of London, Cape Town, and Santiago, and smaller demonstrations in Paris and New York.



Earlier this summer, a minor kerfuffle over an exhibition of artworks by famed Armenian filmmaker Sergei Parajanov (1924-1990) underscored a more serious problem facing Armenian culture and Armenia in general -- and, by extension, many of the former Soviet republics.






Despite the worst fears of impending environmental tragedy that arise from a reading of air quality data or the trajectory of coal use, China is walking a path that many cities and nations have walked before.
Does the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) constitute a radical shift in the history and the future of the Arab region, or is it a transient phenomenon, no matter how formidable it seems with its strength and its performance in the battlefields of Iraq, Syria, and Lebanon today?

Rather than being worried about women's laughter, Deputy Prime Minister Arinc and Prime Minister Erdogan should be more concerned about their government's increasing slide into authoritarian rule.

I thought I knew enough to have a position. But I was wrong. I experienced something two weeks ago, and it rocked my world. My isolated, protected, and insular American world.
We propose both sides share the land -- all of it -- as two \parallel\ states.
There's a disconnect between armies and ideologies and those who bear the burden of conflicts like those raging in Israel, Gaza, Iraq, Syria and the Ukraine. This has always been true and it's true now.
From Sweden and Australia to Los Angeles and San Francisco, protesters have been growing by the thousands due to the current crimes against humanity the Assyrian and Yazidi minorities are facing in Iraq and Syria.


The military path -- even when it is justified to blow up dangerous tunnels that come underneath our communities -- is too full of damage and destruction, of life and property, and, it just generates more animosity and hatred.


The decision of the Palestinian leadership to sign the Rome Protocols for the International Criminal Court will impress on all, including Israel, that decision making is independent and is aimed at addressing the interests of the Palestinian people. If this becomes truly a Palestinian policy, then this could be marked as the biggest success, despite the horrible results in Gaza, which cannot be ignored.



By glorifying the world's worst human rights offenders and endorsing them to host public displays for an international audience, we help countries like Qatar keep the profitable business of slave-keeping alive.
The only words I can muster now, while the images of the carnage are freshly etched into my mind, are the words that may have come from one of the child victims whose life was cut short by a U.S.-supplied Israeli F-16 fighter jet missile. This is the imagined letter from the victim.
Yet more secretive Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) negotiations are underway today in Washington. Thanks to some hearty protestors braving the heat and humidity to hold a location pointer out in front of the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative, the word got out.

President Obama recently designated July 27 as \Korean War Veteran's Armistice Day.\ In the days since, I have found myself reflecting on the meaning of the Armistice and on the effect it has had on my country in the intervening 60 years. Three key words emerge in my reflection.





Today, to raise one's voice, in view of the massacre perpetrated in Gaza is, and I write this with conscience, France's duty.

With the exception of a few courageous journalists, the American view of Gaza -- the posture of looking away with pity and calling it \heartbreaking\ as if the wild disparity of deaths did not exist -- has been an abortion of moral responsibility. It testifies to a poverty of leadership almost as desperate as that of the Israelis and the Palestinians half a world away.


Qatar's hosting of the 2022 World Cup has emerged as the latest target of an undeclared alliance between Saudi Arabia and Israel that with the war in Gaza has sharpened political fault lines in the Gulf.



I've heard about all the corrupt governments. I've heard about the destabilizing role of the military. I've heard about the inept tax system that fails to collect needed revenue from people of influence.


On the geopolitical side, things are not so black and white. It's tempting to cast this conflict as a battle between Muslim Arabs and Jews, but it is also inaccurate.  This latest battle is really a struggle between a new Middle East and the old one.



The main purpose of Ayatollah Khamenei's recent call to arm the Palestinians is to bring the West Bank under the control of Hamas and Islamic Jihad and do away with the more moderate PLO.  His attempt to exploit the unimaginable suffering of the Palestinians in Gaza is a reflection of his doctrine of 'victory through terrorization' (al-nasro-belrob).  \n\nFrom my point of view, this is the same policy that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been pursuing by inflicting such horror on the people of Gaza.
To understand this you could hardly do better than watch CBS News anchor Bob Schieffer's country club invocation of former Israeli prime minister Golda Meir this week to suggest Palestinians are forcing Israel to kill their children.

In parallel, the hurdles impeding a ceasefire are growing not only because of Hamas's rejection of a permanent ceasefire if not accompanied by an end to the blockade, but also because Israel is determined to continue the war on Gaza.
Simply open your mouth on Israel-Palestine, and you'll be labeled either a heartless Zionist or a Hamas terrorist. Both extreme labels are equally fruitless. If we cannot find a middle ground in dialogue, how can we expect Israel and Palestine to find a middle ground during war?

This week marks the centennial of the outbreak of World War I. WorldPost contributors such as Walter Russell Mead and Artyom Lukin have asked whether events in 2014 parallel those of 1914. Here, seven scholars from the Belfer Center at Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government offer the historical lessons they see.
The war will eventually come to an end. The question is, will the terms for ending the bloody conflict set the stage for the next round of hostilities, or will both sides shed their delusions, recognize each other and stop this vicious cycle of violence?
Both sides in the current conflict would do well to take note of the Lucens Guidelines, created to protect students and teachers around the world from the use of schools for military purposes, and to incorporate explicit protection for schools into their military doctrines and strategies.

With ongoing rocket attacks on Israel and unrelenting retaliatory airstrikes in densely populated parts of Gaza, both Hamas and the Israeli government appeared to be potentially violating the fundamental laws of war.



\Track-one\ diplomacy is the government-mediated activity seeking cooperation and communication with another nation. \Track-two\ diplomacy is typically non-governmental and includes initiatives such as cultural diplomacy.
For decades, Japanese authorities have looked the other way when families have attempted to force adult children to recant their religious faith by abducting them and subjecting them to physical and psychological coercion.

It is ludicrous to refer to just any interaction between Saudis and Israelis as an \alliance\ between the two states and painfully erroneous to suggest that Israel's onslaught on Gaza came with Saudi acceptance, let alone support.
For me, Israel is like my child, my mother, or my sister. A huge piece of my heart is always with her. I worry about her, I fret over her decisions, I feel angry with her, I feel protective of her, and I pray for her good health.
From its security policy to suspicious, crony nationalizations, and down to its corrupt officials still in office, the Argentine president refuses to learn when she has lost. Without admitting defeat, ideology is left naked to face undeniable reality. Today this ideology is only useful to protect the corrupt and hide scandals. Power is never eternal, and for Kirchner it is finally running out.
The besieged Jews of the Warsaw ghetto had a motto \to live and die in dignity.\ As I sit in my own besieged ghetto, I think how Palestinians have honored this universal value. We live in dignity and we die in dignity, refusing to accept subjugation.
Today's State Department report on international religious freedom for 2013 is unlikely to heal the increasing rift between the U.S. government and Bahrain.

How DARE Israel be upset that the Arab enablers, spinners and propagandists have skillfully exploited images of the human shields that they cynically use as missile fodder to advance their anti-Israel, anti-Jewish fatwa.




The gangs continue growing in numbers because of the relative powerlessness of the authorities in Central America. The police are outgunned and easily corrupted, while the judges and politicians are effortlessly cowed.







Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu made public and explicit this week, and for the first time, the Israeli positions that reject the two-state solution, that is, the establishment of the state of Palestine alongside the state of Israel.
Travel restrictions imposed by Israel on Palestinians are at the heart of the current conflict. Through a system of military-imposed identity cards Israel has managed to divide Palestinians into four separate categories that are used to control where we can and cannot go.
My children spent the day on the Gaza Border giving out popsicles to the soldiers going into battle. Of course, to cover all the religious bases, and because we are a Chabad family, they also put on tefillin with the soldiers.


The sitting Parliament, where at least half of the delegates can be qualified as unprincipled populists at best and outright criminals at worst, is incapable of acting on behalf of the people and it must be dissolved.

Holding on to power in Libya is crucial to the Muslim Brotherhood's survival, as well as for Libya's vast oil riches to bankroll any comeback for them in the region. The recent parliamentary elections in Libya dealt a heavy blow to the Muslim Brotherhood and their allies.
Afghanistan has a rich culinary tradition, but soybeans have not been a part of it. American agricultural experts who consider soybeans a superfood find this dismaying, and so over the past four years, they have invested tens of millions of U.S. taxpayer dollars to try to change the way Afghans eat.
The UN is as much stage as platform for diplomatic exchange, and the Kremlin is no longer so keen on keeping the curtain up.
One hundred days ago, Boko Haram, a diffuse Islamic sect, abducted 243 girls from a school in Chibok, Borno State, in northeast Nigeria They carted them off to unknown forest locations where they are still being held. Some who escaped told of gang rapes. So much for religion.
Teenagers joining extremist groups are a growing sign of the desperation facing young Syrian refugees. It should also be a stark warning to the outside world that has been content to stand by while the fighting continues.
There is a wall between us ... When we move this wall or bring it down, we find that we are all human beings with similar problems, hardships and tribulations.


I came to thank you for the privilege you granted me to serve our country and its people for the past seven years. There is no greater privilege. Thank you. Israel, this small country, became a truly great state.

The proliferation of Man-Portable Air Defense Systems (MANPADS) amongst rebels and militia has exponentially increased the threat to aircraft and helicopters that operate above lands where governance is scarce and tensions are rife.





The \proportionality\ argument being used to singularly condemn Israel simply does not hold water. One only has to read a history book and take a hard look at the rest of the world to see why.
This is money that could have gone into education, health care and infrastructure, rather than creating chaos abroad. Instead of 'creating democracy', as the Bush administration claimed, we have created an utter mess that is near impossible to resolve.
A Greater Israel cannot be anything but an apartheid state, and exclusionary ethnic nationalism of this sort is not sustainable in the 21st century. Israel's Arab subjects will eventually demand equal rights, and as former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert warned back in 2007, once that happens, \the state of Israel is finished.\
India's sexual violence is unique in some ways, but in others, it reflects the global crisis of violence against women, particularly girls.

It has yet to be determined whether Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's decision to invite Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to his swearing-in ceremony will translate into substantive improvement in Pakistan-India relations. This will be dictated primarily by two factors
Back in  June, 1967, the second day of the Six Day War, I became the first foreign correspondent to enter Gaza City when Israeli troops took that forsaken piece of real estate from Egyptian control.
In this moment, the death tolls will inevitably grow if Israel's Operation Protective Edge continues. It is up to us to decide what the death tolls will mean to us, and the numbers should demonstrate what they truly are






I woke up to a siren today. You know how you come to hate the sound of your alarm, the one that lets you know the night's up, it's time for work, for kids, for the day to start? So you change it every few months, and you definitely hit snooze at least twice. There's no snooze button for sirens.

Courtesy of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, Putin is now coming to terms with the blowback from his Ukrainian adventure, a hybrid non-linear political-military campaign fought largely through local proxies, and this is something that will dog him for as long as he is in power.
There are many hands behind the Israeli army's onslaught on Gaza. America is not unhappy that Hamas is getting such a beating.
The Russian media has made one thing clear in the aftermath of the destruction of Malaysian Airlines Flight MH17




Mr. Putin has had many opportunities to condemn the violence, but he has failed every time. I want his words to be addressed to Girkin and other Russian citizens disturbing Ukraine, not to my president. Putin's silence, which effectively condones the terrorists' activities in eastern Ukraine, bares a grave cost.  Ending the violence has been the essence of an agreement reached in Geneva many months ago to which Russia was a signatory.





This is not the first time a civilian jetliner has been shot down -- accidentally or otherwise. There have been several such incidents over the years.
Piramideo and the various U.S. programs hope to capitalize on Cuban complaints about the country's mobile phone and internet services. Until 2008 the Cuban government prohibited citizens from owning cell phones. When the law changed, hundreds of thousands signed up.
An important precedent was set yesterday; the largest Arab country all but giving its blessing to an Israeli military strike against other Arabs. A change of major proportions which is a new element in Middle East politics.

In essence, Israel wants to achieve what every invading army wishes to achieve -- attaining the best for the colonizers and the crumbs for the subjugated people.

Preaching democratic values while engaging in supporting undemocratic and repressive regimes has never enhanced American credibility, and it has rarely been a successful security tactic in the long term.
For those of us like myself who care about the well-being of all people on the planet, not only my own Jewish people, but all peoples, the high toll of Palestinian civilians is horrifying -- more than a thousand civilians already wounded according to Palestinian sources and two hundred fifty Palestinian civilians and two Israelis dead.

A reminder that there are moderate voices coming together in support of peace.

It is absolutely in the interest of Israel to destroy Hamas' capacity to make war and murder non-combatants, a position that the Obama Administration should be supporting Israel in accomplishing just at the United States is continuing to do against Al Qaida.


At a time when hundreds of rockets are fired by Hamas and Islamic Jihad from Gaza against Israel -- threatening population centers, including Jerusalem and Tel Aviv -- criticizing Israel's occupation of the West Bank would seem inappropriate at best. Many Israelis justify the continuing occupation in light of the intensifying violence. They argue that Israel cannot allow the West Bank to become under any circumstances like Gaza -- a staging ground for rocket attacks that could cause unimaginable death and destruction. The repeated acts of violence emanating from Gaza and the relative calm in the occupied West Bank are used to \validate\ this claim. In reality, the occupation itself is the root cause behind the unending Israeli-Palestinian conflict and the current deadly flare-up between Israel and Hamas.
Apart from passionate support for their national sports teams, hatred of government corruption and \crony capitalism\ is one of the few issues that unite all social groups in developing countries.

It's taken a long time for Germany and Japan to recover from the Second World War. After enduring the indignity of military occupation, they regained sovereignty only by guaranteeing against future threats to peace. Germany's new constitution only authorized military force in self-defense or in collaboration with collective security agreements. Japan's Article Nine went further, \forever renounc[ing] ... the threat or use of force as a means of settling international disputes.\ But this post-war settlement is unraveling before our eyes. The Obama administration must learn to distinguish the urgent from the truly fundamental. Unless it rethinks our traditional post-war partnerships, it risks an authoritarian Japan and a profoundly alienated Germany -- destroying one of the greatest legacies of the twentieth century.

There are too many wounds and grievances on either side to make bilateral negotiations between Israel and Palestine a success. By calling for a pact between Israel and Hamas, the United Nations is only postponing the next inevitable round of violence to another day.

In Iceland, there are shockingly harsh drug laws with possible penalties of up to 12 years imprisonment for sales and up to 6 for possession. Even in cases not involving prison time, the societal consequences from a criminal record can be substantial.
In the early hours of Friday morning, Gaza's Ark - the boat preparing to sail from Gaza in defiance of the Israeli blockade on Palestinian exports - was hit by an Israeli missile and caught fire. When dawn broke Friday morning, little was left of the boat.
While elements of the old liberal order will survive, they will have to accommodate new actors and approaches that do not play to America's commands and preferences. The multiplex cinema is an apt analogy for today's post-American world. Several movies are running in different theaters within a single complex. Hollywood style includes thrillers and Westerns with violence, crime, ruggedness and heroism as prominent themes. Bollywood fare offers passion, tragedy, song and dance. Kung fu films produced in Hong Kong and Taiwan play next to patriotic and propaganda films from communist China. No single director or producer would monopolize the audience's attention or loyalty for long. The audience has a choice of shows.
As states, Saudi Arabia and Israel share few, if any common values, despite some cultural values that are common to Wahhabism, the austere form of Islam adopted by the kingdom, and ultra-orthodox Jews. But they increasingly have common interests.

The difference between Hamas and Israel couldn't be greater, yet you wouldn't know it when listening to some observers.










Prime Minister Netahyahu and President Abbas may wish they had someone else to negotiate with across the table. That is a luxury neither can afford anymore, otherwise events outside of their control will dictate in very unpleasant ways their future.
Have you ever paused and asked the simple question

It is neither in Israel's nor in Hamas' interest to start a new war. The latter now has the means to strike Tel Aviv, and Netanyahu would struggle to survive politically if the heart of the Jewish state were badly hit. As for Hamas, it is already in dire straits. Gaza has been subjected to an Israeli blockade for seven years, and Abdel Fattah al-Sisi's Egypt tightened the grip further by destroying the hundreds of smuggling tunnels that were the economical lifeline for the 1.7 million Gazans.
Last month was not the first time that former British Prime Minister Tony Blair has come under collective censure.


Ever since the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) began their recent offensive in Iraq, anxieties about the potential of something similar taking place in Afghanistan have abounded. Yet many have missed a crucial piece of the puzzle.
You don't have to live in Israel to know that Israel is put under a magnifying glass by world media. Our every decision scrutinized and criticized. Our every wrong made large and even more tragic.
You, reader, must be finding this title strange after the humiliating defeat of Brazil 7 to 1 to Germany in the World Cup semifinals. But that's not what I am talking about.
My wife heard it first and asked me to lower the music to see if I hear something. It was rather clear; like I have heard in the past on the news in the U.S., the siren consisted of an escalating sound which then tapered off only to escalate once again in multiple cycles.
Exposure -- and often subjection -- to violence is something very familiar and real for the over one million children living in what is modern-day Palestine. But what is often difficult for us to grasp is what this actually means.

By now let's state what is painfully obvious. Israel's unilateral withdrawal from Gaza in 2005 was a catastrophe.
I have learned that there are many definitions of success. Sometimes it is accepting what is. Sometimes it is letting go. There are so many aspects to love. Love, to me, is the most important thing we are here to learn.
Ukraine's far right has sunk to virtual electoral oblivion, and it's hard to know where or if it will reappear. Its role in defending protestors against the Yanukovych government, overthrown in February this year, didn't translate into widespread support in either the presidential election in May or in Kyiv's municipal elections.


Today respected clerics exist here and there, but many Muslims see the absence of a single authority as one source of the weakness and paucity of Islamic vision in the Muslim world today. In an era when the West has repeatedly invaded Muslim countries, overthrown their leaderships, and commandeered their economic and energy sources over much of the 20th century, the weakness and lack of leadership in the Muslim world remains a vivid concern to Muslims. Thus when the term \caliphate\ is invoked, it touches a chord in the historical sensibilities of many.
Public opinion polls show that the majority of Mexicans believe self-defense is the best way to protect your community and a larger majority sees nothing wrong with vigilante justice. One could argue that such an outcome is predictable in a country where 105,000 people are kidnapped for ransom every year, where criminal groups blackmail one of every 10 Mexicans and 96 percent of recorded crimes go unpunished.

Only a few years ago, most western observers believed that the age of geopolitical rivalry and great power war was over. Today, with Russian forces in Ukraine, religious wars exploding across the Middle East, and territorial disputes leading to one crisis after another in the East and South China seas, the outlook is darker. Serious people now ask whether we have moved from a post-war into a pre-war world. Could some incident somewhere in the world spark another global war?
China's continuous rise and China's active strategic engagement with South Korea are increasingly challenging the basis of the U.S.-Japan-South Korea cooperative triangle in Northeast Asia. South Korea, on its part, is also upgrading its cooperation with China on economic partnership, a political dialogue (to persuade North Korea to renounce its nuclear ambition) and on the historical posture vis-a-vis Japan.

The wind appears to again be at Dilma Rousseff's back again, as Brazil's performance at the World Cup has virtually assured that she will be re-elected -- politics working as politics do.
There is very little \free\ about the market in Rangoon.






Try as I might, there are some things I just don't get. For starters, I'm seeking to understand Israel's options in today's Middle East.




Working with local LGBT activists from Mozaika in Latvia, I was lucky enough to be part of the early Riga Pride marches there from 2006, and in the first pride march in Lithuanian capital Vilnius in 2010. Those Baltic Pride events have proved a huge success.

As a matter of animal welfare/rights, cruelty/abuse should have the same meaning for a dog in China as the U.S. Identifying animals by their nationality stretches sovereignty -- people can be rabidly nationalistic but dogs cannot.






Today's generation has lost its faith in nation building. Blair may find \chemistry\ with a Emirati Crown Prince but the former prime minister is toxic to his own people.
There have been other murdered Jews at the hands of terrorists, countless in fact. Walk the streets of Jerusalem and see all the plaques on cafes', pizza shops, and street corners to Jews murdered by Palestinian terrorists.
This week, the unsettling of stability in Asia took yet another turn. Just as Chinese President Xi Jinping was due to arrive in South Korea -- which is angry at Japan over denials about World War II \comfort women\ --  Prime Minister Shinzo Abe announced a changed interpretation of the constitution that allows Japanese military forces to operate abroad. As Shannon Tiezzi  writes, China's approach is now aimed at exploiting differences within Japanese public opinion over Abe's new nationalism. From Australia, John Garnaut  writes that an old idea of Colin Powell's is being raised anew
The life of the Islamic Republic until, say, 1990, had been brutish and short. And this is how the head of the nascent body-politic became so heavily invested in an adversarial identity, so dependent on international tension and the perception of a state under siege.
It doesn't matter how great your job is if you don't want it. If you are too stressed, then you should quit. It is your life. Why care about the opinions of others? Go to work tomorrow morning and say \goodbye.\
The intensifying war in Iraq has surprised the world. The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS), a terrorist group, has taken over a large part of Iraq's territory and is still advancing toward other areas. Western and Middle Eastern governments are concerned about ISIS. How can we understand such developments?
The new prime minister of India, @NarendraModi, just surpassed the @WhiteHouse in fourth place and is likely to have more followers than Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono next week.
Turkey, which is smaller in size than the state of Texas, shares a long border with Syria, much like Texas shares with Mexico. In Syria, not just one generation, but many generations have been wiped out by the violence.


In its present form, the EU is weak, particularly because it lacks the necessary competence in foreign policy and because its bloated bureaucracy causes it to stand in its own way. What is needed, therefore, is a reform of the EU as soon as possible.
The Russian-Israeli partnership is crucial, given the perils and unpredictability of today's regional tensions. Their shared interests champion security and other geopolitical issues, and underscore deep-seated historical ties that bind the countries.
Almost nobody thinks the USA can win the World Cup. And if they were eliminated tomorrow, our American team has already exceeded everybodies' expectations. But what if they did?
The 100-year anniversary of the most important event in the 20th century passed recently with predictably scant notice in the American media.




The big unreported story of the Iraqi crisis is the failure of American intelligence agencies to foresee the ISIS campaign. Indeed, the ISIS phenomenon from its emergence two years ago until now has largely passed under the radar of the CIA, NSA et al.
As we consider this new architecture we need to run, not walk, as we are all mindful of the stunning impact that climate change is having on meeting and feeding the next nine billion. We must engage, not embrace the globalization of indifference.






Iran is now facing serious challenges that strike at its economic and military weaknesses. In an Arab world that is less than 10-percent Shiite and distrusts non-Arabs, Persian Shiite Iran faces hostile Arab Sunni fundamentalist movements that are rising in the aftermath of the failures of the Arab Spring.
Iraq, with its prominent Shiite, Sunni and Kurdish populations, is looking more and more like a country split into three.




Like many English people, I'd been pretty ambivalent about it all, and very much of the \if they wanna go, let 'em go\ school. But in Scotland, I changed my mind. And dramatically so.

Thursday marks the start of RIMPAC 2014, the largest naval exercise in the world. For the first time, China is among the participants in this U.S.-organized exercise.
Today, eight ministries are led by career military officers, three of whom are still on active duty.



The Middle East has been turned into a region of several failed or almost-failed states, and if the United States and Iran do not work together constructively, terrorism and instability will continue there for years to come.
Reacting to historical periods that were enormously antagonistic and bloody to guide action on the emerging battlefield of eastern Ukraine has the potentiality for further escalating conflict, fueled by past victories and memory of old clashes.

With the country again teetering on the brink of sectarian chaos, it is time to stop forcing Iraq's 35 million inhabitants -- Shiite Arabs in the south, Sunnis in central Iraq, and Kurds in the north -- to coexist within arbitrary British borders.
For all its imperfections, the UN is the sole international institution of indisputable legitimacy; it has to become the functional center for harmonizing mankind's response to a threat far more insidious than any faced in history -- climate change.  A new global compact is urgently needed -- one that at long last steps beyond the shadow cast by the Great War over the world for the past one hundred years so that we can transform raison d'\u00e9tat into raison de plan\u00e8te; the reason of state to the reason of the planet.

Talk these days of the creative economy as soft power and a harbinger of world peace, ignores the huge struggles taking place between Google, Facebook no one hand and Baidu, We Chat, Tencent on the other, pitching the U.S. and China directly against each other in a cold digital war of online platforms, search engines and aggregation algorithms. It is very nice to assert the diversity of cultures in a globalized world. But this diversity is in reality dependent on some very hard issues of finance, intellectual property rights and communications infrastructures.
He said that although community-based businesses are small investments, they can create job opportunities and reach the grassroots level practically. Moreover, community-based businesses can give security to a community without impacting the social environment.
It's not just soccer fans whose football fever soars during a World Cup. So does that of militant Islamists and jihadists with deadly consequences. Scores of fans have been killed since this month's kick-off of the Cup in attacks in Iraq, Kenya and Nigeria.
During World War II, Belzec, a small town in southeastern Poland, was one of the main Nazi death camps in the occupied country, along with Auschwitz-Birkenau, Chelmno, Majdanek, Sobibor and Treblinka.








While driving back from Neshaya Secondary School in Makwa, Zimbabwe, I sat, staring out into the African sky at the rural homesteads that were loosely arranged throughout the land, built from logs, mud and thatch.
Afghanistan's presidential election has taken a turn for the worst. Presidential candidate Abdullah Abdullah announced his decision to boycott the national election commission and demand the vote-counting process be brought to a grinding halt.
When combining Maliki's spotty record as a leader and his dismal rating since the 2011 U.S. withdrawal, you can see why the president may have concluded that sending in the jets and drones is a less desirable that it once was.

The kidnapping of three Israeli religious settlers in an area under the total administrative and security control of the Israeli army has partially brought back attention to the Palestinian-Israeli conflict, but for the wrong reasons.
At that moment, little did I know that in my part of the world too, history was being written. Local news channels were blaring with \breaking news\ tickers. No, this time around news did not deal with the money laundering case.



Arab culture, and certainly Emirati more specifically, is rich and encompasses music, dance, food and traditional crafts. However, we -- as Arabs -- have a long way to go before this can be developed and exported.


\There is a cult of ignorance in the United States, and there has always been. The strain of anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge.\ This cult of ignorance is the most serious national security issue facing the U.S. today.
Confidence can be very nice, but when you go to see a brain surgeon, you care an awful lot more about skill. If Ed Miliband has the skills to run a country, he certainly hasn't shown it.

He doesn't speak ill of their mother. He prefers to build up their hopes that somewhere in California there is a sad-looking lady who is waiting to reunite with her daughters.
The news that many locals have not resisted, and even often welcomed, the arrival of ISIS should clarify the intense problems that existed between the government and mostly Sunni local communities in northwest Iraq.

Its security forces ready to fight, even as politicians prevaricate. The US draw-down in Afghanistan offers a priceless opportunity since it destroys the basis on which the TTP narrative gained some popularity. This is where Pakistan stands today.
The United States has already sacrificed enough of its soldiers and treasury for Iraq during its eight years of involvement in that nation's so-called struggle for freedom. From the beginning, the war was based on a falsehood, namely the notion that Iraq harbored weapons of mass destruction.
Blair has to recognize that the Iraq war did not end when Barack Obama pulled the last combat troops out of the country. It is still going on now. Iraq is indeed more than a legacy of office. It is a large weight to have on one's conscience.







In Uzbekistan, when summer turns to fall, the government forces more than a million of its citizens to drop what they are doing and pick cotton, according to independent monitors.

The country has become the new Afghanistan -- a center of attraction and a training ground for the next generation of jihadist fighters who will be able to make use elsewhere of the fighting experience they get there. And now the same thing has happened in Iraq. ISIS cleverly used the porous borders with Syria to draw jihadists initially recruited for Syria into the neighboring country. ISIS can thus create the reign it so desires over an extensive territory comprising parts of Syria and northern Iraq. Since the Americans destroyed the Afghan symbiosis between al-Qaeda and the Taliban, no terror group has achieved anything like this. And it will draw more Islamist radicals from around the world who will either join ISIS or donate money. From that point of view, the Mosul victory was a successful PR coup.


A full scale military operation to rid Pakistan of the scourge of terrorism in the country's tribal belt has sparked a national debate, and defense analysts and experts on Afghan affairs and militancy have begun shedding light on the Karachi airport attack. Given that Pakistan has already reportedly suffered 49,000 casualties -- including the loss of more than 15,000 security personnel in its fight against homegrown insurgency -- and given the prospects of full throttle action against the militants in coming days, the government needs to focus on formulating an effective strategy to avoid civilian casualties in future situations. Hence, it is the high time to quell the insurgency through employing all the resources available.
Life is tense, these days in Kiev. The faces of the locals are stiff and their reactions are fast, as in an emergency ward.\u00a0One cannot lose one's nerve in a life threatening situation.
As a result of Snowden's disclosures, U.S. companies have been wrongly suffering commercial reprisals by some governments. Conflating the acts of the NSA with other agencies has also potentially harmed legitimate government activities.

Political differences need to be resolved through an inclusive process within Iraq with the active support of regional players. Neither the region nor the world can afford to underestimate how dangerous the present situation in Iraq has become, virtually overnight, and how vital it is to contain and reverse this threat.

Despite the minimal protections for victims of drug use and the Islamic Republic's typical manner of glossing over their domestic problems, Iran spends approximately one billion dollars per year on anti-drug operations.
The Obama administration would have to challenge the Israeli government's hard line toward the Palestinians in order for the peace process to be successful. Unfortunately, the White House apparently had no interest in doing so.

I see the young people with their beautiful faces full of hope, intelligent and bright, most of them a lot more knowledgeable (I am not saying experienced) than a lot of people highly placed in the expiring government. They are all waiting, hoping, expecting, and maybe dreaming of the role some of them might play with a bright and shiny, brand new Afghan government.
Barely had the pictures of the Palestinian unity government been published, when skirmishes broke out around ATMs in Gaza between Hamas and Fatah government workers.



Hezbollah's intervention in Syria has achieved significant gains. The result, however, has been that Hezbollah (\party of God\ in Arabic), once widely respected by Sunnis in Syria and the region for its military struggle against Israel, is now frequently dubbed the \Party of Satan.\

A furious war of words was unleashed at the Shangri-La Dialogue security conference in Singapore last weekend. The U.S. and Japan accused China of trying to change the status quo by coercion and intimidation; the Chinese accused Japan and the U.S. of inciting instability with its \20th century mentality\ of war and conflict. Following up on his comments in Singapore, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe  writes in The WorldPost that China ought to abide by the rule of law in the seas of Asia and calls for negotiations.  Recalling the experience of World War II, Shanghai scholar/entrepreneur Eric X. Li  mocks Abe's pledge in Singapore that the \new Japanese\ will help their neighbors resist Beijing. The great danger now, writes the Australian scholar Hugh White , is that the ground is being laid for a catastrophic clash since both sides in this conflict assume incorrectly that the other will back down. South Korea's Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se  fears a \Pandora's box\ is being opened in Asia. Marking the 25 years since the Tiananmen massacre, China scholar Perry Link worries that Xi Jinping is becoming \a Mao-like strongman.\(continued)
Denmark is my motherland. My parents, sister, niece, cousins, granddad, aunts and uncles are there. Denmark is where I was born and raised, and where the very foundation for the person I have become was established.

With less than two weeks to the World Cup, tensions are still at an all time high.

Unlike the Cold War period -- in which the Soviet Union was isolated from the global economy -- commercial interests and trade secrets underpin the intrinsically entangled Sino-American economic relations. The higgledy-piggledy distinction between national security and corporate interests is hardly convincing to the Chinese, especially when the US revolving doors conveniently inhabit the space between government service and corporations during both Democratic and Republican administrations. Just like the Sino-American relations in commercial intercourse, economics triumphs over ideology in the partisan world of American politics. On China's side, its intertwined national and economic interests are enshrined in the peculiar institution of the State-Owned Enterprises (SOEs).

One of the rarest and environmentally sensitive land and sea ecosystems in the western Pacific is under threat of mega-development.
A 2013 UNICEF report listed Timor-Leste as having the highest percentage of children under five who are moderately or severely stunted in the world, matched only by Burundi.


After the surprising news this week -- which was not, in fact, surprising, given that the abdication of King Juan Carlos has long been bandied about as the most realistic way for the Spanish monarchy to bring its institutional crisis to an end -- the many questions now emerging are two-fold.
The French Socialists' failure in last Sunday's European parliament elections goes deeper in history. Their perennial weakness as a party has characterized French politics for a long time.




As the situation confronting kidnapped women in Nigeria continues to deteriorate, the need for international solidarity has never been greater.  The 276 teenage women, who were kidnapped at gunpoint by Islamist group Boko Haram, have been held captive for more than a month.



Netanyahu can be seen as a maneuverer, but in reality, he is an ideologue, relentless in his efforts to maintain control of what he refers to as Judea and Samaria. He will feint to the left or right, as need be, but the key to understanding him is to judge him by his actions, not his words.
This 26th of May, a 21st century Nero -- the man widely believed to be the mastermind of a 2002 pogrom that left thousands dead and many more mutilated -- has become the head of the world's largest democracy.
Not only has Modi secured a mandate to be \strong and decisive,\ but what appeals to the Hindu majority that elected him is his ability to ride roughshod over the processes of government, apparently in the interest of \good governance.\
Counterterrorism is not working. Retaliatory military actions, condemnation by world leaders and by the general public on social media and censorship of terrorist organizations have all proven futile. It's time to try something new.



Prime Minister Vucic is a potentially dangerous man. During these turbulent days, he has shown that he is willing to push the panic button and would rather seek counsel from conspiracy than science.



Secretary Kerry, Israeli Ministers and many others, well-wishers as well as fear-mongers, warned that if  the Israeli-Palestinian talks failed, there is no telling to what may happen.
Over the past hundred years, the process of polarized dehumanization, distrust, and betrayal has resulted in a spiraling deprecation of cultural and social values in Muslim countries.





The two countries can no longer afford to simply chart their own independent paths, since maximum coordination has become a strategic imperative.





The return of priceless cultural objects are among the great many successes the Untied States government and the international community has won in the battle against the illicit antiquities trade.
The elections are an opportunity for all Ukrainians across the country to come together, exercise their right to vote, and express their commitment to a better future together.


Iran's claim to have replicated the U.S. drone comes at a time when drone policy and the usage of drones by the Obama administration have become a crucially debated topic in Washington.

This week, watershed historical events have taken place in Asia. Narendra Modi and his modernizing Hindu nationalist party have swept to power in India. Scorned by the West over Crimea, Vladimir Putin has hastened to deepen Russia's energy and political ties with China. China seems to be creating as many enemies as friends with its new, boldly assertive posture. Appearing at a summit of non-Western nations in Asia after cementing the giant gas deal with Russia's Putin, President Xi appealed to his neighbors to keep the U.S. out of the region and leave Asia to Asians. Yet, this came on the heels of anti-China riots in Vietnam after China placed an oil rig in disputed waters. And it came just as the U.S. government indicted individual members of a People's Liberation Army cyber-espionage team for hacking into commercial secrets of American companies.

This confluence of forces has made catastrophe inevitable; the question is not whether famine will strike, but where and how hard -- and how many thousands of lives will be lost.




The former death squad members described how those who refused to carry out orders, sought to quit, or otherwise fell into disfavor were themselves likely to become death squad victims.

Amidst veritable media frenzy, we hear the populists and their critiques loud and clear. It is time that someone stand up for the European project. So let us make the argument loudly
American women of childbearing age face less negative scrutiny when they don't have children. But infertility is a secret shame, and they often keep their longings and the details of their efforts to conceive under wraps.
For over 20 years of my life in the United States, whenever I answered \Ukraine\ when asked where I came from, I'd hear, \Ah, Russia!\ Home to 45.4 million people, Ukraine was little-known -- until bloodshed in Kiev's Maidan Square and continuing mayhem provoked by Putinesque instigators brought it into headlines.
Moriya Kaniel and her three children were among three Israeli families who were ordered to evacuate their homes in Ma'ale Rehavam because of a court-ordered home demolition operation carried out by Israeli security forces last week on Wednesday, May 15.
The question before us



Washington has been frustrated that landmark efforts such as the \123 Civil Nuclear Agreement\ signed in 2008 have failed to produce increased American exports yet, stymied by indecision in New Delhi.






The media has recently reported an overture by Saudi Foreign Minister Saud Al-Faisal to his Iranian counterpart Jawad Zarif to visit Riyadh.
What has evolved over the last 20 or so years is a natural divergence between the fundamentally weaker and stronger economies, particularly since the onset of the global financial crisis five years ago.



Corruption, natural disasters, wars, bad policies, and bad luck made it impossible for African governments to keep up with debt payments without cutting basic services to their people, who were already poor and getting few services in the first place.

A beacon of stability in the Middle East, the Hashemite Kingdom is perpetually challenged by the need to moderate between the monarchy's pro-Western orientation and the Islamist tendencies of the country's population.
With Memorial Day on the calendar's horizon, it seems fitting to discuss an island which was critical to the allies in the East during World War II. Corregidor is a historic treasure of the Philippines.
The elections in Ukraine, which are scheduled for May 25, are far more than an opportunity to choose a president. It is an anchor on which our future hinges.
On a perfect spring evening The City Museum of Kathmandu, led by its director Kashish Das Shrestha, hosted a crowd of nearly 200 for a unique event titled Khumbila.
The biggest winner in South Africa's May 7th parliamentary election is democracy itself. Twenty years after the first all race ballot, Nelson Mandela's rainbow nation is alive and well in the country of 50 million. The election is a triumph of constitutional government and rule of law.
The deadly violence that has gripped CAR since December 2012 has spared no one. Government officials are targeted and killed, often in broad daylight and without sanction.


It took three weeks for President Obama to publicly address the crisis of over 250 Nigerian school girls kidnapped on April 14, and to pledge to send modest support. That is 22 days of unfathomable cruelty to vulnerable girls.





While she gives off an air of ease and grace, I got the impression things have never been easy for Kabibi M'Poko. Born in Kinshasa, the capital of the Congo (Democratic Republic of Congo, DRC), Kabibi came to America at the tender age of eight.
There is no doubt that the current Nigerian government has displayed some high degree of ineptitude when it comes to dealing with the problem of Boko Haram, but one should not be amiss with it's complexity.


Mr. Narendra Modi, the prime ministerial candidate in India's national elections, has finally gathered the courage to deliver one of his best policy statements in an interview published on NDTV on April 22.
Many Iranian women activists who live in the Islamic Republic, and several of those campaigners whom I have interviewed, have shed light on the reality of women's rights under Rouhani's presidency.
One of the most viable routes to solving Tajikistan's ongoing power problem may now run through--or falter in--Afghanistan.


Egypt's next president could not have made himself clearer. In a two-hour television interview that marked the start and mostly likely the end, too, of his election campaign, the former general who led the military coup declared the sole purpose of his presidency would be to get rid of the Muslim Brotherhood -- once and for all.
For anyone who cares to look, it will be obvious that the current Western model of economic growth, which has been adopted the world over, depends in no small part on excluding the majority in order to create wealth for a few. This has been the case since the colonial era. The same exclusion that was once practiced by the East India Company is now practiced on Wall Street and its excesses are accepted as part of the system by far too many governments. Developed world politicians, however, are all too happy to \include\ others in the world economy by outsourcing them cheap and dirty jobs or polluting industries.

As I talk to my peer parliamentarians and politicians in Europe, I see a lot of sympathy but not a clear understanding of what must be done. Fortunately, and perhaps unexpectedly, policy options to deescalate the crisis that are clearly in the EU's economic interest abound.

The crafting of Putin's new Euro-Asian vision -- in effect a new \Greater Russia\ assembled from the remnants of the old Soviet Union in Central Asia and Europe -- has been greased by a pipeline delivery system under the Kremlin's control.





I will create a society where women shine. Under my administration, women's active participation constitutes the core of the growth strategy, rather than social policy. In this respect, we have decided that at least 30 percent of all national government officials employed next year will be women. I have also been urging listed companies to add at least one woman as a board member. By encouraging the advancement of women in society, we will raise our growth rate and promote \womenomics.\




It seems that Netanyahu, dragged kicking and screaming into peace talks by the Obama administration, never wanted peace between two equal sides. He wanted to force the weaker side to accept terms that he knew they could not and should not be asked to do.




The recent decision by Intel to close its microprocessor assembly plant in Costa Rica has caused quite a storm over the past few weeks, in some ways souring the jubilant electoral victory of Luis Guillermo Sol\u00eds of the PAC, which took place just 48 hours before the US tech giant's announcement




The autocrat is afraid of his own people. Fear and suspicion. The feeling is mutual. He knows that the hundreds of thousands of heads he looks down upon are there... because they fear him, not because they love him.
Earlier this month, Palestinian human rights organizations launched a campaign calling on the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to divest from the controversial British security firm G4S, which they say is \at the heart of [Israel's prison] system, installing and running security systems at Israeli jails.\

However impossible the Israeli-Palestinian conundrum looks at the moment, the United States is too proud to let generations of hard work and billions of dollars in investment in the Palestinian Authority amount to a continuation of the status-quo ante.
At just 26, Lily has already carved out an incredibly successful career as a model and actress and graduated from Cambridge University. On top of that, she's just launched Impossible.com, a website and app that encourages people to do things for others for free. It's based on the idea of a gift economy, a mode of exchange where things are not sold but given. The site encourages people to post wishes of things that they want or need help with, and offer what they can give. Lily says she hopes the site creates a community that fosters giving and receiving. \I called it Impossible, because I thought that a lot of people would say that it was impossible,\ says Lily. \It's an incredibly utopian proposition and I quite liked facing the cynics from the beginning with the name.\

An \app mentality\ or \app consciousness\ -- the search for an app for everything, the almost automatic activation of an app and a concomitant reluctance to proceed if an app is lacking -- can be very limiting. And it is especially pernicious in the event that this mentality becomes the dominant mode, the dominant metaphor, for how one leads one's life.
Greece needs a new conservative, moral and ethical government. Taxes must be reduced for the middle class and small businesses. Liquidity must be improved, with loans offered to private companies, which will create jobs and encourage educated young Greeks to stay.









America is once again getting a lecture from a client state in the Middle East. This week's lecturer is Egypt's president-in-waiting, a man who should be before a court in The Hague for the worst repression in his country's modern history.









In the 1970s and 1980s, the West European peace and environmental movement reached out, tentatively at first and then more vigorously, to the dissident groups in Eastern Europe. Nowhere was this more evident than in West Germany. Eva Quistorp was a driving force behind the east-west dialogue.

President Obama has just completed a two-day visit to Japan for high-level meetings, including an unprecedented \three-star sushi shop conference\ with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. Now that the two nations have reaffirmed their longstanding alliance, including a commitment by the U.S. to Japan's defense of the Senkaku Islands, I would like even more strongly to press for my suggestion that Mr. Abe to pay his respects at the U.S.S. Arizona Memorial in Hawaii. This is because the gap in understanding between Japan and the U.S. remains a deep one, despite Mr. Obama's visit.
A prosperous Nigeria would obviously be a huge win in the battle against poverty. Also, if Nigeria pushes past its hurdles and gets to where it could be, a blueprint will be lain for other African Nations to follow.
By all means, prosecute those who committed crimes and defrauded the country -- on an individual basis. Avoid the mistake of collective punishment.

More than 12 million gallons of herbicides contaminated with dioxin, a known carcinogen, were sprayed in Southeast Asia during the war. The Vietnamese estimate that it affected the health of up to 3 million people, including several hundred thousand children who were born with disabilities.
Qatar is employing soccer to put a significant first chip in the Chinese wall that segregates its minority citizenry from its majority foreign labour and expatriate population.

This week, U.S. President Barack Obama is visiting Asia to meet U.S. allies and assure them of America's backing as China rises to become the dominant power in the region. In light of the West's weak response to Putin's takeover of the Crimea, some Asian allies are concerned about whether the U.S. will stand steady in the event a conflict breaks out between one of its allies and China.






Clinical psychologist Abdullah al-Garni serves a niche clientele



A woman hits a child, who appears to be her son, on one corner. A hundred yards further on, two men get in a fight because one stepped on the other's shoe. I arrive home thinking about this aggressiveness, just under the skin, that I feel in the street.


What to do about torture, rape, political prison camps and other atrocities in North Korea? A UN investigative panel says the isolated country is a \totalitarian state without parallel in the contemporary world\ and its abusers must be prosecuted by the International Criminal Court.




The Obama administration's entire Syria policy rests on the foundation that Assad's internal calculation needs to change. A willingness by Assad to participate in serious and meaningful negotiations is the objective of this policy.  Right now, that foundation is crumbling into dust.




The culture that marginalizes women is largely the product of men. Therefore, the onus is on Middle Eastern men to be the first to demand and create changes in this unacceptable situation.
When a friend dies, you are left with deep pain and a multitude of memories of the moments you shared. After all, as Gabo wrote

