U.S. Launches Auto Import Probe, China Vows To Defend Its Interests. The investigation could lead to new U.S. tariffs similar to those imposed on imported steel and aluminum in March.
Starbucks Says Anyone Can Now Sit In Its Cafes -- Even Without Buying Anything. The new policy was unveiled weeks after the controversial arrest of two black men at a Philadelphia Starbucks.
Seattle Passes Controversial New Tax On City's Biggest Companies To Combat Housing Crisis. Following the council vote, Amazon\u2019s vice president, Drew Herdener, said the company has resumed construction planning for its so-called Block 18 project in downtown Seattle.
Uber Ends Forced Arbitration In Individual Cases Of Sexual Assault, Harassment. Victims will be free to go to court -- but a few caveats remain.
Chili's Hit By Data Breach, Credit And Debit Card Information Compromised. The breach is believed to have occurred between March and April.
How Uber Silences Women After Sexual Assaults. Just by using the app, you click away your rights. Now some victims are fighting for change.
How Amazon Is Holding Seattle Hostage. The city wants to tax large corporations to pay for homeless housing, but Jeff Bezos isn't pleased.
Bank Of America Appears To Flip On Firearm Promise With Loan To Remington. The bank pledged in April to stop financing companies that sell military-style firearms to civilians. Remington made the Bushmaster rifle used in the Sandy Hook school massacre.
Ex-Volkswagen CEO Charged In U.S. Over Emissions Cheating Scandal. Martin Winterkorn resigned soon after the scandal became public in 2015.
Women Describe Rampant Groping, Sexual Harassment At Verizon-Contracted Warehouse. Verizon launched an investigation soon after HuffPost reached out for comment.
T-Mobile Agrees To Acquire Sprint For $26 Billion. U.S. regulators are expected to grill the companies on how they will price their combined wireless offerings.
The SEC Just Made The Case For Divesting From Fossil Fuel Companies Much Stronger. The agency's ruling in a little-noticed case last month has knocked the wind out of the push for shareholder activism, a favorite neoliberal tactic to address climate change.
Dick's Sporting Goods Is Destroying Its Unsold Assault-Style Rifles. The company pulled assault-style weapons and accessories from their stores in February.
Facebook Didn\u2019t Seem To Care I Was Being Sexually Harassed Until I Decided To Write About It. Two months ago, a pro-Trump Facebook group posted my photo and asked its 72,000 members if they would \smash or pass.\
In Los Angeles, Bitter Tensions Over Where To House The Homeless Rile Communities. Voters approved a plan for supportive housing, but disputes over where to put it have stalled progress.
The Libertarian Political Movement Is Dead. American democracy doesn't look much better.
Apple Co-Founder Steve Wozniak Ditches Facebook After Data Scandal. \It's brought me more negatives than positives.\
Twitter Has Suspended 1.2 Million Accounts For 'Terrorist Content'. The company touts improved in-house tracking tools for steering abusive accounts away from the site.
Trump Proposes Slapping $100 Billion In New Tariffs On Chinese Goods. The additional tariffs were being considered \u201cin light of China\u2019s unfair retaliation\u201d against earlier U.S. trade actions, Trump said.
The Facebook Apology Tour Continues. Mark Zuckerberg spoke with reporters on topics including trust in the site and trust in his own leadership.
Saks, Lord & Taylor Hit By Payment Card Data Breach. Toronto-based Hudson\u2019s Bay did not say when the breach had begun or how many payment card numbers were taken.
International Health Group Drops Partnership With Heineken Over 'Beer Girls'. Heineken needs to \take appropriate action,\ said the group's director.
MyFitnessPal Security Breach Affects 150 Million Users, Under Armour Reports. The company alerted its app users four days after learning of the hack.
These Stock Photos Show Masculinity Is More Than Biceps And Beer. Discarding gender stereotypes, new collections feature male nurses and stay-at-home dads, along with guys who wear makeup and jewelry.
Trapped Inside The Monster Energy Frat House. A woman who worked at the drink company said she was sexually harassed and abruptly fired. This is what can happen when a boys club runs amok.
There Are Psychological Reasons Parents Are So Obsessed With Target. Marketing experts, therapists and parents weigh in.
Walmart Partners With Conservative Group To Remove Cosmo From Checkout Lines. \u201cThe real world took another step toward its slow and sure conversion to The Handmaid\u2019s Tale this week,\u201d a Vogue editor responded.
Uber Halts Self-Driving Car Tests In California, Where It Didn't Test Much Anyway. The consequences of a fatal crash in Arizona continue.
Remington Files For Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Amid Mounting Pressure For More Gun Control. The company listed assets in the range of $500 million to $1 billion and liabilities in the range of $500 million and $1 billion.
Elon Musk's Estranged Father Has Child With Stepdaughter, Says It's 'God's Plan'. The young woman was only 4 years old when Errol Musk married her mother.
YouTube Quietly Escalates Crackdown On Firearm Videos. The video site is expanding restrictions following the Florida massacre.
Dow Plunges Amid Wall Street Fears About Trade War. The drop comes on the heels of an action by President Donald Trump to impose tariffs on up to $60 billion of Chinese imports.
Toys R Us Founder Charles Lazarus, 94, Dies As His Empire Comes To A Close. Lazarus was 94 years old.
Mark Zuckerberg Addresses Cambridge Analytica Incident As Facebook Fumbles. We've been burned many times before. Why should we trust Facebook again?
Weinstein Company Files For Bankruptcy After Sale Talks Collapse. The embattled film studio said Monday that it was also ending all non-disclosure agreements.
45 U.S. Trade Groups Beg Trump. The organizations say such tariffs would be \u201cparticularly harmful\u201d to the U.S. economy and consumers.
Claire's Is Entering A New Chapter In Life. Growing up is never easy.
This Sad Version Of The Toys R Us Jingle Will Hit You Where It Hurts. Sniff.
iHeartMedia Files For Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Protection. The company has reached an agreement with shareholders of more than $10 billion of its outstanding debt.
Toys R Us May Shut Down All U.S. Operations, Impacting Thousands Of Workers. The liquidation could put up to 33,000 U.S. jobs at risk.
Theranos Founder Elizabeth Holmes Charged With 'Massive Fraud' By SEC. The biotech company Holmes started was once worth $9 billion.
Facebook Defends Its Use Of Secret Courts To Handle Sexual Harassment Cases. The tech giant is standing behind its use of forced arbitration, a practice criticized for silencing women.
'Pharma Bro' Martin Shkreli Gets 7 Years For Defrauding Investors. He made headlines by jacking up the price of a lifesaving drug.
Health Insurer Cigna To Buy Express Scripts For About $54 Billion. The combined company will be led by current Cigna Chief Executive Officer David Cordani.
Geek Squad Has Been Turning Customer Data Over To The FBI For More Than A Decade. New documents show the two groups have a deeper working relationship than previously known.
Bumble Bans Gun Photos From Members' Profiles. AR-15s don't mix with dating app \rooted in kindness and respect.\
Judge Orders 'Pharma Bro' Martin Shkreli To Forfeit $7.36 Million. The former drug company executive was convicted in 2017 for defrauding investors.
Ride-Hailing Drivers Probably Make Even Less Than They Think, MIT Paper Finds. Uber called the methodology and findings of the working paper \deeply flawed.\
Papa John's Is No Longer NFL's Official Pizza. The relationship has been sliced.
Amazon And Whole Foods Disagree On Products Like Coca-Cola. The companies are having disagreements over what to stock on store shelves.
Walmart To Raise Age Requirement To Buy Firearms And Ammunition. The retail giant said it's making changes to its gun sale policies \in light of recent events.\
Weinstein Company To Seek Bankruptcy After Last-Ditch Sale Talks Collapse. The board of disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein's former company ended negotiations to sell the studio for $500 million.
FedEx Says It Will Continue Offering NRA Members Discounts. The company said it disagrees with the organization on certain policies but won't end its partnership.
Facebook Finally Yanks Virtual Reality Shooting Game At CPAC, Apologizes. \Bullet Train\ featured players firing on virtual people in a train station just days after the Parkland high school shootings.
Apple, Amazon, YouTube Urged To Pull NRA TV Channel. \u201cIt\u2019s time for tech leaders to acknowledge their role in helping the NRA spread this dangerous content and cut it out.\
These Companies Are Sticking By The NRA (UPDATED). Many brands that offered discounts to NRA members are dumping the gun group after its furious response to the Florida mass shooting.
Uber Is Still Losing Carloads Of Money. But the ride-hailing pioneer seems to be slowing the bleeding.
Uber, Waymo Reach Settlement In Bitter Legal Dispute. Uber had been accused of stealing trade secrets from Waymo.
72 Percent Of Asian-American Elders, Their Families Targeted By Fraud. Limited English proficiency could be one reason why, the study suggests.
Wall Street Turmoil Worsens As Dow Jones Plunges 1,000 Points. The benchmark S&P 500 and the Dow industrials confirmed they were in correction territory.
Steve Wynn Out As CEO And Chairman Of Wynn Resorts. The Las Vegas mogul has been accused of abusing and sexually harassing casino workers for decades.
Solar Jobs Fell For The First Time In 7 Years In 2017. Now Trump Could Make It Worse.. The new tariffs the White House announced last month are likely to make things worse for the industry.
Asian Markets Take A Tumble After U.S. Stocks Decline. Asian shares fell sharply on Tuesday after Wall Street suffered its biggest decline since 2011.
Wall Street Bounces Back In Day Of Volatile Trade. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 567.02 points, or 2.33 percent, to 24,912.77.
Budweiser Touts Disaster Relief Efforts In 2018 Super Bowl Ad. The minute-long commercial highlights the company's emergency response plans.
Dow Plunges Nearly 1,600 Points In Biggest Intraday Point Drop In History. The drop came as investors grappled with rising bond yields and potentially firming inflation.
Fed Lowers The Boom On Wells Fargo After Years Of Grotesque Scandals. In an unprecedented move, the Fed ordered the bank to halt growth over compliance issues.
Steve Wynn's $7.5 Million Settlement Reportedly Involved Paternity Claim. Dozens of former employees have accused the casino mogul of sexual harassment.
Trump\u2019s USDA Could Make Hog Workers\u2019 Jobs Even More Dangerous. The government agency proposed a rule that would eliminate line speed maximums at hog plants.
USDA Spares Poultry Workers Faster Line Speeds, But Hog Workers May Not Get So Lucky. Activists celebrated the decision, but remain concerned about the welfare of workers in hog plants.
Monster Energy Vice President Accused Of Sexual Harassment Resigns. HuffPost's reporting revealed text messages in which he called a female employee a \whore.\
Most Americans Can't Afford A Minor Emergency. Just 39 percent of Americans have enough money in savings to cover an unexpected $1,000 bill, according to a new report.
Steve Wynn Steps Down As RNC Finance Chair Amid Sexual Harassment Allegations. The billionaire was accused of decades of sexual abuse in a bombshell Wall Street Journal report published on Friday.
Health Care Costs Are Still A Crushing Problem. Andrew Luccock pays about $1,700 per month for health insurance for his family of 5 \u2014 and still expects to pay more than
RNC Finance Chair Steve Wynn Accused Of Decades Of Sexual Misconduct. The Las Vegas mogul has been accused of sexually harassing and abusing female employees.
Donald Trump To Push His 'America First' Agenda On Elite 'Globalists' In Davos. Trump was never invited to attend the World Economic Forum as a businessman.
Bank Of America's Poorest Customers To Be Charged For Checking. People who once had free accounts may now have to pay $12 a month.
Squirming On The Floor And A $200,000 Payout. \I'm terrible,\ he muttered, according to a devastating report from Bloomberg.
Amazon Narrows Down Second Headquarters List To 20 Possibilities. The places still in the running include 17 U.S. cities, one Canadian city and two other U.S. locations.
Bitcoin Plummets On Fears Of Regulatory Crackdown, Hits 4-Week Low. The latest tumble leaves bitcoin more than 40 percent down from the record highs of around $20,000 reached in mid-December, wiping about $130 billion from its \u201cmarket cap.\
Native Americans Who Can't Afford Heat Take Desperate Measures To Stay Warm. \u201cOut here, it feels like we\u2019re in our own world. It doesn\u2019t feel like the U.S. It feels like a third-world country.\u201d
Jeff Bezos Announces $33 Million Scholarship Fund For 'Dreamers'. The grant will help 1,000 undocumented immigrant graduates of U.S. high schools.
Insurance Giant Aflac Reportedly Sued For Worker Exploitation. The company calls the allegations \baseless.\
Ford Urges Thousands Of Pickup Owners To Stop Driving After New Airbag Death. At least 21 deaths worldwide are linked to the Takata inflators that can rupture and send deadly metal fragments inside vehicles.
Philip Morris Says It's 'Trying To Give Up Cigarettes' In 2018. The tobacco company is pushing e-cigarettes instead, in what anti-smoking advocates are calling a \P.R. stunt.\
7 Secrets Self-Made Millionaires Teach Their Kids. What do you teach your kids about money, prosperity and how to get rich? If you\u2019re like most parents, the answer is probably
Minimum Wage Raises Coming To 18 States On New Year\u2019s Day. Some hikes are less than a quarter an hour. But when you're making minimum wage, every penny counts.
Apple Apologizes For Slowed iPhones, Drops Price Of Battery Replacements. The company dropped battery prices by $50, but some customers still aren't satisfied.
World's Wealthiest Billionaires Got Nearly $1 Trillion Richer In 2017. That's trillion with a T.
Dollar General To Create 400 New Jobs In Texas As It Expands In Rural America. The discount chain is building a new distribution center in the Lone Star State to support its growing store count.
Apple Hit With Lawsuits After Admitting It Intentionally Slowed Down iPhones. One lawsuit claims the tech giant engaged in \deceptive, immoral and unethical\ practices.
Social Commerce Takes Hold. Social media gets lots of press, but social commerce has been pretty much ignored. Why is that \u2014 and why does it matter in
Corporations Are Trying To Sell The GOP's Narrative On Tax Cuts. Bonuses for workers are smart PR, but they don't mean Republicans' trickle-down fantasies are coming true.
Papa Tossed! Pizza Chain Orders Up New CEO.. Papa John's has parted with its longtime CEO and founder John Schnatter.
Long Island Iced Tea Corp's Shares Skyrocket After Renaming Itself 'Long Blockchain Corp'. The surge in the company\u2019s stock price lifted its market capitalization to $92 million from $23.8 million as of Wednesday\u2019s close.
Alphabet's Eric Schmidt Stepping Down As Executive Chairman. Schmidt will continue to serve Alphabet as an adviser focused on technical and science issues.
Last-Minute Holiday Deliveries Mean Bad Working Conditions. Those packages don\u2019t appear by magic.
Alteryx Data Breach Exposes Information On 123 Million American Households. \u201cIf you\u2019re an American, your information probably was exposed,\ said the researcher who found the breach.
Bubbles. There has been much greater concern about the danger of asset bubbles ever since the collapse of the housing bubble sank
How Many Taxpayer Dollars Is An Amazon Warehouse Job Worth?. Forget the bidding war for Amazon's next headquarters. Local governments are already subsidizing the world's largest online retailer -- through its ever-growing fulfillment network.
If You Trust Big Corporations, Don\u2019t Read This. President Trump recently announced that he\u2019d like to \u201cscale back the scope of federal regulations to the level it stood in
ESPN President John Skipper Resigns Unexpectedly. Skipper cited substance addiction in a statement.
Purdue Pharma. Company complicit in hundreds of thousands of deaths claims \u201cThis is our fight, too.\u201d
Navajo Nation Sues Wells Fargo Over 'Outrageous,' Predatory Practices. The lawsuit claims the bank manipulated Navajo elders into opening savings accounts they didn't need.
Jim Spencer Died In A Pile Of Dirt. The Law Was Too Weak To Help.. $41,600 in fines, no criminal charges. A plumber\u2019s death in a trench cave-in shows how the country values the lives of workers.
Koch Nonprofit President\u2019s Anti-Net Neutrality Campaign. by Emma Leathley For the past three years, American Commitment, a small nonprofit with ties to the donor network spearheaded
Will There Be A Nielsen 2.0?. Media buyers, prepare
New York City Just Recognized That It's Not Only Women Who Have To Change Diapers. A new bill will require all public restrooms in New York City to have diaper changing tables.
Small Businesses Struggle With Year-End Payment Problems, Survey Shows. By Rieva Lesonsky The end of the year is a good time for small and midsize business owners who benefit from U.S. consumers
Is The #MeToo Movement Just For Outing Celebs And Politicians, Or Are Everyday Bosses Next?. Now that the Angelina Jolies and the Ashley Judds and the Minka Kellys and the Reah Bravos (Charlie Rose) and the Megyn Kellys
Sexual Harassment Comes At A Cost. So Does Speaking Up About It.. And the price is often steepest for the women who can least afford it.
Amazon Temp Workers Who Deliver The Holidays Are Getting Squeezed. The company uses contractors to avoid giving workers a fair wage and benefits.
CVS Pharmacy Buys Up Aetna Insurance In Latest Consolidation Of Pharmaceutical Power. How is it legal for the company that sells me my meds to own the company that is supposed to help me afford them?
Uber Paid 20-Year-Old Florida Man $100,000 To Keep Quiet About Data Breach. The breach exposed the personal data of 57 million Uber users.
Volkswagen Executive Gets Max Sentence Of 7 Years For Role In Emissions Scandal. \u201cThis crime ... attacks and destroys the very foundation of our economic system,\u201d the judge said.
Company Under Fire For Ad Saying 'You Won't Feel Like You're In China' On Buses. Illinois' Suburban Express later sent an \apology\ for its anti-Chinese email blast criticizing international students.
You Do Not Need To Buy This. Social science points to a few ways that people find lasting, deep satisfaction. None of them require a trip to the mall.
Net Neutrality Supporters To Protest At Verizon Stores Nationwide This Week. A vote by the FCC on Dec. 14 could let major companies have way more control over your internet access.
Amazon HQ2 In The Time Of Climate Change. Ranking possible destinations by their vulnerability to climate-driven disaster.
Hawaii Developer Under Fire For Segregated 'Poor Door' For Renters. The controversial entrance has been proposed across the country.
Trump's Labor Law Enforcer Freezes Worker-Friendly Reforms Made Under Obama. The National Labor Relations Board's new general counsel plans to take a much narrower view of worker rights than his predecessor, a new memo shows.
CVS Agrees To Buy Aetna In A $69 Billion Deal. Aetna Inc\u2019s board of directors approved the deal on Sunday, for approximately $207 per share in cash and stock.
Sheryl Sandberg Warns Of #MeToo Backlash Against Women. The Facebook executive is hearing people say this is why you shouldn't hire women. Actually this is why you should.
Trump Terrible 10. \There is no justice, the rich win, the poor are powerless. We become tired of hearing people lie.\ -- \The Verdict\ (1982
Corporate Crime Built Into The Business Model. I am an old-fashioned kind of guy
Why I Reached Out To Russell Simmons. One week before screenwriter Jenny Lumet gave her very graphic account in the Hollywood Reporter of her allegation that music
Randi Zuckerberg Says Alaska Air Staff Enabled Drunk Passenger To Harass Her. \They have had to talk to him about his behavior in the past, but oh well don\u2019t take it personally, this guy just doesn\u2019t have a filter,\ the media entrepreneur said.
In 8 Years, No Black Woman Listed Among 683 Panelists At Business Insider\u2019s Flagship Conference. The annual gathering of media and digital industry leaders appears to have a blind spot.
Hundreds Of Europe's Amazon Workers Plan Black Friday Strike. The walkout threatens profits on one of the biggest shopping days of the year.
24,000 Uber Drivers May Lose Their Side Hustle. Uber is truly a fascinating company. The 8-year-old firm is at once the source of strategy and business model admiration
Why The Hotel Industry Is Fighting Proposals To Give Housekeepers Panic Buttons. Despite tales of sexual harassment and assault, the leading industry lobby sees the devices as a \fig leaf\ and a \solution in search of a problem.\
Surprise Bidder For Weinstein Company Wants Embattled Studio To Be Led By Women. Former Obama official and businesswoman Maria Contreras-Sweet has reportedly submitted an offer to acquire TWC for $275 million.
Uber Paid Hackers $100,000 To Keep A Massive Data Breach Quiet. The hack affected 57 million people.
The Ultimate Roundup For Hundreds Of Black Friday Deals. Your one-stop-shop for all things Black Friday -- from beauty and fashion, to tech and home deals.
Did You Know Trump Made It Easier For Banks To Get Away With Screwing The Poor And Minorities?. Let\u2019s start by talking about Republican economic philosophy. To be sure, popular vote loser Donald Trump has not played a
'He Was Masturbating\u2026 I Felt Like Crying'. Low-wage workers have been fighting sexual harassment for years. The national conversation is finally catching up with them.
Verizon, Comcast Approach 21st Century Fox About Acquiring Assets. The assets were the subject of recent talks between Fox and Walt Disney Co.
All Of The Best Black Friday Deals, In One Exhaustive List. Check back, because we'll keep updating this list as the deals roll in \ud83d\udcb8
What To Buy On Black Friday At Target. There's no waiting in line when you shop online \ud83d\udc81
Which Stores Will Be Closed On Thanksgiving Day 2017?. Your holiday shopping can wait just one day.
Millennials Can Afford To Buy A Home In These States. There have been\u00a0a handful of reports\u00a0over the past year detailing why millennials are no longer buying homes. In addition
Main Streets, Malls And Sustainable Consumption. We are in the midst of a number of fundamental changes in the nature of work and in the way we spend our time when we\u2019re
Corporate America\u2019s Dirty Little Secret - Sexual Harassment. Men are starting to ask, \u201cWhat can I do?\u201d The exposure of rampant sexual harassment is sadly in the news every day. These
Ocwen Financial. Remember that obstinate computer from Stanley Kubrick\u2019s 2001
21st Century Fox Reportedly Looking To Sell Majority Of Company To Disney. The deal would leave behind a much smaller Fox focused on news and sports.
The Serious Price Of The Hyper-Convenient Economy. Apart from sensual appeals, the chief marketing wave in our country is selling convenience. It has reached a level of frenzy
Uber, Lyft Ban Far-Right Journalist Following Islamophobic Tweets. Commentator Laura Loomer promised legal action against the ride-sharing companies.
Seattle Woman Says Her Identity Has Been Stolen 15 Times Since Equifax Data Breach. \u201cI want to share my story and make people aware that this can happen to anybody.\u201d
To Create A New Amazon Village, It Takes A Graduate Degree (Or Two, Or Three). Amazon made headlines with its stupendous 1300% \u201cearnings beat\u201d for its most recent quarter that moved the company\u2019s stock
Because Sexual Abuse Is The Old Normal. Don\u2019t let Bill O\u2019Reilly dominate any part of our culture again.
Amazon Stock Surge Makes Jeff Bezos Richest Man On Earth. His net worth jumped $10.4 billion in a single day to $93.8 billion.
The Lack Of Women Leaders Is A National Emergency. Men run everything, and it's enough already. Want to stop sexual harassment? Fix this now.
CVS Is Reportedly In Talks To Acquire Aetna. The pharmacy chain's move is likely motivated by concerns Amazon could enter the health care sector.
Three Women Sue Uber For Discrimination Based On Gender And Race. The lawsuit says that Uber\u2019s compensation and other practices discriminate against women and people of color.
Target Claims It Won't Start Christmas Early, Then Starts Christmas Early Anyway. Retailer's promise not to launch the holiday season early comes with an asterisk.
Get Ahead Of The Problem. Hold a team meeting to let your employees know you have their back.
Lobbying Spending Hits Historic Lows. by Geoff West Washington lobbying groups spent less money and reported fewer lobbyists during the third quarter of 2017 than
The Most Common Financial Mistakes To Avoid. Take control of your money.
Move The Starting Line. Yes, she knows it sounds odd coming from someone with an undergraduate degree from Northwestern University and a masters
Why Is Nobel-Winning Economist Richard Thaler So Jovial?. When Professor Richard Thaler of the University of Chicago received the news that he had won the Nobel Memorial Prize in
Ian Schrager. Ian Schrager's trendy office in New York's Greenwich Village is bustling with activity on a humid, late September morning
Should These Anti-Consumer Laws Be Repealed Now?. Some rules and regulations work as intended. Some don't. Last week, I took a hard look at new laws that needed to be passed
Wyoming\u2019s Future Must -- And Will -- Depend On Innovative Gumption. Minerals revenue and trickle-down buying power are stalled and slumping.
15 Lessons Money Diarists Learned After Tracking Their Spending. One diarist, a 29-year-old executive assistant in New York City making $112,000 used her Money Diary to find places to cut back.
The Jobs From The North Dakota \u201cOil Miracle\u201d Have Disappeared. The idea that we shouldn\u2019t help workers through non-permanent bouts of joblessness is somewhat callous. (Hey, what\u2019s 40 weeks
American Richard Thaler Wins Nobel Economics Prize. He was honored for his contributions to behavioral economics.
It's Everywhere. Sometimes the law is on your side in cases of employment discrimination. And sometimes it isn\u2019t. If you are a woman, person
Employment Falls In September After Hurricanes Harvey And Irma Undercut Economic Activity. It's the first time employment has fallen in seven years.
Not Like Food TV. In the end, it doesn\u2019t matter if your food is prepared by a male or female chef, as long as it is the best meal you have
Preparing Americans For The Workforce of Tomorrow, Today. Growth and opportunity require robust new business creation.
Scam Alert! In A Hyperactive Hurricane Season, The Worst May Not Be Over. Harvey. Irma. Maria. In a hyperactive hurricane season, the mere mention of these storms evokes fear, dread -- and regret
A Comeuppance For Bank Of America?. Susan Richardson, a Bank of America foreclosure victim, certainly hopes so. With bated breath she\u2019s following a drama currently
Roy Moore Win Means GOP Civil War? Please. Rich Man's Tax Cut Shows What Really Unifies Republicans. Republican incumbents have been challenged and beaten by more extreme right-wingers.
Starbucks Under Fire For Giving Less Parental Leave To Hourly Workers. \This is a moral issue.\
Nothing To Fear But Yourself. The inside of a F-14 tomcat cockpit is not that much different than the workplace. And Carey Lohrenz would know. The country\u2019s
Gun Stocks Climb After Las Vegas Shooting. Heightened fear after mass shootings often leads to more gun sales.
Whole Foods' Yom Kippur Cake Doesn't Seem To Get The Holiday. Yom Kippur is typically observed by fasting.
Amazon's M&A Strategy Evolves. Amazon \u2015 already the world\u2019s largest internet retailer \u2015 makes headlines when it drives M&A to dominate a category like grocery
Equifax CEO Steps Down In The Wake Of Major Hack. A data breach at the credit monitoring company had exposed the private information of some 143 million Americans.
You\u2019re Hired! Change The Process To Fill The Gender Gap So Women In Tech Win. The women in tech pipeline problem starts not with whether or not a male or female candidate is hired, but how a candidate
You Probably Don't Know These Consumer Laws -- But You Should. It might be a stretch to say that American consumers are legally illiterate. After all, don't we watch Law & Order? In fact
Walmart Wants To Stick Groceries In Your Refrigerator While You're Away. Sure, it's creepy, but so is summoning strangers to pick you up at home in their own cars.
KB Home Cuts CEO's Annual Incentive Payment In Response To Vulgar Rant (UPDATE). CEO Jeffrey Mezger's mouth is going to cost him money.
The Equifax Breach Is Bad, But There Are Steps That Can Help. By Kathleen Krumpter, Senior Financial Counselor, New York Legal Assistance Group When I first saw the news that Equifax
Surprise! Amazon Seems To Think You're Pregnant. A mass email told customers they'd received a gift from their baby registry. Problem was, many aren't even expecting.
Facebook Enabled Advertisers to Reach \u2018Jew Haters\u2019. After being contacted by ProPublica, Facebook removed several anti-Semitic ad categories and promised to improve monitoring.
Destructive Stock Buybacks \u2014 That You Pay For. Burning trillions of dollars for the hyper enrichment of a handful of radical corporate state supremacists wasn\u2019t what classical capitalism was supposed to be about.
Dear Millennials, From Baby Boomers (And Vice Versa). Since September is Intergeneration Month, take time to appreciate the richness that comes with the collaboration of wise
Betcha Didn't Know Travel Insurance Covered That. Betsy Donley recommends travel insurance for all the reasons you'd imagine -- and a few you might not. It's commonly known
Reporter Writes Glowing Article About Elon Musk But Leaves Out Key Details. Recently, a major financial magazine published an article entitled \u201cThis Email from Elon Musk to Tesla Employees Describes
Equifax Hack Proves Strong Passwords Aren't Enough. Plain and simple
3 Reasons To Be Angry About Equifax\u2019s Data Breach, And How You Can Protect Yourself. Look\u2019s like the Attorney General is on it
Message To Uber\u2019s New CEO. The veil has lifted on Silicon Valley, revealing a culture rife with management and legal problems previously hidden behind
Equifax Says Hack Potentially Exposed Details Of 143 Million Consumers. The company said criminals had accessed details including names, social security numbers, and, in some cases, driver\u2019s license numbers.
DACA. DACA has ceased to exist as we have known it, leaving many disheartened wondering what the future holds for the lives and
5 Money-Related Things You Should Do This September. Doesn\u2019t it feel great to be so far ahead of the curve?
Elon Musk Predicts The Cause Of World War III (And It's Not Donald Trump). Tesla CEO issues a dire warning.
Does Your Credit Card Offer Enough Travel Insurance?. Read your card coverage carefully when you make your travel plans.
Tim Cook Not Backing Down From Protecting Dreamers. The Apple CEO said he stood with his young undocumented colleagues.
Amazon Sued For Allegedly Selling Defective Eclipse Glasses. Starting on August 10, Amazon began to email customers to issue a recall of potentially hazardous solar eclipse glasses.
Hurricane Harvey And The Failure Of The Free Market. This is a life-or-death situation.
10 Things To Immediately Do If You Want Your Small Business To Survive Hurricane Harvey Floods. According to SBA data, \u201cat least 25% of small businesses do not reopen.\u201d When most folks dream about starting a small business
Uber To Pull App Feature That Tracked Riders After Their Trips Ended. The change is in response to users and privacy advocates who complained about how the company collected its data.
So, Eclipse Boomtowns, How\u2019d It Go?. It matters a good deal to smaller towns with less vibrant economies, both as a one-time revenue boost as well as an aid to longer-term marketing efforts.
Uber Finds Itself In More Legal Trouble, This Time With The Justice Department. The DOJ is looking into claims Uber might have violated foreign-bribery laws.
For Women, New Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi Is Almost Certainly An Improvement. The bar is low, of course.
Waterproof Advice For Making Your Home Vacation-Ready. If you\u2019ve ever left for your summer vacation silently hoping your house would still be there \u2015 and in good working order
Uber Has Picked A New CEO. Here's What He Needs To Do Out Of The Gate.. Dara Khosrowshahi faces a long to-do list.
Hurricane Harvey Continues To Drench Texas, And Small Businesses Are Stepping Up To Help Small Businesses. As a kid growing up in my family\u2019s auto repair, paint and body business in Houston, Texas, my dad would always have our shop
Freelancing Is Not Easier Than \Regular\ Work. Freelancing, or at least moving to a freelance economy has provided us not with answers for the work-force that has bound
The Confessions Of Being A Freelance Writer. As writers, we get a lot of negativity based on what we like to do. Some people call us loners who stay in their own shells
South Korean Court Sentences Samsung Scion Jay Y. Lee To 5 Years For Corruption Scandal. Samsung Electronics Vice Chairman Jay Y. Lee, who denied wrongdoing, has been in detention since February.
Exxon Mobil 'Misled' Public On Climate Change For 40 Years, Harvard Study Finds. Researchers found a \systematic, quantifiable discrepancy\ between what the oil giant said about climate change in private versus what it told the public.
1 Winning Ticket In $758.7 Million Powerball Lottery. The winning numbers were 6, 7, 16, 23, 26. The Powerball is 4.
Why Great Managers Are Great Talent Scouts. Your talent is your tomorrow.
6 Habits Of People Who Make Things Happen. People who get things done are willing to embrace the suck and keep coming back for more.
How Do You Know You Have A Good Consumer Lawyer? Here Are The Signs. Diana Winkler suspected she'd found a great lawyer for her consumer case. The telltale signs were there
Neo-Nazi Site Daily Stormer Retreats To The Dark Web. Web host Namecheap became the latest in a string of tech companies to refuse service to the website.
Powerball Jackpot Balloons To $650 Million After No Winner Found. The next drawing for what is now the second-largest jackpot in the game's history is on Wednesday.
5 Principles For Working With Someone You Don\u2019t Like. One thing is certain in any business \u2013 not everyone you have to deal with will be like you, or will like you (and vice versa
Make America Safe Again. Through six months of Donald Trump the progressive resistance has been united by opposition to his policies. \u00a0The good news
Overcoming Fear, Managing Failure And Developing A Success Mindset. Fear is one of those things we\u2019ve all experienced at some point. In times of physical danger, fear can literally save our
10 Years After Financial Crisis, Our Elites Have Learned Nothing. If mortgage debt had not been tied to an asset that was hugely over-valued, there would not have been a crisis shaking the financial system.
GoDaddy Pulls The Plug On Neo-Nazi Website The Daily Stormer. The white supremacist site has been publishing its hate-filled propaganda online for years.
Google This. Answer with facts and evidence.
So You Hired A Racist. Now What?. The values they harbor have no place in society, let alone our payroll.
Are All Millennials Murderers?. Millennials have been getting hammered by the media and their older counterparts for years and it really needs to STOP! I
Early Uber Investor Suing Former CEO Travis Kalanick For Fraud. \Kalanick intentionally concealed and failed to disclose his gross mismanagement and other misconduct at Uber,\ the suit claims.
The One Thing Your Company Can Learn From Google\u2019s Diversity Debacle. Why your diversity and unconscious bias training is failing
For Consumer Problems, Sometimes The Best Advocate Has A Law Degree. In a do-it-yourself world, when shouldn\u2019t you do it yourself? That\u2019s sometimes hard to know with a consumer problem. Most
The Anti-Diversity Memo Leaked Out Of Google Is Typical Tech Industry Discrimination. A Google engineer's manifesto reveals the tech industry is not against declining profit to protect its exclusive pool of employees.
Gender Equality And The Invisible Problem In The Workplace. In a small, unassuming room on a university campus in the mid \u201980s, one man sat amongst eleven women. They were meeting to
Lessons In Being Human At Sleep Away Camp. What I learned about business from visiting day at summer camp.
12 Essential Habits of Exceptional Leaders. One of the most popular Dilbert comic strips in the cartoon\u2019s history begins with Dilbert\u2019s boss relaying senior leadership\u2019s
Martin Shkreli Found Guilty On Several Counts Of Fraud. The trial of the so-called \Pharma Bro\ centered around his stewardship of two hedge funds.
Uber Didn't Tell Its Drivers In Singapore Their Cars Had Been Recalled. Then one caught fire.
Billionaire\u2019s Plan To Sell A Publicly-Owned Airport Is A Lesson In Trumponomics. Billionaire Rex Sinquefield usually gets what he wants by spending big. An avid chess player, he poured tens of millions
The Cybercrime Scheme That Attacks Email Accounts And Your Bank Accounts. Cybercrime is ever present, and there is one particular fraud we all should be aware of\u2014particularly anyone who sends or
How To Stay Professional In The \u2018Always On\u2019 Business World. By Eric Lifson The workplace landscape has changed. Social media has given everyone the access to more information than could
New Export Opportunities And Investment Strengthen Louisiana-China Ties. By Sarah Wang, Project Assistant, East-West Center in Washington.\u00a0 Note
An Unusual Experiment With The Truth. An unusual experiment with the truth from Donald Trump
How 'Shareholder Value' Is Killing Innovation. The prevailing stock market ideology enriches value extractors, not value creators.
The 6 Biggest Lies Consumers Tell A Business. Buyers are liars. That\u2019s not an accusation, just a fact. Remember that University of Massachusetts study that found 60 percent
Why Your Boss Lacks Emotional Intelligence. Whether you\u2019re a leader now or may become one in the future, you don\u2019t have to succumb to this trend.
4 Attitudes Young Managers Can Learn From Older Employees. Last week\u2019s column addressed \u201cWhat Older Employees Can Learn From Young Executives.\u201d Granted, all five characteristics represent
What Firing An Employee Teaches You About Your Company's Culture. By Adam Mendler I often tell people that despite going to business school for six years, the best learning experiences have
6 Consumer Mistakes You Absolutely, Positively Must Avoid This Summer. You've probably already heard a lot of advice about what you should do do this summer -- buy this, vacation there, see that
How Some Rich People Are Trying To Dismantle Inequality. By Erynn Beaton, The Ohio State University; Maureen A. Scully, University of Massachusetts Boston; and Sandra Rothenberg
The 9 Worst Mistakes You Can Ever Make At Work. We\u2019ve all heard of (or seen firsthand) people doing some pretty crazy things at work. Truth is, you don\u2019t have to throw a
\u2018Nobody Speak\u2019. When documentary filmmaker Brian Knappenberger set out to make a film about Hulk Hogan\u2019s lawsuit against Gawker Media, he
Boss Of Coal-Hauling Railroad Says 'Fossil Fuels Are Dead'. As President Donald Trump works to reverse coal's decline, the CEO of CSX Corp. said his company will stop new investments in transporting the energy source.
Paid Family Leave Is Not Just A Women's Issue. It is a business issue and an economic imperative.
The Federal Reserve Board. A high employment economy is an effective way to reduce racial discrimination in the labor market.
Chipotle Reopening Restaurant Linked To Customer Illnesses. The company suspects norovirus was to blame.
How Much Is A Boss Worth?. An awful lot of Americans are skeptical about the value of their nation\u2019s corporate executives. As a 2016 nationwide survey
Please Stop Saying These Ridiculous Phrases. At first, euphemisms surfaced in the workplace to help people deal with touchy subjects that were difficult to talk about
Why We Need To Save The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Consumers need protection from misbehaving companies.
Building A Team That Scales With Your Startup. By Ashwini Asokan In the startup deadline world, to think consistently about the nuances of a growing and hardworking team
11 Ways To Involve Employees In Creating Company Culture. There are a lot of different ways to create a company culture. One of them is getting employees involved in the process. This
5 Interview Questions You Should Always Be Prepared To Answer. 1. Walk me through your r\u00e9sum\u00e9.
Credit Card Fraud. Bruno Buonaguidi, Universit\u00e0 della Svizzera italiana If you are the owner of a credit or a debit card, there is a non-negligible
5 Tips For Saving Money While Dining Out. reviewing the menu in advance gives you a chance to do some fast math on the price per entr\u00e9e (or glass of ros\u00e9).
When It's Time To Take Your Business Elsewhere, Here's The Right Way To Exit. Can we talk about the end? It\u2019s that moment when you say, \u201cThat\u2019s it. I\u2019m taking my business elsewhere.\u201d And you mean it
The 10 Best U.S. Cities For Retirement. Next question
Everyone Should Sell Their Fossil Fuel Stocks. Clean energy is the future, and it\u2019s the only smart bet for business.
From Gates To Zuckerberg To... Kalanick? What Went Wrong With Uber CEO. In his early days growing Microsoft, Bill Gates was reported to be the original enfant terrible. Very tough on people and
The Destructive Power Trips Of Amazon\u2019s Boss. For his smallish stature, Amazon Boss Jeff Bezos has a booming, uproarious laugh. Unleashed during workdays, its sonic burst
We're Still In? Business Has Much More To Do If It Wants To Be A Climate Leader. Many corporations have been merely walking the talk on climate change for a while now.
How To Improve Your Listening Skills At Work. Whether you\u2019re new on the job or you\u2019ve been employed at your company for while, everyone can use a lesson in improving how
How To Find A Company That Exceeds Your Wildest Expectations. I know you\u2019re silently laughing at that headline. Stop it, already. There are still a few good companies left that care more
How Successful People Overcome Toxic Bosses. Bad bosses contaminate the workplace. Some do so obliviously, while others smugly manipulate their employees, using them
9 Of The Boldest Buildings In The History Of The World\u2019s Fair. Saint Louis Art Museum Location
This $130 Million Hyperloop Hotel Lets You Zip Between Cities Without Leaving Your Hotel Room. The actual technology to build a Hyperloop Hotel does not currently exist. But that's not to say it couldn't happen sometime
Why Uber Should Hire A Woman CEO. To put it mildly, Uber is the midst of an identity crisis right now. To name a few of its problems, CEO Travis Kalanick recently
Tax Scams Are On The Rise, And Recognizing Them Is Getting Harder. Make sure you\u2019re really paying your tax debt and not lining the pocket of a scam artist.
Takata Corp. Files For Bankruptcy Following Massive Airbag Recall. It is the biggest bankruptcy of a Japanese manufacturer.
Immigration Crackdown Expected To Increase Crops Left Unharvested In California Fields. \There aren't enough workers, and everyone is fighting for everybody else's workers,\ says one vineyard owner.
You Can't Shop Locally If There Are No Local Shops. NEW YORK \u2013 Lifestyles involve having convenience stores within reach -- if you go to work daily, don\u2019t drive around the city
Why Successful People Never Bring Smartphones Into Meetings. Why do so many people find smartphone use during meetings inappropriate?
The 9 Worst Mistakes You Can Ever Make At Work. Self-awareness is a critical skill in the workplace.
How Successful People Stay Productive And In Control. When they slip up, they simply forgive themselves and move on.
Layoffs Near At Carrier Factory 'Saved' By Trump. More than 600 workers will lose their jobs in the coming months.
Verizon New York 2016 Annual Report Reveals Massive Financial Cross-Subsidies. State Investigation Heats Up; FCC\u2019s Deformed Accounting Rules To Blame. At the core of this, Verizon NY is still the state-based telecommunications utility serving the majority of New York State
A Glimmer Of Hope In Our Skills Gap Crisis. When President Trump introduced us to the \u201cBuy American, Hire American\u201d executive order in April, his electoral base applauded
Why Everyone Should Just Stop Yelping. After reaching Elite status, I ceased Yelping and later deleted my account.
Here Are Some Of The People Who Could Replace Travis Kalanick As Uber CEO. All of the obvious choices also happen to be some of Kalanick's closest advisers.
What's Next For Uber?. Here's what experts say the new CEO will have to tackle first.
Uber Founder Travis Kalanick Resigns As CEO. Kalanick\u2019s exit came after a shareholder revolt reportedly made it untenable for him to stay.
Wait, Uber Is Giving Up How Much Money To Replace Travis Kalanick?. A deeper look at the value of one man (and why Uber is still moving on).
Uber Pulls A U-Turn, Decides Tipping Is OK After All. Pay has been a big issue for drivers.
How The 2020 Olympics Will Reshape Tokyo's Skyline. Toyko will be left with a skyline full of innovative new buildings.
Your Consumer Rights Are Disappearing, But Here's How To Protect Yourself Now. It's not your imagination. Your consumer rights are vanishing. Not a day seems to go by that you don't see news of another
Good Leaders Have Good Interfaces. The more aware you are of how you interact impacts others, the more likely you can lead them.
Whole Foods vs. Trader Joe's, And Now Amazon Steps In. We had been trying to get Whole Foods to open a store in Nashville for about 15 years, so imagine our joy when they finally
Look At How Uber's Top Leadership Has Crumbled. CEO Travis Kalanick's resignation is only the latest departure from the ride-hailing company
Subjugation In Steel. One cost of freedom is steel. To remain independent, America must maintain its own vibrant steel industry. Steel is essential
The Trump Administration\u2019s Underrated Threat To The IRS. If further weakening of IRS funding doesn\u2019t do enough damage to the federal government\u2019s ability to collect revenue, an even more worrisome possibility looms.
Uber Releases Scathing Independent Report Documenting Company's Mistakes. The company commissioned a probe after a former engineer wrote a blog post alleging rampant sexual harassment.
Travis Kalanick Takes Leaves Of Absence From Post As Uber CEO. The executive's mother died in a boating accident last month.
A Father's Day Gift To Our Daughters -- Making The Connection. Dads, is the workplace ready for your daughter? Most men today never make the connection that if we as men, as fathers of
Here's How The Business Community Is Supporting Diversity And Inclusion. We often talk about the role of the \u201cbusiness community\u201d in building a better society. Here's how we start
The Lies Your Financial Advisor Tells (And How To Spot Them). When it comes to getting advice \u2015 especially financial advice \u2015 truth can be such a relative thing. If you\u2019re an individual
Selling Back To The Public What It Already Owned. In the public-private partnership, the private entity rakes it in \u2013 and the public is thrown into crisis.
Report. The recommendations included imposing new controls on company spending, human resources and other areas where executives had wide discretion.
Caffeine Is A Silent Performance Killer. This tip for improving your performance is the most simple and straightforward method I\u2019ve provided thus far. For many people
What's Diversity Got To Do With It?. By Ruben Cantu Over the past five years, the landscape of the Austin tech startup scene has changed. Some would argue the
Uber's CEO Needs To Step Down. A company's culture starts at the top and Kalanick's track record of condoning and encouraging harassment and discrimination are now clear.
Uber Fires 20 After Harassment Probe. The firings come after an investigation into 215 HR claims.
Uber Refunds Fares After Uproar Over London Terror Price Surge. Prices soared as people scrambled to flee the London Bridge attack.
15 Habits That Could Be Hurting Your Business Relationships. While everyone wants to appear confident and capable, odd verbal tics and off-putting body language can jeopardize your chances
9 Things Successful People Won't Do. My last post, How Successful People Stay Calm, really struck a nerve. The trick is that managing your emotions is as much
We Need Innovation On How To Innovate. Let\u2019s go to Denmark. The tiny little fairytale country in calm and quite Scandinavia. When a small country like that suddenly
How Successful People Stay Calm. The ability to manage your emotions and remain calm under pressure has a direct link to your performance.
Why Modern Work Is So Boring. We have collectively chosen to make work pay more rather than be more interesting.
Mylan May Have Overcharged U.S. For EpiPen By $1.27 Billion. The amount is nearly three times a proposed settlement that the company announced in October.
The Friendship Clause. Who has experienced a moment in their lives where something happened that forever changed the course of their career? Like
6 Things That Always Go On Sale In June. Cue the back-to-school savings.
6 Ways To Score Shopping Deals When You Left All Your Coupons At Home. There\u2019s a reason you have a smartphone.
Exxon Shareholders Push Company To Be More Transparent About Climate Risks. Meanwhile, President Donald Trump reportedly plans to pull the U.S. out of the historic Paris climate pact.
3 Ways To Test For Cultural Fit At Your Next Interview. Some things can\u2019t quite be measured by a sterling resum\u00e9 and perfect answers to standard job interview questions. More and
An Open Letter To Brokers. I come in peace. I have been hard on you in the past. At times, I was insensitive to the fact that you are husbands, wives
How Much Time Do You Waste In Meetings?. Meetings can be effective tools for entrepreneurs, but only if you use them effectively. Meetings are designed to gather
The Rise Of Autonomous Cars May Mean The Fall Of Ridesharers. Ridesharers\u2019 success today and possible misfortune tomorrow has a proximate cause
Whether You're A Business Or Building A Personal Brand, 3 Reasons Why You Absolutely Need A Mission Statement. A large percentage of companies, including most of the Fortune 500, have corporate mission statements. According to Randell
6 Summer Scams And How To Avoid Them. As the weather gets warmer, mosquitos and ticks re-enter our lives, and along with them comes their larger cousin, the scam
Britain's Growing Bookmaking Industry, And The Challenges Ahead. While the spectre of Brexit continues to impact on the UK, there are some national industries that are continuing to thrive
5 Lessons From Big Business That I\u2019ve Gladly Taken Home. Major corporations get a bad rap, in the media and online. It's not hard to understand why - as in so many other things, the
How Being An Immigrant Helped Me Become A Better CEO. America is known as a land of not just opportunity, but also as a center of entrepreneurial innovation and a magnet for talent
The 3 Ways In Which Strategic Influence Is Different for Women. By
Uber Vows To Repay NYC Drivers 'Tens Of Millions' After Tax Snafu. The company says it miscalculated its commission for several years.
Expert Conversation. Luxury exists in most human societies throughout the world but in different forms.\u00a0Gratisography/Pexels \u00a0L\u00e9a Barreau
10 Behaviors That Highlight Your Leadership Ability. Based on my years of experience as a new business advisor, I always find leadership to be more important to business success
Leave This At Home When You Go Shopping (Or You'll Regret It). What should you leave at home when you go shopping this summer? Jennifer Boaro prefers this strategy
Marchinonne's Bet Against History. The news that Fiat-Chrysler is the latest auto-maker caught having massively \u2013 and probably illegally \u2013 exceeded allowable
10 Habits Of Super Likeable Leaders. If you want to be a leader whom people follow with absolute conviction, you have to be a likeable leader. Tyrants and curmudgeons
Woman Awarded $100,000 For Starbucks Coffee Burns. Joanne Mogavero suffered first- and second-degree burns after coffee spilled on her lap, her lawyers say.
10 Things That Set The Best Bosses Apart. They're grateful.
Wall Street Is Starting To Panic About Trump. Stocks dropped 1.8 percent Wednesday.
Why Janitors Get Noncompete Agreements, Too. States are considering banning noncompete agreements for certain groups of workers, such as low-wage workers, teenagers and
The Tech Giant Suing Uber Is Taking Its Technology To Lyft. Waymo has accused Uber of stealing its work on self-driving vehicles.
6 Things You Should Never Say During An Interview. Now go land that dream job.
5 Points To Consider When Negotiating Your Salary. Rarely will an employer rescind an offer due to you negotiating.
12 Daily Habits Of Exceptional Leaders. One of the most popular\u00a0Dilbert\u00a0comic strips in the cartoon\u2019s history begins with Dilbert\u2019s boss relaying senior leadership\u2019s
6 Honest Mistakes That Can Get You Fired. There are so many things that can get good, hard-working people fired. Honest mistakes often carry hard-hitting consequences
8 Powerful Habits Of Profoundly Influential People. Influential people have a profound impact on everyone they encounter. Yet, they achieve this only because they exert so much
In A Win For Waymo, Judge Rules Uber Lawsuit Will Go To Trial. Uber had sought a private resolution by arbitration.
4 Business Mistakes I'll Never Make Again. This is your marathon \u2015 not sprint \u2015 moment.
Navigating Emotional Labor At Work. There is a generally-unspoken, but well-understood rule of the workplace
Emotional Literacy Is As Simple As Reading The Room. What\u2019s wrong? This two-word question can summarily improve a brand. Think about it
Crayola Unveils True-Blue Crayon, And You Get The Chance To Name It. But will it ever help us forget Dandelion yellow?
Uber's Self-Driving Program At Risk As Judge Considers Heated Case Brought By Rival. Despite ample evidence, Waymo so far lacks a \smoking gun,\ the judge said.
Family Says They Were Forced Off Overbooked Delta Flight Over Child's Seat. The Schear family of Southern California says they were threatened with jail time and having their kids taken away.
5 Tricks To Make Your Identity Portfolio More Secure. I\u2019ve written extensively about the importance of building a credit portfolio. Credit equals buying power, which, when used
Uber Is In Court Today, Fighting For Its Very Existence. The future of the company's self-driving unit hangs on the judge's decision.
Facebook Hires Thousands To Review Posts After Rash Of Live-Streamed Violence. An additional 3,000 people will help filter content on the social network.
Pay Raise For Workers; Jobs For Unemployed. America needs a pay raise. Now. How we treat the least in society reflects our values. As a nation, we need to ask ourselves
Delta Under Fire After Pilot Appears To Hit Passenger. The company has defended the employee, who it said was breaking up a fight.
Is There Any Way To Stop Ad Creep?. By Mark Bartholomew, University at Buffalo, The State University of New York Ethics lawyers and historians have argued that
Delta Air Lines\u2026Did We Not Learn Anything From The United Debacle?. As an Atlanta resident, I LOVE Delta Airlines. As a corporate trainer however, I cringe at some of their recent leadership
How To Find Your Voice As A Leader And Speak Your Mind. Chances are that as children, Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, and Barack Obama watched and admired a parent or another close
Head Of Uber's Self-Driving Car Effort Steps Down. Anthony Levandowski moves to a different job at the company as a lawsuit filed by rival Waymo heads for trial.
Facebook's New Anti-Fake News Strategy Is Not Going To Work \u2013 But Something Else Might. \Fake news\ = propaganda
Read This Before Calling Your Boss A 'Nasty Motherf**ker'. It's protected, but only in certain cases.
Uber Says It Will Start Offering Flying Taxis In 2020. Uber says the vehicles will be quiet and have zero operational emissions.
Waymo Is Quietly Winning The Self-Driving Car Race. While Uber was talking, the Google spin-off was rolling.
Chobani Sues Alex Jones For Posting Vicious Fake News Stories. The yogurt company says the falsified reports led to customers' calls to boycott their products.
What If Uber Is A Joke?. While Uber\u2019s impact on the taxi industry is clearly not a joke, the market valuation of the company may well be.
How To Get A Raise Without Asking For One. We all want to get ahead. Still, even when it seems you\u2019re doing everything right\u2014you\u2019re never late to work, rarely take
How 'Cool Syndrome' Is Killing Our Careers. A version of this post was originally posted on Forbes. Sign up for Caroline\u2019s newsletter to get her articles sent straight
American Airlines Suspends Worker After Ugly Confrontation In Which A Mom Was Allegedly Hit In The Face. Video shows the employee challenging a passenger to \c\u2019mon, hit me.\
Trump Is Even Less Popular Than United Airlines. But both are pretty unpopular right now.
San Francisco Power Outage Hits 90,000, Business District Affected. Officials said an incident at a San Francisco substation caused the outage.
United CEO Oscar Munoz Thought He Would Be Chairman. Not Anymore.. The company also missed a deadline to explain why a passenger was violently removed from a flight.
Why Tax Collection Scams Are Getting Harder To Stop. Leave it to our friends in Washington to take a bad situation and make it worse.
New York City Might Force Uber To Allow In-App Tipping For Drivers. \It\u2019s just not possible to make it on straight UberX rates.\
Using The United Fiasco To Flourish In The Future. How many \u201cexperts\u201d does it take to offer commentary and advice on a customer service catastrophe? The apparent answer is
2 Companies Intervene To Block Their Drugs In 'Assembly Line' Arkansas Executions. Use of the drugs in the planned seven executions \runs counter to manufacturers' mission to save lives,\ the firms say.
United Airlines. At this point, it would be hard to find someone who has not seen the horrifying video footage of police officers forcibly
United Airlines Wants YOU To Be Its Next Public Relations Manager. \Being part of big, transformative moments like this are rare,\ the company says.
David Dao, Dragged United Passenger, Suffered Broken Nose, Missing Teeth, Lawyer Says. \Are we gonna continue being treated like cattle?\ attorney Thomas Demetrio said Thursday.
Trump\u2019s Tax Giveaway To Wall Street Is Shameful. Under Trump\u2019s plan, tax-dodging banks would pay even less.
UA 3411. In America, when a source of authority says it randomly singles you out, you should always be wary.
When Companies Serve Their Customers Too Well, Nobody Wins. But You Can.. Is it possible for a company to be too good? Can a business outperform its competitors, spoil its customers, dominate the
Civic-Minded Construction. The U.S. Construction industry is a $1.73 trillion industry. Its more than 700,000 companies account for over 7 million American
Feds Investigating Forcible Ejection Of Passenger On United Flight. Airlines are required to have \fair boarding\ procedures, a Department of Transportation statement says.
Donald Trump's New York Modeling Agency To Shut Down. The company has been accused of booking jobs for immigrants without obtaining proper work visas.
Read The Full Text Of United CEO's Controversial Letter To Employees. \Our agents were left with no choice.\
The Savings And Stability Of Public Banking. There needs to be much more education of state legislators and the public at large.
Risking Your Life For Corporate Camaraderie. Imagine being submerged inside a downed aircraft in icy water, knowing that to reach air and safety you have to work with
The Best Ways For Freelancers To Communicate With Clients. As a freelancer, you must have a solid system in place for communicating with clients. Without this, you\u2019ll find it difficult
Passengers Aren\u2019t The Priority For United Airlines. The airline's tone-deaf public relations response to its most recent controversy demonstrates disregard for customers.
Wells Fargo Execs Behind Sham Account Scandal Forced To Pay Millions Back To Company. The bank is set to take back over $180 million in forfeitures, clawbacks and compensation adjustments.
\u201cI\u2019m Sorry\--The Two Tragically Forgotten Words In Customer Service. Unfortunately, I was one of those frustrated passengers caught in the midst of the recent spring break travel nightmare that
It\u2019s Not Always Better To Do It Yourself. The self-checkout machines that permeate grocery, home improvement and big box stores are a customer and worker\u2019s worst nightmare
U.S. Labor Department Accuses Google of 'Significant' Gender Pay Gap. Company discrimination is \quite extreme, even in this industry.\
9 Telltale Signs That It's Time To Quit Your Job. Choosing to leave a job can be a gut-wrenching decision. You need to know that you\u2019re making the right choice.
Job Growth Cools, Unemployment Rate Falls To 4.5 Percent. Job growth slowed sharply in March amid continued layoffs in the retail sector.
9 Bad Manager Mistakes That Make Good People Quit. If you want your best people to stay, you need to think carefully about how you treat them.
Uber Resumes Self-Driving Car Program In San Francisco After Crash. Uber\u2019s San Francisco program is currently in development mode. It has two cars registered with the California Department of Motor Vehicles, but is not transporting passengers.
Legal Battle Revs Up Over Marketing Defective Used Cars As 'Safe'. In essence, the concern is that buyers will have a false sense of security.
Flexibility Will Close The Women\u2019s Leadership Gap. We remain grossly underrepresented in nearly every industry.
Uber Halts Self-Driving Car Fleet After Crash In Arizona. No one was injured when an SUV flipped on its side in Tempe.
United Airlines Defends Right To Block Girls In Leggings. The young passengers had to follow a dress code because they were traveling as guests of employees, the company said.
8 Stupid Office Rules That Drive Everyone Crazy. Companies need to have rules\u2014that\u2019s a given\u2014but they don\u2019t have to be shortsighted and lazy attempts at creating order. I
Trump Says Charter To Invest $25 Billion In U.S., Hire 20,000 Workers. Much of the announcement was not new
Uber Board Stands By Embattled CEO. Despite an unending string of controversy, Travis Kalanick's job is secure, a board member told reporters on a conference call.
Slump In Financials Sends Wall St. Lower. \u201cRepublicans should have prioritized tax reform ahead of healthcare reform.\
In The Age Of Laissez Faire Regulation, The Ground Is Shifting Under Consumers. Here's What It Means.. If the recent news from Washington isn\u2019t a little unsettling, maybe you should look again. A new administration has brought
Uber President Jeff Jones Quits Amid Company Controversies. The company's No. 2 executive resigned after just six months on the job.
Someone Copied The Wrong Person On An Email, And It Just Might Destroy Uber. It's Uber versus Google in a tale of corporate intrigue.
9 Brands That Should Delete Their Account After That Tweet. We all make terrible Twitter mistakes. But these are egregious.
High-Paying Job Listings Are Written To Attract Men, Study Finds. Another reason there aren't enough women at the top.
When Is Regulation Excessive?. What matters is whether the objectives of regulation are being achieved.
Nike Middle East's Badass New Ad Breaks Barriers And Defies Stereotypes. One of the most empowering things a woman can do for another woman is inspire her to come into herself and take charge of
New Research Shows That We're Wired To Take The Path Of Least Resistance. We can't keep taking the easy way out.
Higher Interest Rates \u2013 Oh, Goodie!. Loose money and financial deregulation are not a good combination.
Volkswagen Pleads Guilty In U.S. Court In Diesel Emissions Scandal. \VW AG is pleading guilty to all three counts because it is guilty on all three counts.\u201d
China Moves To Approve At Least 35 Trump Trademarks. The approvals underline the complexities and potential concerns over conflicts of interest facing the president.
Electronics Store RadioShack Files For Bankruptcy Again. RadioShack will close approximately 200 stores and will evaluate options on the remaining 1,300.
Snap Shares Tumble As Short Sellers Move In. It's ugly.
Uber Has A Secret Program Called 'Greyball' It Uses To Evade Police. \I'm not sure there's anything illegal about it,\ a law professor told HuffPost.
Bay Area School Gets Rich Quick On Snapchat Investment. \God's looking out for us,\ a former president of the Catholic high school said.
NBCUniversal Invested $500 Million In Snap Inc As Part Of IPO. \u201cWith the Snap investment, we have invested over $1.5 billion in promising digital businesses in the last eighteen months.\u201d
Snap's Shares Pop After $3.4 Billion IPO. The owner of the popular disappearing-message app has a market value of roughly $24 billion.
Yahoo's Marissa Mayer Loses Bonus For Handling Of 'Security Incident'. About 500 million Yahoo users' accounts may have been compromised in the 2014 hacking.
In A 1991 Film, Shell Oil Issued A Stark Warning About Climate Change Risks. And much of it has proved to be true.
Snap Tops Expectations In Pricing Of Long-Awaited IPO. Snap Inc holds the richest valuation in a U.S. tech IPO since Facebook in 2012.
If You Have One Of These Toys In Your House, You May Want To Stop Using It. More than 800,000 users are affected.
Restricting Immigration Won\u2019t Make American Industries Great Again. President Trump\u2019s path to the White House was paved in part by his hardline approach to immigration. For Trump, \u201cMaking America
Warren Buffett Rails Against Fee-Hungry Wall Street Managers. \u201cWhen trillions of dollars are managed by Wall Streeters charging high fees, it will usually be the managers who reap outsized profits, not the clients,\u201d the billionaire said.
7 Ways Managers Motivate And Demotivate Employees. Few things are as costly and disruptive as managers who kill morale.
PwC and The Huffington Post Ask. We\u2019re just a few days away from the 89th Academy Awards, an evening in which years of hard work culminate in dreams coming
Waymo Says Uber Stole Critical Self-Driving Technology, Files Suit. Uber poached several top minds from Google's self-driving project.
Early Uber Investors Call On Company To Change 'Destructive Culture'. \Uber has had countless opportunities to do the right thing\u200a.\
A Grim Pattern. In states that were carried by Donald Trump, the chances of dying at work are higher than in states that Hillary Clinton won.
New Jobs For Lawyers, Coders, And Everybody Else. The latest news about employment opportunities offers a comeuppance to those who enjoyed a bit of \u201cschadenfreude\ in the
Verizon Agrees To Buy Yahoo's Core Internet Business At $350 Million Discount. The deal will combine Yahoo's search, email and messenger assets as well as advertising technology tools with Verizon's AOL unit.
Uber Taps Eric Holder To Lead Investigation Into Sexual Harassment Claims. A former employee blogged about her experience as an engineer for the company.
Uber Promises Investigation After Former Engineer Blogs About Rampant Sexual Harassment. \What she describes is abhorrent and against everything Uber stands for and believes in,\ Uber's CEO said.
How To Negotiate The Salary You Deserve. As a lawyer who spent 11 years settling large insurance claims and negotiating attorney\u2019s fees with some of the most contentious
Work Like Obama. Obama became a master of compartmentalizing his time and focus over the course of his presidency.
Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is. Vote With Your Dollars. Economic pressure is real.
Asian Americans versus Asian Americans. Asian immigrants are disappointed Asian Americans are not more welcoming even as they fear their own children will turn into Asian Americans.
This Is The First 10 Years Of Your Career. You push the glass doors open for the first time. It's a beautiful office. One that only a huge multinational company like
10 Things Smart People Won't Say. There are some things you simply never want to say at work.
Is The Dow Jones Industrial Average Index Misleading Or Meaningless Or Both?. Like many of us, I thought that the Dow Jones industrial Average index (DJIA) is comprising thirty of the most important
Amazon Gets Heat Over Holocaust Denial Books. Company yanks books from countries where they're illegal following investigation.
Price Wrong and Lower Your Profits. 
Oscarnomics 2017. 
5 Success Practices of Ultra-Effective Business Teams. 
Pet Health Insurance. 
Bay Area Floats 'Sanctuary In Transit Policy' To Protect Commuting Immigrants. The proposal calls for limiting collaboration between BART police and federal agencies.
Exxon Adviser Resigns Over Oil Giant's 'Targeted Attacks' On NGOs. In the face of public criticism, the oil giant has chosen to shoot the messenger, says Sarah Labowitz, a human rights scholar at NYU.
Judge Blocks $48 Billion Anthem-Cigna Merger. The ruling derails an unprecedented effort to consolidate the country\u2019s health insurance industry.
Facebook Recognizes Everyone Needs Paid Time Off. Not Just Parents.. All employees will now get 6-weeks paid family leave, on top of 4 months off available to moms and dads.
Starbucks Offering Employees Free Legal Advice On Immigration. The announcement comes shortly after the coffee company's CEO pledged to hire 10,000 refugees.
Elon Musk's Tesla, SpaceX Join Companies Opposing Donald Trump's Immigration Order. So far, there are 127.
Tech Giants Rail Against Donald Trump's Immigrant Ban In Legal Brief. \American workers and the economy will suffer as a result\ of the executive order.
'Bipartisan Beer' And The Telling Tale Of Anheuser-Busch\u2019s Super Bowl Ad. Telling a company\u2019s heroic \u201cheritage story\u201d has become a popular marketing tool.
The Dangers Of DIY Legal. Raise your hand if you have used a DIY contract template in your business. Raise your hand again if you think you are legally
Super Bowl Ads Are a Great Way to Waste Money. 
DON'T PANIC! That Bacon Shortage You Keep Hearing About Isn't Real. No, America isn't running out of bacon.
Snap Makes $3 Billion IPO Details Public. Snap Inc could be valued at between $20 billion to $25 billion.
Ikea\u2019s New Project Will Create Jobs For Syrian Refugees. The company plans to employ Syrian refugees living in Jordan to produce a new line of handwoven rugs and textiles.
Donald Trump's Muslim Ban Hits Dollar, Slams Stocks. It's the currency's worst start to a year in more than a decade.
Starbucks Rips Trump Policies, Vows To Hire 10,000 Refugees. Pledge follows Mexicans' call to boycott American products.
10 Harsh Lessons That Will Make You More Successful. Everyone fails in life, and failure can be a crushing experience. The only thing that separates successful people from the rest is how they respond after they fail.
Dow Tops Historic 20,000 Mark. Investors are banking on pro-growth policies and tax cuts from the new administration.
Can Chevron Avoid Paying Clean-Up Costs By Hiding Behind Shell Companies? A Canadian Judge Seems To Think That's Just Fine.... Everybody knows that you bury a bad news story by putting it out late on Friday afternoon. If it\u2019s really bad, you might
DOJ Sues JPMorgan For Racial Discrimination. The suit claim that the bank charged African-American and Hispanic borrowers more than white borrowers with the same credit profile.
British American Tobacco Agrees To Buy Rival Reynolds For $49 Billion. The deal will mark the return of BAT to the lucrative and highly regulated U.S. market after a 12-year absence.
Trump Threatens BMW With Border Tax On Cars Built In Mexico. The President-Elect said BMW should build its new car factory in the United States because this would be \u201cmuch better\u201d for the company.
American Apparel Stores To Close After Canadian Purchase. All 110 stores, as well as the company's Los Angeles headquarters, are slated to close by the end of April.
Facebook Back Online For Users Worldwide After Partial Outage. Happy Friday the 13th, everyone.
Amazon Says It Plans To Add 100,000 Jobs. Most of those positions will probably be in the retailer's growing number of fulfillment centers.
Volkswagen Agrees To Pay $4.3B To Resolve U.S. Emissions Troubles. Prosecutors also charged six Volkswagen executives and employees, for their roles in the nearly 10-year conspiracy.
Volkswagen Confirms $4.3 Billion U.S. Settlement Over Diesel Scandal. The guilty plea is part of the civil and criminal deal as the automaker looks to restore its tarnished brand.
FBI Arrests Volkswagen Executive In Emissions Scandal. Oliver Schmidt, who oversaw the automaker's regulatory compliance office, faces fraud charges.
Uber Unveils 'Movement' Tool To Help City Planners Better Analyze Traffic Patterns. Smart infrastructure decisions help everyone, including Uber.
How To Take Advantage Of Trending News Stories. 
Polarize the 24/7 Hustle Mentality and Focus on Becoming Productive Instead. 
Goals 2017. 
Two-Factor Authentication. 
The Euro May Already Be Lost. This entry has been co-written with Dr. Heikki Koskenkyl\u00e4 and Dr. Peter Nyberg. The 1st of January 2017 marked the 18th anniversary
Data Data Everywhere, But Not a Drop to Use...Or is There?. 
Jobs Report. The participation rate remains near multi-decade lows.
Chipotle Customers Haven\u2019t Forgotten The Chain\u2019s Food Safety Crisis. A new poll shows why the fast-casual chain still might not be out of the woods.
New York City Wants Uber To Hand Over Passengers' Trip Data. The city's Taxi & Limo Commission doesn't have the best track record at keeping rider data private -- but neither does Uber.
Time To Tax Netflix? Some Cities, And A State, Think So. Imposing taxes on streaming services like Netflix and Spotify angers consumers, but cities need the cash. By Elaine S. Povich
5 Times to Pick Up the Telephone Instead. 
A Kink in the Works. 
Former Atheist Mark Zuckerberg Gets Religion. \I went through a period when I questioned things,\ he posts on Facebook.
Boss Offers Free Caribbean Cruise to 800 Workers. Incentive makes a splash with Iowa cabinet company employees.
How Investors Pushed Corporates to Disclose Climate Risk in 2016. 
The Sky's the Limit for Amazon. 
The Cloud and Your Business. 
The Joy of Being Wrong When a Subordinate Disagrees With You. 
Disrupting Disruption. 
Amazon Has Best-Ever Holiday Season As Traditional Retail Stays Lukewarm. Amazon sold enough men's jeans to fill an Olympic-sized swimming pool.
Former Versace Store Clerk Sues Over Secret 'Black Code' For Minority Shoppers. An encrypted message was used to alert staff about customers, the lawsuit says.
What They Won't Tell You About Your 'Free' Credit Report. If your New Year\u2019s resolution includes a financial tune-up, then you\u2019re probably about to pull your \u201cfree\u201d credit report
2016 In Review. 
The House of Tatas accused of insider trading by its disgruntled CEO. 
Boxing Day Survival Guide For People With Bad Credit. 
Doctor Earl's 29th Law. 
Stocks Could Suffer As Trump Trade Policy Takes Shape. The incoming administration is signaling Trump\u2019s campaign promises to revisit trade deals and even impose a tax on all imports are very much alive.
Joshua Tree. Michael and I moved to Joshua Tree in the late summer, the morning after I tried to kill myself. The city was too expensive
Credit Suisse Settles DOJ Case Over Mortgage Securities For $5.3 Billion. The news came after Deutsche Bank agreed to a $7.2 billion settlement with the DOJ over its sale and pooling of toxic mortgage securities.
Deutsche Bank Agrees To Pay $7.2 Billion To Settle Toxic Mortgage Securities Case. As part of the agreement, Deutsche Bank would pay a civil monetary penalty of $3.1 billion and provide $4.1 billion in consumer relief.
Google To Start Selling 2 New Watches. Android Wear 2.0 refreshes Google's smartwatch offerings.
Why Won't Best Buy Let Me Return This Lemon?. Katherine Szczerbinski's Lenovo laptop is a lemon. Can she get the manufacturer -- or Best Buy -- to fix it? Question
The Store As A Showroom. In 2005, I was shopping for an acoustic piano. Back then, piano shopping worked like this
Walmart Ditches 'Bulletproof. The Fraternal Order of Police has also complained to Amazon.
American Cities Losing The Most Jobs This Year. 2. Casper, WY Employment change
American Cities Adding The Most Jobs This Year. The U.S. economy added nearly 2.5 million employed workers\u00a0in the last 12 months, a growth of 1.7%. Employment is expanding
Everything You Ever Wanted To Know About Holiday Gift Returns (But Were Afraid To Ask). Forget the season of giving -- it's the season of returns that could really hurt your bottom line. The hyper-busy gift return
Renovation Boom Revives A Deadly Demon For Massachusetts Workers. By Beth Daley, Martha Bebinger and Colby Burdick This story was produced in collaboration with WBUR Public Radio and The
11 Secrets To Staying Productive And In Control. 
The Long and the Short of Creating Better Content. 
Focus On Micro Businesses For The Next 30 Years. 
The Company Christmas Party. Some dos and don'ts. Click for AUDIO version. December is here, along with the company Christmas party.\u00a0 For newbies experiencing
Self-Driving Uber Blows Through Red Light On First Day In San Francisco. Uber blames it on human error and suspends the driver. State demands tests stop.
Why The Tech Industry Has The Most At Stake In This Presidential Transition. On the eve of the Tech Summit in NYC tomorrow, we\u2019re still learning just how much is at stake for the technology industry
Report. The InsideClimate News investigation comes amid news that President-elect Donald Trump has chosen Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson as secretary of state.
It Could Happen To You. I know how it feels to be falsely accused. I know how it feels to be pursued for seven years by an overzealous government
What Happened When One CEO Decided To Talk Openly About Race. Tim Ryan got a giant accounting firm to really start listening.
The Best Deals Of Green Monday From Amazon, Dell And more. Think of Green Monday as a 2nd helping of Cyber Monday. It\u2019s a second change for users to get some fantastic deals while
Why The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau May Die -- And Why You Should Care. Since the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau\u2019s creation six years ago, some Republicans in Congress have wanted to kill
10 Reasons Nice Bosses Finish First. When it comes to success as a leader, radically tough leadership styles are exceptions to the rule, not the rule.
Why Car Rental Customers Are Losing It Over 'Loss of Use'. After Julie Thomason wrecked her rental car, she expected a repair bill. But she didn't anticipate a $1,000 invoice for something
If You Still Have A Samsung Galaxy Note7, It's Time To Say Goodbye. A software update will disable the smartphones later this month.
Portland To Tax Companies That Have Outrageous CEO-Worker Pay Gaps. The progressive city is ramping up its fight against income inequality while increasing annual revenue by as much as $3.5 million.
Battling Blind Spots In Corporate Culture. I still find it surprising when people make assumptions about me. What new colleagues and clients first see is that I\u2019m a
Brooklyn Pizza Restaurant Gets Threats After Video Links It To 'Pizzagate' Hoax. In one call, a young employee was told
Google Plans To Be Completely Powered By Renewable Energy Starting Next Year. \u201cOur founders are convinced climate change is a real, immediate threat, so we have to do our part.\u201d
Ikea Is Giving Its Employees Up To Four Months Of Paid Parental Leave. You'd be hard-pressed to find a plan this generous elsewhere in retail. At least in America.
Why You Should Care About The Backlash Against Holiday Creep. The term \holiday creep\ is a punchline for every other story you'll read about shopping. As in, \They're starting their
No, Car Rental Insurance Is Not Mandatory*. Why is everyone so confused? Because, well, it's confusing.
Rethinking Values in the Workplace. 
7 Things Deeply Intuitive People Do Differently. Whether you listen to it or not, your intuition is healthy and functioning. If you want to make better decisions in life, you'd do well to brush up on your intuition skills. You can start by emulating some of the habits of highly intuitive people.
Put A Bow On It. Let\u2019s be honest. As much as we\u2019d like, cars don\u2019t show up on the shopping lists of most consumers over the holidays. Still
Payrolls Rise Solidly As Jobless Rate Reaches 9-Year Low. The unemployment rate dropped to 4.6 percent and nonfarm payrolls increased by 178,000 jobs last month, the Labor Department said.
5 Ways To Check References To Avoid Toxic Employees. Have you ever attempted to check references before hiring, and run into a brick wall with the former employer giving you
We\u2019re Just Two Accountants, Standing On A Red Carpet, With The Best Kept Secrets In Hollywood. From audits to award shows \ud83d\udc60
Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz To Step Down. Chief operating officer Kevin Johnson will take Schultz's position.
6 Leadership Lessons From An Historic Presidential Election. Six Leadership Lessons from an Historic Presidential Election As half the U.S. struggles with feelings of numbness and despair
Workers Across U.S. 'Fight For $15' In Strikes For Wage Hikes. Dozens of arrests for civil disobedience mark the campaign's 4th anniversary.
Cyber Monday Continues To Dominate The Holiday Shopping Season. We just saw the largest online shopping day in U.S. history.
He's Grounded! Delta Bans Obnoxious Trump Supporter For Life. CEO says all the passengers on the flight were given refunds.
Old School Is New School. We live in the age of the \u201cNext Big Thing.\u201d The latest and greatest smartphones are released every twelve months, rendering
On Cyber Monday, Consider All The Workers Who Bring You That Stuff. What happens after you click \buy.\
The Real Reason Everyone Complains About Credit Reporting Agencies. The most complained-about financial institutions aren't banks or credit card companies. They're credit reporting agencies
Why Won't Cardone Return My Calls?. When Mike Barco's new steering unit needs to be replaced, he turns to the manufacturer for help. Why can\u2019t he get an answer
Powerball Ticket Sold With All Winning Numbers In $421 Million Jackpot. The winner, who has yet to come forward, purchased the ticket in Tennessee.
The Changing Holiday Shopping Landscape. 
3 Facts About Email Marketing That Make or Break Campaigns. 
Wells Fargo Asks Court To Dismiss Account Scandal Lawsuit. Wells Fargo has asked a court to order dozens of customers who are suing the bank to resolve their disputes in private arbitrations, according to legal documents.
Of Course British Black Friday Is Incredibly Polite. Shoppers are just keeping calm and carrying on.
3 Most Common Barriers Keeping Conscious Business Leaders on the Hamster Wheel. 
6 Simple Ways to Motivate Yourself to Work Even if You Don't Feel Like it. 
5 Vital Things to Bear in Mind Before You Sell Your Business. 
7 Tips On How To Avoid Burnout. 
Five Lessons of Being a Multi-Millionaire. 
Hire a Virtual Assistant. 
Saturday's Powerball Lottery Jackpot Now Tops $400 Million. It's the 9th largest jackpot in the game's history, officials said.
The Biggest Sign That You Should Probably Change Careers. 
100 Percent Of Patagonia\u2019s Black Friday Sales Will Go Toward Saving The Environment. \Environmental values are something we all embrace,\u201d the company said.
Paul Krugman Warns Of Unprecedented Corruption Under Donald Trump. \Expect to see lots of privatization and a general shift from transparent to murky ...\
Tonka Truck Pulled From Shelves After It Reportedly Burst Into Flames. \It was just a toy for our grandson. Who would have known?\ the toy's buyer said.
Sabra Recalls Hummus Products Over Listeria Concern, Again. The voluntary recall affects some hummus and spread products made before Nov. 8.
Friday Roundup. 
What's Really Going On With Twitter?. 
Rats In The Cellar. The American food industry is infested by poor working conditions, below average wages, and rampant discriminatory, abusive labor practices.
2016 Presidential Advertising Focused On Character Attacks. 
15 Success Tips For First-Time Entrepreneurs. By Richard D. Harroch Being a first-time entrepreneur can be challenging and nerve-wracking but also very exciting and rewarding
How Investors Can Identify Stock Market Cycles. People tend to pile into markets just as they are nearing their peaks, and panic out of them only after prices have fallen.
Dollar Charges To 14-Year High, Bond Tantrum In Full Swing. \u201cWhat we\u2019re looking at is a broad shift of investment back to the U.S.\u201d
AOL Lays Off 500 People. Most of the cuts will be in corporate units.
Big Business Demands Donald Trump Keep U.S. In Paris Climate Pact. Failure to do so \u201cputs American prosperity at risk,\u201d more than 300 U.S. companies say in an open letter to the president-elect.
Hurry! Early Black Friday Deals Have Already Started On Amazon. Get ready, shoppers.
SpaceX Executive Quits To Fight Trump As A Grassroots Activist. \The only reason to leave my dream job was to go and fight a nightmare.\
Twitter Is Ready To Address Online Abuse, Now That The Election Is Over. This year saw a surge in trolling on the site.
Jeff Bezos Stands Up For Diversity In Post-Election Email To Amazon Employees. \It\u2019s not only that diversity and inclusion are good for our business. It\u2019s more fundamental than that \u2014 it\u2019s simply right.\
American Apparel Files For 2nd Bankruptcy. The clothing retailer is weighed down by intense competitive pressures and a rocky relationship with its founder.
Help! UPS Ruined Bridesmaid's Big Day. When the UPS store slaps the wrong label on Susan Baker's package, it threatens to ruin her daughter's special day. What
He Won. Now What? The Opportunity For Tech Execs To Step Out Of Silicon Valley. Once it became clear Tuesday night that Donald Trump was on track to when the electoral votes necessary to clinch the presidency
5 Things Entrepreneurs Can Learn From The World Series of Poker. 
Facebook Plans To Crack Down On Some Race-Based Advertising Techniques. The company's \ethnic affinity\ tool enabled highly specific and potentially illegal targeting of ads.
GrubHub CEO Clarifies Comments After Sending Anti-Trump Email To Company. He called for those with \hateful attitudes\ to resign.
Tim Cook Sends Memo To Reassure Apple Employees After Trump's Win. \Apple\u2019s North Star hasn\u2019t changed,\ the company's CEO wrote to U.S. employees Wednesday.
Gun Stocks Take A Huge Hit After Donald Trump's Surprise Win. Knocked down by friendly fire.
Walgreens Is Suing Disgraced Blood-Testing Startup Theranos. It's been a rough 13 months for the one-time Silicon Valley darling.
Philadelphia Transit Strike To End As SEPTA, Union Reach Deal. (Reuters) - A six-day-old bus and rail strike in Philadelphia is set to end with a deal reached by the Southeastern Pennsylvania
Best Cash Back Credit Cards. 
Consistency of Corporate Messaging. 
Exxon Goes After Climate NGOs, Warns Them Not To Destroy Communications. The oil giant says its request is \focused on groups or individuals directly involved in a campaign to discredit our company.\
This May Be The Most Sweeping Set Of Animal Protections Ever Announced. Tens of millions of animals will be spared from suffering. \ud83d\udc14
Uber, Lyft Drivers Discriminate Based On Race, Gender, Study Finds. Beware the driver who's \flirting to a captive audience.\
A Strange Story Of Customer Disservice From Comcast. Even though three Comcast technicians have visited Sheldon Masel's house, they still can't install a working phone. What
What The AT&T-Time Warner Merger Will Actually Do To Your Service. While analysts and regulators weigh the pros and cons of AT&T's recently proposed $85.4 billion merger with Time Warner, customers
8 Ways To Get People To Take You More Seriously. 
Long And Winding Path To Refunds. 
Uber Should Pay Drivers Minimum Wage, UK Court Rules. Uber will appeal the decision.
Twitter Cuts 9 Percent Of Workforce As Revenue Growth Slows. The social network has been struggling to sign up new users amid competition from nimbler rivals such as Instagram and Snapchat.
Tesla Won't Let You Use Its Self-Driving Cars For Uber. Details of the so-called Tesla Network will be released sometime next year.
Tesla Reports Quarterly Profits For First Time In 3 Years. The report is a big boost for Tesla, which has struggled to merge bold innovation with the reality of markets.
Gender Pay Equity Is Even Farther Away Than Originally Thought. The World Economic Forum said that it might take another 170 years for women and men to be paid the same.
Anheuser-Busch Delivers A Bunch Of Beer In A Self-Driving Truck. AMERICA!
Chipotle's Sales Still Tanking In Wake Of E. Coli Outbreak. The burrito chain saw sales fall 15.2 percent in the last quarter.
Apple Annual Profits Fall For First Time In 15 Years. The fall continues.
Tourist Dies After Riding 'Star Tours' At Walt Disney World. \He did die where he said he wanted to die, so we\u2019re trying to get a little bit of solace in that.\
Jared Fogle's Ex-Wife Sues Subway, Says Chain Hid His Sexual Misconduct. Katie McLaughlin accuses the company of being \u201cdriven by sales rather than the safety of kids.\u201d
Airbnb Sues New York City. A new law would penalize anyone who advertises renting out their home for less than 30 days.
Suit Against Hawaiian Airlines Argues That Unpaid Mandatory Training Is Work. Hello Peter, whats happening? Ummm, I\u2019m gonna need you to go ahead come in tomorrow. So if you could be here around 9 that
AT&T Agrees To Buy Time Warner. The colossal merger could reshape the media ecosystem -- if regulators let it happen.
Supporting The Millennial Mentee. Chances are, if you working in one of today\u2019s organizations, you find yourself surrounded by millennials. According to the
Watch Out For The Coming Corporate Tax-Break Trickery. Make these giant, tax-dodging, multinational corporations pay what they owe. Don't reward them for tax-dodging. And restore the 52% corporate tax rate instead of cutting it even further.
6 Ways To Create Experiences That Customers Crave. 
Takata Air Bag Defect Tied To Another Death. At least 16 deaths are now linked to the defect that prompted a recall of nearly 100 million air bag inflators.
AT&T Agrees To Buy Time Warner, In Principle. Time Warner rejected an $80 billion offer from a different company in 2014.
British American Tobacco Offers To Buy Reynolds American For $47 Billion. The move would bring together Newport, Kent and Pall Mall cigarettes in the world\u2019s biggest listed tobacco company.
16 Handles Apologizes For Tasteless \u2018Grab \u2018Em By The Fro-Yo\u2019 Ad. Ew.
Anti-Semitic Trolls Threaten To Take Twitter Down With Them. The company has long faced criticism over its approach to harassment.
Wells Fargo Account Scandal Prompts Criminal Investigation In California. The bank is accused of opening millions of unauthorized customer accounts and credit cards.
Exxon Moves To Block NY Climate Fraud Investigation, Cries 'Political Bias'. The oil giant is doing everything it can to distract and delay, says the office of New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman.
This Is Not Your Typical Sweatshirt. It's supposed to be so well-made that it'll last 30 years -- or the designer will replace it for you.
Netflix Hits Like 'Stranger Things' Are Pulling In New Subscribers. The streaming giant's third-quarter earnings were nothing like the Upside Down.
The World\u2019s Largest McDonald\u2019s Franchisee Is Going Totally Cage-Free. Millions of animals will no longer spend their lives in minuscule cages.  \ud83d\udc14
Be on TOP. 
Corporate's Responsibility Toward Social Sustainability. Today we live in a world where technology continues to simplify our lives, making it easier to get things done \u2013 from shopping
Small Businesses Speak Out Against Donald Trump's Tax Plan. Donald Trump wants to dramatically cut taxes for the already-wealthy and their giant corporations. This would starve local communities of resources like teachers and infrastructure, while stacking the deck further against smaller, local businesses.
You Can't Build A Business Without Accountability. 
Verizon Throws Cold Water On Yahoo Deal Over Hacking Scandal. The massive data breach may impact the $4.83 billion deal.
Yahoo Dodges Questions On Hacking, Verizon Deal By Canceling Earnings Call. Verizon has hinted that the hack could affect the $4.8 billion deal.
Wells Fargo's New CEO Already Sounding A Little Stressed. He hasn't even had the job for a week yet.
Verizon Plans To Close Call Centers In 5 States, Affecting 3,200 Jobs. \u201cThis is an egregious example of corporate abuse \u2013 among the worst we have witnessed during the six years of this administration.\
The Dirty Secrets Your Clothes Are Keeping From You. If they told us more, would we listen?
Elon Musk Biographer Calls Wall Street Cynicism 'Depressing And Ignorant'. Tesla, SolarCity and SpaceX face a bevy of problems -- but now isn't the time to bet against Musk.
Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf Resigns In Wake Of Bank Scandal. Wells Fargo & Co\u2019s veteran chairman and chief executive officer, John Stumpf abruptly departed on Wednesday bowing to pressure
Wells Fargo Doesn't Want You To Know Its Scandal Isn't Hurting Profits. This \u201cmight incentivize people to do more, to make it tougher on Wells Fargo.\
Amazon Set To Launch Convenience Stores. The expansion comes less than a year after the online retailer opened a chain of brick-and-mortar bookstores.
Samsung Halts Production, Sales Of Galaxy Note 7. The phone has caused major safety issues for customers.
A Unique Test For Solar. When Hillary Clinton and\u00a0Donald Trump met for their first debate at Hofstra University last month, it\u00a0took less than 20 minutes
Appeals Court Restores $120 Million Award To Apple In Patent Fight With Samsung. The two companies will face off again next week at the Supreme Court.
EpiPen Maker Mylan To Pay $465 Million For Shifty Medicaid Billing Practices. As part of the settlement, Mylan won't have to acknowledge any wrongdoing.
U.S. Job Growth Just Slowed Down For The Third Month In A Row. The U.S. economy added 156,000 jobs last month.
African Nation Slaps Exxon With Fine Nearly 7 Times Its Own GDP. This is a fine worthy of Dr. Evil.
Theranos To Lay Off Hundreds Of Workers, Close Wellness Centers. The move impacts workers in Arizona, California, and Pennsylvania.
Snapchat Is Reportedly Planning A $25 Billion IPO. The company's value has soared in the last five years and it has more users than Twitter.
Here's How Scraps Can Help Grow The Food Of The Future. This mobile aquaponic farm could be a game changer.
Wells Fargo Scandal A Setback To Lobbying Efforts By Big Banks. The case is sending shockwaves through the industry.
Chobani To Start Offering Paid Family Leave To All Its Employees. Man, woman; gay, straight; blue-collar, white-collar.
Big Banks Won\u2019t Say If They Use The Same Scheme That Led To Wells Fargo\u2019s Fraud. Lofty sales incentives drove that bank's workers to majorly rip off consumers.
How To Run A Successful Crowdfunding Campaign (To Finance Your Dream). I am making a documentary. In India. And I have zero money. And I mean really zero -- I work at a small NGO in one of the
Remote Work Can Work For Tech. 
Can Trump Create Millions of Jobs? Don't Bet On It. 
Trump Needs To Stop Pretending He's King Midas. We ain't saying he's a gold digger, but...
No, Donald, Pregnancy Isn't An Inconvenience For Employers. Generous maternity leave literally makes companies more valuable.
Wells Fargo CEO Should Resign Over 'Egregious Fraud' With Fake Accounts, Lawmakers Say. Lawmakers called for the CEO to resign, and for the bank to be broken up.
You Might Want To Check Your Washing Machine. It Could Explode.. Yikes.
Danny Meyer Steps Up And Gives His Workers Paid Parental Leave. It's a heartening sign of change in the notoriously low-paying restaurant industry.
Largest Private Prison Contractor Slashes Jobs After Losing Federal Business. The Department of Justice\u2019s decision to phase out privatized prisons is eating away at the CCA's profits.
OPEC Agrees To Limit Oil Output For First Time Since 2008. The surprise deal will boost the energy industry, and likely cost consumers at the pump.
Wells Fargo CEO Stumpf To Forfeit $41 Million As Probe Launches After Fake Account Scandal. The announcement comes after Wells Fargo was hit $185 million in fines over a fake-account scandal.
Ford Fact-Checks Donald Trump's Jobs Claim During Debate. The auto giant says it's not sending jobs to Mexico.
GM Wants To Fill The Gap Volkswagen's Dieselgate Scandal Left. GM and VW now rival each other for diesel, two-letter acronyms and the two biggest auto industry scandals in years.
Why Won't Frontier Fix My Landline?. When the phone company can't get Cheryl Roy's phone line right, is she owed anything for the hours of wasted time? Question
This Bill Could Make Travel Reviews More Trustworthy (Or Not). The recent passage of the Consumer Review Fairness Act of 2016 in the House of Representatives raises a new question about
Digital Video is Killing TV? Six Reasons That's Crazy Talk. 
It's Advertising Week o'clock. 
Video Platform Maturity & How the Tech Titans Are Shaping Up. 
The Struggle is Real-Time for TV Networks. 
Advanced Advertising. 
5 Freelance Jobs Anyone Can Do To Make Money On The Internet. Making money on the internet may be a suspicious topic, but the values online are the same as that offline. The key is to
Three Things I Learned To Do in Ad Tech from Working with the Military. 
How Ads Know People in the New Media Scene. 
Twitter Is Reportedly In Sales Talks With Google And Salesforce. The struggling social network is looking for a buyer.
Elizabeth Warren Seems To Be Staking Out Her Place In A Clinton Presidency. Watch out, Wall Street.
Apple Is Reportedly In Talks To Buy British Racing Carmaker McLaren. This could be the latest sign Apple is getting into the car business.
Feds Investigating Exxon On Climate Change. The investigation has been called a \moment of reckoning\ for the corporation.
Bud Light Hopes Amy Schumer, Seth Rogen And Beer Help You Forget This Horrible Election. Consumer ads struggle to be light and topical in a year of terrible politics.
Dr. Bronner's Just Made A Dank Donation In Fight For Legal Weed. It plans to give over half a million to nonprofits campaigning for this change.
Bank Of America Touts Going Green But Funnels Billions Into Fossil Fuels. The bank is backing the company building the controversial Dakota Access Pipeline.
A New Deal For Farmers - How Founding Farmers Is Changing the Game. 
4 Secrets To Great Meetings From Silicon Valley Greats. 
Is this the END of YouTube?. 
Bruce and Elisabeth Percelay - How to Make a Dent in the World. 
6 Content Marketing Strategies You Probably Aren't Trying Yet. 
Walk In The Shoes Of Your Boss To Excel In Business. 
Gary Vaynerchuk on Self-Awareness. 
Wells Fargo Faces Proposed Class Action Lawsuit Over Bogus Account Scandal. 5,300 employees were fired after it was revealed that the bank opened millions of accounts without customers' knowledge.
Mattress Store To Reopen 'As Soon As Possible' After Absurdly Offensive 9/11 Ad. \We are truly sorry and regret the pain we have caused. We ask for forgiveness.\
Workplace Health Insurance Premiums Finally Stopped Skyrocketing. Now For The Bad News.. Deductibles keep getting bigger, and costs are still growing faster than paychecks.
Hating Your Job Might Be Making You Sick. Work-related dissatisfaction in your 20s and 30s can lead to health issues in your 40s, a study suggests.
Working While Sick Isn\u2019t A Hillary Thing. It\u2019s An American Thing.. Many think taking sick days is a sign of weakness.
Elon Musk. The new system will rely on foremost on radar to detect obstacles, rather than primarily on cameras.
Defeating Terrorism through Design. 
Wells Fargo Just Made The Case For Elizabeth Warren\u2019s Bank Agency. The bank was scamming customers for years, until the CFPB put an end to it.
Wells Fargo Will Pay $190 Million To Settle Customer Fraud Case. Wells Fargo will pay $185 million in penalties and $5 million to customers that regulators say were pushed into fee-generating accounts that they never requested.
Apple's iPhone 7 Is Officially Ditching The Headphone Jack. This could upset a lot of people.
Some Career Advice For President Obama. Dear Mr. President
Big Companies Backing Obama's Climate Agenda Also Fund Its Enemies. Some U.S. corporate giants fail to put their money where their mouths are.
ITT Tech Closes. The closure leaves 35,000 students without an educational path forward.
Action to Achieve Inclusive Capitalism by Roger Martin. For the past quarter century, capitalism in the advanced economies has moved forward in an impressive but not inclusive fashion. The winners are clear. First, it is industries that trade outside of their own local area, such as pharmaceuticals or software.
Selfish Donald Trump versus Selfless Mother Teresa. Mother Teresa has this week become a saint. A saint of Selflessness. At the same time, in the US, we have the Saint of Selfishness, Donald Trump with his red ties and bellicose divisive style. In echoes of Gordon Gekko, Donald once proudly declared; \You can never be too greedy\
11 Surprising Habits Of Powerful People. Powerful people are never satisfied with the status quo. They're the ones who constantly ask, \What if?\ and \Why not?\ They're not afraid to challenge conventional wisdom, and they don't disrupt things for the sake of being disruptive; they do so to make things better.
10 Ways Ridiculously Successful People Think Differently. Successful people come from all walks of life, yet they all have one thing in common
This Labor Day - Make Safety a Priority in Your Workplace. Labor Day is a time to pay tribute to the contributions workers have made to the prosperity of our country. But you probably don't think about workplace safety much. Most of us show up to work each day and we take it for granted that we will return home safely.
Jobs Growth Slows As U.S. Adds 151,000 Jobs In August. This comes after two straight months of robust gains.
The Battle For The Future Of Transportation Seems Imminent. Are things about to get ugly in the ride-hailing business?
Apple, Taxes, And The Social Contract Of Global Corporate Citizens. Is Apple avoiding paying its share of taxes? \u00a0And why should I care?\u00a0 In light of this week\u2019s news that the EU wants Apple
Trump Pays Penalty For Ethically Questionable Political Donation. The donation came as Florida's attorney general was considering joining a lawsuit against Trump's for-profit school.
Ivanka Trump\u2019s Jewelry Business Sought Visas To Hire Foreign Workers. She's taking advantage of a policy her father wants to end.
Ryan Lochte Is Promoting A Device 'That Can Get You Out Of A Bad Situation'. The swimmer posted a Twitter ad for a personal safety device.
Once The Domain Of Millennials, Uber And Lyft Are Now Pursuing Seniors. It's the Baby Boomers' world. We're just living in it.
EpiPen Maker Mylan Flees Overseas To Avoid Taxes After 2013 School Access To Emergency Epinephrine Act. EpiPens have had their price increased by over 500%, sparking outrage from consumers and political figures alike. Senator
Wikileaks Revealed Massive Political Corruption. 
Hillary Clinton's Health Is Superb (Aside From Seizures, Lesions, Adrenaline Pens). 
Atlantic City Could Look Vastly Different in 2017. 
Starbucks To Stop Throwing Out Perfectly Good Food By 2019. The coffee chain says its employees called for more food donations -- but that's not all they're asking for.
These Are The 8 Daily Rituals Used By The Majority Of Millionaires. Whether you\u2019re already a millionaire or working on making your first million, nearly all millionaires have habits that keep
Top GOP Congressman Tells Trump To Release His Taxes. \u201cYou\u2019re just going to have to do that, it\u2019s too important,\ Congressman Jason Chaffetz said.
Uber Lost At Least $1.27 Billion In The First Half Of 2016. Are investors in for a bumpy ride?
Pharma Giant Finally Spending Its Money On Drugs, Not Tax Dodges. ... For now.
This Company Offers Tiny Loaves Of Bread So People Waste Less. They may be the greatest thing since sliced bread.
Tesla Just Unveiled The Quickest Car You Can Actually Buy. A new battery upgrade extends the range of the car, too.
Jobs Requiring Chinese. You\u2019ve been studying Chinese for a few years, and you want to take your China-savvy to the next level
Is Instagram Stories the Nail in Snapchat's Coffin?. This week, Instagram released its newest product feature into the cosmos--Instagram Stories. Right off the bat, the Internet flooded with criticism of the Facebook subsidiary's latest move, calling it a blatant rip-off of Snapchat, another less popular social sharing network.
Uber To Begin Testing Fleet Of Self-Driving Cars In Pittsburgh This Month. The vehicles will see regular public use.
Waiters Score Big Win Against Industry Effort To Pocket Their Tips. Montana hotel workers reach a whopping $4 million settlement.
One Of Donald Trump's Quietest Critics Just Called Him Out On Diversity. Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff has tried to keep quiet, but this week may have been too much.
Ex-Wall Street Banker Convicted Of Giving His Father Insider Tips. \u201cI never gave my father information so he could trade on it.\
Even Conservatives Now Admit The U.S. Needs Paid Family Leave. A right-wing think tank offers up a surprising new proposal.
After Being Called Out, Trump Hotels Join Federal Fire Safety List. The change comes after a HuffPost report in July.
Why Elon Musk\u2019s Plan To Merge Tesla With SolarCity Will Probably Work. Don't bet against Musk.
Who's Responsible For What Happens To Your Broken iPhone? Some Say Apple.. A new six-country survey finds many consumers want tech companies to be responsible for helping them recycle.
What Donald Trump Could Learn From Apple\u2019s CEO. Tim Cook inadvertently schools Trump on the art of the apology.
Volkswagen Looks To Settle Criminal Probe With Fines Up To $1.2 Billion. The automaker already agreed to pay $15.3 billion over its emissions scandal.
Target's Grocery Business Is Struggling -- Here's One Way It Could Change. Walmart and Whole Foods are already doing this.
What To Do During The Next Airline Computer Meltdown. A rare look behind the curtain at Southwest\u2019s meltdown offers several important customer-service lessons.
8 Ways To Get People To Take You More Seriously. If you really want to be taken more seriously at work, you should start by looking in the mirror and doing what you can to increase your influence.
Predicting the US economy with Post-it Notes. 
INTERVIEW. 
How To Raise Money When No Angel Will Invest. 
From Goals To MITs. 
This Bible-Era Solution For Saving Food Is Making A Comeback. Make America glean again.
For Donald Trump Or Hillary Clinton, A \Hellish\ Economy Ahead. 
Why It Should Matter That Hillary Clinton Was A Breadwinner. She may be the first U.S. president to truly understand working mothers.
Donald Trump Has No Idea Whether His Company Provides Child Care. It definitely does not, though it does have some perks for the kids of hotel guests.
City Planner's Scathing Resignation Letter Perfectly Nails Silicon Valley Housing Crisis. \u201cA once thriving city will turn into a hollowed out museum,\u201d attorney Kate Downing wrote.
KFC Urged To Stop Routine Use Of Antibiotics On Poultry. More than 70 percent of medically important antibiotics in the United States are sold for use on livestock and poultry.
As Chipotle Tries Not To Make People Sick, It's Silent On One Important Issue. Do restaurants need to waste a ton of food to keep customers from falling ill?
Trump's Big Economic Policy Address Is Short On Specifics, Other Than Help For Wealthy. His attempt to reinvigorate the campaign after a horrible week flopped.
An African Answer to Growth. 
Stress Literally Shrinks Your Brain (7 Ways To Reverse This Effect). We all know that living under stressful conditions has serious emotional, even physical, consequences. So why do we have so much trouble taking action to reduce our stress levels and improve our lives?
Why The Best Leaders Have Conviction. Conviction in a leader is an incredibly valuable yet increasingly rare trait. It's in short supply because our brains are wired to overreact to uncertainty with fear. As uncertainty increases, the brain shifts control over to the limbic system, the place where emotions, such as anxiety and panic, are generated.
8 Secrets of Great Communicators. 
The One Thing More Valuable Than Money Or Health. 
America Added 255,000 Jobs In July. This marks the second straight month of strong growth.
Walmart Is Giving Employees More Control Over Their Schedules. As sales growth slows, Walmart is seeking to improve customer service.
Coalition Of U.S. States Signed Pact To Keep Exxon Climate Probe Confidential. Besides Exxon, the agreement says other entities could be targeted if states felt they were delaying action to fight climate change.
The One Company Elon Musk Wants To Keep Independent. The billionaire wants to marry Tesla and SolarCity. But he says SpaceX should remain a bachelor.
Job Interviewers Can\u2019t Ask This Question In Massachusetts Anymore. It fosters pay discrimination and it\u2019s over.
Trump Taj Mahal To Close Amid Worker Strike. The casino, once owned by Donald Trump, is the latest casualty in the financially struggling area.
Executives At Bankrupt Sports Authority Ask For Bonuses, Get Denied. \I think it\u2019s just inappropriate to pay senior executives a bonus when all the employees are losing their jobs,\ the judge said.
Reddit CEO Shares Secrets For Success. And take time to sleep and think.
Walmart's Latest Move In Its War To Overtake Amazon. Walmart is going shopping.
Megyn Kelly Has The Perfect One-Word Response To Donald Trump's Latest Sexist Comment. She's right.
The One Billionaire With The Credibility To Debunk Trump. Warren Buffett might be the only super-rich person Americans actually listen to.
Tesla Is Buying Sister Company SolarCity For $2.6 Billion. Elon Musk's empire is consolidating.
This Is Clearly The Best Perk Of All Time. Forget all those other job benefits
Amazon Just Beat Oil Giant Exxon Mobil In A Major Way. It's a sign of a changing global economy.
Uber Just Surrendered To Its Biggest Rival In China. It's a $35 billion megamerger.
Finally, Someone Got The Best Of Uber. The battle for China is over. And Uber lost.
Farmer Forced To Dump Insane Amount Of Gorgeous Cherries. \These cherries are beautiful! But we have to dump 14 percent.\
Bitcoin's Big Ethereum Problem. 
Ethereum Classic. 
Bitcoin And Ethereum Divergence.... 
How Seagull Managers Make Everyone Miserable. 
U.S. Economy Grows 1.2 Percent In Second Quarter As Inventories Fall. Economists had forecast GDP growth rising at a 2.6 percent rate in the last quarter.
Bill Clinton Could Be The 'First Spouse' Hillary Was Punished For Being. No one expects this guy to bake cookies or host teas. And that's good news for America.
Judge Rejects Sumner Redstone Bid To End Viacom CEO Lawsuit. The case will proceed in Massachusetts.
What Happens After You Crack The Glass Ceiling. For Erin Callan, it was a nightmare.
U.S. Consumer Agency Unveils Plan To Toughen Regulations On Debt Collection Industry. \u201cThis is about bringing better accuracy and accountability to a market that desperately needs it.\u201d
Yet Another Sign Apple Is Making A Car. Get ready to iDrive.
Facebook To Build Apartments In Silicon Valley. But they're not for Facebook employees.
'Carpool Karaoke' Will Now Play On 'Apple Music' First. Can 'The Late Late Show with James Corden' save a struggling Apple?
Fox News Reportedly Has A Rampant Sexist Culture. Many of the women who spoke to The New York Times hinted at a broader problem in the workplace.
Marissa Mayer Calls Out Media For Sexist Coverage. With little left to lose, Yahoo's CEO gets real.
Verizon Plans To Acquire Yahoo In $4.83 Billion Deal. Buying Yahoo\u2019s operations will boost Verizon\u2019s AOL internet business by giving it access to Yahoo\u2019s advertising technology tools as well as other assets such as search, mail and messenger.
This CEO Is Ready To Fight Back If Donald Trump Wins. Yet another business leader can't get on board with the real estate mogul.
Marissa Mayer Made A Lot Of Money Losing The Fight To Save Yahoo. She couldn't rescue the company, but she'll walk away with millions.
We Get From The World What We Invest In Ourselves. 
Obstacles to Creative Disruption. 
How To Change Bad Meeting Culture. 
Creating A Gateway For Innovation And Commerce In The Caribbean. Governments around the world are investing heavily into building tech ecosystems and altering entire tax systems to attract startup entrepreneurs. Stakeholders must focus on fostering big disruptive ideas with global potential and serious bankability.
LIVE. 
That Feeling When You Get $40 Million For Sexually Harassing A Woman. Roger Ailes is being paid quite handsomely to leave Fox News.
Verizon Could Buy Yahoo In The Next Few Days. A deal could be coming soon.
Biking On A Bus Is A Thing Now. Burn calories while sitting in rush hour traffic.
American Airlines Denies It Discriminated Against Muslim Passenger. Mohamed Ahmed Radwan said a flight attendant told him \I'll be watching you\ before getting him kicked off a flight.
Ailes' Downfall Is A Testament To The Rising Power Of Women. Don't mess with us.
Dollar Shave Club Just Got Bought For Many Many Many Dollars. A big day for the men's grooming company.
Gawker Media Founder Faces Personal Bankruptcy. A judge refused to extend protections shielding Nick Denton from liabilities.
Earning Less Money Isn't A Choice That Women Just Make. The pay gap is a complicated cultural stew.
Your Office Is Making You Fat. With smarter designs, it could help you get healthier.
This Food Waste Activist Finally Got A Closed-Door Meeting With Walmart. It didn't go as planned.
Here's A Sign The 'Pok\u00e9mon Go' Craze Can't Last Forever. Has the Nintendo stock Pika-peaked?
Donald Trump Reportedly Wants An Ex-Goldman Exec To Be Treasury Secretary. Take that, establishment!
EU Fines Truck Makers Record $3.2 Billion For Price-Fixing Cartel. Daimler and Paccar are among those penalized for the practice that spanned 14 years.
Sex Discrimination Wal-Mart. In a relatively quiet court filing on July 15th, 5 women who sued Wal-Mart 15 years ago for sex discrimination in employment
If information is power, how powerful is your team?. 
8 Tips For Easier Business Travel. It can be downright exhausting.
How To Write A Thank You That Gets You Hired. Have you ever had these challenges when thanking an employer? Have you ever had challenges when you go to a job interview
Turkey Melts Down As Coup News Spreads; Turkish Lira Tumbles. 
3 Legal Mistakes Every Businesses Should Avoid. In order to reduce your potential of contributing to the penalty-based revenue businesses generate for the US government, the following are legal mistakes you should avoid at all costs.
The empowering language of creativity. 
Elizabeth Warren Wants To Stop The Next Trump University. Twelve progressive senators are demanding action against \universities\ that really aren't.
Peter Thiel Wants To Speak 'Frankly' About America's Problems, Won't Say What They Are. The conservative billionaire once wrote that giving women the right to vote was bad for democracy.
This Is How Far Trump Will Go To Stop Staffers From Leaking Info. A $10 million lawsuit has revealed a confidentiality agreement between the campaign and a former staffer.
Here\u2019s An Innovative Way To Get More Women Into The Boardroom. Sukhinder Singh Cassidy came up with the perfect solution to one of the lamest excuses in the tech industry.
Chinese Conglomerate Reportedly Shows Interest In Paramount Pictures. Dalian Wanda Group, which bought production company Legendary Entertainment in January, has been trying to expand its U.S. movie business.
Major Wall Street Bank Is Giving Its Low-Wage Workers A Raise. \Wages for many Americans have gone nowhere for too long,\ JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon says.
New York Challenged Businesses To Cut Their Waste In Half -- It Actually Worked. Whole Foods, Viacom and Anheuser-Busch all pitched in.
Tesla's Nightmare Month Just Keeps Getting Worse. The company is facing another federal probe.
Tech CEO Celebrates Marissa Mayer For All The Wrong Reasons. Working 24/7 shouldn\u2019t be an automatic badge of honor.
10 Ways To Revamp Your PR Strategy. 
The Western World\u2019s In Crisis. Bring In The Women.. We're turning to female leaders, but don't break out the champagne and Beyonce playlist just yet.
How The Payment Industry Is Innovating In 2016. 
Bitcoin Halving. 
3 Tips For Improving The Productivity Of Your Sales Team. 
This Woman Was Just Banned From An Industry That Once Lionized Her. Nine months after a devastating expos\u00e9, things worsen for Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes.
Tesla Isn't Sure Autopilot Was Enabled During Second Crash. The company says it has been unable to speak with survivors or retrieve crash data.
Companies Should Be Forced To Disclose Climate Risk, Unilever CEO Says. \u201cWe must hold each other to account on #ParisAgreement.\u201d
World's Top Banker Says Trump Would Choke The Global Economy. IMF chief Christine Lagarde said the Republican candidate's antitrade policies could be \disastrous.\
Supermarkets Are Key To Making America Stop Wasting Food. Grocery stores throw out a stunning amount of food. But they can change.
3 Reasons Unpaid Internships Are Seriously Not Worth Your Time. Besides not getting paid.
World's Worst Boss Writes The Most Clueless Letter In History After 'Best Employee' Quits. Unbelievable.
Tesla Investigating Second Reported Crash In Autopilot Mode. This crash occurred a day after Tesla revealed the first autopilot fatality.
Bad News For Trump Is Good News For The Stock Market. There was a slight bump in the S&P 500 as the FBI director announced the findings of an investigation into Hillary Clinton's personal email use.
San Francisco Wants Tech Firms To Pay For The Problems They Helped Create. Legislators have proposed a \tech tax.\
The Wage Gap No One Is Talking About. The problem isn't just men vs. women.
Trump's Obsession With Chinese Currency Manipulation Is Sooo 2014. It's unclear whether that matters to voters who lost their jobs to Chinese exporters, though.
Elon Musk Is Feuding With Yet Another Person Who Dared Criticize Tesla. This time it's a financial journalist who asked about the deadly \Autopilot\ crash.
200 Years Of Relationships. 
5 Ways To Experience Flow And Get Crazy Productive. The average person has 70,000 thoughts each day, and if you don't learn to organize them, they have the potential to wreak havoc on your productivity.
Donald Trump's Evil Twin Brother. One can only hope that, over this Fourth of July holiday, potential patrons of the Taj Mahal choose to honor the union's picket lines, and take their business to another casino. Having been part of a picket line myself, I can't tell you how gratifying it is to see people voluntarily acknowledge a union's attempt to get a fair contract.
Tesla's Difficult Month Just Got A Little Worse. The Model S maker failed to meet its delivery projections. Again.
Coal Baron Promises Huge Layoffs, Then Tells Workers To Vote Trump. Problem is, coal mining jobs aren't coming back -- even under President Trump.
Why The UN Sustainable Development Goals Really Are A Very Big Deal. 
Mega Millions Jackpot Grows To $449 Million For Tuesday Drawing. The jackpot is the seventh largest in U.S. history.
9 Signs That You're An Ambivert. I'm sure you've been asked many times whether you're an introvert or an extrovert. For some people, it's an easy choice, but for most of us, it's difficult to choose one way or the other.
The Chasm Between The 1 Percent And The 99 Keeps Growing. Get your pitchforks.
Wall Street Isn't Too Worried About First Self-Driving Tesla Death. That's hardly the company's only problem right now, though.
Billionaire GOP Donor Says Trump Could Create 'Widespread Global Depression'. The Never Trump movement is still going strong.
Here's Why It Feels Like Rent Is Eating Up Your Entire Paycheck. Rents have gone up faster than incomes for decades. Way, way faster.
Most Americans Think Companies Should Do More To Help Working Parents. Having children often makes it harder to advance in your career, according to a new poll.
Coal Companies Paid Lobbyists Millions Before Going Bankrupt. And then they cut employee benefits.
Could Brexit Be A Catastrophe That Never Happens?. There are some reasons to think so.
Donald Trump Gave An Economic Policy Speech In Front Of A Wall Of Garbage. What a metaphor.
European Shares Rise For First Time In 3 Days Since Brexit Rout. British and European banking stocks, which had suffered the worst of the market rout, climbed back up.
The World Could Get A Third Of Its Energy From Renewables By 2030. That represents a $13.5 trillion market, according to a new report.
Perdue Wants To Give Its Chickens Better Lives. But there's still a long way to go.
Etsy Is Helping Redefine What Green Buildings Look Like. This is what Etsy's *actual* offices look like. Glorious.
Trump Declares A Trade War. He started off sounding like Bernie Sanders. Then he sounded like Donald Trump.
Volkswagen's Diesel Settlement Will Fund Range Of Clean Air Efforts. The settlement would be the largest ever automotive buyback offer in U.S. history and most expensive auto industry scandal.
Trump Could Trigger The Longest Recession Since The Great Depression, Report Says. Yikes.
How Brexit Fits Into The New World Order. What if the U.K.'s vote to leave the EU is not an isolated incident, but part of a populist trend that warns of more to come?
Soon You'll Be Able To Drink Wine And Beer At Some Barnes & Noble Stores. The retailer hopes in-store restaurants will \create a better bookstore\ and keep customers there longer.
Vegas ATM Steals $600 - Can You Get it Back?. Lisa Selle has $600 sucked out of her debit card in Las Vegas. Why won't American Express cover her loss? Question
Four Incredible New Advances in Health Technology. 
Speed Dating Your Way to a Startup Soulmate. 
How to Build Visibility & Authority with Blogs. 
Housing hotspots and rampant speculation could lead to another crush. 
The Culture Club. 
Is Sustainability Like Being Pregnant?. 
How Tech Startups Can Compete in a Crowded Market. 
The Real Reasons Your Startup Is Struggling to Find Talent. 
Brexit Could Encourage British Companies To Pollute And Waste More. Oof.
[Infographic] These 32 Steps Will Help Rank Your Local Business on Google Maps. 
Uber Wants You To Think It's Killed Surge Pricing. It Hasn't.. Surge pricing is dead. Long live surge pricing!
Homeownership In The U.S. Has Plummeted, But Not By Choice. The lingering effects of the economic crisis are creating obstacles for most families who want to buy homes.
Paul Krugman. \Grieve for Europe ... worry about Britain.\
U.S. Stocks Fall After 'Brexit' Vote. Britain's vote to leave the EU roiled markets on Friday.
No, The Brexit Is Not A Good Reason To Mess With Your 401(k). It's best to take a long-term view.
Brexit Possibly Began Over Pizza At Chicago's O'Hare Airport. \ud83c\udf55
BREXIT CARNAGE. The British pound had collapsed no less than 15 U.S. cents, easily the biggest fall in living memory.
Markets Tumble Amid Brexit Chaos. The vote to leave the EU has sparked a panic among investors around the world.
Brexit Chaos Could Shock Trump Voters Back To Common Sense. Or it should anyway.
Wall St. Plunges At The Open After Shock Brexit Vote. \The participants were caught off guard and it showed a touch of complacency in terms of the vote.\
The Secret To Building A Successful Business That Won't Destroy The Planet. Eventually, someone's pet project becomes a corporation-wide commitment.
A New Film Explores How To Make Phones Without So Much Waste. The key is a modular design, where pieces can be reused.
3 Numbers That Say A Lot About Donald Trump. This week's episode of \By The Numbers\ focuses on the presumptive GOP nominee.
56 Successful Business Leaders, Including Republicans, Now Back Hillary Clinton. Apparently, \The Apprentice\ didn't sell them on Donald Trump's management skills.
CEO Explains How To Defeat Donald Trump Without Stooping To His Level. Taking the high road.
Trump Even Found A Way To Make His Charity Efforts Bad. He is far from generous when it comes to giving away his money.
Jimmy John's To Get Rid Of Controversial Noncompete Agreements In New York. Go ahead, make sandwiches wherever you want in the Empire State.
Why Elon Musk Is Betting On Solar Power Instead Of Wind. \u201cI think we can solve the problem with the giant fusion reactor in the sky called the sun.\u201d
This CEO Is Famous For His Social Activism, But He's Silent On Trump. Though Marc Benioff fought for LGBT rights, he's mum on the presumptive GOP nominee.
Owner Of Company That Makes AR-15s To Attend Donald Trump Fundraiser. Trump is trying to erase the huge financial disadvantage he faces against Hillary Clinton.
Here's Another Way Uber, Lyft Are Beating Taxis. \The wheels on the gig-economy go 'round and 'round...\
Silicon Valley CEO Says Trump Is 'On The Wrong Side Of History'. Airbnb's Brian Chesky is not a fan.
World Bank Allows Tanzania To Sidestep Rule Protecting Indigenous Groups. A loophole in the World Bank's policy protecting indigenous communities could allow governments around the world to displace locals in the path of agricultural development without restoring their livelihoods.
Donald Trump Would Wreck The U.S. Economy. His proposals would cause a recession and maybe worse.
Please Take Me Off Your List, Petco. Try as hard as she might, Michelle Blanchard can't get off Petco's email list. What will it take to get the company to stop
Marketing. 
Why Startups are in the Post-Unicorn Era. 
IEX Wins SEC Approval As U.S. Stock Exchange. A built-in delay would protect investors from traders who use tactics depicted in Michael Lewis' 2014 book \Flash Boys
Judge Orders Leonardo DiCaprio To Give Deposition In 'Wolf Of Wall Street' Lawsuit. The plaintiff sued in 2014 for more than $50 million, claiming that he was defamed in the film.
Obama Destroys Young Careers - Part Two. 
The 10 States With The Worst Gun Violence. The shooting in Orlando on Sunday, which claimed the lives of 49 people, has reignited the debate over gun control in the
This Father\u2019s Day, How About We Stop Judging Dads So Harshly?. Give them a break at the office. Seriously.
Trump Is Racist, Says Head Of Group Of The World's Richest Countries. That whole \rapists\ thing doesn't leave much to debate.
New York, Boston And D.C. Could Eventually Be One Gigantic City. Welcome to the megacities of the future.
Silicon Valley Titan. \The astonishing thing about Mr Trump\u2019s business career \u2014 given what he received \u2014 is not how much he has achieved but how little.\
Walmart No Longer Needs You To Bring Your Wallet. At least in seven states, you can forget the cash and cards.
A Reason To Shop At H&M That Has Nothing To Do With Fashion. It\u2019s one of just nine major companies that have at least 40 percent women in leadership.
The Federal Reserve Leaves Key Interest Rate Unchanged Amid Slower Job Growth. The risk of a Brexit contributed to the Fed's decision.
Uber Brings Gridlocked Sao Paulo Commuters Another Option. For now, the service is relatively affordable.
Wall Street Journal Ads Call Out The Paper\u2019s Bias On Climate Change. Well, this is awkward.
Big Coal Funded This Prominent Climate Change Denier, Docs Reveal. Scientist Roy Spencer is one of dozens of creditors named in Peabody Energy's bankruptcy documents.
This Photo Tells You Everything You Need To Know About Corporate Boardrooms. A new report says the directors of the largest companies in the world are overwhelmingly male -- and things aren't likely to change much anytime soon.
Microsoft Agrees To Acquire LinkedIn For $26.2 Billion. (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp  agreed to buy LinkedIn Corp  for $26.2 billion in cash, the companies said in
Walgreens Is Walking Out On Scandal-Struck Theranos. It's been a rough month for the blood testing startup so far.
5 Things Your Business Needs for The Next Big Push in Growth. \Business as usual\ is a dangerous place to be. \Business as usual\ is stagnation -- a plateau, a zone of zero growth, no momentum, and no velocity.
5 Successful Tips For Finding The Best Deal. The most important part of getting a great deal is feeling as though you got one. However, getting a great deal is not as complicated as it seems. There are lots of tools available for you to use. All it takes is a little persistence and an unwillingness to say no.
The Age of the High-Flying Tech (HFT) Gadgeteer Is Upon Us--Flying Machines & New Wheeled Things.. Put down your tablet--unless you're flying a gyrocopter or a \drone\, or you're sailing on a fan or jet-powered hovercraft, or a two wheeled hoverboard... And look up in the sky for new high-flying tech (HFT) or down the street to see a pack of kids coming, each on some one-wheeled thing--something new is upon us.
Brands That Make You Aww. 
How Local Mobile Marketing Drives Conversions for Brands. 
What Does the iPhone SE Mean for Mobile Advertising?. 
Leading the Way to Purpose and Profit in Business Through Water and Sanitation. As I head back to WaterAid's office in New York, I do so full of energy and new ideas. Sustainable Brands has given me a lot to process, think about and share with others. Most unusual of all, on the last afternoon of a four-day conference, I found myself excited and already looking forward to the next one. See you in Detroit.
The Best States To Be Unemployed. Unemployment in the United States has steadily improved over the past six and a half years. The unemployment rate today is
How Clothing Designer Eileen Fisher Came To Embrace The Masculine. It had a lot to do with structure -- corporate structure.
Tesla Fires Back At Blogger Who Claims Model S Suspension Defective. \There is no safety defect with the suspensions in either the Model S or Model X,\ the company wrote.
Exxon Supports A Carbon Tax Except When There Is A Vote On A Carbon Tax. The House votes on Friday.
Donald Trump's Racism Actually Makes It Impossible For Him To Get The Working-Class Vote. Because math.
Companies Are Doing A Terrible Job On Sustainable Cotton. A new report ranks popular companies based on their promotion of cotton sustainability -- and the results are pretty dismal.
What A Hillary Clinton Nomination Means For The Glass Ceiling (Hint. We've got a long way to go.
Death Investigation Of Chesapeake Energy's Aubrey McClendon Finds No Suicide Evidence. McClendon's Chevy Tahoe slammed into a concrete bridge one day after he was indicted for violating anti-trust laws.
Uber Sacks Driver After Passenger Records Vile Homophobic Rant. An Uber driver has been removed from the rideshare service after he was recorded hurling homophobic comments at an Australian
For-Profit College Industry, in Freefall, Convenes in Florida. While many of the big predatory colleges quit APSCU after the group failed in its lobbying mission, some honest owners of better-performing, often smaller, career colleges have told me they had already left in disgust because the group had become so dominated by arrogant, misbehaving schools and owners.
This Enlightened CEO Takes Every Friday Off And You Should, Too. Show this to your boss.
The Latest Jobs Report Badly Misses Estimates. This doesn't look good.
These Are The Richest Towns In Every State. Urban centers often have at their perimeters small towns with well-educated, wealthy residents. States without such large
Banks\u2019 Embrace of Jumbo Mortgages Means Fewer Loans for Blacks, Hispanics. Last decade\u2019s financial crisis left many losers in banking. One winner is the jumbo.
The Obama Administration Cracks Down On Payday Lenders. It will get harder to trap people in unaffordable debt.
NYC Takes Action After Drowsy Cab Driver Kills 88-Year-Old. The city is moving to limit the number of consecutive hours taxi and limo drivers can work.
Here's Another Reason For Standing Desk Users To Feel Smug. You know who you are.
In A Country That Bans Women From Driving, Uber Sees Profit. Women in Saudi Arabia -- Uber's biggest investor -- are essentially a captive market.
Accenture's US Chief On 'Smart Risk-Taking' And Big Success. As the North American chief executive of a major tech firm, Julie Sweet clearly knows what it takes to be an effective leader
Can @Jack Save Twitter?. Less than a year into his return as C.E.O., one thing is clear
Sheryl Sandberg. Peter Thiel's seat on Facebook's board is not in jeopardy, despite the tech entrepreneur's secret legal campaign against
The Biggest Beneficiary Of Ride-Hailing Services Might Be Public Transit. \A future dominated by shared, driverless cars linked via ride-hailing apps may sound like a world without traditional forms of mass transit. But we don't believe it will be.\
Cranky Employer Blames Texting Millennials For Economic Problems. That's just ridic.
Are You A Woman? Subtract $2,400. Why a salary calculator upset an awful lot of women.
CEOs Favor Hillary Clinton Over 'Businessman' Donald Trump. More evidence the corporate world can't stomach Trump.
Viacom Gears Up For Fight To Keep Board From Redstone. Days ago Redstone suggested ousting Viacom Chief Executive and the board of directors.
How Your Credit Card Limit Affects Your Ability To Get A Job. A credit card buys people more time for the job hunt.
Walmart Shareholders. Walmart's Board of Directors has been wired against shareholder-driven change since the 1960s. The Walton family controls sufficient shares to bottle up any grassroots initiatives.
9 Bad Habits You Must Break to Be More Productive. Some of these habits may seem minor, but they add up. Most amount to a personal choice between immediate pleasures and lasting ones. After all, the worst habit is losing track of what really matters to you.
Why You Should Stop Using To-Do Lists (and What to Do Instead). Rather than a slew of tasks on paper, which have no context as to complexity or time-requirements, set aside time blocks on your calendar to complete those tasks.
Campaign For Investors -- Help for You. 
Entrepreneurship in the British Virgin Islands with Stedman Graham. Now is the time for leadership, change, improvement, growth and the acceptance of new challenges as they continue to emerge.  The differentiator is whether you, your workforce and your constituents are prepared with the skills and mindset to meet these challenges.
5 Business Lessons You Can Learn from Fitness Entrepreneur Chalene Johnson. 
'Stockbroker's Bible' Just Told Oil Industry To Accept Its Demise. Coming from the Financial Times, that's a sobering wake-up call.
Here\u2019s How Much Money You Need To Afford Rent In Every State. For people earning the minimum wage, the answer is \u201cway more than you make.\u201d
How Game of Thrones and Startups Are Similar. 
Verizon And Unions Reach 'Tentative Agreement' To End Strike. The largest strike in five years may soon be over.
These 9 Counties Are Running Out Of Water. This week, California lifted some \u2014 but not all \u2014 of its statewide restrictions on urban water use. This comes as Lake Mead\u2019s
10 Most Dangerous States For Pedestrians. This article was originally published on 24/7 Wall St. Once introduced, cars quickly became part of America\u2019s culture \u2014 but
No, This Major Greek Lender Isn't Changing Its Tune On Austerity. A new IMF paper questions the value of harsh measures, but it's not going to result in any major changes.
Why Eating Better Starts With Changing Our Work Habits. Our American culture of overworking is contributing to our diet-related problems. But that could be changing.
Can This Organic Food Darling Survive Being Gobbled Up By Big Spam?. When an old food giant buys a hip, healthy startup, who changes whom?
The Creator Of The Regal Cinemas Rollercoaster Animation Has Died. John McLaughlin, the man behind the beloved rollercoaster voyage into Regal Cinema's feature presentations, has died at the
The Value of a Dollar in Every\u00a0State. While a dollar bill looks and feels the same all over the United States, its value is often very different depending on where
Greyhound Doesn't Know If Its Own Bus Drivers Are Too Tired. A CNN investigation found more  drivers who may be fighting fatigue.
Hillary Clinton Solved A Problem Corporate America Can\u2019t Seem To Fix. Well done.
More Millennials Living At Home Reflects How America Has Changed. People don't pair off and move in together in their 20s anymore because they don't feel forced into marriage.
Sports Authority To Liquidate Everything In Going-Out-Of-Business Sales. The sporting goods retailer has to sell everything by the end of August.
Bayer Offers To Buy Monsanto For $62 Billion. Monsanto, which said last week it had a received an approach from Bayer but gave no details, has yet to comment on the offer.
This Could Be Donald Trump's Biggest Lie. How rich is he?
Giving in America - a Winning Situation. 
New Apple Store Makeover. 
Pete Carroll Explains Why Your Workplace Should Encourage Teamwork. \It's the feeling that everyone brings to the workplace that will bring out their best. They'll work harder,\ the Seahawks coach says.
The Drunkest Cities In America. Alcohol poisoning and alcohol-related liver diseases are major contributors to the recently identified spike in mortality
Top 10 Cities To Find Great Jobs. This article was originally published on 24/7 Wall St.\u00a0 When thinking of relocation, Americans consider an area\u2019s job prospects
Bayer Makes Move For Monsanto In Global Agrichemicals Shakeout. Any deal could raise U.S. antitrust concerns because of the overlap in the seeds business.
EU Aims To Rule On Amazon's Luxembourg Tax Deal By July. BRUSSELS - EU state aid regulators aim to rule on Amazon's (AMZN.O) tax deal with Luxembourg by July, two people familiar
Theranos Voids Two Years of Edison Blood-Test Results. Company led by Elizabeth Holmes withdraws all Edison results from 2014 and 2015, issues tens of thousands of corrected blood
Phil Mickelson Agrees To Pay Back Money He Made In Connection With Insider Trading Ring. The golfer isn't facing any criminal charges.
Airbnb Slapped With Suit For Alleged Discrimination Against Black Guests. An African-American man who claims he was subjected to race-based discrimination while using Airbnb slapped the company with
Elizabeth Warren Takes On Uber, Lyft And The 'Gig Economy'. Disruption is changing some industries, but she said it's time for worker protections to be disrupted too.
Monsanto Is On A Major Losing Streak. The agricultural giant seems like it \forgot to sacrifice a goat to the gods.\
This Big Law Firm Just Stepped Into The 21st Century. Winston & Strawn will give its associates 20 weeks of gender-neutral parental leave.
Robin Wright Explains Why She Fought For Equal Pay For 'House of Cards'. Claire Underwood would be proud.
Charting A Five-Year Career Plan Is Pointless. Be open to the unexpected.
What\u2019s Your Pay Gap?. Women earn less than men in 439 of 446 major U.S. occupations, a Wall Street Journal examination of the gender pay gap found
This Is How Much More Money CEOs Make Than The Typical American. The CEO-to-worker pay ratio is 335-to-1, says a new AFL-CIO report.
CEOs Now Make 335 Times More Than Average Worker. The pay gap is alive and well.
Ben & Jerry's Just Started A New Political Fight In North Carolina. But it has nothing to do with bathrooms.
Twitter Finally Appoints Black Board Member. Debra Lee will also be the third woman named to the board.
Elon Musk Apologizes For Tesla Workers Paid Just $5 An Hour By Subcontractor. Tesla relied on cheap foreign labor to build a hi-tech paint shop in California, paying workers as little as $5 an hour, according
3 Dysfunctional Ways We\u2019ve Adapted To The Hell Of The 24/7 Workplace. It's not pretty.
5 Elements of a Winning Entrepreneurial Mindset. We've all got those dreaded \things\ we need to work on inside our heads.  They're those things that seem to hold us back from charging our worth, feeling like we're enough and unapologetically announcing to the world who we are.  It keeps us from attracting clients.
Why Starting a Company Is a Crazy Thing. Starting a company is a crazy thing. The very hubris it takes to set out on your own and believe you can create something from nothing should equally qualify and disqualify you as an entrepreneur.
Image vs. Substance in Your Self-Made Journey. Whether it's driving a clunker, or couch surfing instead of renting your own place, the necessities of making the entrepreneur lifestyle work can look like failure from the outside. But the bridge to success is built with sacrifice; personal and financial.
9 Things That Will Kill Your Career. A lot of people make the mistake of thinking that they can only damage their careers by making one huge misstep, but the reality is that it's usually not that dramatic.
10 Best Checking Accounts of 2016. 
Pfizer Death Penalty Drug Decision Greeted By Activists \u2013 But States Fight On. \u201cYou got your justice right here,\u201d the convicted child-killer Pablo Vasquez said as the lethal injection took effect.
Surfing Wal-Mart's Crime Wave. Hundreds of cities and town across the nation are losing money protecting Wal-Mart's merchandise. It's just another example of public welfare for America's richest family.
6 Great Ways To Kill Morale. If managers want their best people to stay, they need to think carefully about how they treat them. While good employees are as tough as nails, their talent gives them an abundance of options. Managers need to make people want to work for them.
Seth Godin - There's Something About That Cow. 
Pfizer Blocks The Use Of Its Drugs In Executions. The pharmaceutical giant Pfizer announced on Friday that it has imposed sweeping controls on the distribution of its products
Pfizer Won't Let Its Drugs Be Used In Executions Anymore. The move shuts off the last remaining open market source of drugs used in executions.
One Map That Shows How The Middle Class Is Getting Squeezed. People just aren't earning as much as they used to.
Just One-Fifth Of Goldman Sachs Execs Are Women. Female leadership at the bank is below the national average.
The Most Popular Stores In America. Walmart is the most popular store in America. More than half of all shoppers in the country visit a Walmart location in a
Starbucks Is Selling Nearly A Half-Billion Dollars In 'Sustainability' Bonds. The coffee giant is asking investors to fund its environmental efforts for the first time.
Why Major Corporations Now Realize They Can't 'Outsource Sleep'. The #SleepRevolution has arrived at your desk.
The One Question Every Leader Should Ask. Don\u2019t dwell on the past. Today\u2019s leaders have to think, act, and adapt more quickly than ever to stay ahead of the competition
Pension Funds Tell Exxon To Tell The Truth About Climate Change. Shareholders think the company isn't saying enough about the risks it faces.
Walmart Rolls Out Cheaper 2-Day Shipping In Bid Against Amazon. It'll cost you $49 annually, compared to Amazon's $99.
Rich People Have Access To High-Speed Internet; Many Poor People Don't. Left behind at school, at home and at work
The No-Tipping Policy At Joe's Crab Shack Just Sank. Turns out that people don't mind tipping as an incentive for better service.
Nike Is The Latest Company To Ramp Up Parental Leave. The world's biggest sportswear company gives a big boost to new parents.
Imagine A World In Which Nothing Gets Thrown Away. It's about much more than just recycling.
Parental Leave Gets A Boost From Tech And Finance, And Workers Aren't Complaining. But the benefits still aren't standard.
Chipotle Hires Former Critic To Help Improve Chain's Food Safety. The move is part of the chain's  effort to rebound from a spate of disease outbreaks that crushed sales, repulsed customers and slashed $6 billion off its market valuation.
Google Won't Do Business With Predatory Lenders Anymore. It's about to get a little harder to find a loan with 1,000 percent interest.
4 Expert Tips For Getting Over Your Fear Of Public Speaking. Number 2
Uber Recognizes New York Drivers\u2019 Group, Short Of Union. Uber announced an agreement on Tuesday with a prominent union to create an association for drivers in New York that would
Budweiser's Just Gonna Call Itself 'America' For A While. Subtle.
Big Pharma Just Bet $10 Billion On A Cancer Drug Startup. Here's Why.. \This deal is going to end up looking either very smart or very stupid.\
Uber Drivers Owed $730 Million More If Employees, According To Court Documents. Uber and smaller rival Lyft are attempting to settle legal actions by drivers who contend they should be classified as employees.
Krispy Kreme Acquired For $1.35 Billion. German firm JAB is going into the doughnut business.
Wall Street Doesn\u2019t Believe Elon Musk Can Produce 500,000 Cars By 2018. This could all be part of the secret sauce known as the \Musk Doctrine.\
Lyft and Uber Pull Out of Austin, But Deceptive Pricing Is Here to Stay. If you thought comparison shopping was hard with traditional travel companies, just try the sharing economy. Lightly regulated
Making a Difference -\u00a0People Programs Driving Cultural Change and Diversity. 
How to Become a Great Listener. Most people aren't great listeners. While someone is talking to them, they are more than likely thinking about what it is they are going to say when it is their turn. Sometimes, there is a game involved like
Assuring Price Integrity In a Dysfunctional Market. 
These Are The Counties Going Hungry In Every State. Food is a basic need that many people take for granted. Yet, 48 million Americans face limited access to adequate amounts
U.S. Adds 160,000 Jobs In April, Smallest Gain In Seven Months. It's below the first-quarter average of 200,000.
The U.S. Is A Tax Haven. Obama Wants To Change That.. Of course, he needs Congress to help.
Why Suing Your Bank Could Help Others Avoid Being Ripped Off. The nation's consumer watchdog wants to help you sue financial companies for wrongdoing.
The Stone Age Is Over. Kansas City Definitely Got The Memo.. New technology offers a glimpse into what 21st-century urban life should look like.
If You Really Care About Working Moms, Make The School Day Longer. Sorry, kids, but your allowance doesn't grow on trees.
The World's First Self-Driving Taxi Fleet Is Prepping For A Test Drive. A batch of cars could be ready to test within a year, according to one Lyft exec.
How (Not) To Prevent The Next Big Financial Bubble. The Federal Reserve is essential. But which tools it should use is up for debate.
A Huge Motherhood Challenge That Companies Are Finally Starting To Address. Hello, from the other side. Please hire me.
Like Prince, A Majority Of Americans Don't Have A Will. If this is you, here's why you need to change that.
Climate Change Poses A Big Risk To Your Retirement Savings. \u201cIt simply isn\u2019t professional for the funds to do nothing.\u201d
Airline Profits Soar To Jaw-Dropping Record In 2015. Holy baggage fees.
Stunning Photos Show A Typical Day At Work For Nomadic Reindeer Herders. Think your job is tough?
'Me-ternity' Leave Is A Very Bad Name For A Very Good Idea. Don't confuse maternity leave with me-time.
Uber Drivers In New York Form Labor Association. The company insists drivers are independent contractors.
Woman Files $5 Million Lawsuit Against Starbucks For Putting Too Much Ice In Her Drinks. Stacy Pincus accuses the coffee chain of fraud, negligent misrepresentation and unjust enrichment.
R.\I.P.\ Rest in Peace, AT&T IP Transition Trials.. 
Cleon Daskalakis - Keeper of Goals On and Off the Ice. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
Buffett Defends Berkshire's Coke Stake, Warns On BNSF. Billionaire says it's wrong to blame calories alone for rising obesity levels.
The Verizon Strike Is About More Than Dollars And Cents. The real fight is over union jobs, period.
Walgreens Broaches Possible Health Benefits Of Medical Marijuana. National brands haven't taken a stance on weed yet, but they've been forced to acknowledge it.
Popcorn Leadership. 
What Chobani's Employee Stock Ownership Plan Means for the Middle Class?. Last week Chobani yogurt founder Hamdi Ulukaya gave his workers a taste of capitalism by granting them a share in the value of the company.
U.S. Corporate Profits On Pace For Third Straight Decline. U.S. corporate profits, weighed down by the energy slump and slowing global growth, are set to decline for the third straight
Why Your Fancy Banking App Isn't Helping You Budget Better. We\u2019re still waiting for the app that stops real incomes from falling.
Comcast To Acquire DreamWorks Animation For $3.8 Billion. The studio behind \Shrek,\ \Madagascar,\ and \Kung Fu Panda\ has a new home.
The House Just Voted To Give Wall Street Billions From Americans' Retirement Savings. Brokers are allowed to give you bad advice. The House wants to keep it that way.
Why ClassPass' Price Increase Is Better For Everyone. High prices can weed out those who aren't committed, making a better experience for you.
11 Easy Ways To Save Money. It's not just small change.
Campbell\u2019s New Parental Leave Policy Is A Big Step Even If It Isn\u2019t The Best. The backstory on why the soup giant is making major changes.
Comcast In Talks To Buy DreamWorks Animation For More Than $3 Billion. Comcast Corp. is in talks to buy DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. for more than $3 billion, according to people familiar with
Cleveland Is Prepping For Clashes Between Police And Protesters At GOP Convention. The city is so worried it is looking to insure against civil rights violations.
Mitsubishi Motors Says It Used Non-Compliant Mileage Data For 25 Years. Japan's sixth-largest automaker has lost half of its market value since it admitted last week that it overstated the fuel economy of four domestic minivehicle models.
Wall Street Is Losing Confidence In Exxon Mobil. Low oil prices strike again.
America's Largest City Is Failing Its Young People. Millennials in New York are more educated than the previous generation, but they're stuck in bad jobs with paltry pay.
Saudi Arabia Can't Quit Oil. Not yet, at least.
Will Uber's New 'Drivers Association' Have Any Real Power?. If it does, the association could be on shaky legal ground.
Chobani Could Make Some Of Its Workers Millionaires. But the company's generous offer to employees is hinged on something that might not happen anytime soon.
Colleges Face Student Protests Over Fossil Fuel Investments. Student protesters are trying a new strategy to convince their schools to dump investments in companies tied to climate change.
Feds OK Charter And Time Warner Mega Merger. The deal, which still needs FCC approval, would create the second-largest broadband provider.
5 Reasons You Will Fail At Working From Home. We live in an age of technology, where many tasks can be easily and efficiently completed through a computer. Companies and
Does Minimum-Wage Fight Invite Minimum Morality?. I happen to believe government budgets are a moral issue because they reflect priorities. My moral barometer for measuring societies includes how it treats its young, elderly and those on its margin -- economically and socially.
Sunday, Fun-day, Tax Freedom Day. 
Why It Might Cost You A Bit More To Get In The Door At Costco. Investors predict a fee hike.
17 Middle Class Jobs That Are Disappearing. The nation\u2019s middle class has been shrinking at what some call an alarming rate, and even as the nation\u2019s job market is expected
The Huge Question Uber's $100 Million Settlement Leaves Unanswered. The outcome of similar, pending lawsuits could upend the company's whole business model.
Tackling Climate Change Could Jump-Start The Economy. There's too much pollution and too little economic growth. A green revolution could fix both.
Over 165 Countries Set To Sign Paris Agreement. A big step in the fight against climate change.
The Feds Are Finally Cracking Down On Wall Street Bonuses. They want to take back bonuses if traders take too much risk.
Federal Regulators Let General Electric Quash Shareholder Resolution On Hudson River Pollution. When Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders called for General Electric to remove all of the chemicals it had pumped
World's Biggest Green Energy Company Files For Bankruptcy. This is one of the largest bankruptcies involving a non-financial company.
Apparently No One Hates Their Job Anymore. Worker dissatisfaction is soooooo 2005.
When Domestic Violence Becomes A Workplace Issue. After two employees were killed, the hospital where they worked decided to tackle the issue head-on.
College Could Be Free In America If Corporations Paid Reagan-Era Taxes. Governments could be receiving an extra $167 billion annually if corporations paid Reagan-era tax rates.
Job Prospects For The Class Of 2016 Are Pretty Good, Especially For Men. The wage gap starts here.
Here Are The Manufacturers Bringing The Most Jobs Back to America. Making America make stuff again?
These Are The Highest-Paying Companies In America. $$$
It\u2019s Not Getting Any Easier For Women To Become CEOs. The U.S. welcomed one new female chief executive last year.
VW Reportedly Reaches Deal With U.S. To Buy Back Nearly 500,000 Diesel Cars. The cars used sophisticated software to evade U.S. emission rules.
Big Oil Finally Admits Climate Risks -- To Its Business AND The Planet. For decades, oil companies have tried to ignore the truth about climate change.
Sanders And Trump Have Something In Common, Bloomberg Says. \I'm not trying to knock Donald Trump, but...\
EU Antitrust Chief Expected To Charge Google On Wednesday. Europe's antitrust chief is expected to hit Google on Wednesday with anti-competitive charges concerning its Android mobile
Donald Trump Is Mysteriously Quiet On Hedge Funds All Of A Sudden. Maybe it's \crass political calculation.\
Obama Should Price Carbon Emissions To Curb Climate Change, Report Argues. When government agencies analyze energy projects, they don't consider the long-term costs of pollution.
Target Raises Minimum Wage To $10 An Hour. The retailer came under pressure from a competitive job market and labor groups.
Theranos Is Subject Of Criminal Probe By U.S.. Federal prosecutors are investigating whether the blood-testing company misled investors about the state of its technology
The States With The Strongest Unions. The strength of organized labor in the United States depends largely on political and economic forces. Because these factors
Astronaut Scott Kelly Is Psyched About The Private Space Industry. The private space race, led in large part by Elon Musk's SpaceX, is a sign of things to come.
Ted Cruz Just Reminded The Republican Establishment Why They Hate Him. The Texan senator's gold standard policy is a terrible idea with a long history.
The Final Countdown - 72 Hours until Tax Time is Up. 
How Ashton Kutcher And Guy Oseary Built A $250 Million Portfolio With Startups Like Uber And Airbnb. Ashton Kutcher, one of the world\u2019s highest-paid TV actors, can obviously afford that most essential of Los Angeles celebrity
This Startup Wants To Make Overpaying For A Tiny NYC Bedroom Seem Cool. You will either love or hate this place.
Here's Where Your Taxes Go. The government spends about $1 on healthcare of every $4 that Americans pay in federal income taxes.
Thousands Of Protesters March For $15 Hourly Wages Across U.S.. Protests were also held overseas, including at a McDonald's at Disneyland Paris and outside the headquarters for the South Korea division of the fast-food giant.
Cirque Du Soleil Scraps Shows In Protest Over North Carolina's Anti-LGBT Law. North Carolina gets a big \no\ from the big top.
U.S. Corporations Have $1.4 Trillion Hidden In Tax Havens, Claims Oxfam Report. US corporate giants such as Apple, Walmart and General Electric have stashed $1.4tn (\u00a3980bn) in tax havens, despite receiving
Verizon Strike Causes Delays For Customers Around U.S.. Employees have been battling with the company over healthcare, temporary job relocations, pensions and offshoring call center jobs.
New York City's Public Advocate Just Told Hedge Funds To Shove It. \Let them sell their summer homes and jets, and return those fees to their investors.\
No, Obama Didn't Kill Too Big To Fail. Despite financial reforms, Wall Street behemoths remain big enough to jeopardize the economy if they fail, regulators said.
Popular Mall Stores Accused Of Screwing Over Workers. American Eagle, Payless, Disney and Forever 21 are some of the stores involved in the probe.
The End Of Maternity Leave As We Know It?. And you should feel fine.
Hennessey Venom GT Spyder Becomes World's Fastest Convertible. It can go from 0 to 60 in less than 2.4 seconds.
Verizon's Quiet Plan To Change Copper Phone Lines To FIOS. Verizon customers with copper-line phones who call twice in 18 months for repairs - or live near someone who does - are likely
Regulators Propose Banning Theranos Founder Elizabeth Holmes For At Least Two Years. Federal health regulators have proposed banning Theranos Inc. founder Elizabeth Holmes from the blood-testing business for
Peabody, World's Top Private Coal Miner, Files For Bankruptcy. Peabody's Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing ranks among the largest in the commodities sector since energy and metals prices began to fall in the middle of 2014.
'Living Wills' For Five Big Banks Fail U.S. Regulators' Test. None of the eight systemically important banks, which the U.S. government considers \too big to fail,\ fared well in the evaluations.
Low-Wage Workers Plot Their Next 'Fight For $15' Strike. And now hospital workers are joining the cause.
Some Benevolent Green Billionaire Should Buy The Whole U.S. Coal Industry Right Now. The industry's value has dropped two-thirds in just five years.
40,000 Verizon Workers Go On Strike. They've been working without a contract since August.
Deutsche Bank Won't Expand In North Carolina Because Of Anti-LGBT Law. It will keep the 900 jobs already in the state, but won't add the 250 more it had planned on.
An Important Reminder That The Pay Gap Is Not Just A 'Women's Issue'. It's just simple economics.
Aetna's CEO Proves You Can Prioritize People And Still Earn A Huge Profit. Mark Bertolini is an \unconventional boss\ who is \mindful of morality.\ And that's great for business.
Obama\u2019s Wall Street Watchdog Does Little To Protect Investors From Climate Risk. Other regulators are stepping up while the SEC ignores climate change.
Ford's New Campus Is 'The Jetsons' Compared To These Photos From The '50s. The automotive giant is giving its Michigan headquarters a Google-style makeover.
Verizon Workers To Strike This Week If They Don't Get A Contract. It would be the biggest U.S. strike since 2011.
Yikes, Paul Krugman Really Doesn't Understand Dodd-Frank. And just a few days ago, he flubbed the history of the financial crisis.
The 5 People You Need To Talk To About Money Now. Let's start talking.
Software That Helps Travelers and Companies Selling Travel Packages Could Be Promising. Many people are inundated with great offers promising huge discounts on a product or service. Then, the recipient of the offer begins reading the fine print. Yes, the offer is valid, but it also requires too much work to collect.
Culture and Experimentation -- With Uber's Chief Product Officer. If you want to create a successful, hyper-growth company, you've got to focus on creating the right culture and learning how to rapidly experiment. In this blog, I continue my discussion on these two key subjects with Jeff Holden, a brilliant entrepreneur and executive.
New York City's Public Advocate. It's \unconscionable\ that landlords are violating the law, Letitia James says.
These Jimmy John's Workers Were Fired Illegally. Five Years Later, They Might Get Their Jobs Back.. The long wait shows just how weak our labor laws are.
Wells Fargo Settles Mortgage Case For $1.2 Billion. The bank admitted to deceiving the government with \years of reckless underwriting.\
Dan Lyons, \Disrupted,\ and Start Up Culture. The first half of the book had me laughing out loud, again and again. The second half had me worrying about current dangers to rational business culture, and our overall economy.
Marriott, Starwood Hotels Merger Approved. Marriott's acquisition will create the biggest hotel company in the world.
Cyber Fraudsters Reap Billions Through Email Wire-Transfer Scams. Losses from these scams totaled more than $2.3 billion from October 2013 through February of this year.
Takata Air Bag Death In Texas Claims Teen As 10th Victim. The brother of the victim says his family never received a recall notice from Honda.
Who Has Two Thumbs And Is Wrong About The Financial Crisis?. This Krug man.
Can A Bottle Made From Algae End The World's Plastic Addiction?. It started as a homework assignment for a college class, but the biodegradable, algae-based container 32-year-old product
Verizon To Make Bid For Yahoo As Google Considers Jumping In. Verizon Communications Inc. plans to make a first-round bid for Yahoo Inc.\u2019s Web business next week, and is willing to acquire
Las Vegas Sands Pays $9 Million To End SEC Probe Into China, Macau. In a statement, Adelson said Las Vegas Sands was pleased to settle, and is committed to a \world class\ compliance program.
Here's How Obama Could Discourage Financial Secrecy. America is a haven for the world's tax cheats. Obama has done little to fix that.
Secrets Of The Yahoo Sale \u2018Book\u2019 Reveal Financial Meltdown And Big Bet On Mobile Voice Search. According to some pages from the \u201cbook\u201d that Yahoo bankers have given out to prospective buyers, the financial situation
Even More Executives Come Forward To Defend LGBT Rights. Eight corporate leaders signed a letter condemning Mississippi's anti-gay law.
Mining Companies Have Always Been Allowed To Choose Profit Over Safety. Don Blankenship was sentenced to just one year in prison on Wednesday, but any punishment at all for mine safety violations is unusual.
Pfizer, Allergan Scrap $160 Billion Merger Over Tax Loophole Pressure. The announcement followed the unveiling of new U.S. Treasury rules on Monday aimed at curbing such deals.
Walmart's Green Goals Perfectly Encapsulate The Company's Ruthless Efficiency. It turns out being sustainable can also be profitable.
PayPal Won\u2019t Tolerate North Carolina\u2019s Discrimination, Scraps Expansion Plans. The company had previously announced it would build a 400-employee global operations center in Charlotte.
Clean Energy Is Worth Trillions, John Kerry Says. It could be bigger than the tech revolution.
Corporate Coalition Is Forming To Fight Mississippi's Anti-LGBT Law. First Georgia. Then North Carolina. Now this?
IMF Boss Urges U.S. To Raise The Federal Minimum Wage. Christine Lagarde reckons that higher minimum wages and more family-friendly policies would improve the economy.
Leaked Document Shows Strong Business Support For Raising Minimum Wage. Whenever minimum wage increases are proposed on the state or federal level, business groups tend to fight them tooth and
Even Tesla Fanatics Are Shocked By Model 3 Preorders. \That legitimately surprised us.\
Our Daily Guide To The More Money, Less Stress Challenge. All month long, we'll be here to demystify your financial life.
Alaska Air To Buy Virgin America For $2.6 Billion. The move will expand Alaska Air's presence on the U.S. West Coast.
Thomas Staggs, Disney\u2019s Heir Apparent, Is Said to Be Stepping Down. LOS ANGELES \u2014 Thomas O. Staggs, the favored contender to lead Disney after Robert A. Iger\u2019s retirement, is making a surprise
Biggest data leak in history reveals the global reach of dirty money. Over a year ago, an anonymous source contacted the S\u00fcddeutsche Zeitung (SZ) and submitted encrypted internal documents from
Mining the Gold in Your Discarded Sales Leads. I was hired to help an organization that did manufacturing consulting get more business. It was just after the recession of the early 90's, and many of the consultants had lost their jobs with aerospace companies.
Personalisation in the Age of the Customer. Earlier this year, the Brazilian TAM airlines came up with an ingenious way to improve passenger engagement levels with its inflight magazine. It had discovered that people on its flights spent less than 3% of their time in the air flicking through the magazine and less than 11% could even remember what they\u2019d read.
Growth Matters. One of the biggest enigmas in business may just have been cracked. After conducting an extensive study into how the world\u2019s leading companies drive growth, Brand Learning has uncovered the new Growth Code for future success. The code reveals what it takes in practice to create a growth-ready organisation, energised by involved employees and fuelled by momentum-driving leaders.
Your Home Is Not Your Piggy Bank!. Home equity loans and lines of credit are once again being pushed by banks hungry for profitable business, according to a recent Wall Street Journal article.   Here we go again.  It's as if the lessons learned from the housing crisis have been wiped away.
Alaska Air Nears Deal To Acquire Virgin America. Alaska Air is expected to pay upwards of $2 billion for Virgin America, which currently has a market value of about $1.5 billion.
The Easiest Way To Reduce Your Student Loan Payment. Millions of Americans are struggling unnecessarily to repay their student loans. The federal government offers a solution.
John Ratzenberger - American Made. At the end of the day, John Ratzenberger says that his passion in life is simple, it's America. He wants to bring back improvisation, real fame, creators, and those who are willing to fall and get back up, because these are the roots upon which America was built.
U.S. Economy Added 215,000 Jobs In March. Unemployment rate rose to 5 percent from 4.9 percent
Women In Soccer Are Paid Even More Unfairly Than Women In General. The national women's team is paid 40 percent less than the men's.
Major Companies Back Obama\u2019s Climate Regulations In Court. Four corporate titans filed a court brief in support of the Clean Power Plan.
America Just Turned In Another Stellar Jobs Report. This is the 73rd straight month of job growth.
Why Companies Shouldn't Hide The Financial Risks Of Climate Change. A formidable group, led by billionaire Michael Bloomberg, is pushing for more transparency.
How Real Estate Players Are Bracing For The L Train Shutdown. Will life in North Brooklyn be Hell without the L?
Elizabeth Warren Just Launched A New Attack On Wall Street. Financial firms are used to \saying whatever they want,\ but Warren claims they went too far this time.
Take Our More Money, Less Stress Challenge!. It\u2019s time to stop feeling anxious about your finances.
Inside Big Pharma's Campaign To Put Us All To Sleep.. One evening in the late summer of 2015, Lisa Schwartz was watching television at her Vermont home when an ad for a sleeping
Poison Profits. Lead paint is making New York City\u2019s children sick -- and some landlords see it as the cost of doing business.
Find Lead Paint Violations In New York City Neighborhoods. Officials issued more than 10,000 violations since November 2013 for dangerous lead paint conditions in multi-unit residential buildings across the city. Find out if you live in one.
Tesla Unveils Model 3, Its Most Important Electric Car Yet. Tesla shows off its $35,000 sedan for the masses.
Massive Insurer Convinces Judge It Isn't Too Big To Fail. Because it went \u200bso well\u200b the last time we let our too-big-to-fail institutions make their own rules.
Pharmaceutical Companies Hiked Price On Aid In Dying Drug. When California\u2019s aid-in-dying law takes effect this June, terminally ill patients who decide to end their lives could be
Gun Dealer Likely Thwarted Mass Shooting By Refusing Sale. James Howard, 25, was wanted for an assault at Ohio University when deputies say he tried to purchase a rifle with a falsified background check.
Mom Makes A Heart-Wrenching Case For Why Tips Matter So Much To Families. \I STRUGGLE to put clothes on my daughter's back and food in our bellies because of THIS.\
Apparently, There's A Place In Hell For Women Who DO Help Each Other. We're actually pretty screwed, new study finds.
The World's Largest Renewable Energy Developer Could Go Broke. Blame the \hyper-growth\ strategy.
How The Dutch Became A Famously Tolerant Society. \We found ourselves, as history developed, at the center of the world.\
Wall Street Exec Tried To Scam People With \u2018Brazen\u2019 $95 Million Fraud, Feds Say. Andrew Caspersen is allegedly guilty of a cartoonish Wall Street fraud scheme.
California Reaches Deal For $15 Minimum Wage. The proposal would give California the highest statewide minimum wage.
Why We Need To Slow Down. \The faster the world gets, the more you need to step back and appreciate everything that's old and slow.\
How Nature Can Inspire New Technologies. We're entering the \age of entanglement.\
We Might Be All Wrong About Robots Taking Our Jobs. \It\u2019s true that robots are taking away some jobs, but at the same time they\u2019re creating lots of new jobs,\ one economist says.
Georgia Kroger Has An Excellent Explanation For Its Unisex Bathroom. Simple, honest and to-the-point.
How to Master the Art of the First Impression. Since it only takes seconds for someone to decide if you're trustworthy and competent, and research shows that first impressions are very difficult to change, the pressure that comes with meeting new people is justifiably intense.
Why My Toaster Loves My Car. 
20 Worst-Paying Jobs For Women. \ud83d\ude20
The problem with profits. America is meant to be a temple of free enterprise. It isn\u2019t.
How Jeff Bezos Became a Power Beyond Amazon. More has gone right for Bezos lately than perhaps at any other time during his two-decade run in the public eye.
One Of Ben Carson's Craziest Ideas Is Coming True. The U.S. is the world's hottest new tax haven.
7 Incredible Things That Happen Once You Learn To Enjoy Being Alone. One result of all this social connection is that many of us rarely have any time alone. While we're told that this connectivity is a good thing and that being around other people is necessary for a fulfilled life, you can certainly have too much of a good thing.
Adapting Change to Fit Complexity. Companies work hard to adapt to changing market conditions yet most achieve only incremental change. Worse, people become burnt out by one change initiative after another and are left wondering, \What was the purpose?\
Stop Acting So Small- Why Business Dreams Die. I am going to die. And I need to start living like it.
5 Surprising Things Your Insurance Will Not Cover. Insurance can provide a safety net for individuals who worry about their property or purchases. However, most insurance policies come with a long list of exclusions that can leave policyholders out in the cold when the unforeseen happens.
The Stock Market Trick Energy Companies Are Using To Survive Plummeting Oil Prices. Energy companies that issued new share offerings this year have done better than average.
When The Minimum Wage Goes Up, Women Win. \You\u2019re not only increasing women\u2019s economic security\u201d by raising the minimum wage, says one researcher. \u201cYou\u2019re also increasing equality.\u201d
Wall Street Journal Vows To Fix Pay Gap For Women And Minorities. Surprise! White, male journalists make more than their female coworkers or colleagues of color.
Oil Baron's Descendants Shame Exxon Mobil For 'Morally Reprehensible Conduct'. The Rockefeller Family Fund announced it is divesting from fossil fuels and threw shade on Exxon Mobil in the process.
Tesla Just Quietly Killed Off One Of Its Newest Products. Elon Musk has tweaked his vision for storing clean energy in your home.
Iowa\u2019s 60 Million Laying Hens Aren\u2019t Being Monitored By Food-Safety Inspectors. In 2010, 550 million eggs were recalled after thousands of people were sickened with salmonella in an outbreak tied to farms
Here's How Much Less Women Make Than Men At Amazon. Not much less, Amazon claims.
The Story Behind The Craziest Corporate Collapse Of The Last Decade. This is madness.
Coal Isn\u2019t Just Bad For The Air. It\u2019s A Huge Water Waster.. Coal-fired power consumes 7 percent of the world's freshwater, Greenpeace says.
Why Levi's Is Giving Away Its Trade Secrets. The company is sharing its water-saving strategies with rivals.
The Hidden Price of Mindfulness Inc.. With so many cashing in on the meditation craze, it\u2019s hard not to wonder whether something essential is being lost.
U.S. Home Resales Tumble In Potentially Troubling Sign For U.S. Economy. February's decline weighed on investor sentiment, with the S&P 500 stock index falling after the data was released.
Is Prostitution Just Another Job?. Chelsea Lane was a freshman at Reed, the esteemed liberal-arts college in Portland, Oregon, when she first became \u00adinterested
Starwood And Airbnb Are Poised To Take Cuba's Hospitality Industry By Storm. The country is expecting an explosion in tourist activity after improved diplomatic and business relations with the U.S.
Cheap Oil Is Taking A Major Toll On Pirates. Low prices are making oil tanker heists off Africa's western coast not worth the risk.
The Least Healthy County In Each State. Calling all doctors.
What We Call Uber Drivers Has Huge Implications. A new paper argues it would be a big mistake to declare them anything but traditional workers.
When You Put All of You in Your Work. Here's a challenge. Take what you love and put it in your work.
SmartCheck Your Advisor. No one cares as much about your money as you do! That's a simple fact, and to believe otherwise is to also believe in the tooth fairy. While you may like or respect an investment professional's advice , the ultimate responsibility for handling your money belongs to you.
Chipotle Slashed CEO Pay Amid Food-Safety Crisis. We\u2019ve seen a lot of Chipotle co-CEO Steve Ells since last fall, when the first in a series of food-borne outbreaks were tied
Vivek Ranadiv\u00e9 Wants To Make Basketball The World's Greenest Sport. And he's got the arena to prove he's serious.
Mining Companies Pay Far Less Than They Should For Taxpayer-Owned Coal. Leases on federal land ignore coal's real cost, Greenpeace says.
Investing Advice For Women Isn\u2019t Sexist; It\u2019s A Necessary Corrective. Wall Street legend Sallie Krawcheck explains.
The Federal Reserve Holds Off On Interest Rate Hike. Good news for consumers -- and possibly for Hillary Clinton.
States With Struggling Economies Aren't Feeling The Bern. Despite higher unemployment, they keep voting for Hillary Clinton.
Etsy's New Parental Leave Policy Is Basically Perfect. Six months paid time off for all new parents sounds like a dream.
Americans Are Redefining Farming, And HuffPost Wants To Hear About It. The agricultural sector is often vilified. We know there's more to the story.
Here Are The Cities With The Highest Unemployment Rates. El Centro, California, is No. 1.
Another Big Retailer Is Cutting Back On Selling Tobacco Products. Tobacco sales are slowly turning to ash.
How Meditation Transformed This Entrepreneur's Approach To Work And Life. Louis Gagnon journeyed to India to share the power of mindful leadership.
How two guys from Stanford built the 'iPhone of vaporizers'. Josh, a banker at a hedge fund in Manhattan, loves his Pax vaporizer.
4 Ways A Bad Boss Hurts Productivity. 
How to Exceed Your Goals In 2016. For many of us, 2016 began with a promise -- a promise that this year we will accomplish that which has eluded us. Often it's the everyday things that prove most difficult -- managing your schedule, treating people the way you ought to, and keeping things in perspective when chaos is at hand.
The Financial Crisis Film 'Boom Bust Boom' Falls Prey To The Big Problem It Addresses. Our biases nearly always get the best of us.
US And Canada Promise To Lead World To Low-Carbon Economy. This story originally appeared in The Guardian, and is republished here as part of the Climate Desk collaboration. The US
Flint-Like Lead Hazards May Be Lurking In Private Water Wells. Across the country, millions of Americans served by private wells drink, bathe and cook with water containing potentially dangerous amounts of lead.
It's Going To Be A While Before Uber Replaces Car Ownership. Americans still love their cars.
This Simple Fact Says Everything About The Sad State Of Minimum Wage. Bonuses on Wall Street could be put to better use.
Why More Bosses Need To Embrace Napping At Work. You heard that right
7 Honest Mistakes That Can Get You Fired. Digital media is far from the only way that people slip up and lose their jobs. People get fired all the time for seemingly innocent mistakes. While we snicker behind our coffee cups at the more egregious examples, there are still plenty of other ways to get fired that may surprise you.
Emotional Intelligence Can Boost Your Career And Save Your Life. 
The Robots Are Coming For Wall Street. When Daniel Nadler woke on Nov. 6, he had just enough time to pour himself a glass of orange juice and open his laptop before
10 Ways To Spot A Truly Exceptional Employee. Take notice of what's not mentioned
Congressional Watchdog To Investigate Wall Street Regulation. This is the first probe to consider whether regulators are \captured\ by banks they monitor.
How Americans Get Duped Into Buying Endangered Animal Items. And what companies are doing to stop it.
4 Things You Need To Know About The Latest Jobs Report. America's economy is chugging along.
Why 'Bar Rescue' Host Jon Taffer Isn't Into The No-Tipping Trend. \I want the employees to be rewarded by the guests and I want them to feel good about it.\
J.J. Abrams Is Doing Something Real About #OscarsSoWhite. \The Oscar controversy was a wakeup call,\ Star Wars director says.
Oil And Gas Industry Has Pumped Millions Into Republican Campaigns. About one in three dollars donated to Republican hopefuls from mega-rich individuals came from people who owe their fortunes to fossil fuels.
Does a Carbon Tax Work? Ask British Columbia. Their experience shows that cutting carbon emissions enough to make a difference in preventing global warming remains a difficult
Killer Mike Wants You To Move Money Into A Local, Black-Owned Bank Before It's Too Late. \Bank black, bank small and bank local.\
10 Ways to Spot a Truly Exceptional Employee. Dealing with difficult people is frustrating and exhausting for most. Exceptional employees control their interactions with toxic people by keeping their feelings in check.
7 Mistakes Leaders Make That Make Everyone Miserable. From Enron to Volkswagen, we've watched in horror as leaders who lack integrity have destroyed businesses time and again. But the real tragedy happens when regular leaders, who are otherwise great, sabotage themselves day after day with mistakes that they can't see
Prevent PR Disaster. No one wants to think about the prospects for threats or calamities. But when they happen--as they inevitably will--you will be very glad you thought through how to react, before that reaction was needed.
The WTO Gave Environmentalists A New Reason To Oppose The TPP. India's solar subsidies have been ruled illegal under international trade law.
A Major American Meat Company Is Going Big With Antibiotic-Free Pork. Last year, it was all about poultry
Another Huge Company Is Harnessing The Power Of Mindfulness. Salesforce employees will soon have access to a mindfulness room on every floor.
The War On Meetings. They\u2019re boring. They\u2019re useless. Everyone hates\nthem. So why can\u2019t we stop having meetings?
How Mark Zuckerberg Should Give Away $45 Billion. For a long time, the way philanthropy worked was simple
MasterCard Wants You To Pay For Stuff With Selfies. The company is rolling out a new security feature which will allow cardholders to use a selfie or a fingerprint to verify their identity.
Zenefits Once Told Employees. Zenefits\u2019s new chief executive, David Sacks, last week banned alcohol in the office of the health-insurance brokerage startup
As T-Mobile Rises, Questions Emerge Over Treatment of Workers, Consumers. And yet T-Mobile has risen more rapidly than ever.
It's Time To Acknowledge That Parenting Is Real Work. Melinda Gates drives home a very important message about unpaid labor.
What Bill Gates Got Wrong About Green Energy. The technology for energy storage isn't the problem -- it's the way we price electricity.
Here\u2019s How The Government Could Close The Staggering Racial Wealth Gap. The typical white household is almost 13 times richer than the typical black family.
Yelp Employee Fired After Public Post To CEO Saying She Can't Afford Food. \Here I am, 25-years old, balancing all sorts of debt and trying to pave a life for myself that doesn\u2019t involve crying in the bathtub every week.\u201d
Why Attitude Is More Important Than IQ. When it comes to success, it's easy to think that people blessed with brains are inevitably going to leave the rest of us in the dust. But new research from Stanford University will change your mind (and your attitude).
Artificial Intelligence Might Just Disrupt Know-It-All White Men. Robots will likely terminate at least one aspect of male privilege in business.
Here's A Devious Way To Get Workers To Exercise. \u201cWe know that people are irrational.\
Having Safe Food Means Treating Restaurant Workers Better. More employers are offering food workers better pay and benefits than perhaps ever before, but there's still a long way to go.
How Business Leaders Can Help Foster Mental Health In The Workplace. The U.K. has a plan to bring executives into the mental health conversation. Can the U.S. do the same?
Why Venmo, And Every App Like It, Is So Annoying To Use. There's really no way to make moving money faster.
Panasonic Just Took A Major Step Forward On Gay Rights. Panasonic's refusal to discriminate could help advance LGBT rights in Japan.
Bernie Sanders' Home State Just Passed A Paid Sick Leave Law. Vermont joins the growing list of places making this happen.
Yahoo To Cut More Than 300 Jobs. Earlier during the day said it would shut down its digital magazines.
Sanders' Economic Plan Torn Apart By Former Clinton, Obama Economists. They say a new analysis of the plan makes \u201cclaims that cannot be supported by the economic evidence.\
Big Data Helps Bosses Predict When Employees Will Get Sick. Employee wellness firms and insurers are working with companies to mine data about the prescription drugs workers use, how
Bank of America CEO Now Making Millions Of Dollars More For No Reason. The bank had a pretty bad year, but apparently the buck stops nowhere.
Education Department Letting For-Profit Schools Off Because They\u2019re \u2018Too Big To Fail,\u2019 Report Says. Banks aren't the only \too big to fail\ companies that put taxpayers at risk.
Bush Bailout Chief Channels Bernie Sanders' Call To Break Up Big Banks. Neel Kashkari is on Sanders' side when it comes to big banks. Hillary Clinton and Obama are on the other.
Female Authors Helped Bookstore Sales Rise For First Time Since 2007. 2015 was a great year for female writers.
Stop Saying There Are No Qualified Women Out There. Seriously, cut it out.
Thomas Piketty Feels The Bern. The economist says Sanders is the only candidate who's willing to tax the rich.
These Texts Perfectly Demonstrate Why Female Entrepreneurs Struggle For Funding. This is \old-school\ at its worst.
Are You Promotable?. Maybe your company is going through some internal shuffling and you're expecting your dream job to open up. Or, maybe you've been disappointed a few too many times by other people getting promoted ahead of you. Whatever the reason, you want to make certain now that you're ready to move up.
These Are The American Cities With The Most Abandoned Houses. The struggles in Flint, Michigan, go far beyond the water crisis.
6 Things Great Leaders Do Differently. Great leadership can be a difficult thing to pin down and understand. You know a great leader when you're working for one, but even they can have a hard time articulating what it is that makes their leadership so effective.
Japanese Stocks Plummet 5 Percent, The Worst Weekly Drop Since 2008. Traders said that investors feared Japanese exporters' hopes of earnings growth will suffer if the yen strengthens further.
Martin Shkreli Wants To Be The Only One To Own Kanye's New Album. Horrible person still horrible.
The Stock Market Is Having A Really Bad Start To 2016. It ain't pretty.
Dunkin' Donuts Accused Of Taxing Non-Taxable Items. HACKENSACK, N.J. (AP) \u2014 Two lawsuits accuse Dunkin\u2019 Donuts franchises in New Jersey and New York City of charging sales tax
3 Reasons Obama's Oil Tax Would Be Good For America. It would push gas prices up, but the planet will thank us.
Chlorine Trains Pose An Even Deadlier Threat Than Oil Trains. Much has been said about the dangers of oil trains following several high-profile accidents, including a fiery 2013 crash
Exclusive. For the first time, Accenture on Monday released a detailed breakdown of the gender and ethnicity of its U.S. workforce.
Amazon To Challenge Alibaba In Global Delivery Market. In recent weeks, speculation has mounted that Amazon.com Inc. plans to launch a global shipping and logistics operation that
Ghostface Killah Just Went Full Blast On 'Pharma Bro' Martin Shkreli. \$750 for a pill, Martin? That's not right, Martin.\
If Your Office Put A Calorie Counter Next To The Staircase, Would You Still Take The Elevator?. An Alabama hospital realized it needed to turn workers' health around. Here's its first step.
You Can't Get Chipotle For Lunch Today. *stomach growls*
The White House Tries To Get Tough With Dodgy Colleges. The administration's \aggressive action\ to root out wrongdoing may be little more than a branding effort.
Why Is the Ivy League Elite?. As far as I was concerned, students that graduated from Ivy League schools were leaps and bounds more prepared for their careers than students who graduated from second-tier schools. But is that really true?
7 Ways To Spend The Money From Obama's Proposed Oil Tax. Too bad Congress is going to kill it.
Obama Ridiculed For Sluggish Moves On College Accreditation. The Education Department has the power to put dodgy accreditors out of business, but won't use it.
The Limits Of Obama\u2019s Favorite Economic Theory. Sometimes a nudge isn't enough.
Computer Glitches Force IRS To Stop Accepting Electronically-Filed Tax Returns. The IRS anticipates some of the systems will remain unavailable until Thursday.
The Oil Lobby Has A Pretty Predictable Response To Obama's Oil Tax Proposal. The proposed fee would raise prices by about 24 cents a gallon.
Sumner Redstone Resigns As Executive Chairman Of CBS. Sumner Redstone has resigned as executive chairman of CBS, with Leslie Moonves stepping in the role, the company said Wednesday
FTC Chief Downplays How Many Students DeVry Allegedly Defrauded. The Federal Trade Commission's lawsuit suggests as many as 300,000 students were defrauded. The FTC's chairwoman said the figure is much smaller.
Yahoo Is For Sale, Maybe For Nothing?!?!. The question is whether anyone will pay for the struggling Internet giant.
Uber Has A New Look, But Its Drivers Still Have The Same Complaints. The company is touting its redesign as drivers strike over fare cuts.
BlackRock CEO Wants Companies To Stop Quarterly Earnings Estimates. They force investors -- and in turn, CEOs -- to focus too much on the short-term, Larry Fink says.
Etsy Won't Sacrifice Its Principles For Wall Street Investors. It's committed to creating social good.
It's Getting Easier To Snack Healthy At Your Desk. People are getting tired of junk food, and companies are taking notice.
If These Ads Work, They'll Be Irrelevant In 5 Years. Elon Musk's solar panel company should be competing with other solar producers, not fossil fuel firms.
5 Important Leadership Lessons From Kim Jong Un. 
Is Under Armour Copying Nike's Playbook?. While any sports shoe and apparel manufacturer can sign star athletes, Under Armour and Nike's other rivals have yet to master its use of the news media for promotional leverage. Nike pioneered this strategy during the 1984 Olympics.
Why Bonding With Your Boss Is The Best Career Move You Can Make. It's not brown-nosing if you really mean it.
11 Signs You Have the Grit You Need to Succeed. Grit is as rare as it is important. The good news is any of us can get grittier with a little extra focus and effort.
Got a COO?. Some argue that the role of a COO conflicts with the authority of the CEO and creates an unnecessary layer of management. While this argument may have some merit, the CEO is ultimately responsible for ensuring the success of the business. Recent research shows that there is a direct correlation between increased organizational performance and the presence of a COO.
Inside The Often Hidden Medical Quandary Of Rationing Drugs. CLEVELAND \u2014 In the operating room at the Cleveland Clinic, Dr. Brian Fitzsimons has long relied on a decades-old drug to
U.S. Fourth-Quarter GDP Rose At A 0.7 Percent Rate. The growth pace was in line with economists' expectations and followed a 2 percent rate in the third quarter.
Fossil Fuels Are A Terrible Investment, And They're Only Going To Get Worse. Dirty energy stocks are tumbling.
Solar Energy Just Eked Out A Major Win In California. In a 3-to-2 decision, California's Public Utilities Commission just barely voted to uphold the policy.
Kids May Not Be Ready For The World They'll Inherit. Here's why one CEO thinks we need to \teach children, and frankly, adults, how to learn.\
The World's Favorite New Tax Haven Is The United States. Moving money out of the usual offshore secrecy havens and into the U.S. is a brisk new business.
The Overlooked Way That Companies Can Make Workers More Loyal. It stars with cultivating values like kindness and respect as office norms.
Bikram Yoga Founder Ordered To Pay Nearly $1 Million In Sexual Harassment Suit. Bikram Choudhury was ordered to pay $924,500 on Monday to a former legal adviser.
Why Women Need To Stick Together At Work. The real lesson behind one woman's horrifying tale of sexism and shame on Wall Street.
What Happened When This Major Company Got Rid Of All Its Bosses. Without hierarchy, there is chaos.
Employee Wellness Programs Use Carrots And, Increasingly, Sticks. It may be an offer employees simply can no longer refuse.
The Introvert's Guide To Nailing A Job Interview. I was terrified for my first real job interview.
I Tried Exercising In The Middle Of The Workday, And I Hated It. Oh what a fool I was!
John Green Cares More About Loving His Work Than Finding An Audience. The celebrated author of \The Fault In Our Stars\ explains what motivates him to keep writing.
Goldman Sachs' Plan To Get More Older Women Back To Work. The odds are stacked against women over 50 who want to return to work. This program tries to help them.
11 Ways Successful People Overcome Uncertainty. There are proven strategies that you can use to improve the quality of your decisions when your emotions are clouding your judgment. What follows are eleven of the best strategies that successful people use in these moments.
Marriott CEO. \You've got a glorification of folks who say, 'Oh, I only sleep three to four hours a night' -- which is dead wrong.\
Why A Top Diversity Adviser Says Quotas Should Be A 'Last Resort'. Beth Brooke-Marciniak, EY's global head of public policy, says diversity takes some serious introspection first.
3 Ways You Can Use Social Media to Help Your Business Soar. Social media is not just about promoting your content directly, but also getting to know the movers and shakers in your industry. If you like to connect with people and companies online, it pays to mention them in your blogs, posts, and other content.
Why You Should Care About Your Boss\u2019 Health. It's not easy being in charge.
The Classic 'Masculine' Business Model Works Better When You Add Women. How getting away from cutthroat corporate practices can \mobilize talent, drive innovation and drive transformation.\
The Next Step In Gender Equality. To be included in the global financial system, women need digital identities, MasterCard executive says.
The One Trait Successful Managers Have In Common. A businessman and author shares the importance of empathy in leadership.
Why It's So Critical For Cities To Desegregate The Rich And Poor. Habitat for Humanity's CEO has an idea for how to do this.
PwC Chairman. More companies are realizing that refreshed, well-rested workers are better workers.
How To Eliminate The 'Benevolent Sexism' That Plagues Working Women. Tupperware CEO Rick Goings said the problem -- and the solution -- begins at the top.
Aron Cramer. \I don\u2019t think you can win politically by clinging to these ideas that simply don\u2019t add up.\
Finance Industry's 'Macho Attitude' About Sleep Has Serious Consequences. In a perfect world, we'd all sleep like Roger Federer.
Is A College Degree Really The Best Investment?. The traditional route of college and career has become risky in a tech-driven economy.
Jeff Bezos Gets Rave Reviews From Washington Post Veteran. Lally Weymouth said the Amazon CEO has done a \fantastic job\ with the paper.
Why Monitoring Workers Could End Up Backfiring. Watching employees' every move has huge implications for the quality of life of workers, and their families.
There Should Never Be All-Male Panels, UBS Exec Says. \It's just about recognizing human potential,\ says Caroline Anstey.
Banking Doesn't Have To Be A Boys' Club, Bank Of America Exec Says. But banks do have to find a way to get mid-career women back into the workforce, according to Anne Finucane.
JPMorgan Tells Some Bankers To Stop Working Weekends -- Unless They Have To. \We're trying to change the culture,\ a bank spokeswoman said.
Here's What CEOs Can Do To Earn The Public's Trust. Make money, do good.
Chipotle's Paid Sick Leave Has Nothing To Do With Its Food Safety Crisis. It's still a great move, though.
How To Rid Your Life Of FOMO. (If I Can Do It, Anyone Can.). I'm not saying it's easy...
Amazon May Refund Your Potentially Explosive Hoverboard. Officials aren't too confident in the product's overall ability to not ignite.
Melinda Gates Lays Out Her 3 Goals For A Better World. \We have to keep stepping up these challenges.\
Disney Recalls Darth Vader Baby Wear Over Choking Fear. Disneyland 60th anniversary bodysuits also affected
McKinsey Global Institute. Gender equality is good business.
Global Markets Plunge On Oil, China Fears. Queasy investors sent global markets plunging again Wednesday, stomping out recent meager gains and spotlighting fresh worries
Getting 196 Countries To Agree On Climate Change Was \u2018The Easy Part\u2019. Now comes the real work.
Ebola Vaccine Just Sold For $5 Million At Davos. The deal will help Merck wrap up clinical trials.
The Secret To Keeping Women Happy At Work Is Painfully Obvious. So why aren't more companies doing it?
Industry Leaders Discuss Digital Workforce Of The Future At Davos. How will evolving technology shape the workplace of tomorrow?
The World Is Actually Becoming A Better Place. This Finance Expert Explains Why.. \The future is bright.\
Huge California Gas Leak Will Come To An End In February, Utility Says. A relief well that the company began drilling in early December should reach the bottom of the 8,500-foot-deep well by late February or sooner, at which time it will be permanently taken out of service.
I Stopped Working For A Half-Hour Every Day And Got More Done. Turns out, going outside can do wonders.
CEOs Are Waking Up From Obsession With Profits And Facing Harsh Reality. A major survey of CEOs shows they're finally taking climate change seriously.
Chipotle\u2019s Strategy To Win Back Customers. The chain also plans to host a company-wide meeting on new food-safety measures.
Gas Selling For 47 Cents A Gallon As Oil Prices Drop Sharply. Just please don't run out and buy a Hummer.
Arianna Huffington's 5 Secrets To Thriving At Work. \u201cWe think, mistakenly, that success is the result of the amount of time we put in at work instead of the quality of time we put in.\
Want to Increase Trust? Increase Your Say/Do Ratio!. 
Are You the Shark in the Pond? It's Time to Find a Bigger Pond. Whether you've been in business for 10 days or 10 years, whether you've got $10,000 in revenue or $10 billion in revenue, there will be competition in whatever pond you're in. As the pond starts to fill up, even if you're at the top, someone or something is gaining on you to knock you from your perch.
Stock Prices Sink As 'Oil Glut' Rattles Global Markets. HOUSTON \u2014 The world is awash in crude oil, with enough extra produced last year to fuel all of Britain or Thailand. And the
Employee Wellness Programs Aren't So Voluntary Anymore. Take a blood test or lose your health coverage.
Chipotle Is Closing All Restaurants Next Month For A Food Safety Meeting. You'll have to find somewhere else to eat lunch on Feb. 8.
Goldman Sachs Reaches $5 Billion Settlement Over Mortgage Securities. About $2.4 billion of the settlement is in the form of a government penalty that represents about 10 percent of investors\u2019 losses.
Gondolas Could Ease New York's Looming Subway Nightmare. RIP, L train. Hello, gondolas!
Chipotle Set For Big Push To Win Back Customers. Its troubles began after an E. coli outbreak came to light at the end of October, with additional cases being reported over the next several weeks.
One Way Bernie Sanders Thinks He Could Stave Off Another Financial Crisis. He wants to end a conflict of interest in how debt is rated.
Why Bosses Should Snoop On Employees Less. Having a monitored desk could be worse than having no desk at all.
The Secret To Being Happy And Loving Your Job. There is no way to happiness; happiness is the way.
Elon Musk Isn't Afraid Of A Rival Electric Car From Apple. The Tesla chief said it's an \open secret\ that Apple is making its own electric vehicle.
There Are Now More Solar Jobs In America Than Oil Extraction Jobs. Unfortunately, oil still pays better.
World's Richest Lose $194 Billion In First Trading Week of 2016. The world\u2019s 400 richest people lost almost $194 billion this week as world stock markets began the year with a shudder on
Momofuku Founder David Chang Banned Tipping At His New Restaurant. He's the latest celebrity chef to take a stand against tipping.
6 Things You Didn't Know About The Industry Of Death. Walmart caskets come with free shipping, and other facts you might not know about the business of funerals.
No Winner In Powerball Sees Jackpot Surge To $1.3 Billion. It could be you!
Emotions Impact Your Work -- So Why Don't Companies Take Mental Health Seriously?. Mental health in the workplace is neglected and rarely, if ever, addressed, according to an expert.
Powerball Jackpot Skyrockets To $900 Million. The odds of a winner are climbing, too.
United Airlines Faces Questions Over CEO\u2019s Health. Mr. Munoz\u2019s surprise surgery on Wednesday shocked some employees and investors in light of his statement, distributed by
Chipotle Sued For Violating Federal Securities Laws Over Statements On Food Safety. Chipotle's sales and stock price have been battered by the outbreaks of foodborne illnesses linked to the company's restaurants.
Here's How You Can Justify Buying A Powerball Lottery Ticket. You can waste this $2 without feeling bad.
U.S. Economy Adds 292,000 Jobs In December, Unemployment Steady At 5%. WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 American employers added a strong 292,000 jobs in December, suggesting that the U.S. economy is so far
Wall Street Is Pummeling The Nation's Largest Student Loan Company. Investors flee Navient Corp. as concerns mount.
World Could Face Months Of Chinese Market Aftershocks. Trading has been halted for the day, the second daylong suspension this week.
No Winner In $500 Million Powerball Lottery, Official Says. The estimated prize for Saturday's drawing is $675 million!
Soon You Can Netflix And Chill From All Around The World. Netflix announced it will expand to 130 more countries.
Why Bernie Sanders Wants To Make Credit Rating Agencies Into Nonprofits. The presidential hopeful says the industry has a major conflict of interest. He's not wrong.
How To Ask For A Raise. If you've never summoned the will to ask for a raise, you're definitely not alone.
New York Medical Marijuana Program Begins -- And No One Is Excited. A lack dispensaries and participating doctors will likely cripple the pot program.
Macy's Announces Thousands Of Job Cuts. The retailer had a terrible holiday season.
Thanks, Obama, For Confirming That It's Totally Fine For Powerful Men To Cry. Finally, in 2016, crying is not a sign of weakness.
Chipotle Slapped With Subpoena Over Virus Outbreak. It's tied to an outbreak at a restaurant in California.
Secret Fine Print Lets Wall Street Enrich Itself With Retirees' Savings. Diane Bucci and her fellow retired Rhode Island schoolteachers were angry about a deal last year to cut their promised retirement
There's Something Critical Missing In The Fight For A $15 Minimum Wage. Why paid family leave is an essential part of lifting workers out of poverty.
Here\u2019s The Scary Truth About Workplace Stress. We asked Americans how they feel about their jobs. The results weren't pretty.
The Obama Administration Could Repeat Its Biggest Mistake Of The Financial Crisis. The government has vowed to punish executives for corporate wrongdoing. Will it follow through?
U.S. Car Sales Set Annual Record In 2015. U.S. car sales hit an annual record, clearing a previous peak reached in 2000 as lower gas prices and interest rates spurred
Yet Another Reason To Love Legos. Some toy blocks are outshining gold.
Coal Miner's Union Wins Big Victory For Retired Members. But they're still only getting half the money they were supposed to.
U.S. Stocks Fall After Chinese Markets Plummet. Losses in China were bad enough to close stock markets for the day.
GM Is Working With Lyft To Build An Army Of Self-Driving Cars. The auto giant invested $500 million into Uber's main U.S. rival.
Is Sears Playing Markdown Games With Me?. The washing machine Laurie Beane just bought from Sears is suddenly on sale. Why does the company want to return it in order to honor the new price?
Is Your Life Insurance Dying?. Here are five things to ask your agent about your policy right now -- while you still can adjust your premiums to make up for the rising costs.
4 Ways to Tell Clients Why You Are Valuable. Communicating value isn't about a list of things you do or products you offer. It isn't even enough to share stories about people who have used your product or service or become involved in your cause.
Elevate Your Leadership in 2016. My January article offers sixteen ways to elevate your leadership, with the emphasis on who you need to \BE\ in order to achieve these simple but often neglected \to-dos.\
5 Key Actions To Maximize Entrepreneur Productivity. If you define your self-worth as an entrepreneur by how busy you are, it's time to find another lifestyle. For survival, entrepreneurs need to be all about accomplishing results that matter for themselves, their team, and their customers. That's productivity.
The Need for Private-Public Partnerships Against Cyber Threats -- Why A Good Offense May be Our Best Defense.. The Internet has delivered on its promise of social and economic progress. Unfortunately, it has also delivered unprecedented opportunities for scaling global conflict, terrorism, criminal activity, state and industrial espionage and vandalism. These risks continue to expand.
How Elizabeth Warren Beat A Student Loan Giant. Investors are fleeing Navient Corp. as traders increasingly bet that the company will default on its debt.
New York City Has A Plan To Help Freelancers Get Paid On Time. The bill requires contracts for projects and payment within 30 days of completion.
Why The Maker Of This Hovering Vehicle Won't Call It A 'Hoverboard\u2019. While everyone was going wild over two-wheeled, hands-free scooters, an aerospace company made a real freakin' hoverboard.
Valeant CEO Is Taking Medical Leave With Severe Pneumonia. The troubled pharmaceutical company will be led by a group of executives until CEO Michael Pearson is well.
Minorities Exploited By Warren Buffett\u2019s Mobile-Home Empire. The company is controlled by Warren Buffett, one of the world\u2019s richest men, but its methods hardly match Buffett\u2019s honest
2015's Most Amazing Images From Business And Industry. What a year.
Finding a Gifted Translator to Translate Your Important Documents into Foreign Languages. Whether you need your website, or an important document such as a marriage license, transcript, contract or other official document translated into another language, it helps to understand what kinds of features you should be looking for.
Take Control of Day One Onboarding Into a New Job. 
9 Habits of Profoundly Influential People. Influential people aren't buffeted by the latest trend or by public opinion. They form their opinions carefully based on the facts. They're more than willing to change their mind when the facts support it, but they aren't influenced by what other people think, only by what they know.
What Makes a Leader?. Similar to the point above, just because you have a C-level title, doesn't automatically make you a \leader.\ I often stress the fact that you don't need a title to lead. You can be a leader in your workplace, your neighborhood, or your family, all without having a title.
6 Reasons Why Bigger Is Not Better In Your Startup. There are a host of reasons why a non-focused startup business is more likely to struggle for survival, lose market and investor attention, and miss out on the opportunity to capitalize on their scope.
Young & Entrepreneurial. For Sean Conway, entrepreneurship was in his blood. Growing up in a household where his parents were both entrepreneurs, Sean knew from an early age that he wanted to be an entrepreneur as well. So at the age of 15, he started reading all the business books he could.
Volkswagen Realizing the High Cost of Deception. The most expensive problems are those that customers or interested third parties discover. If companies try to sweep them \under the rug,\ or invest resources to deliberately deceive the public, there is likely to be a big explosion as the pressure builds under that rug. This is what has happened to VW.
7 Ways to Spice Up Your Email Signature. Effective personal branding can even help you land your dream job. An often overlooked way to showcase what you bring to the table lies in your email signature.
FedEx Admits That Not All Packages Made It In Time For Christmas. But some heroic employees have volunteered to work on the holiday.
Going Against the Flow. Chuck Cohn founded Varsity Tutors in 2007 at Washington University in St. Louis. Varsity Tutors is a live learning platform that connects students with personalized instruction to accelerate academic achievement.
Secret Santa's Inflation Hedges for 2016. I have something I can give you for the holidays -- a way to help insure some future prosperity with a few inflation-fighting stock picks that can brighten up your portfolio, which also can be used to help balance your home budget against unexpected cost increases.
Lender Discrimination May Be Pushing Black Churches Into Bankruptcy. Predominantly African American congregations make up one-fifth of U.S. religious congregations but three-fifths of church
U.S. Christmas Lights Burn More Energy Than Some Nations In A Year. Developing countries face pressure to use renewable energy, but maybe we should unplug our decorations.
Hyatt Hotels' Payment System Hacked By Credit-Card Stealing Malware. It's not yet known if the attackers succeeded in stealing payment card numbers.
Chipotle Tweaks Cooking Methods After E. Coli Outbreak. \When you're given a project like this, you look at the universe of hazards,\ said Mansour Samadpour, CEO of IEH Laboratories, which was hired by Chipotle to tighten its procedures.
Mom Who Recently Held Down 3 Jobs Wants Stable Home For Daughters. Shannon White is thrilled to have a place to come home to. Now she wants her daughters to join her there.
Martin Shkreli's Successor Had His Own Issues In The Past. The successor to Martin Shkreli, the flamboyant former executive at the center of the drug industry\u2019s price-gouging scandals
16 Companies That Did The Right Thing For Parents In 2015. These employers aren't waiting for America to change its policy on parental leave.
When You Weren't Paying Attention Congress Shook Up The Student Loan Market. A small change could mean a big improvement for Americans with federal student loans.
How 19 Big-Name Corporations Plan to Make Money Off the Climate Crisis. According to some of the world's biggest companies, future disasters could also present lucrative business opportunities.
World Bank Finally Boosting Oversight Of Projects That Displace Millions. New measures follow ICIJ and HuffPost investigation that revealed bank wasn't enforcing its own rules
This Was The Year We Finally Started To Care About Working Parents. 2015 was a tipping point for paid leave in the U.S.
The Fed Is Trying To Keep Mortgage Rates Low With A Blog Post. The central bank doesn't think interest rates will rise -- unless Wall Street misses the message.
Oil Prices Have Hit An 11-Year Low, And That's Exactly What Saudi Arabia Wants. Where do things go from here? Nobody really knows.
Martin Shkreli's Twitter Account Appears Hacked. It's another bad day for the reviled pharma executive.
10 Habits of Ultra-Likeable Leaders. Becoming a more likable leader is completely under your control, and it's a matter of emotional intelligence (EQ). Unlike innate, fixed characteristics, such as your intelligence (IQ), EQ is a flexible skill that you can improve with effort.
Leverage the Fuzzy Front End Between Accepting and Starting a New Job. Many leaders fall into the trap of thinking that leadership begins on day one of a new job. But everything new leaders do and say, and don't do and don't say, sends powerful signals, starting well before they even walk in the door on day one.
Martin Shkreli Resigns As Turing CEO After Securities Fraud Arrest. He's being replaced on an interim basis by Ron Tilles.
Working Parents Get Big Boost From New York City. This is a huge win for women in particular.
JPMorgan Chase Hit With Multi-Million Dollar Fine For Shady Investment Advice. The bank pushed customers into its own expensive funds when cheaper options were available.
Reviled Pharma CEO Martin Shkreli Resigns. TRENTON, N.J. (AP) \u2014 The pharmaceutical executive reviled for price-gouging resigned Friday as head of the drugmaker Turing
This Is The Most Important Thing To Remember When Choosing A Job. It's not about the money, folks.
No One Is Sure What We're Going To Do When The Robots Come For Our Jobs. Everyone knows we need to change how people get benefits in America. But no one is really sure how.
Here's The Latest Company To Improve Its Parental Leave And Sick Time Perks. The e-payment company is the latest tech giant to enhance its benefit programs for U.S. employees.
CEO Who Price Gouged HIV Drug Arrested For Securities Fraud. A boyish drug company entrepreneur, who rocketed to infamy by jacking up the price of a life-saving pill from $13.50 to $750
Here's How To Get Investors To Save The Planet. A top advisor to big investors says the U.S. needs to tax carbon emissions.
3 Charts That Show Why The Fed Should Have Waited To Raise Rates -- And The One Reason It Didn't. Broader unemployment is high, and inflation is low. So why is the Fed moving now?
Big Banks Raise Rates As Investors Bet They'll Benefit From Fed's Move. Banks appear to be among the biggest beneficiaries of the Federal Reserve's decision to increase the cost to borrow.
Even Hip Startups Pay Women Less Than Men. Women earn 77 cents for every dollar a guy makes at these new companies.
The Nation Is Giving Workers 4 Months Of Paid Parental Leave. The Nation magazine, to be clear. The U.S. still offers no paid leave to parents.
How AT&T Execs Took Over The Red Cross And Hurt Its Ability To Help People. WHEN GAIL MCGOVERN WAS PICKED to head the American Red Cross in 2008, the organization was reeling. Her predecessor had been
Elon Musk Is Ready To Conquer Mars. One of his companies is trying to upend the auto industry. Another of his companies is trying to put people on Mars. Yet
One Company's Mission To Fix Our Sleep Deprivation Crisis. The health insurance provider Aetna wants you to know the difference a good night's rest makes.
6 Unusual Habits of Exceptionally Creative People. Day jobs provide more than the much-needed financial security to create freely. They also add structure to your day that can make your creative time a wonderful release. The list of successful, creative minds who kept their day jobs is a long one.
Position Yourself for Success Heading Into a New Job. Knowing your strengths and motivations will help you better create career options that are a true fit for your skills, will allow you to better position yourself in interviews (sell before you buy), and will help you thoroughly assess and effectively mitigate risks.
AT&T's Fiber Optic Construction Last Six Years -- $140 Billion, or One Slice of Pizza and \FiberHype\?. 
Renters Are Mostly Screwed, But Here\u2019s One City That\u2019s Actually Affordable. Why you should ditch your unaffordable apartment and move to Des Moines.
9 Idiotic Office Rules That Drive Everyone Insane. Companies need to have rules--that's a given--but they don't have to be shortsighted and lazy attempts at creating order. If companies can rethink their policies and remove or alter those that are unnecessary or demoralizing, we'll all have a more enjoyable and productive time at work.
The Extraordinary Life -- And Why I'm Scared of It. Don't set resolutions. Get clear on your values. Set dreams. Follow them and never give up. Fail once. Fail again. Fail some more. It's scary. But extraordinary is called extraordinary because it's a life outside of the ordinary. It requires going that \extra\ mile that most people don't bother taking because of reasons I won't go into here.
Try-Before-You-Buy. Lumoid CEO Aarthi Ramamurthy discusses the company's try-before-you-buy service. She speaks on \Bloomberg \u2039GO\u203a.\
No One Is Actually Sure If The 'Sharing Economy' Even Exists. This is a new era of work! Maybe. Possibly? \u00af\\_(\u30c4)_/\u00af
Doug Tompkins, North Face Co-Founder, Was A True American Hero. Though not well known in the U.S., he was one of its greatest conservationists.
Highly Contagious Virus Behind Boston Chipotle Outbreak. Chipotle\u2019s going viral for all the wrong reasons -- again.
Wall Street's Plan To Get People To Save More Money. Bank lobbyists won\u2019t support a rule to help stop brokers from ripping off would-be retirees, but they did hand out free pizza.
Chipotle. Health officials are investigating whether 30 students were affected by E.coli.
Cleveland City Council Votes To Raise Minimum Age To Buy Tobacco Products To 21. The measure is part of an effort to block teenagers and adolescents from getting addicted to tobacco.
Don\u2019t Let Its New Policy Fool You. Morgan Stanley Is A Huge Coal Bank.. $13.9 billion in financing between 2009 and 2014.
This Will Be Mark Zuckerberg's Biggest Challenge As A Philanthropist. Unfortunately, personal reputation often gets in the way of philanthropy.
Workers At Donald Trump's Las Vegas Hotel Vote To Unionize. Hillary Clinton attended a protest to support the workers in October.
Grocery Chains Made A Promise To The First Lady, But They Broke It. An AP investigation found that major grocers overwhelmingly avoid building stores in America's food deserts.
Amazon Plans To Warm New Seattle Office Towers With Recycled Heat. The company will use excess heat from an Internet data center.
Gun Stocks Climb After Obama Urges Congress To Restrict Sales. There are already more guns in America than Americans.
The CEO Paying Everyone $70,000 Salaries Has Something To Hide. But there\u2019s a problem with all those scenarios
The False Divide Between Digital vs. Traditional Media. This post argues two basic points.  First, and contrary to conventional \digital eco-system\ thinking, both traditional and new media are useful at each stage.   And, second, the decision making process -- and media needed to stimulate behavior change -- depends on category type.
Borrowers Pay the Piper for Lender Misdeeds. 
The First Insider Trader in Commodities. Those interested in insider trading should pay close attention to trading in non-securities. Especially in recent years, some of the most important enforcement events have far from public equity exchanges.
Trailblazing Women. With a reputation for providing practical and actionable networking guidance, Kelly empowers with frameworks to take opportunities to the next level of growth. \Stop committing random acts of networking\ is her frequent (and favorite) advice.
Can You Turn Your Investment Loss Into Tax Savings?. Before your holiday to-do list gets too overwhelming, take the time to review your investments -- both winners and losers -- to see if balancing capital gains and losses could lower your tax bill. It's not a difficult process, but it does take some careful calculations.
Latest Jobs Report May Clear The Way For A December Rate Hike. The economy added 211,000 jobs in November.
Here's What Big Banks Won't Say About Their Anti-Coal Pledges. Those promises likely won't cost them their billions of dollars in lending business.
Brooklyn Pizza Joint Nixes Obamacare Fee After Just One Day. It was not a \protest against Obamacare,\ the restaurant's co-owner said. But guests weren't happy about it.
WSJ. The fate of troubled Internet portal Yahoo Inc. may be decided in a marathon series of board meetings this week.
'All You Americans Are Fired'. The H-2 guest worker program, which brought in 150,000 legal foreign workers last year, isn\u2019t supposed to deprive any American of a job.
Exxon Mobil Screwed Up Its Attack On Columbia For Climate Reports. Bringing up its financial ties to the school was a bad move, experts say.
Even Conservatives Think The U.S. Is Failing On Day Care Support. Low-income workers with odd hours don't get enough help with childcare.
See The Amazon Drone That Will Deliver In 30 Minutes Or Less. Prime Air drones can carry packages weighing up to 5 pounds.
Students Chastise CEOs For Failing On Climate Change. The chief executives of Apple, Walmart, Amazon and Coca-Cola get called out.
On Cyber Monday, Consider All The Workers Who Bring You That Stuff. Shopping online means we rarely encounter any of the workers who make it possible.
Parental Leave Revolution Moves From Tech To Banking. Credit Suisse offers 20 weeks of paid leave, citing competition from technology companies.
Facebook Announces Four Months Of Paid Parental Leave For All Employees. It'll be available to employees regardless of gender or location.
How To Blow Your Boss's Mind. The trick to advancing your career and getting paid more is to add value by making certain your contributions are worth more than you're paid. You want to go above and beyond so that you're seen as someone highly valuable--someone the organization can't live without.
Selling a House to Buy a House. Homeowners sell their homes and buy other homes for a variety of reasons including a need to live closer to a place of employment, to be closer to family, to enjoy a better climate, or simply to upgrade. This article is about finding the best sequence of steps in the process.
Why the Sharing Economy Is Harming Workers -- and What Must Be Done. It's possible to have a flexible economy and also provide workers some minimal level of security. A decent society requires no less.
The End Might Be Near For Brick And Mortar Black Friday. U.S. e-commerce sales surged on Thanksgiving, raising questions about how many shoppers will show up for brick-and-mortar
These People Got Way Too Aggressive On Black Friday. Videos of the brawls that broke out in local stores this year.
The Walmart Black Friday Protest Ain't What It Used To Be. A labor union schism has given Walmart a lot less to worry about on the big day.
REI To Black Friday Shoppers. The company is closing its retail stores for the day.
Black Friday Crowds Thin After U.S. Stores Open On Thanksgiving. Crowds were thin at U.S. stores and shopping malls in the early hours of Friday, initial spot checks showed, as shoppers
Are You a Leader or a Follower?. 
The Macy's Thanksgiving Parade Is Just a Three-Hour Advertisement. Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade isn't a festive event; it's a prolonged commercial\u00a0that manipulates families into buying products they don't need. t's time Americans really see this event for what it really is, snap out of the shopping spirit and focus on real values.
Most Americans Think Stores Should Close For Thanksgiving. Nearly a quarter say they or someone in their family will be heading into work on the holiday.
How Exxon Mobil And Koch Brothers Created A Culture Of Climate Doubt. A new study finds that groups funded by the energy industry heavyweights use similar messages.
Why Retailers Will Inevitably Lose The War On Thanksgiving. Simple economics -- not employer benevolence -- may eventually keep stores closed on the holiday.
Walmart Is Always Watching Its Workers. Walmart considered\u00a0the Organization United for Respect at Walmart, a group that asked for more full-time jobs with higher
The Only Shopping Guide For Cyber Monday You Need. Don't forget to check traditional brick and mortar stores for deals too.
Hardcore Black Friday Shopper Creates Man-Cave Outside Of Best Buy. Hey, if you're going to spend five days waiting in line...
WATCH. Shop according to deal rather than according to store.
Pfizer Will Buy Allergan In Massive $160 Billion Deal. It will be the biggest deal ever in the healthcare sector.
The Fed and the Markets. You've heard that old saying
4 Tips for Better (And Less Biased) Interview Questions. The answer to the question should be relevant for the role. What not to ask
Volkswagen's Emissions Scandal Is Getting Even Bigger. More Volkswagen, Audi and Porsche owners could face recalls of their cars.
No, Donald Trump, The Free Market Can't Solve The Child Care Crisis. Parents need a real solution to the lack of affordable day care for kids.
Elon Musk Just Dropped Another Hint That Tesla May Take On Uber. Tesla's CEO says hiring self-driving engineers is \a super high priority.\
Price-Gouging Pharma CEO Takes Over Cancer Company. Since investors led by Martin Shkreli swooped in, the price of KaloBios has skyrocketed.
As Chevy Ends Award-Winning Sustainability Plan, The Climate Is Just As Screwed As Ever. The program, while commendable, doesn't change the fact that Chevy's business is harmful to the planet.
Warren Buffett's Grandson Is Out To Prove 'Commerce Can Have A Conscience'. \It's just not enough to only be 'less bad,' but it is essential to be 'actively good.'\
Psychiatrist In Jared Fogle Case Links Weight Loss And 'Mild Pedophilia'. Not the best endorsement for the Subway diet.
A Drug Company Is Putting Work-Life Balance Before Profit. Cool.. This is a first.
Women Are Nowhere Near Reaching Equality In Corporate Boardrooms, Study Finds. There's one woman for every seven men in the top roles at California's biggest companies.
How Google Is Embracing Team Work And Workplace Wellness. The tech giant released new research on Tuesday about building productive and cohesive teams.
Website Exposes Employers' Maternity Leave Policies. Nearly half of American workers are women, yet they still face discrimination and inequality in the workplace, especially
It Makes Sense For Urban Outfitters To Sell Pizza. Seriously. The struggling retail chain just bought a group of Italian restaurants. The move isn't all that weird, if you really think about it.
Please Stop Blaming Women For Making Less Money Than Men. No, we're not \bad negotiators.\
Marriott Buys Rival Hotel Chain Starwood For $12 Billion. The deal will secure Marriott's position as the world's largest hotelier.
Tech Companies Step In To Help After Paris Attacks. Airbnb asked Paris hosts to offer free housing to those in need, and Facebook enabled its Safety Check tool.
Ohio Player Wins $200 Million In Mega Millions Lottery. The winning numbers were 17-18-31-35-59. The mega ball number was 9.
7 Challenges Successful People Overcome. 
10 Communication Secrets of Great Leaders. 
Percentage Of Women In Boardrooms Nears Milestone, But Has A Long Way To Go. Women hold nearly 19 percent of seats on corporate boards. That's considered progress.
More Bad News For Macy\u2019s Ahead Of Holiday Shopping Season. But bargain-hunters will rejoice.
Airbnb Throws A Bone To City Governments. After defeating a proposal to clamp down on short-term rentals in San Francisco, the company wants to play nice.
Amazon Rally Makes Jeff Bezos World's Fourth Richest Man. Jeff Bezos has edged past Carlos Slim to become the world\u2019s fourth-richest person, buoyed by a 113 percent rally this year
An Open Apology To Smart Women Everywhere. Women deserve more credit than we give them.
This U.S. City Is Welcoming Veterans With An Innovative New Program. The Where Opportunity Knox initiative is connecting Army veterans to jobs and community life in the greater Louisville, Kentucky, area.
Photos Show Workers Around The Country Striking For $15 Minimum Wage. People are asking for a livable wage.
Fast Food Strikes Hit Cities Throughout The Country. The campaign says workers earning less than $15 per hour are \u201ca voting bloc that can no longer be ignored.\u201d
A Year After The Sony Hack, A Look At What's Changed -- And What Hasn't. The Sony hack was a corporate nightmare that reverberated through Hollywood, the U.S. State Department, the American workplace
Volkswagen's U.S. Sales Go Up In October, Despite Diesel Emissions Scandal. There is a world in which consumers swiftly punish Volkswagen where it counts \u2014 the coffers \u2014 for its massive, systematic
Some LGBT-Friendly Businesses Stayed Silent On Houston Equal Rights Ordinance. Houston voters rejected the ballot measure last week.
How 5-Hour Energy Founder Limits His Work Week To Just 40 Hours. It just takes a bit of prioritization and time management.
Starbucks Offers Free College Tuition To Military Spouses And Children. Military families can now earn bachelor's degrees at Arizona State University for free.
Real Estate Shell Companies Are Stealing Homes In The Shadows. Relying on the secrecy of limited liability companies, white-collar thieves are targeting pockets of New York City for fraudulent
Direct Marketing. 
How Positivity Makes You Healthy and Successful. 
Volkswagen May Try To Pay Off Owners Of Diesel Cars. FRANKFURT \u2014 Volkswagen is expected to offer cash to the owners of diesel cars this coming week as it steps up an effort to
This Is What Happens When A CEO Actually Cares About Equality For Women. Salesforce has spent $3 million adjusting salaries so that women and men are paid equally.
Facebook Profit Soars, Stock Hits All-Time High. Facebook now has 8 billion video views each day, up from 4 billion in April.
Salesforce Adjusts Salaries By $3 Million To Ensure Women Are Paid Equally. Salesforce.com said Tuesday that it made $3 million in adjustments to employee salaries this year to make sure women and
Chipotle Ordered To Rehire Fired Worker Who Joined Fight For $15. The worker was also reprimanded for discussing wages with his colleagues, which is a federal right.
Animal Lovers Are Going To Be Moo-ved By Panera's Big Announcement. New animal welfare commitments scrap confinement crates for pregnant pigs and promise cage-free eggs by 2020.
New Employees At Salesforce Volunteer Out Of Office On First Day At Work. Not your typical start to a new job.
U.S. Electric Sector Expected To Hit Lowest CO2 Emissions In 20 Years. This will be the first time the industry emits fewer than 2 billion metric tons since 1995.
Volkswagen's Emissions Scandal Just Got So Much Worse. The auto giant admitted to a cheating on a CO2 emissions test, too.
Is It Safe To Eat At Chipotle After The E. Coli Outbreak?. The recent news about an outbreak of food poisoning at Washington state Chipotle restaurants may have you wondering if it's
Sugar, Corn Syrup Makers Square Off In Court Over Nutritional Claims. The multimillion dollar trial started Tuesday.
HP CEO Says That Carly Fiorina Is Not Qualified To Be President. \Literally having some experience in politics is probably an important criteria,\ Meg Whitman says.
Amazon Vastly Improves Parental Leave Benefits. The online retail giant offers paternity leave for the first time.
E. Coli Outbreak Linked To Chipotle Restaurants Grows. At least 37 people have been infected by an E. coli outbreak linked to the fast-casual restaurant.
The Great Remix. Another day, another merger. Telephone companies, drug companies, drugstores, airlines, hospitals, retail stores and beer. Why?
The Most Unusual Ancestry In Each State. Perceived as a land of opportunity, the United States has always attracted migrants from around the world who settled together in a nation now commonly referred to as the Great Melting Pot.
VW's Emissions Cheat Could Kill Upwards Of 59 People In The U.S.. Not a victimless crime.
Hip Coffee Chains Are Selling Out, And That's OK. Coffee snobs are worried, but they shouldn't be.
Google Gives Up The Secrets To Creating A Great Workplace. The advice is based on research and results.
Macy's Is Starting Black Friday On Thanksgiving For Third Consecutive Year. The Black Friday creep continues.
2 More Major Companies Vow To Transition To Cage-Free Eggs. It'll take a decade, but it's still good news.
REI CEO Says Closing On Black Friday Is A 'Radical Idea'. Jerry Stritzke tells HuffPost Live the choice is \central to the brand.\
Hershey. CEO
Deutsche Bank To Cut 35,000 Jobs, A Quarter Of Its Workforce. The announcement came Thursday as the bank reported a net loss of 6 billion euros.
Uber's Surge Pricing Doesn't Do What It Claims To. Uber\u2019s surge pricing doesn\u2019t necessarily increase the availability of rides. It just makes them more expensive.
This Video Game Could Change Business School Forever -- And It's Actually Fun. We got to test out a new game that's supposed to be better at teaching strategy than a professor is. Here's what we found.
The Simple Way A Tech Company Is Keeping Women From Quitting. Adobe proves that if you give great maternity leave bennies you'll earn women's loyalty. Because, duh.
Here\u2019s How You Know The Economy Is Not Growing Fast Enough. The Federal Reserve is acting cautiously. If they're concerned, chances are you should be, too.
100 CEOs Have As Much In Retirement Funds As 41 Percent of U.S.. The retirement savings accumulated by just 100 chief executives are equal to the entire retirement accounts of 41 percent of U.S. families -- or more than 116 million people, a new study finds.
After Criminal Leak Case, Goldman Changes Its Revolving Door Policy. Trying to put the \Government Sachs\ label to rest.
Amazon Prime Now Drivers Claim They Were Paid Below Minimum Wage. Who's paying for the delivery service? \Down-on-their-luck low-wage workers,\ says the drivers' lawyer.
This Startup Offers Women An Amazing, Affordable And Thoughtful Perk. Domo gives its employees $2,000 to buy maternity clothes for work.
DreamWorks CEO To Elon Musk. Jeffrey Katzenberg is really grateful for his Tesla Model S.
United Apologizes To Passenger With Cerebral Palsy Who Had To Crawl Off Plane. D'Arcee Neal had to crawl half the length of the plane to reach his wheelchair.
Wal-Mart To Challenge Amazon On Drone Delivery. The retailer wants to test drones for its grocery pickup service, which it has recently expanded to 23 markets.
A Man With Cerebral Palsy Was Left To Crawl Off A United Plane. Passenger D'Arcee Neal called the experience \humiliating.\
Is Your Job Search Too Old-Fashioned?. If you are over 40 or it has been more than three years since your last job hunt, you are probably unaware of how much recruiting and hiring practices have changed recently, particularly with the growth of social media and also with the tough job market we have been experiencing.
Uber Could Be World's Most Valuable Start-Up If $1 Billion Fund-Raising Goal Reached. Just three months after raising an enormous sum of money from investors, Uber is at it again.
The Most Popular Brand In Each State. Marketing agencies make it a priority to identify the nation\u2019s regional brand tastes \u2014 why people choose Coca-Cola over Pepsi
Federal Judge Rips DOJ For Letting Corporate Lawbreakers Off Easy. Deals that favor rehabilitation over prison can be a big break for defendants, but the government increasingly gives them to companies.
J. Crew Will End On-Call Shifts For U.S. Workers. Victoria's Secret, Abercrombie & Fitch, Gap Inc and other retailers already agreed to end the practice.
Company That Imported Illegally Logged Timber Pleads Guilty To Environmental Crimes. \Lumber Liquidators' race to profit resulted in the plundering of forests and wildlife habitat that, if continued, could spell the end of the Siberian tiger.\
Theranos Responds At Length To Wall Street Journal Investigation. The blood-testing company says the Journal isn't telling the truth.
Even The Most Elite Women Are Subject To The Gender Pay Gap. Men and women who graduate business school earn roughly the same at first, but over time the pay gap grows -- and grows and grows.
Airbnb Apologizes For Posting Snarky Ads Aimed At Schools & Libraries. Signs and billboards told public agencies how to spend tax money.
What Women Can Learn From Paul Ryan. Really.. Nevermind the hypocrisy, the man is on to something about work-life balance.
The Life and Death of an Amazon Warehouse Temp. In 2013, an Amazon warehouse temp collapsed on the job and died. This is his story.
Here's How Subway Plans To Prove Its Footlongs Are Actually A Foot Long. After a class-action lawsuit, the company is going to make sure its subs are as long as advertised.
Microsoft Just Took A Step Toward Actual Gender Diversity. Soon three women will serve on Microsoft's board -- meeting the real threshold for gender diversity.
Subway Is Transitioning To Antibiotic-Free Meat. The full switch won't be complete until 2025, the company says.
4-Year-Old Obsessed With CVS Just Got A Birthday Party She'll Never Forget. This is pretty darn cute.
VW Built Several Devices That Evaded Emissions Tests. * VW changed cheat software for new engine types - sources * VW used different defeat devices in Europe, United States * VW
Chinese Economic Growth Hits 6-Year Low. But it's not as bad as people feared.
United Airlines General Counsel To Take Over As Acting CEO. Oct 19 (Reuters) - United Continental Holdings Inc said late Monday that its general counsel Brett Hart would take over as
Amazon Still Pretty Angry About That New York Times Story. Jay Carney offers detailed response to front-page story -- two months later.
Work Stress Is A Major Health Problem, Even For CEOs. Workplace wellness often does not extend to the executives.
Innovation in China. If China fails to turbocharge its capacity to innovate, the country will experience a hard economic landing and social stability will be threatened. But can China evolve into an innovation powerhouse? The jury is out.
Twitter Will Pay Its New Executive Chairman A 5-Digit Base Salary. Omid Kordestani joined Twitter from Google earlier this week. His base salary at Google was $237,500, almost 5 times as much.
Proof That '90s Jingles Will Haunt You Forever. \I want my baby back...\
McDonald's All-Day Breakfast Is Hurting Franchises But Boy, Are Those Hash Browns Good. Many franchisees say that the new meal option is losing them money.
Health Tech Startup Theranos Struggles With Blood Test Devices. Theranos has struggled behind the scenes to turn the excitement over its technology into reality. At the end of 2014, the
The Richest And Poorest Cities In America. U.S. median household income increased in 2014 to $53,657, an increase of roughly $600 from the previous year. Still, U.S
This Is Why We Should Pay Attention To Bernie Sanders On Social Security. Because your 401(k) really might not be enough, a new report finds.
Twitter Names Former Google Exec As Chairman. The company hopes Omid Kordestani can ally concerns over CEO Jack Dorsey running two companies at once.
Square, Mobile Payments Giant, Just Filed For Its IPO. The startup, founded and run by Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey, will list on the New York Stock Exchange.
AB InBev, SABMiller Agree To $106 Billion Merger; Will Create World's Biggest Beer Company. AB InBev has been trying for nearly a month to get its hands on SABMiller.
The Return Of Michael Dell. Michael Dell, founder of what once was the leading PC maker, stepped out of the limelight when he took Dell Inc. private
Tesla Accuses Journalists Of Attacking Workers At Gigafactory. One employee was injured when a journalist reportedly struck him with a Jeep.
Another Way Companies Make It Harder For New Mothers. A new study says breastfeeding moms don't get the accommodation they need at work -- but there's something they can do about it.
Tesla's Elon Musk Is Thinking About Designing An Electric Plane. Your flight to Europe could one day be completely powered by rechargeable batteries. Elon Musk is convinced that some of
What Exxon Knew About The Melting Arctic All Along. Back in 1990, as the debate over climate change was heating up, a dissident shareholder petitioned the board of Exxon, one
See If Your Next-Door Neighbor Is A Toxic Dump. An interactive map created by media artist Brooke Singer shows the 1,300-plus toxic sites scattered across the U.S.
Regulators Open Second Investigation Into VW Emissions Software. WASHINGTON \u2014 Federal and California regulators have begun an investigation into a second computer program in Volkswagen\u2019s
California Agency Votes To Ban Captive Orca Breeding At SeaWorld. The Coastal Commission said it approves SeaWorld San Diego's plans to expand its killer whale tank -- but \with conditions.\
Volkswagen To Stop Delivery Of 2016 American Diesel Models. WASHINGTON (AP) \u2014 Volkswagen plans to withdraw applications seeking U.S. emissions certifications for its 2016 model Jettas
Fiat Chrysler Reaches Tentative Deal With UAW, Avoiding Expensive Strike. That deal included pay raises, the potential for increased profit sharing and a $3,000 signing bonus.
Urban Outfitters Is The Latest Retailer To Correct This Unfair Labor Practice. The apparel giant is giving its workers more flexibility, after a helpful nudge from the New York attorney general.
Demolishing The 7 Myths Propping Up Fossil Fuels. It's time to set the record straight.
Urban Outfitters' Call For Free Labor Is Just Its Latest Shameful Move. Let's take a depressing walk down memory lane, shall we?
Why This Preschool Just Wrote Goldman Sachs A Check. The company helped fund a preschool program that's working for the kids and paying off for the investors.
South Carolina Floods Are A Small-Business Owner's 'Nightmare'. \How do you prepare for that? How does anybody prepare for that? You can\u2019t.\
Most Men Don't Care About Diversity In The Boardroom. Many of the boys in the boys club seem OK with the status quo.
Another Company Offering A Year (!) Of Paid Parental Leave. The Gates Foundation steps up and takes its own advice.
You Might Actually Want To Use Amazon Rival Jet.com Now. The site is axing its $50 membership fee.
EU Court Issues Landmark Data Ruling. BRUSSELS/LUXEMBOURG, Oct 6 (Reuters) - A deal that allows thousands of companies to transfer data from Europe to the United
VW Warns Staff Of Impending 'Massive Cutbacks'. \I will be very open
One CEO's Quote Sums Up Resilience Of Flood-Drenched South Carolina. \It's a sunny day here. It's the first time I've seen sun in many days.\
Big Business Holding $2.1 Trillion In Profits Offshore To Avoid Paying Taxes, Study Finds. Some of the biggest offenders? Apple, GE and Microsoft.
Starbucks Aims To Use Only Cage-Free Eggs By 2020. We like this announcement a latte.
ATM Fees Have Never Been Higher. Abandon all hope, ye who debit!
American Apparel Files For Bankruptcy. The company's stores will continue to operate during restructuring.
How Jack Dorsey Can Keep His Chill While Running Two Companies. These mindfulness tips apply as much to people working minimum-wage jobs as they do to a chief executive.
How To Find Work You Love. Lessons from four years of learning about joyful, meaningful work.
This Fan-Created Video Will Make You Wish You Had The Money For A Tesla. It's all so magical!
Elon Musk Knows His Life Makes The Average Mortal's Head Spin. \It certainly does end up being a lot. I wake up and I'm like, where am I?\
Global Economy Increasingly Vulnerable To Another Financial Shock. Seven years after the outbreak of the global financial crisis, there are growing indications that the temporary solutions that were imposed through monetary policy by central banks are becoming ineffective. In all likelihood, a new global downturn in economic growth is in the cards.
Bigger Logos Make You Look Smaller. It seems that the less people really know about marketing the more they think they know. While this is true of many other subjects too, it is particularly true of marketing.
The Most Dangerous Cities In America. Over 400 violent crimes per 100,000 residents were reported in the United States in 2010. The rate has fallen every year
Job Growth Slows In Last Two Months, Unemployment Still 5.1 Percent. (Updates with labor market figures) * Nonfarm payrolls increase 142,000 in September * Unemployment rate steady at 5.1 percent
This Is Humanity's Most Important Year Ever. \We can no longer operate at this scale and act as planetary stewards.\
If You Want To Save The Planet, Watch This Video. The next 20 minutes could change your life
Sandwich Chain Jimmy John\u2019s Plans October IPO. The deal will value the company around $2 billion, people who have seen the deal documents say.
Is The President Of Planned Parenthood Underpaid?. The answer is almost certainly yes -- but that's not the point.
Volkswagen Cars Aren't The Only Ones Releasing More Pollutants Than They Should. Diesel cars made by Renault, Nissan, Hyundai, Citroen, Fiat and Volvo among others emitted far more NOx in more rigorous tests, research shows.
10 Cities Where You Don\u2019t Want to Get Sick. About 440,000 people die in the United States each year as a result of a preventable hospital error. Despite the precautions
Gender Equality Won't Just Change Women's Lives -- It'll Change Everyone's. \We should think of this not as a women's problem, but as a care problem.\
Despite A Hefty Fine, J&J Still Made Billions From Risperdal. So what's to stop this from happening all over again?
These 5 Companies Are Trying To Spark A Parental Leave Revolution. They have a lot of work to do.
Here's Everything We Know About The New Tesla Model X. Vroom vroom. Tesla's all-electric SUV debuts today.
Johnson & Johnson's Star Witness Makes A Stunning Admission. \That moment seemed like a big surprise to the jury.\
Audi Says 2 Million Cars Affected By Volkswagen Emissions Scandal. The cars were outfitted with software that let them cheat on U.S. emissions tests.
Germany Investigating Former Volkswagen CEO Martin Winterkorn. BERLIN, Sept 28 (Reuters) - German prosecutors launched an investigation on Monday into fraud allegations against former
Whole Foods Is Cutting 1,500 Jobs. \This is a very difficult decision,\ the company said in a statement.
Gap CEO On Why Running Beats Stress. \I get that moment when my head clears.\
Shell To Cease Costly Alaska Arctic Exploration. An exploratory well drilled to 6,800 feet found oil and gas but not in sufficient quantities.
The Age Of Surveillance At Work Is Upon Us. Thanks a lot, technology.
Big Banks Call For 'Strong' Climate Deal. Without government action, they say, private investment won't be enough.
The 1-800 Cases Come To Philly. Aside from Gorsky\u2019s deposition, Johnson & Johnson had still not had, or taken, the opportunity to offer its side of the story
Johnson & Johnson Brings In 'The Bazooka'. Johnson & Johnson was fighting back.
Public Markets Are Great Equalizers In An Age Of Inequality. Markets are some of the few remaining places where people of different economic classes still interact.
These Are America's Poorest States. The United States added 3.2 million jobs in 2014, a greater addition to the workforce than in 2013, when 2.3 million jobs
Too Big To Nail?. After the feds hand down a massive fine, J&J's stock price surges.
Ralph Nader Opens Museum Devoted To Suing Big Business. The American Museum of Tort Law will open on Sunday in Nader's hometown of Winsted, Connecticut.
Carly Fiorina Is Exceptional In This One Particular Way. She wants a high-powered job. Why don't more women share her goal?
BMW Says It Hasn't Manipulated Emissions Tests. A magazine reported that its diesel cars had high emissions levels.
10 Charts That Prove Americans Want Companies To Do Better. That's \companies,\ plural. Not just Volkswagen.
Showdown With Johnson & Johnson's Alex Gorsky. He led the controversial Risperdal sales unit. Should he have been promoted to CEO?
Fed Chair Janet Yellen OK After Receiving Medical Attention. After struggling to complete a speech, she walked off stage.
VW Sent Customers Letters In April Warning Of Emissions Glitch. In April of 2015, Volkswagen of America, Inc. (VOWG_p.DE) sent letters to California owners of diesel-powered Audis and Volkswagens
The Office Of The Future Sounds Like A Terrible Place. This isn't progress.
JustFab. In January of last year, Adam Goldenberg reached one of the largest-ever deceptive advertising settlements with the Federal
Unlikely Coalition Forms To Back Renewable Energy. Starbucks, Walmart and others are setting tough new goals for themselves.
Volkswagen May Never Recover From This Mess. \If VW gets its reputation back, it will be clawing up the side of a very high mountain.\
Rock Band Won't Rock Because Hedge Fund Pill Guy Bankrolled Label. \I don't want to be attached to that person.\
The Boy With 46DD Breasts. A mother finally discovers what a prescription drug did to her son.
Turing Will Roll Back Massive Drug Price Hike After Backlash (UPDATE). CEO Martin Shkreli didn't say how much he'd cut the cost of Daraprim.
Peanut Boss Sentenced To 28 Years For Deadly Salmonella Outbreak. Stewart Parnell is the first modern U.S. food executive imprisoned for poisoning customers.
Finding the Smoking Gun. A junior personal injury lawyer stumbles on the most explosive piece of evidence yet.
Why Business Needs To Learn The Language Of Love. As Pope Francis tours the United States, we should take a step back and consider this thought.
9 Books For People Who Need Job Advice But Hate Advice Books. Enjoy!
11 Million Volkswagens Were Fitted With Software At Center Of Emissions Scandal. Carmaker plans to set aside $7.3 billion to deal with service costs.
Apple Might Release An Electric Car In 4 Years. The rumor mill keeps on churning.
This Firm Will Help Employees Pay Off Their Student Loans. With the average student loan bill totaling over $35,000, the offer looks pretty attractive.
The Feds Start Circling Johnson & Johnson. Since he had begun taking Risperdal, Austin Pledger was having fewer tantrums. The reports Benita Pledger read from her son\u2019s
Carly Fiorina Backer Once Said The Rich Should Get More Votes. \You pay a million dollars in taxes, you get a million votes,\ businessman Tom Perkins proposed.
What Jamie Dimon Gets Wrong About iPhones and Inequality. Some \luxury\ items have gotten cheaper -- but basic needs like health care and education are still expensive.
Horrified By Johnson & Johnson's Tactics, A Sales Rep Wears A Wire. For nearly a decade, Vicki Starr led a double life.
What You Should Do If You Own A Volkswagen That Was Just Recalled. Recalls can take as long as years, but many automakers offer loaner vehicles while you wait.
The Justice Department Pledge To Prosecute White-Collar Criminals Is About To Face A Major Test. A week after promising to crack down on corporate crime, the Obama administration may have gotten its chance with Volkswagen.
5 Reasons People May Not Be Following Your Leadership. There are times throughout a leader's tenure that they must look behind them and see if anyone is following. We've probably all known \leaders\ who were leaders in name only. Losing your influence often does not happen quickly but, rather, happens over a period of time.
How To Deal With These 3 Difficult Managers At Work. One of the biggest challenges for any employee is learning how to work well with a manager. A good working relationship can increase productivity and engagement. When dealing with a difficult boss, understanding personality is key to identifying the best course of action to take.
3 Proven Ways To Help You Achieve Your Goals. While many of us have aspirations we want to reach, few of us actually get to the final destination.\nThe main reason behind this is consistency. The true way to hit our goals is by working on them every damn day.
Atlantic City Casino Can Regulate Waitresses' Weight, Ruling Says. The state appeals court said the casino's personal appearance standards are allowed.
A Lot Of Managers Want to Raise The Minimum Wage, Too. A new survey finds that the people who hire minimum-wage workers support giving them a raise.
This Black Woman Is Turning The White Investing World On Its Head. Arlan Hamilton is investing in the brilliant startups traditional backers overlook.
Janet Yellen Explains How The Fed Reduces Income Inequality. In July, the Fed chair sparked controversy by suggesting the central bank couldn't address high rates of African-American unemployment.
European Telecom Altice Buys Cablevision For $17.7 Billion. The move is part of Altice's aggressive expansion in the U.S. market.
How To Make A Billion Dollar Drug. In 1961, newspapers around the world ran stories (accompanied by horrific images) of deformed babies whose mothers had taken
Why The Recovery Doesn't Feel Like A Recovery. Important parts of the economy appeared to be totally stuck in neutral last year.
5 Tech Companies With Fewer Workers Than HP Just Laid Off. Hewlett-Packard plans to lay off the equivalent of three Facebooks.
New York City To Test Cars That Can 'Talk' To Each Other. It's all part of a plan to reduce traffic deaths and reduce congestion and emissions.
The Case Against Raising Interest Rates. To raise rates now would be an unfortunate signal from the Fed that the current job market is as good as it gets.
Microsoft Slapped With Gender Discrimination Lawsuit. Former technician Katherine Moussouris was told supervisors did not like her \manner or style.\
Fred DeLuca, Co-Founder And CEO Of Subway, Dead At 67. The rags-to-riches sandwich magnate turned a small sub shop into the world's largest fast-food empire.
Despite Ongoing Controversies, Uber CEO Thinks The Company Could Take Over San Francisco Streets. Travis Kalanick wants to see a day when every car in the city is an Uber.
3 Tools To Make You Feel Better At Work. Because your office doesn't have to suck the life out of you.
Hewlett-Packard Is Laying Off Up To 33,300 Workers. This is just the latest huge culling.
UAW, FCA Still Negotiating Under 'Hour-By-Hour' Contract Extension. UAW officials could direct members to stop work at any time if talks hit an impasse.
Men Educated At Ivy League Schools Vastly Outearn Female Classmates. It has a lot to do with choice of major. Oh, and sexism.
BMW CEO Harald Krueger Collapses During Event At Frankfurt Auto Show. FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) \u2014 BMW\u00a0CEO Harald Krueger collapsed Tuesday during a news conference at the Frankfurt Auto Show and
Google's Self-Driving Car Project Just Stepped Up Its Game. It's starting to look less like Google and more like its own company.
Nintendo's Pokemon Boss To Become Company President. The video game company's previous president, Satoru Iwata, died in July.
Big Banks Settle With New York State Over Private Chat Logs. Symphony Communications Services will retain a copy of banks' chat messages for seven years.
Subway Received A 'Serious' Complaint About Jared Years Ago. The company says it regrets that the complaint was not properly handled.
How to Express Your Truth With Honesty and Respect (6.4). The secret to effectiveness is being right, right? Wrong. The secret to effectiveness is being right together.
How to Inquire Productively (6.3). Productive inquiry is a way to learn about your colleague's reasoning. It helps him express what he's thinking, but more importantly, it allows him to share why he's thinking what he's thinking, and what he would like to do about it.
How to Invite Inqiury (6.5). No matter how skillfully you express your view, if your counterpart disagrees he may oppose it immediately. This can start a conflict in which both of you harden your positions. At best, this will detract from mutual learning; at worst, it will produce a stalemate.
5 Incredible Reasons We Are Petrified of Cold Calling and Overcoming Them in 3 Simple Steps. In all fairness, if you feel you can't breathe when cold calling and your mind gets numb, you are one of us. The regular people. Folks who are normal. With that now made clear, you can take a deep breath and relax.
Coaching. Giving negative feedback to a valuable team member is one of the conversations managers most dread.
How to Really Listen in a Difficult Conversation (6.2). It is precisely when listening is most important, that you want to listen the least.
New Study Finds Recessions Mean Fewer Babies. The effects appear to linger even after the economy is back on its feet.
Stephen Colbert Presses Travis Kalanick On Uber's Practices. \Is that how we should be treating each other?\
CVS Still Sells Oreos, But Wants You To Walk More To Find Them. And, hey, maybe you'll get distracted by some healthy food along the way.
The Least Healthy City in Every State. The long debate over the Affordable Care Act (ACA) has, if nothing else, put the spotlight on the poor state of the country\u2019s
America's Next Business Leaders Can't Ignore Income Inequality. A new survey shows that it's on their minds.
Bank Accused Of Racist Lending Practices Settles Suit With New York State. The settlement includes an $825,000 fund to boost homeownership in the neglected areas.
World Bank Fails To Stop Attacks, Arrests Of Villagers Protesting Big Projects. Human rights campaigners say the bank's response borders on \complete apathy.\
Apple's Big Event Didn't Impress Wall Street. The stock was down nearly 2 percent.
A Taxi Mishap May Have Inspired Uber's Domination. CEO Travis Kalanick has bad history with taxis.
Egg Lobbyists Targeted Bloggers, Media To Fight Vegan Startup. A government-controlled industry group targeted popular food bloggers, major publications and a celebrity chef as part of
Paid Sick Leave Is Fast Becoming A Right -- Not A Privilege. \u201cCompanies are going to start offering this just because their competitors are doing it and their workers will expect it.\u201d
Why Board Leadership Fails. Where is the leadership? Is it tainted or toppled by hubris, narcissism, megalomania or some other tragic human frailty?
8 Ways Leaders Become Better. Leadership still is viewed as central to an organization's success because it is what motivates and inspires the rest of the team to be accountable and productive.
Trailblazing Women. Angela Lee is an educator and entrepreneur who inspires in both the classroom and the investment arena.  As Assistant Dean at Columbia Business School, Angela is a highly rated instructor of leadership and innovation.
Back to Cash, Back to Basics -- Buying Stocks for a Discount. It's a very choppy market and we've gone mainly to cash, but that doesn't mean we won't be agreeing to take other people's money in exchange for our promise to buy their stock if it gets 20% cheaper than it is now.
Why I Hate Labor Day. Be honest
On Labor Day. Instead of picnicking, Steelworkers in six states will spend this Labor Day picketing the gates of a dozen Allegheny Technologies Inc. (ATI) specialty mills. These 2,200 Steelworkers are not on strike. They never even took a strike vote to threaten a walkout. ATI locked them out of their jobs.
Introducing the Kosher HECM Reverse Mortgage. This article summarizes the dysfunctional features of the existing non-kosher market, and describes the major features of the kosher version.
Profit Sharing. The stand-out national problem we have today is that in recent decades, profit sharing examples in industry have declined and fallen out of media attention. Profit sharing was commonplace in the first half of the 20th century, but several decades of strong post-World War II growth persuaded many American managers that regular wage and benefit increases could effectively share the wealth with the workforces.
Women in Sales. 
5 Habits of Leaders Who Create Change. 
Tech CEO Who Quit To Be A Better Dad Just Got A New Job. He had a nice year off.
These Are The Fastest Growing Jobs In The U.S.. Some occupations are better positioned to capitalize on economic, demographic, and workplace trends than others. From 2005
U.S. Economy Adds 173,000 Jobs; Unemployment Falls To 5.1 Percent. The unemployment rate just hit a 7-year low.
This Could Be The Biggest Boost For Work-Life Balance Since \u2026. ... Well, it's been a while.
Arby's Employee Keeps Job After Refusing To Serve Police. Arby's apologized and promised free combo meals to Miami-area police.
Salesforce Wants To Give Health Care 21st-Century Customer Service. Could this be the key to making health care more like every other service?
New York Hopes Its 'Taxi Of Tomorrow' Will Compete With Uber. This is the new, official taxi cab of NYC.
The Net Worth of Each Presidential Candidate. The U.S. presidential election is by far the most expensive political race in the world, especially when compared with countries
Chipotle Sued For Misleading GMO Claims. (Reuters) - Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc's new GMO-free menu claims have lured diners and boosted the burrito chain's stock
Subway Denies Getting Tipped About Jared Fogle Years Ago. Subway sticks to its claims in a tightly worded way.
Women in Business Q&A. 
Unions Plot Major Push After Landmark Labor Ruling. Union leaders see the potential impact of the ruling as being a \game changer.\
Is the FDA Ready for Kim Kardashian and Mutant Head Lice?. Misleading pharmaceutical marketing can be far more insidious than Kim Kardashian's recent social media flub with Diclegis, and it is with these more serious transgressions that the FDA must keep a careful eye.
Subway Franchisee Says She Told Company About Fogle's Crimes Years Ago. She says the company directed her to a global marketing exec, who didn't want to hear about it.
Twitter Is The Latest Tech Company To Half-Heartedly Commit To Diversity. The company wants to increase the number of women and minorities on its tech and leadership teams.
The Controversial New Argument For The Fed To Raise Interest Rates. Some analysts argue that low interest rates leave the central bank ill-prepared for the next recession.
It's Time For Corporate America To Stand Up To Republican Climate Deniers. Countering global warming is not just a moral imperative. It also makes good business sense.
Why Millennials Aren't Forming New Households. If the percentage of young adults who are living at home with their parents is still so high, how can the number of new households be growing?
Hidden-Camera Video Reveals Chicken McNuggets' \u2018Disturbing Secret\u2019. The graphic video has prompted McDonald's to cut ties with one of its chicken suppliers. A criminal investigation has also been launched.
Markets Close High Following Strong Economic Data. NEW YORK, Aug 27 (Reuters) - Wall Street rallied in a volatile session on Thursday, fueled by optimism after strong U.S. economic
Why Big Corporations Like Gap And eBay Are Mobilizing Against Climate Change. They're calling climate change \one of America\u2019s greatest economic opportunities of the 21st century.\
Walmart Quits Selling AR-15s And Military-Style Rifles. Walmart says it will stop selling AR-15s and other sporting rifles, a spokesman confirmed to The Huffington Post on Wednesday
U.S. Stocks Soar To Have Best Day Since 2011. Dow surges more than 600 points, biggest daily point gain since 2008; S&P 500 rises 3.9%, biggest rally since 2011.
Why Even Women At The Very Top Can't Get Equal Pay. The downsides of not being in the old boys' club.
Gap To End On-Call Scheduling For Workers. The changes will make it easier for employees to plan their lives outside of work.
Why You Can't Count On A Raise Anymore. Pay increases hit a new record, but there's a huge catch, a new study shows.
Walmart's Plan To Stop Selling AR-15s Has A Major Flaw. If history is any indication, sales are going to skyrocket soon.
U.S. Stocks Rebound, Then Drop At Close. NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 The latest on the global financial market turmoil (all times local)
Coca-Cola's Latest Environmental Victory Is More Complicated Than It Seems. The company is replenishing the water it used to make ... water.
Chipotle Plans To Hire 4,000 Workers On A Single Day In September. As the economy improves, a good burrito maker is increasingly hard to find.
Dow Closes Down 588 Points Amid Worries Of China Slowdown. U.S.\u00a0stocks\u00a0slumped again Monday, with the Dow Jones industrial average plunging more than 1,000 points at one point in a
Subway Denies Knowing About Fired Pitchman Jared Fogle's Sex Crimes. The company says it has no record of \an alleged complaint.\
Trump and Amazon. The crescendo of complex, interconnected social, political, economic, financial, and ecological crises now upon us may be the direct result of our hyper-competitive, \winners and losers\ driven narrative.
Markets Tumble On Fears Of Global Economic Slowdown. The steep selloff that pushed down the benchmark Standard & Poor's 500 index five percent over three days may say more about the outlook for emerging markets than U.S. companies.
Uniqlo Jumps On The Happy Worker Bandwagon. The company is testing out four-day workweeks in Japan.
These Roads Could Recharge Your Electric Car As You Drive. The high-tech highways just might change the game for EV road trips.
Woman Gets Several Job Offers After Handing Out Resumes On The Side Of The Road. \I hope I'm inspiring other people to not just sit down and take what's coming to you, but actually go after what you want.\
Divorce Lawyers Brace For 'Tsunami' After Ashley Madison Hack. \u201cThe attorneys are unavailable because there are so many people calling right now.\u201d
Startup Insider. Today, we're featuring Tina Cheng from Cherubic Ventures. Tina had worked in Silicon Valley tech giants Yahoo and CISCO before deciding to return to her home country Taiwan to become an entrepreneur.
Inside Amazon. SEATTLE \u2014 On Monday mornings, fresh recruits line up for an orientation intended to catapult them into Amazon\u2019s singular
Basic Premise of Social Integration. Easy for us, as advisors/\thought leaders\/speakers, to say I guess... so in my eyes the true value add opportunity here is working with companies to enable this to happen sooner rather than later.
The Next 11 States to Legalize Marijuana. Marijuana prohibition is entering its 78th year. Colorado\u2019s marijuana law went into effect at the beginning of last year
The 10 Hardest States To Find Full-Time Work. The U.S. labor market has improved considerably since the depths of the recession in 2009. However, traditional measures
This Woman Will Watch Your Dogs In A Cool Trailer While You Go Shopping. We expect this idea to get extremely pup-ular.
Ceiling Collapses During Concert In Minneapolis. MINNEAPOLIS (AP) \u2014 The ceiling of a landmark Minneapolis concert venue partially collapsed during a show late Wednesday
Intel Now Hiring Way More Women And You Can, Too!. Dear tech companies, you can do this.
Pinterest Now Analyzing Pay For Discrimination Against Women. Big companies have been doing this for years, and now startups are too.
How Digital Tipping Could Make Us More Generous Customers. Or just develop a guilt complex.
Why Companies Should Respond When Twitter Rage Spikes. Clamming up could make things worse.
Google's New 'Low Key' CEO Is So On Trend. Sundar Pichai's humility is the new hotness in the C-suite.
Uber Is Serving New York\u2019s Outer Boroughs More Than Taxis Are. The recent debate between Uber and New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio over whether the ride-for-hire company was exacerbating
Lawmakers Hope To Woo Self-Driving Car Industry. Whether it is fuel savings, safer commutes or freed-up time behind the wheel, motorists have many reasons to embrace self
Boston Just Hired An Executive To Combat Stress In Poor Neighborhoods. She's taking a hard look at racism.
Jack Dorsey Bought A Bunch Of Twitter Shares, And It's Working Out Great. The interim CEO purchased 31,000 shares Monday.
Berkshire Hathaway To Buy Precision Castparts For $37.2 Billion. By Sagarika Jaisinghani and Sweta Singh Aug 10 (Reuters) - Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc said it would buy aerospace
Another Sign That Momentum Is Building On Paid Parental Leave In The U.S.. Adobe is the latest company to improve parental benefits.
Hail Smashes Passenger Jet's Windshield, Forces Emergency Landing. \This was the scariest 10 minutes of my life.\
Uber Admits Mistake In Accepting Sex Assault Suspect. The admission adds to a growing list of woes for the company.
Extending Your Social Media Reach. In this digital age, marketing is progressing with leaps and bounds. The advent of social networks has further opened up new avenues for marketers to promote their products and increase their reach. Probably, one of the best social networks for advertising right now is Facebook.
Steady Job Growth Is Still Not Boosting Workers' Pay, New Numbers Show. Wages barely budged in July's jobs report -- but the Fed still seems poised to raise interest rates.
Jack Dorsey Could Pull An Elon Musk. He could be the full-time CEO of two companies.
Tesla's Robot-Snake Will Charge Your Car And Give You Nightmares. \Does seem kinda wrong :)\
U.S. Adds 215,000 Jobs In July; Unemployment Rate Lingers At 5.3%. Not bad.
WeWork Will Pay NYC Cleaners $15 An Hour, Stop Using Contractors. The people who cleaned the company\u2019s shared New York City office spaces, home to dozens of small and startup businesses, were
Microsoft Just Upgraded Its Parental Leave Policy. It's now offering 12 paid weeks off for new moms and dads.
Payday Lender Blocked Access To Customer Accounts, Lawsuit Claims. Borrowers were unable to see how much they still owed, the suit says.
Not All Netflix Workers Will Get 'Unlimited' Parental Leave. DVD workers will be left out, the company confirms.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk. Tesla's Musk has claimed demand for the new energy storage systems has been overwhelming.
The Economic Recovery Is Super-Sizing Houses. Square footage is growing faster now than it did during the housing boom, but the culture of the McMansion may be changing.
These Internal Documents Prove Uber Is A Money Loser. Uber, Silicon Valley\u2019s prized amoral unicorn, is presumed to be a financial titan and a sure-thing IPO in the near future
Square's Latest Move Is, Sadly, Rare For A Tech Startup. The company just named a second woman to its board.
Payday Lender Sued For Allegedly Threatening Consumers. Consumer agency goes after NDG Enterprise for illegal practices.
The Man Who Changed Coffee Forever Has Died. He helped America switch from the percolator to the automatic drip coffeemaker.
Intel Makes Huge Push To Hire More Women And Minorities. And it's offering big bonus checks to employees who help.
Donald Trump Empire Sought Visas For At Least 1,100 Foreign Workers. While touting his hardline on immigration on the campaign trail for the GOP presidential nomination, Trump's companies have been recruiting foreign workers.
These Are The Companies With The Worst Customer Service. Every company in the United States claims to care more about its customers than the competition does. Yet polls show that
New York City Considers Divesting From Walmart Over Gun Sales. \Our public money must not be invested in companies that fundamentally undermine our public safety.\
IBM Watson Is Helping CVS Fight Chronic Diseases. Treating patients with diabetes, hypertension or obesity may get easier.
These Are The World\u2019s Leading Startup Cities. Challengers to Silicon Valley include New York, L.A., Boston, Tel Aviv, and London.
How To Design Cities With Fewer Traffic Fatalities. Reduce urban sprawl, for one thing.
Indiegogo Sets Sights On \u2018Holy Grail\u2019 Of Crowdfunding. The site is hoping to take things to the next level.
Jack Dorsey Still Won't Say If He'll Be Twitter's Permanent CEO. He says he's focused on simplifying the service.
Fiat Chrysler To Be Hit With Record $105 Million Fine Over Safety Recalls. Millions of vehicles from the automaker are to be recalled.
Please STOP Saying These Ridiculous Phrases At Work. 
A Life-Changing, True Story Reveals the Secret to Success. 
Federal Reserve Accidentally Leaks Secret Documents. Another dent in the Fed's reputation for keeping secrets, secret.
The Tontine. The tontine is an investment scheme where each of a group of participants pays a specified sum into a fund and receives a pro rata share of the income generated by the fund, but when a participant dies their share is divided among those remaining. As the number of participants dwindles, those remaining receive increasingly large distributions.
MEGA-MERGER. NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 Anthem is buying rival Cigna for $48 billion in a deal that would create the nation's largest health insurer
The One Piece Of Job Advice You Need To Hear Again And Again. Ask for what you want.
Peeing Is Not A Crime. Don't waste money policing public urinators\u2014invest in public restrooms instead
Why San Francisco Voters Need To Reject A Housing Moratorium. Refusing to build new housing won\u2019t save the Mission. It\u2019s a strategy that has already failed the city
Uber, New York City Reach Tentative Truce. On the heels of a days-long publicity war, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio has tabled his plan to limit the number of
It Looks Like Uber's Winning Its War With New York. Grab the popcorn.
Regulator Warns Banks They Can't Use New Chat System To Hide Information. Better security could also make it easier for banks to hide information.
Dread Performance Reviews? This Company's Getting Rid Of Them. Company joins the ranks of several other big-name firms that have similarly overhauled employee review systems in recent years.
FCC Gives Stamp Of Approval For AT&T And DirecTV Merger. The $48.5 billion deal would create the country's largest provider of cable or satellite TV.
At Zappos, Pushing Shoes and a Vision. On a sizzling June morning in Las Vegas, 10 Zappos.com employees sat in an air-conditioned conference room decorated with
'Unicorns' May Be Rare, But Here\u2019s What\u2019s Really Unusual In Tech. There are only two women CEOs out of 84 major startups. That's apparently progress.
Donald Trump's Arrogance Is Outdated In Corporate America. Humility is the new hotness in the C-suite.
Beloved Toll Collector Says He Was Fired For Paying Someone's Toll. Vladislav \Sam\ Samsonov had been collecting tolls at the Gasparilla Island Bridge in Boca Grande for nearly three decades.
This Fake Town Exists Solely To Test Driverless Cars. Self-driving vehicles now have a neighborhood all their own -- where researchers can study them in new ways.
Humanizing Hiring. What if computers did your hiring? Think of the cost savings! Ridiculous? Or is that where we're headed if we forget about humanizing hiring?
The Art of Storytelling - 7 Lessons From Cartoonist Liza Donnelly. Liza Donnelly is a cartoonist and writer with The New Yorker Magazine, where she has been drawing cartoons about culture and politics for over thirty years.
3 Amazing Strategies To Becoming Highly Successful. Becoming a highly successful person is not a reactive series of events. There is a purposeful strategy. There is a broader vision or a dream that you must be obsessed with and work towards every day.
Uber Eligible For Lawsuits By Cab Companies, Judge Rules. Cab companies claim Uber was lying in ads touting its safety.
Google Gains $65 Billion In Biggest One-Day Rally In History. Shares hit a record high after the tech behemoth trumpeted gains for Youtube.
Ben Bernanke Criticizes Europe Over Greek Debt Crisis. The former central banker speaks out against austerity.
The Brutality of Reality. A startup is about daring market and technology positioning followed by exquisite execution. Since even a bat can position itself, the part of the game one can control becomes all about the execution. Founders agree that design is the key to successful execution, and they proclaim that design contributed more than 70 percent to their success.
Trailblazing Women. Lorrana Scarpioni is the CEO and co-founder of Bliive, the world's largest network of time exchange.
Crude Oil Train Derails In Montana. An oil train derailed Thursday in rural northeastern Montana, prompting the evacuation of some homes and leaving at least two of the cars leaking crude.
10 Cities Where Incomes Are Growing (And Shrinking) The Fastest. Personal incomes grew by 0.8% across the nation in 2013. While some metropolitan areas were among the largest contributors
This Woman Created A Resume For Airbnb And It Went Viral. She highlighted a huge market that the company could tap into.
Uber Fined $7 Million For Hiding Information. Uber refused to turn over info to California regulators, and now has to pay the price.
5 Cars Derail After Trains Collide In Virginia. Authorities say a freight train was struck from behind by a second train traveling in the same direction in Virginia, causing one locomotive and five empty cars to derail.
Chicago Set To Have Highest Sales Tax Of Any Major U.S. City. \This is not how one rebounds from a three-year recession.\
Why Uber Is An Easy Target For Politicians. Uber, which has run into regulatory roadblocks in numerous U.S. cities, has emerged as a polarizing symbol of the sharing economy.
The White Castle Story. White Castle may have survived in the fast food industry for nearly 100 years, but the nation\u2019s original burger chain was never even supposed to be.
Iran Deal Clears Way For More Cheap Gas. That's bittersweet.
More Immigration Means Higher Wages For All Workers. As diversity increases, both at the city and the workplace level, so does productivity.
Nintendo President Satoru Iwata Dead At 55. Nintendo president Satoru Iwata has\u00a0died of bile duct cancer, the video game company\u00a0said in a statement issued on Monday
8 Ways Startups Spend Resources Without Adding Value. Every entrepreneur I know is short on resources, including time, money, and skills. The last thing they can afford is to waste any of these, but in my mentoring and coaching activities, I see it happening all too often.
IBM Systems CMO. Doug Brown, is Chief Marketing Officer for the IBM Systems Group, part of IBM Systems and Technology, which generates annual revenue of $20 billion.
7 Questions to Ask Yourself Before Deciding to Retire. Few Americans save enough for retirement. Whether due to financial issues or a lack of foresight, a lot of people either don't give much thought to retirement or are unable to save up enough to help them fund their elder years.
Tesla Hired A Burberry Exec To Rev Up Its Luxury Appeal. As if the $70,000 price tag wasn't enough.
Disney Removes Confederate Flag From Walt Disney World's Epcot Theme Park. Disney has removed a version of the Confederate flag from the Epcot theme park\u00a0at Walt Disney World in Florida, according
Germany's Economy Is Doing Just Fine Amid This Whole Greek Crisis. At least with Germany's credit rating, alles ist gut.
How A Little Tech Glitch Took Down The NYSE For 3.5 Hours. And you thought the latest iPhone update was a hassle.
Gender Diversity on Boards. 
Can you Turn Your Website into a Business-Building \App?\. Every company has a website, right? It's almost as common as having a phone number these days. It's the Yellow Pages ad of the 21st century. However, most of these sites are just words and pictures on a page - a glorified brochure.
Fiduciary Rule. There's a powerful agenda behind the opposition to the rule proposed by the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL) requiring that advisors to retirement plans be fiduciaries
8 Reasons Your Success Is Inevitable. When you commit to a dream, your life is forced to change. Your growth forces the egg you're in to crack. You've outgrown it. You're ready to fly.
Eat Smart, Sleep Well, Be Successful. As entrepreneurs, we need energy to pursue opportunities every day. But when you burn the candle at both ends, as many entrepreneurs do, you run the risk of burning out -- both physically and mentally.
What George Washington Can Teach Washington in 2016. With the 2016 Election season underway, the swirl of candidates and campaigns is drawing us into a discussion. Behind the talking points and slogans, what's on display is not just leaders or leadership styles, but underlying worldviews.
3 Financial Realities New Grads Have to Face. Go to college, study hard, get good grades, land a job, and rake in the money. Sounds pretty simple, right? Not so fast.
There's Always Money for the Boss. CEOs contended their corporations are too poor to pay overtime, but on their next quarterly call with shareholders, they'll brag about record profits. In 2013, corporate profits were at their highest level in 85 years. That same year, employee compensation was at its lowest level in 65 years.
5 Simple Home Office Changes, to Reduce Business Expenses. Running a business costs money, it's a clear and indisputable reality of being a business owner. As a mom, I am always looking for great ways to save money at home, from ways to save on food, household supplies, clothing, and so much more, it only makes sense that I would apply the same strategies to my business.
Inside The Tank. Investing five minutes into reading this [pst may end up being your equivalent to investing in Apple in 1980. I recently sat down with Kevin O'Leary, the entrepreneur, investor, journalist, author, and financial commentator best known as Mr. Wonderful.
The Irony Would Be Overwhelming. By now everyone who has regularly paid attention to what might optimistically be called the \American labor movement\ is aware that the Supreme Court now holds in its hands the power to ruinously damage U.S. public sector unions.  Indeed, it holds in its hands the power to eviscerate them, destroy them.
Dodd-Frank. On July 21, 2010, President Obama signed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (hereafter, DF), the most sweeping financial regulatory reform in the United States since the 1930s. Let's have a look at the most noteworthy accomplishments and the biggest failings so far.
Content Marketing Guide From the Best Content Director Awardee. Today, let's talk a bit more as to where content marketing is headed, what sort of background a content marketer should have to be able to better understand how it works and some tips to move forward.
How Freelancers Can Save Thousands on Their Student Loans. All freelancers are looking for ways to save money. Instead of picking up more jobs or working extended weeks to pocket some cash, there may be a simple solution that can help you save each month.
10 Startup Practices That Usually Lead to Disaster. Duffy emphasizes the often overlooked personal side of entrepreneurship, including balancing finances, relationships and your health. I am paraphrasing here, based on his book, ten of the top failures we both see in the early stages of entrepreneurship.
The Promising Future of Real Estate Crowdfunding. The American public's trust in big banks is nearing all-time lows. An increasing number of investors are tired of receiving zero to negligible\u00a0net returns from their local banks. As a result, a higher percentage of investors are seeking new avenues for efficient and transparent investing.
Will It Matter? The Pope, the Environment and Six Tips. The Pope's call to action on climate change has generated much press coverage and applause from environmental supporters across the political and economic spectrums. I too am grateful that the leader of 1.2 billion faithful chose to make such a strong argument for action.
Business Networking. Some places are more likely to be a ground for opportunities than others. Big cities have more workplaces and more networking events going on than smaller towns. Golf courses might have more business people than your local caf\u00e9, and so on.
INSURANCE MEGA-MERGER. 
Why Organizations Use Freelancers. As on-demand labor starts to increase, organizations of all shapes and sizes \u2500 especially large organizations \u2500 are going to have to think differently about the way they service, compete and innovate when thinking about the future of work.
10 Behaviors That Could Launch Your Career. You're going to be successful at some things and you'll fail at others. One of the best things you can do through it all is to own it. People will respect you for that. Why? Because you're willing to show them that you'll own it through both the good and the bad.
(VIDEO) Addressable TV Advertising is Here, Finally, says AT&T's AdWorks Dunsche. 
(VIDEO) Publicis' L\u00e9vy Says, In Future, 'Ideas Will Be King'. 
(VIDEO) Havas Embraces Wave of Big Marketer Media Reviews. 
Startup Insider. 500 Startups Mobile Collective Fund Partner Edith Yeung explained 'MO-AARRR', the mobile framework she uses when evaluating mobile app startups, at the Echelon Asia Summit 2015 held last June 23 and 24.
What's Happening at Zappos May Be All About the School Bus Test. Over the past few weeks, there's been much written about Zappos' recent adoption of Holacracy--with most observers questioning the wisdom of CEO Tony Hsieh's bold move to transform the innovative retailer into a bossless company.
Internet Reminds Donald Trump His Signature Collection Is Made In Mexico. Not much gets past the Internet.\u00a0 Donald Trump is currently embroiled in a steaming pot of controversy after making derogatory
When the Sheep Are Watching Over Your Mind. Sheeping is mindlessly following the others when you actually know the right actions and behaviors but don't want to assume responsibility for them.
In Business, Don't Be Afraid to Shake It Up. The bottom line is that the old adage \If it ain't broke, don't fix it\ has no place in business today. There are many factors that come into play in order to ensure a successful business venture
The Road Between Employment and Entrepreneurship. You're in your budding days as an entrepreneur. You wake up and stare at the blank slate of a day that lies before you. When you think about all that you have to do, the blank slate becomes a tangle of items that you don't know how to prioritize.
The Founding Fathers Were (Mostly) All Entrepreneurs. There are some inspiring tales of self-made men within their midst. So as we celebrate the 239th anniversary of the adoption of the Declaration of Independence on July 4, here's a breakdown of some of their stories.
How Do Industry Experts Evaluate Credit Card Rewards?. If you've ever searched for a specific credit card online, you've most likely come across dozens of reviews and breakdowns. The more you delve into the topic, you can begin to see certain consistent trends emerge among the way analysts examine credit cards.
My 2015 Brand Hero. They are doing almost everything right and studying them offers more lessons in how to launch a stellar brand than shelves of marketing theory and brand guides.
The Exquisite Sound of the Moment. I was reminded, while working with a client in her home office recently, why I feel honored to do this work.  During the second day I provide an extended time to actually work without interruption in completing next actions.
Have You Got the Disease to Please?. I remember how powerful it was when Dr. Lois Frankel came and presented to the Sydney Business Chicks community. Her workshop was jam-packed with tips and advice. I'd love to share some of Dr. Frankel's ideas with you.
Hiring Guru. Jeffrey DeLage is Chief Operating Officer of Nationwide Debt Direct. They start the process of caring for consumers with the hiring process.
How to Beat Burn Out. Burn-out is completely normal--but that doesn't make it pleasant. We all experience burn-out at some point.
Old Habits Die Hard... A Creative Way to Unplug. I have a confession to make. As hard as I have tried to unplug, the last thing I do before I go to sleep is check my phone. The first thing I do when I wake up is -- you guessed it -- check my phone.
You Don't Need Rose-Colored Glasses. I used to look at people like that with a mixture of admiration and annoyance. Then one day I asked myself, what are they doing that is different?
Hiring Guru. 
AT&T Customers Take to Twitter to Express Anger About Company Throttling Their Data. Earlier this month, the Federal Communications Commission hit AT&T with a $100 million fine, accusing the company of throttling speeds for customers who thought they had unlimited data plans.
3 Strategies to Help on Your B2B Marketing. In some ways, business to business marketing, or B2B marketing, is very similar to selling direct to customers. In other ways, it's incredibly different.
Living Local. Look to any local high street at the moment and you will see an economy on the rise. After years of high street collapses, financial crises and economic downfalls, local businesses are finally on the up and it's all thanks to one thing in particular.
The 50 Best Quotes From The 2015 Cannes Lions Festival. In a follow up to last year's post, here is a fresh selection of quotes to close out the 2015 festival of creativity. I'm sure I missed other brilliant sound bites, so feel free to add to the list below. These are my personal selections, not those of Ogilvy.
Is Your Marketing Old School? What About Your Customers?. Marketing can be one of those disciplines when tactics and strategies vary greatly based on the industry your business is in. Some businesses prefer traditional media, direct mail and face-to-face personal selling.
Building Better Connections With Our Kids. How many times have we allowed the demands of our businesses to shut out the needs of our families? Do that enough and we're left lacking meaningful connections and relationships with the most important people in our lives.
15 Best Fourth of July Freebies, Discounts and Deals. No Fourth of July celebration would be complete without the following
Greece. Banks in Greece will not open their doors Monday morning. Greece has been moving towards this dramatic final act ever since it was allowed to enter the Eurozone with cooked fiscal accounts in January 2001 -- two years after the euro was launched.
This Is How You Should Answer Questions About Your Current Salary When Interviewing. You may assume that a recruiter is just looking to match the minimum needed to get you in the door. While that might happen at sub-par companies, that should not happen at companies with fair, principled compensation.
Snoop Dogg for CEO of Twitter. 
3 Ways Leaders Can Master the Law of Reciprocity. As a leader, you must harness this incredible power. Not only will giving enrich the lives of those around you, but you'll also be rewarded with a sense of fulfillment, charisma and high-performing employees.
8 Ways Entrepreneurs Can Lead With New Work Models. As an entrepreneur, you need to be aware that the notions of work are changing just as fast as the technology for products. It's an opportunity for innovation that cannot be ignored as a success and competitor differentiator.
Another Big Company Steps Up To Improve Maternity Leave. Primary caretakers who work at Nestle will get 14 weeks of paid leave.
Wise Leaders Focus on the Greater Good. These leaders are attuned to the suffering of the powerless, and seek to repair that damage by treating or attempting to cure diseases that plague the poor, enhancing the viability of local communities or fighting poverty. And the impacts of their work will matter far into the future.
IPO for All or How to Create Your Own Currency. Okay, let me state upfront that I am completely biased when it comes to running a compelling business
The Ultimate Guide To Finding A Mentor. Steve Jobs had very limited furniture in his first home. Yet he hung a portrait of the great scientist. Albert Einstein. He studied Albert through and through.
The Need for More Leaders and Less Bosses. Do you work for a boss or with a leader? Are you a boss or a leader? This is an extremely important question where the answer is probably indicative of the climate in which you work and the success (or lack thereof) of change initiatives.
Lord Mayor Alan Yarrow - Conference on Inclusive Capitalism 2015. To be perceived as \responsible,\ a business must be authentic and have values that influence everything it does -- from how it treats employees and uses natural resources to how it operates within the community and down their supply chain.
A Practical Guide to Planning and Executing the Right ERP Implementation. Choosing an ERP solution for your business will take time. To avoid ending up with an inadequate system that just won't stand up to what you need, be sure to involve stakeholders in the decision-making process.
The Beginner's Guide to Invoicing + Infographic. It can hurt your business, if the money is coming in late, or not coming in at all. The last thing that a business owner wants is for her bills to pile up, while the money floats in slowly or not at all, it is frustrating and can be detrimental to the business.
3 Important Secrets HR Won't Tell You. I'm sure you've heard of the Miranda Warning. Television crime dramas like Law and Order have told us
5 Ways to Make Your Meetings More Positive. Once you have the right people in the room, it appears the secret to an effective meeting may lie in creating the right mood. Yes you heard me; it's all about the mood.
Why Onboarding New Funding Is Like Onboarding New People. Onboarding is a crucible of leadership. Done right, it accelerates progress. Done wrong, there's pain for all involved. This is true for onboarding new people and for onboarding new rounds of funding.
Even the Pope Is Talking Climate, So Where Are American Businesses?. Business sees its role as making money, not advocacy. But that is a false fear. Solving climate change isn't all that controversial anymore, and fixing the problem is directly tied to future corporate profits.
Charles Lee, Co-Founder of Genee, Talks About His Biggest Letdown. The journey to becoming a successful entrepreneur is never clear. In all honesty, the journey is more of an expedition, where failure, not success is the only guarantee. You must approach entrepreneurship with a few basic assumptions.
Given Uber's Past Troubles, This Should Come As No Surprise. Uber is pulling out all the stops.
3 Secret Weapons for Handling Internal Conflicts. To foster a good and harmonious work environment that champions collaboration and is free of discord, here are three important things that will improve the way all your team members react to conflicts.
Management's Lack of Trust. About 20 years ago, our union began giving free Thanksgiving turkeys to its members. Even though neither the Local nor the Fortune 500 company we worked for had ever done such a thing before, I and another executive board member decided the time had come to make history.
Home Storage Gold IRA - Is it Against IRS Regulations?. As the global financial situation continues to deteriorate - a slowdown in China, loan default by Greece, disarray in the European Union, and weak energy prices - people are becoming increasingly concerned about how they will protect their money in the event of another financial meltdown.
The Most Important Part of Networking!. I'm always so surprised when I meet someone, we have a great connection, they tell me they'll be in touch, and then wham -- nothing. It surprises me because the hardest part of networking is actually starting. It's the getting to the event, or organizing the get together.
From Hunter to Hunted. What if instead of constantly calling on prospects to drum up business, you got prospects to come right to you? Even better, what if they already understood and liked your product or service so well by the time they arrived that they were essentially ready to buy?
The Startup's Guide to Stand Out When Pitching to Investors. Make no mistake -- pitching your startup to investors is tough. You may think your company is the next big thing, but so do a lot of other founders. And just like you, they're keen to get their hands on venture capital.
Maybe \Billionnaire\ Should Mean Helping 1 Billion People Instead Of Making $1 Billion. 
What You Don't Know About Overnight Success. I've been fighting this thing for 32 years. \Overnight\ success doesn't happen overnight for most people. The media delivers this bad news and perpetuates lies making you believe that you are a failure because you didn't see the same results from your efforts.
eBay Bans Confederate Flags. The website called it a \symbol of divisiveness and racism.\
I'll Have My Beer For-Profit, Please. I was in northeast Portland over the weekend and decided to stop in at a brewery that Yelp users said not only had good beer but \it's a nonprofit too!\ I assumed they just misinterpreted the brewpub's joke about its inadequate revenue. But no.
5 Conversion Rate Platforms for Generating Leads. Where do you go from launching a business website, to acquiring potential customers? It would clearly be a more popular choice to start an online business if the task was as easy as that.
City Of Charleston Steps Up To Help Victims' Families In A Big Way. And donations are pouring in from local businesses.
Verizon Now Officially Owns AOL. \u201cAOL and Verizon\u2019s combined assets create an ability for us to blaze a new trail in a newly mobile and connected world.\u201d
Why It's Time to Turn the Workplace Inside Out. In Pixar's newest movie Inside Out we're brought into the mind of an 11-year-old girl, Riley, to meet the five characters depicting her emotions
4 Signs You're a Wannabe Business Owner. 
Interview With Amanda Barbara of Pubslush, Crowdfunding for Authors. 
iBridges. iBridges, a non-profit organization incubated at the University of California, Berkeley, and powered by leading Iranian-American technology entrepreneurs, investors, and academicians, reached another milestone this month.
How to Beat the Competition. When possible, before going to events, learn about who will be in attendance. This way, you can determine if it even makes sense to register. Depending on the size of the event, one competitor shouldn't make a difference.
The TPP, Drug Patents, and President Clinton. There are many serious issues raised by the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), but the one that may have the greatest long-term impact is its provisions on drug patents. The explicit purpose is to make patent protection stronger and longer. While these provisions are likely to lead to higher drug prices in the United States, they will have their greatest impact in the developing world. In most developing countries, drugs are far cheaper than in the United States. This is especially the case in India. The country has a world-class generic industry that produces high-quality drugs that typically sell for a small fraction of the price in the United States. The U.S. drug industry desperately wants to eliminate this sort of price gap, which can exceed a ratio of one hundred to one. This should have everyone very worried.
Waking Up to the Dollar Signs in Dads. This is an image of a \male parking station\ in a mall in Turkey. A group of men recline on the sofa in various states of tedium while (presumably) their female partners are off merrily flexing their credit cards.
How to Punish Bank Felons. When real people plead guilty to felonies, they go to jail. But big banks aren't people despite what the five Republican appointees to the Supreme Court say.
10 Recommendations for Entrepreneurs Who Hate Norms. I suspect that there are really a lot of \grown-up closet freaks\ out there who could be great entrepreneurs. We should really be enticing them to overcome their fears of thinking differently.
The Best Career Advice Our Dads Ever Gave Us. 
CEO Who Led Indiana Boycott Supports Confederate Flag Removal. 
7 Hacks for the Ultimate Sales Meeting. There are a few easy ways to improve a typical sales meeting. By following these simple rules that I've found work well over the years, you can help ensure the success of your business meetings -- both the ones you hold with your staff and the ones where you make the actual sales.
Your Customers Ignore Your Emails -- How Will You Communicate With Them?. Your customers are inundated with messages every day from friends and family, work colleagues, and a slew of marketers trying to cut through the clutter. Bank notifications, news updates, and fitness tracking also land on the mobile phone.
The Pre-Crisis HELOC Chickens Are Coming Home to Roost. Your loans were made at the height of the housing bubble, and looked like a great deal at the time. By using a HELOC as a \piggyback\ second mortgage, you were not required to make a down payment or to purchase mortgage insurance.
Tyler, The Creator, Is A Huge Fan Of Tesla CEO Elon Musk. BFFs in the making.
What Do Goldman Sachs and the St. Louis Cardinals Have in Common With Your Business?. It's too late for Goldman Sachs and the Cardinals get ahead of their brand and reputation issues but it's not too late to your organization to take control of your brand and reputation by crossing the bridge to strategic integration.
10 Tools For The Female Entrepreneur on a Budget. Being resourceful in business will allow the female entrepreneur on a budget to thrive despite the financial limitations. With an abundance of tools on the market that allow businesses to be able to run on a budget, money does not have to be the reason that you refuse to chase your dreams.
We're Sorry to See You Go. I'm a big fan of the Irish goodbye. You know, where you slip out the back door before anyone knows you're gone? It's easy, efficient, painless and saves you from long goodbyes and agonizing \don't go's.\
The Road To Success Is Boring. And That's Ok.. For a long time I was only \half in\ my business. I had a good idea. It was sort of working. But life kept getting in the way. I always had a reason why today wasn't a good day to get really focused and productive.
Talent Analytics. A day does not pass without my receiving multiple emails announcing webinars, publications, and workshops focused on talent analytics. Talent analytics has become an important area in both consulting firms and corporations.
Reverse Mortgages. This month, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) published the article A closer look at reverse mortgage advertisements and consumer risks, which examines its study of advertisements for this product to older homeowners.
Eastern Wisdom Is Changing Western Corporate Practices (or, at Least It Should Be). From an employer standpoint, having employees ever at the ready sounds like an ideal situation; problems can get resolved with the \send\ of a text or email.
Why the Best Marketers MUST Embrace Social. Instead of looking at social advocacy from a \win-win\ standpoint, brands would be much better served to adopt \learn-learn,\ as their social philosophy.
Empowering Women Requires Collaborative Solutions. Women are powerful participants in the economy, whether they are consumers, workers or entrepreneurs. The more we empower them, the more we boost communities, economies and countries. Yet the current landscape for women who want to participate in the economy is not exactly empowering.
Ellen Pao Must Pay Kleiner Perkins $276,000 For Lawsuit, Judge Rules. 
What Game of Thrones Can Teach Us About Spa Retail Training. Changing the way your therapists deliver customer service at your spa through training is no easy task. Game of Thrones shows us that the road to success may be rife with drama but in the end for your customers, brand and team, it will be worth the journey.
In the Face of Fear, Organizational Leaders Need to Create Armies of Yes Men (and Women)!. The message that employees should hear and pass along is \yes.\  Yes, we want to hear from you.  Yes, your opinion matters. Yes, you are valued. This message should be repeated throughout the organization, not only to employees, but customers as well.
Disrupt Yourself First. Here are the Top 10 Game Changing Tech Trends that I think deserve special mention. Every business must embrace mobility as a new business model. Mobile transactions, content, offerings, business processes, customer engagement and security will create a more agile mobile enterprise.
Tax Tips for Dads. Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there! Whether you are crawling on the floor with your new baby or walking into the real world with your college graduate, here are a few pointers on how to save some money come tax time.
Big Banks' Mortgage Units -- Still Failing Customers -- Face New Restrictions. 
Is Google at Risk of Being Remembered for the Worst Innovation Record in History?. In its relentless hunt for innovation, Google is a voracious acquirer of innovative companies. In the two years prior to 2014, it outspent its five closest rivals combined on acquisitions. Here, too, it has failed in dramatic ways.
Breaking the Glass Ceiling in the C-Suite. Women make up the majority of college graduates in the US and many other developed countries, accounting for more than 40 percent of the workforce worldwide. Despite these numbers, they comprise only a small fraction of c-suite executives and high-level managerial positions.
2 Simple Strategies for Avoiding Entrepreneurial Burnout. Owning a business is both a demanding task and taxing endeavor. It doesn't matter if you're a one-person show or a C-Suite executive
Questions That Need Answers. Investors should understand that some in the financial media are little more than shills for the securities industry. They dispense advice that will benefit their advertisers, at your expense. Don't be fooled.
9 Tips to Kick Your Business' Summer Marketing Campaign Up a Notch. Summer is an excellent time to get out and about and promote your business. The sun is shining, people are enjoying themselves and everyone is more receptive to marketing campaigns. You'd be a fool to miss out at this time of year so here are nine tips to help get you started.
8 Recruitment Myths Preventing You From Finding the Best. Employees are just as important to a business as the products and services being sold. This is why it's so vital to carry out effective recruitment tactics.
Mondelez. It has been over three years since Kraft spilt into two companies. The grocery group retained the Kraft brand identity -- calling itself Kraft Foods Group and kept the stock symbol KRFT. The snack foods group held a company contest to create a new name.
How Muesli Queen Carolyn Creswell Changed My Life Forever. I still remember sitting right at the back of the Palladium at Crown Casino in Melbourne, Australia for the ICMI Women in Leadership Event hosted by Ann Peacock earlier this year.
How to Celebrate Your Employees and Boost Your Bottom Line. #WorkHuman. Two of my favorite words, work and human, had been joined at the hip, pulling me into its orb, inviting me to see what unexplored online world lay behind the ad.
Lyft Starter, the MagBelt and What I Learned in My First Week on KickStarter. Last fall in Denver, Kyle, a friend of mine from college named grabbed a Lyft ride. Kyle, looked down at the app on his phone, his driver was a guy named Devin. Like most Lyft rides, the driver/passenger relationship is similar to the airplane friend experience.
My Father's Red Bat Lessons of Life, Death, Business and Living Well. I keep my father's bat to remind me of two of my father's most important lessons -- one good, one bad and I'm not sure he intended to teach either one. He certainly wasn't conscious of it if he did.  It doesn't matter, though, I learned them just the same.
School May Be Out, But Summer Is Prime Time For Teaching Kids And Teens About Money. 
The Job Market. There's a common belief that people who don't have jobs somehow just aren't trying hard enough, and this belief is therefore based on the idea that there are enough jobs for everyone. To get a job, all one really needs to do is just go get one. But what's it really like out there?
Young & Entrepreneurial. Glints, a career discovery platform, has gotten a lot of buzz in the last few months because of its three young and entrepreneurial founders Oswald Yeo, Ying Cong Seah and Looi Qin En.
3 Do-It-Yourself Investing Pitfalls. While the dangers of trying to do your own electrical work are more evident, do-it-yourself (DIY) investing also carries risks for those who aren't careful.
The Reality of Taxing Carried Interest. Candidate Clinton and other advocates will claim taxing carried interest improves the economy. Unfortunately, it won't. A key principle of taxation is efficiency. Taxing capital differently across sectors and business forms means that taxes are driving business decisions.
The Power of Doing Something Meaningful with Vivek Sharma, CEO of Movable Ink. The world is peppered with insanely large problems. And while many try to address those problems with conventional remedies, the entrepreneur will reframe the problem.
The TPP and the Future of the U.S. Economy. There is absolutely no doubt that this country faces serious issues of income inequality. But killing a trade deal when it offers at least the hope of a better future for the American economy is not the way to fix those pressing problems.
Rosemary Farina - Creating a Signature for Success. Isn't it true that often times the best things come in small packages?  So it is true with empires too.  I recently had the opportunity to meet with a powerhouse entrepreneur who has built a massive employment staffing empire by keeping it small.
How to Deal With People Who Change Their Colors. Don't worry too much about whether people are opportunistic or not. It matters, but not as much as you think. What really matters is to know that only way you can open new possibilities for you is if you keep growing.
Why Our Trade Deal Disasters March On. America at a trade meeting is like some backwoods buyer walking onto a used car lot full of smarmy salesmen with his checkbook out while loudly shouting, \I'm not leaving here without a car!\
Social Impact Investing. As technology, human mobility, skills gap, resource scarcity and social issues transform the direction of global business, we cannot continue CSR as a \do good\ quotient; we must now pursue and invest in impactful education as untapped possibilities.
Addressing Domestic Poverty In Test City, U.S.A.. \If it works here, it'll work everywhere.\ And that includes putting entrepreneurship in every classroom starting here in Test City, U.S.A. Our hope is to generate more entrepreneurs who will break out of the cycle of poverty and then work to use those resources to help their communities.
Sustainable Seafood Businesses Take On Tuna. Tuna is critical to island economies, where it's an important source of protein and income for locals. And while the health of some tuna stocks has improved, long-term sustainability remains a challenge.
Reflections on Mandatory Counseling. I have written many articles on regulatory prohibitions and mandatory disclosures in the mortgage market, most of it critical, but this is my first look at mandatory counseling. Except for reverse mortgages, it has not been much used until recently.
Young and Entrepreneurial. We caught up with Akshay on what he learned from his Tip'd Off journey, from the day he started it to the day it got acquired. While admittedly, it was a very hard decision for Akshay and his cofounders to sell Tip'd Off. They just couldn't let go of this opportunity of a successful exit, with their investors and employees in mind as well.
10 Common Mistakes Managers Make That Hurt Their Business. Fortunately (and unfortunately) many people that start and run a business often don't know the problems and difficulties they are likely to face. Why do I say fortunately? If they knew about all these problems, they probably would not start the business in the first place.
The Final 5 Years. Now we are about to experience another leap forward -- in the next five years almost every human will be connected by a device to the net. Only those under one may escape being connected, although many of them will no doubt be playing with their parents' devices.
The INDEX. The INDEX
Quit Working So Hard. At the end of the day, how much of that time was purely, and truly productive? I've found through my years as a small business owner, that it's not about how much time you put in (how \hard\ you work), it's about the quality of work you're producing.
Why Rupert Murdoch's Exit at Fox Is Good for Climate Change Science. Though it's likely the younger Murdoch will consult his father, who still owns the majority of the company and will continue as executive chairman, on key decisions, the patriarch's departure from day-to-day management could be good news for proponents of climate change science.
Mobile in Mind. From mobile advertising and mobile wallets to mobile sales mechanisms and reward-based mobile advertising, executives are realizing the current benefits and planning for the future opportunities mobile has in store.
5 Reasons Your E-Commerce Business Growth Is At A Standstill. When the chips are down and your business isn't moving inventory, it can be incredibly frustrating and confusing.
Hiring Guru. Ed Young is the Senior Pastor of Fellowship Church, which is headquartered in Grapevine, Texas but has rapidly expanded across Texas, to Florida, London (UK) and online.
Yogi Berra and the Greek Debt Crisis. There is still time for Greece to snatch victory from the jaws of a looming defeat. The Summer has arrived and throngs of tourists will descent upon some of the most beautiful islands in the world, providing a much needed lift to the economy.
The Dumbest Mistake That Smart People Make. It was a little past 1:00 a.m, and I sat alone at the dining room table. If only I had listened to my tired body and gone to sleep, I might have saved a friendship and a business partnership.
How Managers Can Hire Employees More Effectively. 
My Challenge to Warren Buffett. Buffett said, \A rich person should leave his kids enough to do anything but not enough to do nothing.\ Many of our clients and prospective clients reference this famous quote.
Entrepreneurial Women. As a member of the National Women's Business Council, I've had the opportunity to engage with hundreds of female entrepreneurs. During our talks, I couldn't help but happen upon an interesting, yet frustrating discovery. 9 out of every 10 women I spoke with would rather stall their growth than ask for capital.
6 Things You Need to Know Now About Obamacare's Cadillac Tax. The tax starts in 2018, but many employers are making changes to their health care plans now to avoid the tax in the future.
The World Bank's Role In A Bloody Land War. 
5 Reasons Millennials Don't Trust Financial Planners. Some millennials who would be excellent candidates for financial planning services never take advantage because they don't understand what it entails, the benefits of hiring a financial professional or even what type of professional they need.
Costco, WTF?. The Humane Society of the United States issued a report that initially made me a bit skeptical regarding Costco and hens -- so I quizzed Paul Shapiro, VP of Farm Animal Protection at HSUS about their expose of Costco, and here is how it went.
Reframing Entrepreneurship. I've spent years as a Techstars mentor to over ten programs. I spend my days fostering invention, and I've created a national practice group representing emerging companies. I have wonderful mentors who are entrepreneurs, and I live, breathe, and write about startups, execution, legacy and impact.
Employers Value National Service As a Leap Year, Not a Year Off. Employers of National Service is a new federal initiative that connects AmeriCorps and Peace Corps alumni with employers from the private, public and nonprofit sectors.
3 Simple Steps to Take Back Control of Your Business Day. Debbie owned a $12 million/year marketing firm that worked with fortune 500 clients. She had so much opportunity to grow, but because she was totally overwhelmed he left each day feeling drained and disempowered to continue to scale.
How Car Companies Are Combatting Texting While Driving. Texting behind the wheel can be deadly, but experts think people probably won't stop doing it on their own. So car companies are stepping up to help.
What the Big Airplane Decision Reveals About Your Job. There's a moment on every airplane when you make a decision. It's not a life changing decision, but it's a decision nonetheless. It's the moment when you decide -- Am I going to speak to the person next to me? Or am I going to ignore them?
What You Need to Know Before Hiring a Digital Marketing Company. Marketing utilizing inbound strategies, such as those utilized by digital marketing, has some amazing advantages and there's tons of studies to back it up. Not only can investing in digital marketing create more leads for your business, it can help you scale at a much faster rate by allowing you to automate many of the strategies.
Self-Validation. The Unexpected Quality All Effective Leaders Share. Ask people what they feel is the most important leadership quality and you'll get as many answers as you've asked people. There's so many relevant traits to leadership that it's near impossible to list them.
Are Careers Dead?. 
If Great Workplace Cultures Outperform the Pack Why Aren't More Companies Switching?. It's no secret that when employees can take their whole selves to work, performance exceeds far beyond companies relying on the 'tell-sell' and if that doesn't work, then 'yell' approach.
The Cheesecake Factory Phenomenon. There's something funny about The Cheesecake Factory. It seems no matter what time you go and no matter which location you visit, there's a wait to get in.
Hacking the WIN-Win-Win Business Model. The model is simple - you serve the needs of your core customers for free or almost for free. The core customer's activity creates a side-effect that can be harnessed to create value for another set of customers that are willing to pay.
The Secret to Successful Innovation. To create an innovative culture and climate, managers need to make sure that all employees know that innovation is a job requirement. It should be woven into the fabric of the business and given a prominent place in job descriptions, procedures and performance evaluations.
Trailblazing Women. Ms. Owades is a serial entrepreneur, CEO and Corporate Director. Two of the companies she founded are subjects of Harvard Business School case studies which are taught around the world.\nBusiness Week hailed Ms. Owades as a \Best Entrepreneur,\ honoring her for \changing the way we buy flowers.\
6 Office Gadgets You Might Be Missing. Most office furniture is as uncomfortable as sitting on a rock. If you're going to spend so much time in the office, wouldn't you want your work environment to be more comfortable?
Will TPP Kill the Post Office?. Will TPP enable the privatizers to declare things like our beloved U.S. Postal Service, schools and roads to be \commercial activity\ that competes with private companies? How about our parks, libraries, public pensions and other public services?
The Blueprint of Business Strategy Is the Business Model. Osterwalder's mission is to help companies innovate with the best tools using sound business models and value propositions. In order to better understand his vision and mission, I asked Osterwalder to provide a high-level overview of business model innovation.
Don't Overlook the Baby Boomers!. With the Boomer audience in particular, our guiding principle needs to be \Make NO Assumptions!\  Even if you are a Boomer, genuine relationship-based marketing requires that you make no assumptions.
The Harvard IKB School of Engineering. The good people of Dusseldorf, Germany, and specifically the IKB Bank, which specializes in loans to small and medium-size businesses, has kindly endowed Harvard University's engineering school with a gift of $400m.  Strangely, though, the Harvard Engineering School was renamed after hedge-fund manager John A. Paulson, not IKB, and thereby hangs a tale.
The Six Things the Most Productive People Do Every Day. I admit I stole this title. Part of being productive is to piggyback on the shoulders of greatness. So I decided to write down what six things I do every day that help me with productivity. They make work for you. Or not. They work for me although I always need to improve.
4 Technology Trends for Small Business. While simple tools such as spreadsheets may have been enough to get your business rolling in the beginning, it fails in manipulating information that allows small businesses to see the \big picture.\ Implementing a proper BI tool can help small businesses analyze high volumes of data across multiple sources, and more easily identify how they're all connected.
How To Find Main Street Investors For Gender Diverse Companies. 
Northeast Ohio and the San Francisco Bay Area Have More in Common than NBA MVPs and Championship Games. Whether it is on the basketball court or in the venture capital industry's efforts to advance the progress and impact of tech-based entrepreneurs, leaders from Silicon Valley and Cleveland have much to learn from each other.
Mike McDerment, CEO of FreshBooks, Talks About Almost Giving Up. So why do you build a product? Do you do it for money? Fame? Bragging rights? In the case of Mike McDerment, CEO of FreshBooks, you do it because you see there is a problem with the current convention.
Leaders in Transition. Adam was anxious about a pivotal strategic decision. \Why does my gut tell me that I should go in the opposite direction of what my most trusted Board member advises? This adviser has been a mega-successful, serial entrepreneur and insists on this direction.
What Murphy Showed Me on Memorial Day that Every Producer Should Know. Like with anything, there's good and bad. Not all firms do a great job at inspiring and setting their producers up for success. Does yours?
3 Steps To Take Before Buying a Used Car. When you're buying a used vehicle, you're taking a chance buying somebody's problems. But having said that, cars are made so much better today than they were a generation ago. Here are three things to do before you purchase a used vehicle.
3 Reasons Saying 'Good Job!' Isn't Good Enough to Motivate Your Team. When someone tells you \good job\, what can you actually do with that? Sure, it's nice to hear, but don't you want to know more information? For instance, what exactly was good? What should you continue doing? What might you need to do differently next time?
10 Father's Day Gifts for the Business Owner. Let's be honest -- his business is basically is baby, a younger sibling for you!
12 Ways to Be Richer a Year From Now. Without even knowing you I'd be willing to bet that the New Year's resolutions you made at the beginning of the year didn't materialize. There's no point agonizing over that -- it's what happens to most people.
Women in the Workplace. We can talk about the business case, strategies and talent initiatives and even tying compensation to gender goals, but without a personal connection men will never feel the true need to be committed.
How Clean Energy Works for Colorado. Smart clean energy policies like Colorado's percent renewable energy portfolio standard and the now-expired federal production tax credit for wind have created tens of thousands of jobs, attracted billions in new investment and generated serious economic growth in the state.
Half Of All American Families Are Staring At Financial Catastrophe. 
America's Competition Fetish Kills Creativity and Produces Human Sheep. In the view of Margaret Heffernan, author of A Bigger Prize
5 Money-Saving Strategies for Your Business. I'm fortunate
Why Cruel Leaders Get All the Love. Cruel leaders inspire hatred, not love, precisely because they are completely focused on themselves and use others to get what they want. They take what could be a great opportunity to inspire others to be great, and they squander it by being ruthless.
Find Grace in the Moment. Ten years ago, I had an 'aha' that helped me become happier, and more effective at work. It happened when I was in Chicago to run a seminar. From the moment I came up on stage, I could tell that the attendees didn't want to be there.
So You Want to Be an Entrepreneur? 4 Reasons to Think Twice. While the idea of working for yourself is hotter than ever, the story of the entrepreneurial whiz kid who drops out of college and hits it big is largely a myth.
How to Pitch Investors Without Looking Like a Clueless, Lazy, Know-It-All. For the past 8 years, I have been advising entrepreneurs on their growth and funding strategy. I've seen the worst and I've seen the best.
The Jenga World of Hiring. The incentives to act quickly are there, but is hiring a replacement to fulfill that vacant position really the right move? It's hard to see what you need when you're in recovery mode.
Slow Down to Go Fast. Regardless of how fast your company is today, the marketplace expects and rewards being faster and more nimble. Current success proves that correct choices were made yesterday.
An Evening With Peter Thiel. One of our greatest concerns today is how technology will alter our lives in the decades to come. Part of the Science & Democracy lecture series at Harvard, Peter Thiel, co-founder of Paypal and Palantir, offered new ways to propel the masses forward during this revolution of information technology.
A Tribute to David Goldberg. David Goldberg was a power connector in the best sense of the word. Not just because he moved in some very powerful circles. It's not everybody who has Bono sing at their memorial service, or the top CEOs of all of Silicon Valley drop everything to attend.
New Era Challenges to Growth. Challenges to growth are nothing new. But these challenges are now changing with shifts in culture.
The Under-appreciated Benefits of Creative Consistency. Consistency doesn't count for everything, but it sure counts for a whole lot. With the many land mines out there, ready to derail even the most talented of people, \showing up\ regularly offers undeniable benefits.
Why You Should Be Using LinkedIn More Like Facebook. Here's what you need to know to look smarter and more hirable.
'Why Did You Have to Wait Until I Resigned to Let Me Know You Appreciated Me?'. A manager in one of my leadership workshops recounted the sad story of how one of her team members reacted to the heartfelt speech she had made recognizing his contributions on his last day with the company. Unfortunately, this scenario of \too little to late\ is far from uncommon.
3 Simple Ways to Improve Your Relationship With Money. Money, just the mention of it can stir strong emotions. Whether we have little or a lot, we all have a connection to its use and acquisition. There are people who brazenly grab and grasp for all they can and others who vilify its unequal distribution.
Women in Business Q&A. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
Can Nonprofit Management Usurp Board Responsibilities?. On balance management will always have more information about the organization than volunteer board members. As a result, directors must be proactive in seeking information from management and a variety of other sources, even if they must involve employees other than senior management.
GCC Business Leaders Remain Confident in the Face of Regional Challenges. The success of the economies of these countries is not only important for their own people, but for the millions of expatriates who work there, sometimes under difficult circumstances, and who annually send $50 billion to their home countries -- making this region the largest source of remittances in the world.
Women in Business Q&A. 
Indepreneur Rising. Here are some tips I've shared with hundreds of indepreneurs that have proven useful when they \step out on their own,\ and face the world with nothing behind them, other than what they're offering and their network of family, friends and associates.
Rewarding Brand Switchers at the Expense of Loyal Customers Will Ruin Your Business. Mobile service providers are doing it. Banks are doing it. Just about every company, run by people without marketing brains, is rewarding brand switchers at the expense of their loyal customers. That is what is happening under the guise of attracting new business.
How to Market Your Business While Traveling the World. I was recently on an amazing cruise with my wife in the Caribbean. During this time, I was forced to work on\u00a0cruise Wi-Fi as well as internet hotspots. I was able to live the life I wanted while traveling the world... all while marketing my company\u00a0online. It actually grew ten percent while I was gone.
Women in Business Q&A. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
5 Ways to Bring Humanity Into the Workplace. Enlightened, successful organizations understand that people are at the core of their success. Decades of experiments have proven that happy employees are better at creative problem solving, which drives engagement and financial results.
How To Move From Entrepreneur To Manager. As all great managers know, these three steps alone will not make you an effective leader, but what they will do is help you build a solid foundation on which to build a robust and profitable company.
Making a Living ... and a Loving. \This is what I do for a living and a loving,\ I said as I introduced myself as the workshop facilitator.  I paused as if a bird had stopped mid-flight to consider the miracle of its defiance of gravity.  The words had flowed without conscious thought from somewhere deep within me.
Failure. When we interpret failure as a lack of success or an inability, we're doing it wrong. Many of the world's most successful people have failed handfuls of times, and they're greater innovators for it, not the opposite.
What Small Businesses Must Know About Next-Generation Marketing. Big companies typically aren't more nimble than small ones. But there's one area in particular where the behemoths are speedier. It is in reaching the large and growing number of consumers who use digital resources
Get Your Lab Coat. Four hundred years. And scientists are still at it. Chasing odd questions. Trying things that might not work. Driven by curiosity, not short-term profit. Plenty they can teach us entrepreneurs about innovation.
5 Ways to Tell if Your Content Is Working. You've got a blog set up and you're writing furiously, posting every week to get more attention for your brand. Everything you've read tells you that content marketing is both cost-efficient and effective for building a brand reputation and getting more customers, but there's no immediate gauge to tell you whether or not your content is working the way you want it to.
5 Signs It's Finally Time to Start Your Own Business. Maybe you have a good idea. Maybe you have a handful of potential partners. Maybe you keep finding yourself daydreaming about the potential of owning your own business. Whatever the case, entrepreneurship is calling you, and you aren't sure whether you should keep plugging away in your safer, more stable lifestyle, or risk it all for a chance at something great.
The Essentials of Email Marketing for Small Business. Email marketing is the process of emailing to a database of customers or potential customers for the purpose of soliciting business, brand awareness or building loyalty and trust.
Venture Capital Investing -- Less for Your Dollars. Venture capital investing has a tendency to be boring. Unless you're a passive investor, it can give you a massive amount of work for a lot of risk with a diminished return. Of course as a passive investor, you merely just invest and sit back.
4 Digital Productivity Strategies to Boost Your Marketing Effectiveness. Time is a limited resource and getting the most out of it is a goal for most people. We all want to make the most of our time, finding more to spend with family, more time to exercise, more time to read, more time to sleep, and more time to dedicate toward our career endeavors.
Women in Business Q&A. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
Marketers are Prepping for FIFA Fallout. While the extent of the criminal charges are eye-opening, the fact FIFA has shady areas within their realm should not come as a shock. FIFA's dance partners -- marketers, media and governments -- have plenty of cause to be concerned as the storm clouds hovered for years.
What Your Social Media Picture Says About You. The first cardinal sin of profile pictures is the smirk. Why is this so bad? The smirk is the universal facial expression for contempt, hatred and disdain. So if this is in your profile you are basically telling the world you don't want people to connect with you!
Ladies From the Shark Tank. Excellent advice from two ladies continuing massive growth of their now successful business, a business we're sure to see a lot of in the years to come, and proof that anything is possible.
Mindset Hacks for Acing the Interview. Acing the interview begins with your mindset. The most successful interviewees are not passive outsiders to the process; they are active participants in creating the kind of situation most likely to serve them.
Disney's Best Ever Example of Motivating Employees. The best examples of things that motivate others over the short-term almost always involve surprise and delight. A million years ago I heard this story from Mike Vance about his boss at the time, Walt Disney.
The Age of Viral Recalls Is Just Beginning. We seem to be in the midst of an epidemic of product recalls, especially the recall of Takata airbags, which may be the biggest consumer product recall in history. But is it an epidemic? Are we really living in a minefield of killer products?
The Road Map to Scale Your Company. I was hosting my radio show, Scale Your Business, when the subject of the lifecycle of a successful business came up, and what the predictable needs were at each stage to scale it were.
Selecting the Right Executive Recruiter aka No Sales Weasels Please!. My name is Mark Wayman, and for the last eleven years I have owned an Executive Recruiting firm focused on gaming and high tech. My model - only represent executives I know personally, or executives that are referred to me through my network.
ALF Real Estate Investment - Assisted Living Facilities. The baby boomers are coming, and smart investors are checking out real estate investment opportunities. Current estimates are that 10,000 boomers are turning 65 every day.
The Emergence Of Uncorporate Culture And What That Means For 'Management'.. Just as there are now seemingly infinite education \pedagogies\, the same is happening to business. There is no longer one way to structure enterprise output. And as replicating success gives way to navigating it, what do we really need to be paying attention to as we build the most effective paths forward?
Follow Panama. Most central banks do one thing well
Venezuela. Venezuela's bolivar is collapsing. And as night follows day, Venezuela's annual implied inflation rate is soaring. Last week, the annual inflation rate broke through the 500% level. It now stands at 510%.
Why the Future of Work Is All About the Employee Experience. We have all heard of the customer experience, which is defined as the resulting product when a customer interacts with your brand. We're all familiar with both good and bad customer experiences, and we go through one or the other on a near daily basis.
Uh-Oh. 
Creating a Structured, Repeatable Process for Innovation. Established companies do not easily reinvent themselves. History shows us that Innovation is often the strategy of startups - but not only is it important in getting to the top, innovation is necessary in order to stay on top.
An Afternoon With Peter Lynch. As part of the Catholic Speakers Series at the Harvard Business School, Peter Lynch, legendary American businessman and investor, shared his insights, in a conversation moderated by Clarisse Siu, President of the HBS Catholic Student Association, on faith, life and markets.
Leo Express. Amazing new business models are rare ... even in this time of great 'disruption.' Many start-ups position themselves as disrupting because they feel they have to or die. So they reach.
Succession Planning for Business. Psychics aren't the only people asked to predict the future. When it comes to succession planning, lawyers ask their business clients to do it all the time. My discussions about succession planning often start out somewhat reminiscent of Alice's chat with the Cheshire Cat in Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland.
This CEO Will Send Your Kids To School, If You Work For His Company. Well here's an employee perk you don't see every day.
Winning the Triple Crown in Business. These lessons learned from Elliott Walden can serve as new strategies to implement, reminders to review, or even turning points for the c-suite. We're all in the business of making money, but we can't make money on our own.
The Urban Housing Crunch Costs the U.S. Economy About $1.6 Trillion a Year. 
Terry's Tips for Student Loan Repayment. As a reminder, you have  6 months after graduation to set up a loan repayment plan.  Grads, the clock starts now.  This is not the time for procrastination, which can be very costly.  Here are five tips about repaying student loans.
Did AT&T Commit Perjury? Does AT&T have 100 Percent Broadband Coverage in 21 States?. This is an open and shut case. Compare these 3 AT&T statements about broadband coverage in the company's 21-state territory.
3 Leadership Lessons From my 16-Year-Old Hipster. To him I may be a dork who doesn't know how to dress, but I am his dad and I count myself very lucky to have a 16 year old son who lets me, hug, love and teach him.
Networking Made Easy. Done right, networking can be the silver bullet for building your profile, gaining new business opportunities and building your career. But what happens when you show up to an event and just can't find ways to engage with others?
Women in Business Q&A. Ursula Morgenstern is CEO for Atos UK and Ireland and Global Executive Vice President, Cloud and Enterprise Software. Atos is an international leader in digital services with annual revenues of \u20ac10 billion and 86,000 employees in 66 countries.
Women in Business Q&A. Madison Nicole Robinson is a 17-year-old designer best known as the creator of FishFlops\u00ae, a popular line of footwear for kids and young adults. Madison was born on Galveston Island, Texas and spent many days on Galveston beaches with her family.
Memory, Karma and Desire. Every year, around this time, as the United States approaches its national day of commemoration aptly called Memorial Day. I am struck by the nature, the very essence of memory and what it really means, what it can achieve and the flip side -- the deep harm it can catalyze.
How to Build a Brand for Your Small Business. When it comes to your business, how do you figure out what your brand will be? Businesses should always know how people would recognize their business by developing a clear brand. Is it really just about your logo? No!
Women in Business Q&A. Professor Scott works with multinational companies, NGOs, and governments on programs designed to help women economically. She also curates Power Shift
4 Steps to Being an All-Star Employee. Here are a few things you can do right from the start that will help you avoid the ax and give you a firm foothold in the workplace. If you're in the position to hire, honing these attributes will also help you spot the same qualities in winners who will come work for you.
Top Factors for Improving Nonprofit Directors' Board Experiences. Spencer Stuart, an international placement firm, recently asked 500 directors who serve on for-profit boards to name the top factors that would reasonably improve their board experience.  Their answers also resonate in the nonprofit arena.
REPORT. 
How CordiaGrad Can Help You Save on Your Student Loans. 
Gerry Plaza. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
Affordable Fast Food That's Good for You? What a Concept. 
Young & Entrepreneurial. 
Hidden Costs From Our Dependence on Fossil Fuels. It is estimated that 80 to 85 percent of the energy consumed in the U.S. is from fossil fuels. One of the main reasons given for continuing to use this energy source is that it is much less expensive than alternatives. The true cost, however, depends on what you include in the calculation, and there are so many costs not figured in the bills we pay for energy.
10 Most Expensive Wars In U.S. History. 
What Are the Best Graduate School Student Loans?. Attending graduate school can often increase your long-term earning potential, but also leave you with tens of thousands in graduate school loans. The cost of going back to school, however, often intimidates candidates even before starting the application process.
Feds Find Criminal Wrongdoing In G.M.'s Failure To Disclose Defect. 
How to Build a Mobile Community. Building a mobile community is the same as building any community... engage, interact, add value and show support for the group and what is important to them.
Young and Entrepreneurial. Eileen and Fabian were the Malaysian representatives for the Global Student Entrepreneurship Awards held last April in Washington D.C. Their business Left and Right Artisan Handcraft connects people, and captures moments through the form of handmade jewelry pieces that can be bought in their physical store in Malaysia.
Women in Business Q&A. Dr. Thorp holds a PhD in pharmaceutical chemistry and a Master's degree in chemical engineering. Daria has over 20 years of experience in marketing, sales, business development and management.
Women in Business Q&A. Ms. King serves as a mentor for the Boston Product Management Association and is an executive member of the working mothers group in her town. She loves to travel and enjoys rock climbing and yoga.
Women in Business Q&A. In her early career, she was an elementary school educator and a television personality, reporting news and weather. A graduate of John Marshall University, her advanced degrees are in Education, and she attended the Harvard Business School Strategic Leadership Forum representing Finance Sector Marketing for IBM.
The 9 Most Misleading Product Claims. 
Should You Pay Off Your Student Loans With an Upstart Loan?. Now, Upstart acts more as a lender and issues personal loans that can be used by the borrower to pay off outstanding debt, help fund your education or pay of your student loans.
Reboot With Matt. By rebooting your marketing strategy with a fresh infusion of modern thinking and renewed focus on the customer's digital experience, marketers will be well positioned for the long haul.
New Orleans Restaurant Under Fire For Racist Receipt. 
Women in Business Q&A. As the General Manager (GM) of Symantec's Trust Services, Roxane Divol is responsible for the end-to-end optimization and growth of the Trust Services business. This business offers industry leading SSL certificates, code signing, and certificate management offerings.
Women in Business Q&A. Heather Gordon Friedland is Vice President of Local and Seller Experience at eBay. She is the shopkeeper responsible for building products that help individuals and businesses sell and connect with buyers in eBay's global marketplace.
Secret Obamatrade Deal. Journalist and talk show host Bankole Thompson interviewed me about the Trans-Pacific Partnership (aka Obamatrade), a trade bill being fast-tracked through the U.S. Senate. To listen to our conversation, please click on the audio player here.
Failing My Way to Success in Brazil. In order to succeed in foreign countries a startup needs to know the language and the culture of the country they operate in or they're doomed to failure. This week I'm going to tell you how I failed my way to success in Brazil.
Why Outsource Your Website Content Writing?. If you cannot properly express your expertise in writing, no one will know how good you are at your job.  And the fact is, whether it is fair or accurate or not, people tend to judge overall intelligence by writing ability.
How to Build a 6-Figure Business While Traveling Around the World. It's not everyday you meet someone with the luxury of running a multiple 6-figure online business, while being able to explore the world at the same time. This is why I'm excited to be sharing this interview with Natalie Sisson, who is a best-selling author of The Suitcase Entrepreneur -- a title that she calls herself.
Sharene Wood. Sharene Wood is a pioneer in couture urban fashion. If Jacob the Jeweler is the first stop for hip hop artists to show their arrival, then 5001 FLAVORS is the shop for a custom wardrobe MTV red carpet worthy. I recently sat down with Sharene talk about how she balances it all.
Remember the Old Days When Bad Guys Robbed Banks?. It used to be that bad guys, called bank robbers, robbed banks. Now the banks are robbing us. Authorities just fined five of the world's largest global banks $5.7 billion for rigging benchmark interest rates. This brings the tally of fines assessed seven top banks in Europe and the US to roughly $10 billion.
Amazon's Same-Day Delivery Service Taking Hits From Unreliable Third Party Couriers and Other, Faster Options. The largest online delivery site having a system in place so archaic it makes it impossible for its human representatives to choose a different third-party vendor if something goes wrong, is a bit mystifying.
Viva la Verification! Addressing Online Ad Fraud. Online ad fraud is costing millions. Every year advertising pounds are wasted because of fraudulent traffic, and if the industry continues on its current course this amount is only set to grow.
Sub-Prime Student Loans. After the sub-prime mortgage crisis, it was necessary to find a villain. For the left, it was greedy bankers foisting inappropriate loans on unsophisticated and inexperienced borrowers.
Here's What 'Breastaurants' Really Think Of Their Customers. 
Annuities, Experts and My Losing 90 Pounds. I was in a coffee shop, having breakfast with my daughter, Angela Luhys, on a week when my weight loss had reached the 90 pound mark since November. While sharing this great milestone with Angela, the guy in the booth behind me was trying to sell an annuity.
The Power of Building Winners Instead of Trying to Win. No baseball player bats 1.000. No salesman closes every sale. No forecaster gets it right every time. The best coaches know that if they inspire and enable others to do their absolute best together, they will win far more than they lose over time.
7 Ways To Prevent Work Burnout. The last time I spoke to Emily she was on the verge of tears -- she's tired and overwhelmed. If you can relate, try these tricks to fight off burnout at the office.
Transformational Planning. I know what you are thinking
3 Important Financial Lessons For Recent College Grads. 
Outdoor Workspace. If you could take a vacation to anywhere in the world, where would you go? This is how Kirt Martin, VP of Design and Marketing for Landscape Forms, starts every conversation. Not surprisingly, nearly everyone answers somewhere outdoors.
Organizational Debt Is Like Technical Debt - But Worse. While technical debt is an understood problem, it turns out startups also accrue another kind of debt -- one that can kill the company even quicker -- organizational debt. Organizational debt is all the people/culture compromises made to \just get it done\ in the early stages of a startup.
How Wells Fargo Student Loan Consolidation Measures Up in the Refinancing Market. With the student loan refinancing market expanding, there are many lenders willing to refinance and consolidate your student loans. Lenders come in all sizes, from big banks to newly emerged peer-to-peer lenders. Wells Fargo is the most notable of big banks that will consolidate your student loans. Here is a deeper look into a consolidation with Wells Fargo.
Stop Playing the Gender Card. We can take a page from the men's playbook and embrace being more masculine instead of complaining about how it's not fair. If men can \woman\ up in the house in growing numbers, then women can certainly \man\ up in the workplace at a faster pace. We would love to see women win this race to the finish line that is true \balance.\
Designing a Business, Concept and Ad Campaign in 5 Days. Pressure does different things to different people -- for some, it helps them to focus and perform, while others simply fall apart.
Ten Ideas to Save the Economy #4. When the Wall Street bubble burst in 2008 because of excessive risk-taking, millions of working Americans lost their jobs, health insurance, savings, and homes. But The Street is back to many of its old tricks. And its lobbyists are busily rolling back the Dodd-Frank Act, intended to prevent another crash.
The Sudden Implosion of \Secret\ May Reveal A Secret. If you look at the Secret timeline, it's demise started last August, 2014. This inverted hockey stick trajectory came just days after it raised $25m in July. An investor's nightmare, no doubt.
The End of Economics. Why was the economics profession caught unaware by the financial crisis of 2008?  Why did their models fail to predict a recession that very nearly became a worldwide depression?
The Real Hospital Experience Doesn't Come With a Mint on Your Pillow, But Should It?. At the heart of the patient-centered care movement is dignity and respect -- for a patient to feel heard, safe, and informed. We can't do it with pillow mints alone.
7 Fatal Marketing Mistakes That Can Destroy Your Campaign. Marketing is an essential part of doing business. Unless you increase your brand's visibility and raise customer awareness, you'll never gain enough momentum to build a recurring stream of revenue. But in order to be successful in marketing, you need to yield a positive ROI, and all too often these seven fatal mistakes get in the way
Mind Your Own Business -- The Jeffrey Hayzlett Way. Jeffrey Hayzlett is the host of Executive Perspectives and the C-Suite with Jeffrey Hayzlett on C-Suite TV where he uncovers the secrets that entrepreneurs and C-Suite executives use to build their own empires.
5 Ways to Be a Better Listener. We check our phones many, many times per day, whether it be to look at the time or a text message. Keep your attention fully on the person you're talking to by resisting the urge to check your phone.
Innocent Stockholders and Consumers Expected to Pay Fines for Felonies Committed by Corporate Officers. That should have been the headline rather than
Why Emotional Intelligence Affects the Bottom Line. There are five parts of communication -- what's said, what's not said, words, tone of voice, and body language. Active listening is the process of fully attending to all parts of someone's communication.
Entrepreneurs. One of the struggles of running a business is the need to make decisions around your time. I made a bad decision the other day -- although I don't know how it could have turned out differently.
Women in Business. A German national, Doris Greif was appointed Regional Vice President Europe as well as General Manager of Jumeirah Frankfurt in October 2014. Previously General Manager of Jumeirah at Etihad Towers in Abu Dhabi, Grief has extensive experience working in the hospitality sector.
Women in Business. Katie Shattuck Markov is co-founder and CEO of MoveMeFit, which aims to transform your fitness experience by optimizing workouts for you. Prior to starting MoveMeFit, Katie worked in product management at SCIenergy, an energy efficiency Software-as-a-Service solution for building systems.
Women in Business. As an Executive Creative Director at BBH, Laura Fegley has helped build a uniquely gender-balanced creative department. Laura oversees the Global Vaseline business and various brands under the Newell-Rubbermaid account, including Graco and Calphalon, as well as The Guardian in North America.
How Competent Are Nonprofit Boards In Strategic Planning?. Nonprofits board interests vary widely. Because many directors are not deeply knowledgeable about the mission field, the management and staff take responsibility for the plan's development and implementation.
Under Armour Apologizes For Poorly Planned Iwo Jima Shirt. 
Verizon-AOL Merger? Hell No!. While there are those who care about editorial issues and what will happen to Huff Po, Techcrunch and Engadget if Verizon takes over, as a telecom analyst, I have different concerns.
Managing Graduation Trepidation. It is an unfortunate coincidence that this year's graduates must experience both elation and trepidation. While they rightfully deserve to bask in their academic accomplishments and celebrate, these young men and women must also confront one of our biggest fears as they prepare to interview for jobs or graduate school.
Women in Business. As senior vice president of customer experience, Catherine Courage is responsible for championing exceptional design to drive innovation at Citrix. Her team is responsible for company-wide brand, advertising, social, web, product design, information experience, and business process reinvention.
Women in Business. After a short teaching career, Judy Walker worked for Windows on the World and the World Trade Center Restaurants in New York City, where she eventually was promoted to Assistant Director of Sales & Marketing.
Women in Business. Mollie Spilman is Chief Revenue Office at Criteo, which she joined in 2014, and leads all commercial operations globally. She has spent 24 years in the media business, with 16 of those years in the digital ad space.
Be a 'Don't Knower'. Today, Eileen Fisher, Inc. employs over 1,100 people, has over 60 retail stores, and will likely generate over $300 million dollars in revenue in 2015. Between then and now, despite her success, Fisher never lost her \I don't know\ approach.
Millennials Key to 'Start Up' New Economy. With the advances in technology over the past decade, the opportunity to attract and keep young talent has been more competitive than ever.
Confession. It's been over a year and a half since I joined HopeLab, and I'm still wistfully thinking about my onboarding experience. Who does that? Well, apparently I do. It's one of my idiosyncrasies, but we'll get to those in a moment.
Go East, Young Man -- Why Hong Kong is the Silicon Valley of the East. Foreign cultures can often seem impenetrable, particularly in Asia. As an American who has frequently traveled to the East, I find that not to be be true. Particularly, in Hong Kong.
Corinthian College and the Tricky Path Towards Student Loan Relief. The for-profit behemoth Corinthian Colleges is experiencing a spectacular fall. A $30 million fine by the Department of Education for falsifying placement data, numerous on-going state probes, a massive sell-off of schools and an abrupt bankruptcy filing that left some 16,000 students in the lurch.
Spending Time or Spending Money - The Secret Decoded. If there are two things that we don't have in abundance but we wish we did, they would be time and money. Naturally, if people have been using them in conjunction with each other for so long, there must be a reason why. So what is it that so intimately connects these two things?
Think Asia, Think Hong Kong - How Hong Kong Can Be A Springboard For Asia. Hong Kong may be small, but it has big ambitions to serve as a gateway to Asia, home to some of the most vibrant economies in the globe. Fortunately, Hong Kong also holds great potential
Perspective Leads to Negotiation and Happiness. Dissatisfaction, unchecked, is contagious. Like watered weeds, it grows until it overtakes a marriage, a workplace, or an organization. Perspective paves the way for gratitude, negotiation, and ultimately happiness.
All In. This workplace gender policing is hurting everyone -- men, women, children and the businesses themselves.  Across the country, men are joining with women to rise up against the backward policies, laws and stigmas that are damaging us and preventing us from achieving gender equality.
Earned Media Can Yield Big Rewards for Philanthropy. Corporate social responsibility (CSR), corporate citizenship, philanthropy, engagement, shared value - regardless of the name you use, this aspect of doing business is here to stay.   And like all core business attributes, communicating about it effectively is critical.
Are Your Meetings Collaborative... or Just Crowded? Four Factors to Consider.. We were helping our client Sandra spring clean her meeting calendar last week paying particular attention to her recurring meetings -- those time sucking (and often soul sucking) meetings that once calendared, never seem to go away.
How Boards and Management Best Create Value Together. At their core, Boards of Directors make strategic decisions and provide oversight, while Management makes recommendations and manages implementation. The best do these together, complementing and supporting the other's roles and strengths. So easy to say.
Conversational Courage. We all recognize the need for courage to start a business, play competitive sports, incur risks in investments, lead a diverse team in competitive markets, or take on an outback adventure. But do we really need courage to have a conversation?
Capitalize on the \We\ Space to Grow Your Business. SMEs are often seen as sitting in a slightly isolationist position within the general business environment.
Warren Buffett Social Media Data Offer a Business Lesson. It has been two years since billionaire Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett launched his Twitter account with, \Warren is in the house.\ In just six total tweets and with more than one million followers, the Oracle of Omaha demonstrates the importance of personal branding and traditional media relations.
How to Use VoC Insights from Employees & Customers to Improve Experiences. We are often asked what sources of VoC insights should be used to improve the company's customer experience. And often, these insights are right in front of you--from your own customers and employees.
(VIDEO) Nielsen Backs Furious Corp To Replace Excel For TV Ad Planning. 
5 Ways to be a More Positive Leader. As one CEO recently asked me
Women in Business. 
The Rise and Fall of Krugmania in the UK. It is already conventional to name the former party leaders Ed Miliband, Nick Clegg and Nigel Farage as the biggest losers of the British general election. But this is to understate the abject defeat suffered by some Keynesian economists, and in particular the Nobel prize winning former Princeton professor Paul Krugman.
Let's Talk Toilet Paper. I once worked in a Fortune 500 paper mill that manufactured toilet paper. The mill produced tons of it. Literally tons of it per day, 24/7, 360 days a year. The only \down days\ were  Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, Labor Day, the day after Labor Day, and the Fourth of July. Civilians were surprisingly curious about the operation. Here are the answers to five common questions.
The Greatest Ever Retail Stock Trader. Today I want to write about who I believe is beyond a shadow of a doubt, the greatest (ordinary) retail trader who ever lived. Now by ordinary, what I am talking about is an individual who did not go on to create an Investment Fund as a result of his initial institutional trading.
Young & Entrepreneurial. I was researching about student startup incubators when I came across Posmetrics Founder and CEO Merrill Lutsky while browsing through the list of student partners at Rough Draft Ventures, an investment fund that invests in student startups in the Boston area.
Women in Business. Passion and creativity were the driving forces that brought Stephanie Wynne Lalin and Jenny Klatt together to launch Jemma Wynne in 2008.  Guided by their uniquely sophisticated and chic sensibility, the design duo combines classic polish with relaxed femininity to create their fine jewelry collection.
Women in Business. Asha Dahya is a host and content creator. She was born in the UK, raised in Australia where she studied a BA with a double major in Film & Journalism, is Indian by ethnicity, and now resides in Los Angeles.
Women in Business. With Mother's Day in mind, here are three generations of women -- grandmother, mother, daughter --  who have all worked in radio over the last century.
A Nonprofit's Reputation Rests on the Quality of Its Directors. Reputation matters in the nonprofit world. Few nonprofit boards exist today that don't worry about how they are perceived in the communities or associations they serve. And to make sure their images remain pristine, many turn to crisis consultants and other forms of expert assistance.
Is Your Outdated Career Map Leading You Astray?. If you have been tending to your career lovingly for many years, you will be able to visit your career map in light of this new discovery, decide what on the map still resonates with you and what doesn't (even massive changes will carry some elements of your \old life\ into the new), and chart a new course.
Empowering Employees by Investing in Human Capital. Top talent -- at all levels -- remains the scarcest resource in corporate America. Over the next 10 years, we will see leaders invest far more thought and effort into developing their human capital.
Why Smart Bosses Give Bad Employees a Raise. Successful managers have the maturity to recognize that good employees may do things that look bad to others, but they may do them for important reasons. Here is why a manager might decide to give a raise to a \bad\ employee.
4 Unexpected Truths in Entrepreneurship. As National Small Business Week draws to a close, there is no time like the present to reflect on the advice I've collected, from life experiences and an incredibly supportive mentor base, in my years as the founder and president of a digital marketing agency.
Why This Live Nation Exec Quit The Business To Become A Meditation Guru. \u201cI realized there had to be something more. This emptiness and lack of fulfillment I was feeling -- there had to be something more.\u201d
Life After Exit. Without a doubt there's an abundance of entrepreneurial advice published about how to start a business, how to rapidly scale it and of course, how to exit it successfully . . . but there's almost no advice for those who've been there, done it and exited.
3 Things Call Centers Can Unlock from Uber. The call center industry has not adapted quickly enough to a profound change in consumers over the past several years. Today's consumers are spoiled by breathtakingly simple user experiences on their mobile devices.
Our Conversation on the Challenges and Possibilities of the Next 10 Years. On Monday night we celebrated HuffPost's 10-year anniversary with a party at the Gramercy Park Hotel in New York City. And since HuffPost and Goldman Sachs have partnered for nearly three years to spotlight solutions around the world, we had a conversation about what we've learned and what's in store for the next 10 years. Here is a lightly edited transcription of our conversation.
What Will Happen to American Jobs, Incomes, and Wealth a Decade From Now?. In the next 10 years, the middle class's share of the total economic pie will continue to shrink, while the share going to the very top will continue to grow. But the current trend is not preordained to last, and only the most rigid technological determinist would assume this to be our inevitable fate.
What It Takes to Become a Billionaire. You're determined. So what? You haven't been racing naked through shark-infested waters yet.
The Reconnection Agenda. Since I agree with the vast majority of what Bernstein has to say, let me pick on three areas where I have some disagreement. The first is the discussion of the initial financial crisis that Bernstein stepped into at the start of 2009 as one of Obama's advisers.
How to Use the \Door in the Face\ Technique to Get What You Want. One interesting, and counter-intuitive, way to get what you want is the Door-In-The-Face (DITF) technique. The idea is to intentionally get rejected, then retreat, and ask for something smaller.
Enormous, Humongous March Trade Deficit Creating Jobs Elsewhere. We should demand balance. Trade partners should agree to actually \trade\ with us, not just sell to us. We should also balance the interests of working people, the environment and other stakeholders with the interests of businesses in our trade negotiations.
Shell's Arctic Ambitions Held Up in Seattle. It is not at all clear that Shell will, in fact, move forward with drilling, even if it can obtain a city permit in time. It still needs to receive the necessary approvals from the U.S. Department of Interior for its drilling plans in the Chukchi Sea.
Programmatic TV. Programmatic television is the future of advertising. By purchasing TV inventory programmatically, brands can pair the full-screen sight, sound and motion experience of television with the advanced audience segmentation that has for years made online advertising so attractive.
Principles-Based Regulation and Compliance. Over the last decade, in unprecedented terms, the dramatic escalation and expansion of risk has complicated the global business environment. Both the speed of this transformation and the new categories of risk that have emerged threaten the durability of most global companies as well as their license to operate.
Gorgeous Properties for $200? WAY Out-of-the-Box, But Ingenious. Being an Out-Of-The-Box woman myself for as long as I can remember (which is a kinder, gentler, more modern way of calling someone the Black Sheep of the Family), I love it when I find people accomplishing the ordinary by extraordinary means.
What Are the Biggest Challenges Facing Start-Ups?. I can say from experience that starting a new business can be as terrifying as it is exciting. This is because, at any given time, a young company can find itself facing a number of obstacles.
Two Predictions You Can Take to the Bank. 
Want to Fight New Forms of Financial Corruption? Hire Women.. Social anthropologist Janine Wedel, author, most lately, of Unaccountable
Enough Already About The Job-Hopping Millennials. 
College Mouth. My daughter is about to graduate from college and was fortunate enough to receive a job offer from a great company. While I'm thrilled for her, I'm simultaneously terrified -- this gives me only a few short weeks to eradicate what we're calling, around my house, a bad case of College Mouth.
Vision Matters. Walt Disney knew the power of vision. He created Walt Disney World in his mind and then led others to imagine and support his idea for a revolutionary theme-park experience. This is the essence of visionary thought leadership and the heart of what it takes to create a dream in this world.
Young and Entrepreneurial. With the demand for Computer Science (CS) graduates rising, a lot of CS students have a choice, whether to work for a big and established tech company or take the plunge in a startup or build your own startup.
How to 10X and Get What You Want in Life. If you want to achieve more in your life, business, and relationships, and set a vision for your life that gets you ecstatic to wake up each morning - meet Jairek Robbins.
How to Find Your Niche and Profit From Your Passion. By focusing on what matters to you, you benefit and connect with others, who then feed that energy back to you. A virtuous cycle. THAT is how you profit from your passion.
Women in Business. 
Women in Business. 
Women in Business. 
Strategic Planning. The absence of a strategic planning process endangers a nonprofit's future growth and stability. Making that process a priority in nonprofit board operations involves selecting and training board members to appreciate its importance to the ongoing success of the organization.
Keeping the Lights on, Part 2. Dealing with these trends and issues requires forward thinking by investors, power companies, legislatures and regulators. That is difficult because we do not have a consensus national energy plan to provide reasonable certainty about which investments will pay off.
7 Ways to Build a Community Using Data-Driven Narratives. The bottom line
The NewFronts Are Essential but Schedule Is a Challenge, MediaLink's Michael Kassan (VIDEO). We spoke with Michael Kassan, CEO of the powerhouse media consultancy MediaLink, at the Monday morning kick-off event for the Digital Content NewFronts, hosted by MediaLink and sponsored by Videology.
Customer Loyalty Survey Makes a Few Surprising Connections. Basically, everyone still loves Apple, Amazon and Costco. The report also backs up the trend of people abandoning their cable television provider (many of which had ratings) in favor of online video service Netflix, which had the second highest raise in an NPS score after BlackBerry.
AOL in Alliance With NBCUniversal for Content and Distribution (VIDEO). At its NewFront event on Tuesday, AOL and NBCUniversal  announced a content development and distribution arrangement.  For an overview on the arrangement, we interviewed  Bob Lord, President of AOL Inc.
The Secret Behind a One Day Project Going Viral. 
Women in Business. Stacy Simpson is the Chief Communications Officer for SapientNitro, part of Publicis Sapient. In this capacity, she oversees global communications, strategic and brand marketing strategies for SapientNitro, as well as the global corporate communications strategy for Sapient.
Trailblazing Women. An interview with Marilyn Johnson, CEO of the International Women's Forum.
Women in Business. Dr. Lee has more than ten years of experience as a senior analyst covering Biotechnology, with expertise in fundamental research and pipeline assessments across therapeutic areas. She holds a Ph.D. in Genetics and conducted her research at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory through Stony Brook University and holds a B.A. in Molecular and Cell Biology with a double-major in Rhetoric from U.C. Berkeley.
Women in Business. Kitchens by Alexandra Knight opened their showroom in the New York Design Center in midtown Manhattan.  Head Designer, Alexi Knight, was literally born to work in the Kitchen & Bath Industry. Her parents, brother, cousin and uncle have all owned high-end, custom cabinet showrooms. Growing up in this professional environment equipped Alexi with the \tools-of-the-trade\ necessary for entering the high-fashion world of Kitchens.
Telecom Sleaze. But it is ALEC that should cease operations and everyone reading this must ask -- why is the Department of Justice (DOJ) not investigating ALEC and its corporate communications members and funders -- AT&T, Verizon, Centurylink, Comcast & Time Warner Cable?
The 3 Least Intimidating Yet Effective Ways to Resurrect Your Stale Network. Stale networks happen when people stay employed in one industry and haven't been in touch with contacts from their prior industry.
Deliver Results Creating Products and Services That Sell. 
This Elusive Thing Called Branding And Why It's So Hard To Get. Everywhere you look these days everyone's talking branding. It's in every magazine, it's everywhere you look online. It's taught in a zillion online webinars, seminars and programs, addressed in numerous boardrooms and spoken about in deep reverential tones over business luncheons and after work cocktails.
7 Ways Stand-Up Comedy Can Teach Us to Effectively Motivate Others. What motivates us?  What are the key drivers to motivating others?  There are so many that resonate -- to deliver a message, to make a difference, to make an impact, to foster change, to create something new.
Going On Vacation? Don't Pack Your Email. Some can't relax unless they know there are no fires burning at work, so they check email surreptitiously while their travel companions are planning the day's excursion. Not me, not anymore.
I'm a Year Out of My MBA and I Hate My Job... Now What?. If you're a recent MBA grad and realizing your present role isn't all it was cracked up to be, you're not alone. The good news is that you have quite a few resources to help you change course.
Stop Selling. Right Now.. Stereotypical salespeople are always selling. They're aggressive; they never take no for an answer; they are always supposed to be closing. But your best salespeople know when to stop selling.
The Best Advice For Becoming A Super-Productive Business. 
The Secret of Great Communications. If asked, most executives will say that clear, compelling communication is essential to the success of their enterprise. The reality is that this is an area where so many organizations fall short.
The Feminine Plural. Today's women have little in common with the figure of the typical housewife who dominated the 80s. Yet, marketers seem to be struggling to adapt their discourse to these changes and translate this evolution into relevant and engaging communication that really speaks to women.
Go from Great to the Ideal Job Candidate. How can I outsmart everyone else? The answer lies in being able to present a profile of yourself as a candidate who 'checks all of the boxes' off your prospective employer's candidate wish list.  So, where do you find this wish list? It's right in the job description.
What's Musk's 'Missing Piece?' Tesla Insider Shares Insights. This evening, Elon Musk announces details of Tesla's new products
B Corporations. B Corps are a new type of company that uses the power of business to solve social and environmental problems. They have passed a rigorous assessment using criteria including governance, workers, community and environment.
What Stephen Curry Can Teach Entrepreneurs. Stephen Curry, like Google and Harvard, provide great examples on the significance of a wow-factor for budding entrepreneurs. As evidenced, a wow-factor enables a start-up to gain momentum and traction.
Executive Onboarding From a Subordinate's Perspective. Everything communicates -- everything a new leader says and does and doesn't say and doesn't do. Most new leaders get that. But many miss the unintended consequences of what they do and say and don't do and don't say on people they think are not directly affected.
Should I Apply for a Credit Card?. Recent trends have shown that Americans, particularly millennials, are weary of using credit cards. The problem largely stems from the way credit cards are viewed today. They are typically perceived as a \last resort\ for consumers who can't afford to pay for their purchases.
Fighting Against the $15 Minimum Wage. New Yorkers are fighting for higher wages, with increasing intensity over the past several months. In early April, between 10,000 and 15,000 laborers and students marched on New York. The genesis of the protest seems to be from the fast food industry as well as activist students.
My Favorite Billionaires. I want to write today about the one topic that perhaps interests me above all others... billionaires. The reason that this topic interests me above all others is that I find it fascinating how these people got to where they are.
7 Deadly Sins of Social. When social media first emerged marketers raced to be the first to master the new channel. We piled on in droves looking for ways to monetize and optimize before knowing exactly what social media really was. In the years since, marketers have learned that social is really just another way to communicate with your customers and prospects.
3 Steps to Curating Corporate Training. To plan amazing training sessions that yield significant impact, you will need to understand the work your teams are doing in theory and in practice, and create an appropriate array of courses covering what is required, desired and inspired.
Rushion McDonald. Achieving success can be a lonely journey, driven by many personal sacrifices, and an unrelenting quest toward the pursuit of a dream.
The Battle Over the Trans-Pacific Partnership and Fast-Track Gets Hot. President Obama must be having trouble getting the votes for fast-track authority since the administration is now pulling out all the stops to push the deal. Obama insisted the deal is not secret, but googling \TPP\ will not get you a copy of the text.
Decoding the New Face of America. To help businesses understand and adapt to the new, emerging multicultural reality, Carlos de Le\u00f3n, CEO of dlR USA, recently shared with me his insights on this interesting yet controversial topic.
Jane Goodall Says SeaWorld 'Should Be Closed Down'. \u201cIt\u2019s not only that they\u2019re really big, highly intelligent and social animals so that the capture and confinement in itself is cruel.\
How To Keep Your Dreams And Your Day Job. As much as we'd like to be starting our own businesses, finishing our novels, selling our albums, or getting out to those casting calls, we feel chained to our chairs, shackled to our spreadsheets, drowned in our dead-end day jobs.
Why I'm a Gold Digger, and You Should Be Too. Men, women and teens are not waiting at home, in an office, or in a place of business, waiting for gold to come to them. They go out and look for it.
The Apple Watch. Since many are focusing on the elegant design and capabilities of this new product, I would not add much value to do the same. I prefer to discuss the Apple Watch as another step in Apple's game plan to turn itself into a bank.
What is Poor Customer Support Costing Your Business?. While some companies view service as nothing more than an expense, the data show that providing great experiences is just as rewarding for customers as it is for your bottom line.
Parting Is Such Sweet Sorrow. McKinsey recently extolled the virtues of their alumni network, announcing that approximately 450 ex-McKinsey consultants are CEOs of companies with more than $1 billion in annual revenues. This is an impressive statistic underscoring how companies should manage staff departures.
The Words of Dead Workers. To give voice to 35 workers killed on the job over the past 35 years at a massive refinery in Texas City, hundreds of surviving family members, co-workers and friends gathered there last month to erect white crosses marked with their names.
Arianna Joins Payoff To 'Reshape' Financial Services Industry. 
Do Nonprofit Directors Face Cyber Security Risk?. If a nonprofit, like the one described, is attacked, not only will records be compromised, but also the reputation of the agency will be destroyed, probably along with the nonprofit organization itself.
It's the Culture, Stupid. Culture follows performance and behavior, not the other way around. The difference between you and the competitor who is beating you is the discipline to make these choices more often and effectively.
Why I Regretted Hiring the 'Perfect' Employee. On paper, he looked like the ideal hire. Ivy League education. Top-notch work experience. Strong referrals. Rationally, all signs suggested I should hire him. And yet, I felt what can only be described as a \tap on the shoulder\ -- an intuitive, but impossible-to-pinpoint feeling that something was off.
Increase Sales By Being An Example Of Service. Bridget is a project manager for a tech company called Qstream. Her role is essentially to create a strategy to implement technology that has already been purchased in a way that best meets the business needs of the client. She is not in a sales role.
The SEC, CFTC and the Real-Time Risks in Today's Markets. The new revelations surrounding the Flash Crash of May 6, 2010, once again brought to light an undeniable fact
Building a Reputation in Your Industry Beyond the Brand of Your Employer. The most common question I get from my network is how to grow a reputation in an industry, while also attending to the responsibilities of a full-time job.
4 Ways Your For-Profit Business Can Do \Good\. Too many businesses are concerned with making money, and not about creating value. Moving into the new era of startups, we are discovering business models that are making not only a financial impact on our economies, but an environmental impact.
It's Not You, It's Me. I recently made the leap from the relative comfort and security of the corporate world to running my own business. Oh, the expectations I had for my new life! I knew that when I was finally running my own show, I would be free to work in a way that reflected my true values of kindness, balance and peace - values that often seemed at odds with a successful corporate career.
Starbucks Stores Give Away Free Drinks After Computers Go Down. 
Innovation in Legal Practice. This crisis of representation is not an aberration. It is a structural feature of the system of lawyer professionalism we have built, and it will not go away until we build a different way to deliver the benefits of law to people in need of them.
Flying Cars or Flying Toilets. Commenting on the state of innovativeness, Peter Thiel, founder of PayPal and legendary Silicon Valley investor, remarked, \We asked for flying cars. Instead, we got a hundred and forty characters.\ Really, Peter? Who asked for flying cars?
Are You a \Job Seeker\ or a \Market Connector\?. What's really terrific is the pressure is gone - my job right now is to be a great market connector, and my next career is unfolding as a result. Whether for me that means a portfolio of roles or a full-time assignment remains to be seen.
Women in Business. Nadia is a Multi-Media Producer turned Executive Coach who dramatically improved her own focus and relationship with food through micronutrition, and wanted to help others do the same
Women in Business. Kate has lived and breathed the therapeutic application of sound for nearly two decades.  She has managed numerous centers over the years, trained thousands of therapists on the application of listening therapy, developed guidelines and protocols for listening equipment, and in the process developed a rare level of experience in clinic management.
3 Myths of Leadership Development. This is the second part of the 3 Myths of Leadership Development series. Myth #1 - \leadership is knowledge\ considered how truly effective leadership development models go beyond knowledge transfer and focus on putting that knowledge into practice. In part 2 of the 3 part series, the myth about who should engage in leadership development is explored.
Build It Like Chi Bang. Entrepreneurs come in all shapes and sizes. This one is chiseled as finely as a Michelangelo. As well he should be, his business is bodies. He is the founder and CEO of Chi Bang Bodies, an elite fitness training company from Boston.
Startup Incubator Teaches Military Veterans in NYC. Last weekend, one of my favorite organizations, the Patriot Boot Camp, swung through the Big Apple to throw a three day shindig of startupy goodness. I popped by to check out the action.
7 Reasons Why Starting a Business Can Be Better for You Than Therapy. At the end of the day, if you wish to be successful, you have no choice but to make peace with yourself, learn a thing or two, and move on, continually growing and embracing the process.
Salesforce CEO Takes Radical Step To Pay Men And Women Equally. \My job is to make sure that women are treated 100 percent equally at Salesforce in pay, opportunity and advancement.\
Quell the Fear Factor. In taking these steps, leaders demonstrate a genuine interest in and respect for their people and their new environment. While this may not fully assuage the fears of those who worry about their new boss and her agenda, it should help put the majority of folks at ease as they settle into their new reality.
Shake it Off. You're not going to satisfy everyone, and on some occasions, the customer isn't right, but you should certainly do your darndest to try and find common ground, and head off problems at the pass, without compromising your basic business needs.
Earth Day. Sustainability is top of mind as this week we mark Earth Day and Arbor Day, tributes aimed at raising respect for the environment. That makes this the perfect moment to note a new Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC) report that says, \Brands that place packaging\ into commerce must take more responsibility for its life cycle impact.
Here's Why You Can't Attract, Develop and Retain Female Talent. Do you remember Henry Higgins? He was a character, played by the actor Rex Harrison, in a 1964 movie called \My Fair Lady.\ During the movie, Henry Higgins sings a song called, \Why Can't a Woman Be More Like a Man?\ and the last line of the song is, \Why can't a woman be more like me?\
Collective Intelligence and Bottom Line Impact. When we think about the bottom line in business, whether in the corporate arena or the entrepreneurial space, the immediate jump in processing is fiscal -- how much value do we have in terms of cold hard cash?
Women in Business. 
Women in Business. 
4 Lessons Prison Taught Me About Power and Control. It's comforting to think that we have control over our surroundings and environment, but this does not make it so. Humans can have control over our actions and influence our environment, but we are still always subject to the whims of a universe we cannot understand.
Taking Stock of BlackRock. The core problem with this obsession with stock value is that it diverts money away from long-term investments in capital expansion and research and development. The result is a steady decline of productivity which is the key determinant of our economic vigor.
How to Change Your Manager's Mind. There are always situations where you can influence a manager. Launching a new project. Brainstorming a product or service. Taking the business to the next level. But many people fail to see their power in these situations.
What I Wish I Knew When I Felt Stuck in a Toxic Workplace. True story
Do You Need a Career Sandbox?. Something I see over and over again in people who want to make a major career change is a fear of \losing it all\. They get 5, 10, 20 years into a career path, find themselves desperately wanting to try something new, but assume that if their new venture doesn't succeed they will lose everything.
Does Meerkating Count as Networking?. Have you ever thought about how the act of networking is actually quite unnatural? Think about it. A person needs to attend an event, with or without knowing other attendees, and act like it is normal to walk up to complete strangers, shake hands with them, and then begin conversing.
TheFuturein5 Ep 31. In this episode of The Future in 5, I wanted to talk to you about a really cool report that PwC put out not too long ago.
Using the Right Innovation Tool for the Right Innovation Job. 
When Is the Right Time to Outsource Your Marketing?. By making the choice to outsource some or all of the marketing your company needs, you can make sure that experienced, talented professionals are working with your business to get it the attention it deserves on social media, on the Internet, at trade shows, and much, much more.
How the New Flexible Economy Is Making Workers' Lives Hell. We need a federal law requiring employers to pay for scheduled work. Alternatively, if American workers can't get more regular and predictable hours, they at least need stronger safety nets.
I'm Buying a Wristable. Once again Apple has confounded the digibabblists, perplexed their competitors, baffled the analysts, and in general annoyed and irritated all the self-proclaimed digital-first... or is it mobile-first?... or perhaps our proclamation of the day should be wearable-first... experts, pundits and gurus.
How to Manage Your Personal Brand. Make no mistake
2,200 Walmart Employees Out Of Work Over Plumbing Problems. 
Nonprofit Boards Prepare -- The Millennial Workforce Is Coming!. Yes, the millennials are coming! The research shows that their values relate well to missions of many nonprofit organizations. To interest the best and the brightest, nonprofit workplaces, as experienced by older generations, will need to change in strange ways!
The Soul of Photography. I bought my first camera, a Soviet made Zenit-E SLR, in 1970. I still have the first roll of black and white 35mm film that I developed. The smell of developer and fixer from the countless hours I have spent in darkrooms is still imprinted in my brain. To this day I always carry a camera.
Be Like a Magpie. As you do your job, and do it well, gather everything shiny and useful and bring it back to your nest -- like a magpie. I'm not talking about stealing office supplies. I'm talking about gathering skills, learning how an industry works, and figuring out what kind of team you'll need around you when the time comes to go out on your own.
Workers Seeking Productivity In A Pill Are Abusing ADHD Drugs. 
Women in Business Q&A. Jennifer Fitchen is a partner in Sidley Austin LLP's Palo Alto office. The views expressed in this article are exclusively those of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Sidley Austin LLP and its partners.
Women in Business Q&A. Kimberly Leach Johnson presides over the firm's executive committee and is Firm Chair of Quarles & Brady. As an attorney, she has been practicing trusts & estates law for more than 30 years.
9 Ways 'Wasting Time' Can Boost Your Career. Reading blogs, watching videos on YouTube, or reading a book unrelated to your work are all things that really career-focused people sometimes see as wasting time. But actually, these activities can help us discover new things, make new connections, come up with innovative solutions, and challenge our current thinking.
The Importance of 'I' in Team. We've all heard motivational speakers tout the fact that there is no \I\ in team.  The clever wordplay suggests that for teams to be effective, they must shun individual egos in favor of advancing the mission of the team.
How to Prevent Disputes in Business Relationships?. A business entails many types of relationships, all of which are crucial to its success
Individual Character. Character development is a lifelong pursuit.  There must be a willingness to admit to mistakes, take a step back, and make a conscience decision to work toward self-improvement.
Why You Need Emotional Intelligence to Succeed. When emotional intelligence first appeared to the masses, it served as the missing link in a peculiar finding
Anxious About a Work-Related Conflict? You're Likely to Make a Bad Decision!. These findings are relevant to everyone in their career roles, but perhaps have greatest significance for those in high-impact decision making positions, whose judgment and decisions affect the organization's success.
The Future of Workplace Lighting. When done properly, the best lighting design is completely unnoticeable. Yet, when poorly done, lighting can completely compromise the design of a space.
Why Networking Should Be Your Top Priority. Networking is by far the highest return on investment for your business. Networking is not only fun, but also essential for building your brand.
An Interview With CEO Ken Dunn (Part One). Ken Dunn is an entrepreneur. Before starting Next Century Publishing, he made millions of dollars through his entrepreneurial efforts. He started Next Century to help authors avoid bad publishing experiences. In this interview, you'll get a glimpse into the life of a busy CEO.
Converting Problems Into Opportunities. Communication. A word that has so much meaning and importance, yet often is misunderstood. It's a word that can be the difference between success and failure, and a word that can lead to our own unraveling as professionals and as an organization.
Character of a Business v. a Design Entrepreneur. Entrepreneurs are the people who reinvent and revigorate our society in large and small ways and we know them by their actions. However, how do entrepreneurs with a business or a design background differ from one another and what are their personal traits?
Women in Business Q&A. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
Congress Is Facing Its Last Call to Stand Up for Fair Trade. When we have complicated trade agreements that could put thousands of U.S. workers on the unemployment line and hamper this nation's economy, shouldn't our elected officials have a chance to review and make changes to them? After all, lawmakers have certainly spent significant time considering more frivolous matters in recent years.
The Art and Science of Team Optimization. The world needs three types of leaders
Are You Missing Something Vital from Your Growth Hacking Strategy?. While growth hacking is attracting a tremendous amount of attention today, it is frequently misunderstood. Often associated with the acquisition of users through viral means, \going viral\ is really only one aspect of a comprehensive growth hacking strategy.
Why Smaller Teams Are Better Than Larger Ones. This is going to be a two-part post. In this first part, I want to share research that I have come across around why smaller teams are better than larger ones.
Happy Workers, Happy Meals. If McDonald's can no longer differentiate itself on price or quality, it needs a bold strategy -- or it will go out of business. McDonald's smart move will be to compete on profits -- not by cutting prices, but by raising wages.
CEO Slashes $1 Million Salary To Give Lowest-Paid Workers A Raise. 
Four Forces Facing the Global Economy. Behind the numbers lies an unusually complex set of forces shaping the world economy.  Some, such as the decline in the price of oil and the evolution of exchange rates, are highly visible.  Some, from crisis legacies to lower potential growth, play more of behind-the-scenes role but are important nevertheless.  Let me briefly review them.
Eight Percent Tax Free With a Government Guarantee. Puerto Rico, though it is not a state, has the privilege of issuing municipal bonds. Interest on those bonds is free from U.S. taxes. Typical municipal bonds pay 3 percent returns these days. But Puerto Rico's municipal bonds pay 8 percent or more.
Women in Business Q&A. 
From the Other Side; an Honest Review from Employees. Whether we wake up in the mornings loving what we do or not, it is important to remember the people we come in contact with during our day-to-day activities are trying to make a living for themselves and their families as well.
TheFuturein5 Episode 30. In this episode of the Future in 5, I talk about why Uber is not really in the transportation business. I'm a very frequent Uber user. Every time I go to a conference or speak at an event -- which is fairly often -- I take the UberBlack car.
Women in Business Q&A. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
How You Can Master Social Selling to Get in Front of Any Customer. If you run a small-business or a small marketing team you can't market like McDonalds or probably even your largest competitor. So why bother trying?
What to Do When You Are Growing Your Core Fast, But Not Fast Enough. With over 350M subscribers and growing fast, it would be hard to question LinkedIn's growth. When you compare this number to any of the LinkedIn's traditional competitors, they are doing just fine.
Find Your Next Great Hire... at Community College?. Contrary to the lingering popular myth, vocational education is anything but a dead end -- particularly in a world where rapid technological changes demand the continual acquisition of new skills.
The High Cost of Fighting for $15. Raises would, of course, cost these billion-dollar corporations something. More costly, though, is the price paid by minimum-wage workers who have not received a raise in six years.  Even more dear is what these workers have paid for their campaign to get raises. Managers have harassed, threatened and fired them.
Here's What Companies Need To Do To Get Wellness Programs Right. 
Krugman Takes On 2016. 
When Doing Well While Doing Good Could Be Bad For You. Inclusive business, or business that pursues opportunities in traditionally unattractive market segments, ought to be a strategic imperative for corporations and investors.
Consumers Turning To Tabletop Options In Backlash Against Video Games. Hasbro Inc, maker of old standbys like Monopoly and  Risk, says that revenue for its line of games increased 10  percent between 2012 and 2013, and would have grown 7 percent in  2014 if not for unfavorable foreign currency conversions.
God Can Help Companies Turn Customers Into Daredevils. 
Adrien Barthel. \Don't only look at big companies. They might have big numbers, but you'll have more fun, will learn more and grow faster in startups.\
Why This Major Venture Capital Firm Has No Female Partners. 
The Happiest Cities In America. 
Women in Business Q&A. Beatrice Witzgall, CEO and founder of LumiFi, is an accomplished, award-winning lighting designer with more than 20 years of global experience. She has worked on countless lighting design projects alongside renowned architects including Frank Gehry and Steven Holl.
Top Characteristics of a Great Leader. I've personally been very fortunate to work with some amazing, influential, brilliant people over the course of my career. Some of these colleagues carried titles and others did not, however all possessed many of the qualities I deem to be that of a remarkable leader.
FAA Approves Amazon For Drone Testing, Again. 
Sankalp Q&A. Most of the thousands of investors and entrepreneurs descending on New Delhi this week for the Sankalp Global Summit are looking to beat out their competitors. Dave Richards and Will Poole, managing directors of Unitus Seed Fund, are looking to create more competition for themselves, by seeding additional funds like their own.
Vape Pens Sales Continue Booming Despite Looming Restrictions. Electronic cigarettes and vaporizing devices became available less than a decade ago, and have since grown into a multi-billion dollar industry despite a lack of data demonstrating their safety for consumers.
TheFuturein5, Episode 28. In this episode of the Future in 5, I discuss what is the biggest barrier to change for organizations? In other words, why are some organizations not changing?
What I Learned About Business From Making Art. My commitment to making art is helping me broaden my perspective and view problems through a different lens -- and with a much wider aperture.
How to Step Into Your Own Empowered Leader. Recently I flexed my mental muscles during a three-day leadership course called \Team Empowerment Training.\ I thought I'd pick up a few conflict-resolution techniques, learn how to be a better influencer, and empower others through interpersonal skills and guidance.
Why Everyone Needs a Do Over. This past year, I experienced my first Do Over moment. I was suddenly laid off from a startup and left scrambling to rebuild my career. It worked out for the better when I found an exciting new job, but for a few months there, the future got scary.
The Magic of Today's New Unicorn Leader. Human beings are social animals. Like packs of wolves, prides of lions, pods of dolphins, herds of elephants, troops of baboons, and flocks of birds, we humans are designed to live and work together in groups.
Hear Me Out. As the music industry continues to grow and the record industry slowly starts to become a nostalgic reference artists are looking for interesting ways to expand their audience and share their art through strategic partnerships and 360 deals.
Imran Ali Khan. More importantly, what are the most common mistakes that most founders commit especially during the early stages of the business? Imran Ali Khan, Founder and Co-CEO at Zameen.com, shares his advice on how to avoid those pitfalls.
The Future Of Driving, In One Provocative Chart. Elon Musk would probably agree.
Developing Emotional Intelligence to Grow Your Family Business. Emotional intelligence (EQ) is our ability and capacity to manage emotions well in ourselves and in our relationships. What does this have to do with running a family business? Everything.
Alaska's Prudhoe Bay Loses Top Spot Among U.S. Oil Fields. The oil field, home to the huge hydrocarbon reservoir that inspired construction of the trans-Alaska oil pipeline and kicked off an economic boom that transformed the state, now ranks third in the nation for remaining oil reserves.
The Least Healthy Countries In The World. 
Here Are Google's Secrets To Treating Workers Well. Better listen up!
Opening Day Baseball and the Office. Even if you are not a fan of America's game, this time of year undoubtedly marks the beginning of something new. But what if the business world took a queue from baseball and companies had an opening day? Here are six-and-a-half reasons why they should.
Women in Business Q&A. 
What Makes You...You?. The hardest and most important work within the future of work centers on one thing
How Would a Five-Year-Old Evaluate Your Airtime?. What subject do you give the most airtime to? If someone asked your team what you care about, what would they say? How about your family? I regularly get a similar email from different people, in different jobs around the world that speaks to the issue of airtime.
Women in Business Q&A. 
10 Ways Freelance Life Is Different Than A Day Job. Wouldn't it be grand if you could trade in the tedious predictability of the 9-to-5 grind for 100 percent control of your efforts and the resulting profits, plus the authority to give yourself as much vacation time as you need?
Crowd Solving. Crowd sourcing and crowd funding are demonstrating the wisdom of crowds by allowing individuals essentially to vote by solving with their wallets and pocketbooks.  Why not allow the crowd's wisdom to inform a team in the managerial process as well?
Human Potential Matters. As a country, and a world, we must understand that our destinies are linked. As business owners and integral employees within organizations, we can make a difference. We can offer our unique ideas and contributions that might help close the growing gap between the rich and the poor. We can examine ourselves for prejudices founded on fashionable beliefs rather than solid values.
Step Outside Your Comfort Zone. It's okay to be unsure of where you're going. As long as you remain true to yourself and go with your heart, you won't look back. Just remember, even the darkest of times will lead you to the direction or path you're meant to follow.
Different Is the New Normal. The trip reminded me of my upbringing and the unique insights and lessons that our differences, and cross-border perspectives bring.
The Real 'Iran Prize'. The expected removal of Western sanctions, particularly the targeted measures against Iran's oil and financial sector, could pave the way for a huge and much-needed inflow of foreign investors and recovery of Iran's oil sector and heavily-battered currency.
How Do I Get My Program Up and Running? Follow This Order of Implementation Formula. So, you just walked out of a meeting with the C-suite and you've been tasked to implement a new program across the organization. You get back into your office and reality sets in as you mumble to yourself, \How do I start this?\
Blackout to Wake Up. Our current wellbeing paradigm is stuck measuring the cost of various degrees of illness rather than calculating the value of higher levels of wellness and proactively enabling us to thrive.
Music's Marginal Reinvention. It's not clear where all this plays out, but meeting many across the music industry this past year, I saw a clear picture of an industry trying to reinvent itself.  And while labels still have an important role, the new equilibrium brings a healthy competitive balance to the market.
McDonald's Serves up Reputation With Fries. Clearly, Easterbrook had heard the wake-up call, taking serious note of the recent troubles, the escalating push for salary increases and the increasing competition from other burger quick-serve restaurants.
Is Your Business Out of Order? Three Ways to Re-Sequence Your Marketing and Business Development. Why do so many business fail, despite having the right stuff?  Here's why.  Their marketing and business development strategies are out of order and out of sync with the organization's goals and objectives.
The Importance of Celebrating the Little Wins. Real estate is not for the faint-hearted. I wake up in the morning to a host of worries
The Rating Game. It's hard to find a restaurant that doesn't now place a little card at your table inquiring if the establishment was
Why Millennials Need to Stand Out (or What I'd Say in a Commencement Speech). Becoming an expert in something so focused allows someone to take advantage of what mega-companies cannot. It allows someone to first become a big fish in a small pond.
5 Tips for Consumers With Bad Credit. Many things today rely on credit scores -- anything from getting approved for a credit card to landing an apartment. With enough patience and financial prudence, you can turn yourself into a lean-mean-credit-mastering machine.
Electric Flash. A car doesn't have to be dull and plodding to be green. One wouldn't know that from the proficient, but uninspiring, plug-in hybrids and electric vehicles that crawled off the drawing boards of the major auto companies. But that seems about to change.
Ritchie Goenawan. Having experienced competing in various marketing programs prior to his graduation, Ritchie Goenawan knew where he wants his career path to lead him. Now, working as Regional Brand Manager, Foods, South East Asia for Unilever Asia, he shares some of the most important and fulfilling moments of his career.
Holawhat? Meet The Alt-Management System Invented By A Programmer And Used By Zappos. 
Women in Business Q&A. Cyndie Spiegelis a Brooklyn-based Small Business Consultant, Coach, and Speaker specializing in strategy for creative entrepreneurs. Her motivational coaching and strategy sessions have inspired creative start-ups, independent entrepreneurs, and renowned luxury designers alike, helping them to develop extraordinary businesses and lives.
Women in Business Q&A. Naama Bloom is the Founder and CEO of HelloFlo, an everyday health and wellness resource for women and girls with sponsorships in place with Tampax, Always, LUNA Bar, and others. You may recognize the company from its viral ad campaigns, Camp Gyno and First Moon Party.
Nonprofit and Business Directors Must Be Vigilant -- Board Liability Costs Could Be $2.2 Million!. Based on the outcome of the Lemington Homes case precedent cited above, not being rigorous about their due care evaluation responsibilities can be very costly to nonprofit and possibly for-profit directors.
Ian Grundy. \Know how good you are and what you are capable of. Also, always develop personal relationships with colleagues and business partners -- face-to-face matters and is still very important as technology has not yet replaced everything!\
In Search of the Retail Location Unicorn. Advertisers are tapping into the world of big data to get a much better understanding of who their audience is, what they like and buy and all their psychographic and purchase preferences.
Women in Business Q&A. My parents always stressed education and hard work. I grew up the third of four children. My older brother was only two years older and growing up as the middle kids, we were always very competitive with each other.
15 Highest-Paying Companies In America. Netflix sounds like a great place to work.
This Company Is Getting Rid Of Bosses. 
Three Hidden Costs of Bad Marketing. There are dozens of other bad marketing models, but the crown jewel goes to \Deceptive Marketing\ where you conveniently hold back truth to make the recipient believe that you are trying to help them.
Warren Buffett's Mobile Home Empire Preys On The Poor. 
How to Avoid Networking Burnout. Since my business is networking, I am either attending events, scheduling networking phone calls or having one on one meetings constantly. But a lot of my clients don't.  So how do you make sure you stay consistent with your networking and happy at the same time? Here are five tips:
Americans Work Too Hard. 
The Progressive Promise of Today's Technology. A digital policy for the new century, tailored not just to the moment but for the future, is vital if we are to unleash economic growth, shared prosperity, and the full potential of technology for citizens and consumers. But such a policy architecture requires a new consensus\u200a--\u200aon privacy, on security, on customer protections, on growth and mobility.
The Fastest-Shrinking Cities In America. 
The Truth About Life In 2015 At Stanford, Where 21-Year-Olds Are Offered Hundreds Of Thousands Of Dollars Right Out Of School. 
Bill Gates Urges 40-Year-Old Microsoft To Look Ahead. 
The Healthcare Industry. The healthcare industry is a longstanding anchor in many urban centers. Poised to add nearly 5 million jobs to the economy over the next decade, this industry is uniquely positioned to expand job creation and wealth-building opportunities to some of our country's most economically vulnerable communities.
Women Should Be Able To Wear The Same Thing Everyday, Too. 
McDonald's and Walmart Raise the Floor on Wages. 
Why Wegmans Is America's Favorite Supermarket. Customers love the freshness of its products. But that's not all...
The Downing of Germanwings. Lufthansa may yet, as it has signaled, release all the relevant documents, admit it's own responsibility, and pay generous compensation to the families of the victims. But if history is any guide this will not happen without a fight for full disclosure of the facts surrounding this horrific event.
East Village's Iconic Pommes Frites Plans To Reopen After Devastating Fire. And former customers are stepping up to help.
Don't Let These 5 Confusing Words Mar Your Image. Tom's an articulate physician, totally able to speak his mind and express a strong point of view. But when he repeatedly says \between you and I,\ that grammatical error has the same effect as a big splotch of mustard on the front of his suit and tie.
#ExceptionalCareers Series. This April, a company of twelve Duke undergraduate actors will act out Lucy Prebble's award-winning play, ENRON on campus. Through their involvement, the students have gained valuable insights into the decisions they will make in their own careers, and how they will judge the values of companies and corporate leaders.
Content Marketing? 3 Things You Should Write Before Your First Blog Post. Experienced content marketers know it's more of a \tip of the iceberg\ game. What the audience sees is only a small fraction of the effort expended by a content marketer.
3 Modern Sales Practices Needed to Reach Buyer 2.0. Here we are in 2015 in a truly consumer-centered world. Gone are the days of street peddlers and door-to-door sellers and yet among all the change one thing is constant
Just Do It. A comprehensive modernization of the U.S. corporate tax system can be enacted in a fiscally responsive, revenue-neutral way.
How to Become the George Clooney of Your Office. What is this \it\ thing that some people just seem to have? It's easy to say looks and talent, but \it\ is more than that.
My Conversation With Simon Sinek (VIDEO). By ourselves we can make a ripple in the pond and a difference in the world, but as TEDx legend Simon Sinek noted in his inspiring keynote at #Ulticonnect, \together we are remarkable.\
Big Business Is Leading The Charge On Gay Rights Now. 
Some RadioShacks Will Survive After All. A court approved a plan to salvage RadioShack by co-branding most of its 1,740 surviving stores with cell phone provider Sprint.
Seattle City Council Votes 9-0 to Oppose Fast Track. What can we learn from this week's vote in the Seattle City Council, to oppose Fast Track trade legislation and express concerns about the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP)?
Walmart Asks Arkansas Governor To Veto Religion Freedom Bill. 
How to Forecast the Environment for Success. 
How to Forecast the Environment for Success. How can we forecast our environment so that we are aware of its influence over us and how we can use what we learn to our success? There are three interconnected stages of importance here
How to Be Smart In a World of Dumb Leaders. If you're an executive or a middle-level manager and you're frustrated with your leaders and managers not working together, you've probably entertained the idea of bringing someone like me, a leadership trainer or consultant, into your organization to help.
Why You Should Lead Outside In Instead Of Inside Out. The most effective leaders think outside in
How and Why You Should Bring Kids into the Workplace. Forward-thinking executives and companies understand that for an employee to be fully engaged, they need to feel things are secure at home just as they know that for an employee to feel things are secure at home, they need to feel secure at work. The two are inextricably linked.
Use 'Your Story and Language' Wisely. Truth be known, I really don't care about anyone's story. I care about how they might help me with a problem I need solved!
Hard Times and Harder Choices. Both Piketty and Clark say that politics, not economics, will determine the future. However, the economy will certainly be a major focus of upcoming election debates in both countries. The real question is, will the electorates in the U.S. and the UK stage a revolt?
Bad Trade. Sucker punched by massive, illegally subsidized imports, American steel producers laid off thousands of workers in bedrock communities from Ohio and Illinois to Texas and Alabama. That's in just the past three months.
Lessons for Entrepreneurs From Lee Kuan Yew. While there is much to learn from this remarkable statesman and the transformative experience of Singapore that could fill many volumes, I would like to focus in the short space here on a few key lessons that entrepreneurs and companies can take from the founding and rapid growth of Singapore.
What Businesses Need to Know About Direct Marketing. Many marketers seem lost, and one of the reasons is that they have not learned how these new tools fit into the marketing strategy hierarchy. Those that have achieved considerable success have recognized that the Internet and its \offspring\ are really forms of Direct Marketing. Why?
Hearts and Minds. As entrepreneurs, leaders, business owners of organizations small and large to succeed in the new world we need a new operating system; one that sees us move from a 'competitive' way of doing business to that of a 'collaborative' workspace.
The Quiet Epidemic That's Ravaging U.S. Workers. It's not going to be easy to overcome the scourge of vacation deprivation. It requires employers as well as individual men and women like you and me to find the courage to come forward.
Positive Thinking. Positivity has its limits. And, taken in excess, optimism can become dangerous
Company Thinks It Has Answer For Lower Health Costs. 
Why Group Brainstorming Is a Waste of Time. Brainstorming continues to be used because it feels intuitively right to do so. As such, it is one more placebo in the talent management cabinet, believed to work in spite of the clear absence of evidence. So go ahead, schedule that brainstorming meeting -- just don't expect it to accomplish much.
Unloose Spring in Your Organization. With snow barely a memory, they're wearing shorts, drinking iced coffee, and using the vaguely soggy grass to nap, study, and toss Frisbees.
Meet Our First \Grow Your Value\ Finalists. The \Grow Your Value\ bonus competition drives home the message that it is important for women to both learn their value and communicate it effectively.
The Most Iconic Jobs In Each State. 
Tesla's Self-Driving Feature Leaves Insurers Idling As States Scramble. Ready for the hurdles?
Women in Business. In 1989 Teresa Scott launched Kennedy Scott Training & Development, as a subsidiary of the Principals marketing and Design group, acquiring the company outright in 1991, where she remains as sole-owner manager.
Women in Business. Theresa Roemer is the CEO of Theresa Roemer, LLC and a small business owner who specializes in business philanthropy.  She owns several home goods companies in Houston, Texas and is a partner in Roemer Oil.
Tesla's Self-Driving Feature Has Regulators Scrambling. 
Why The Original Sriracha Is Finally Making Snacks. 
Andrew Pickup. Contrary to what most career coaches may advise, Andrew Pickup, Senior Director for Communications at Microsoft Asia, encourages us to actually change environment and seek for greater responsibilities especially during the early stages of our careers.
Swimming With the 'Sharks'. As one of the stars of ABC's high-stakes reality show \Shark Tank,\ Corcoran goes head-to-head with four other self-made multi-millionaire tycoons, bidding on the business ideas of budding entrepreneurs hoping to make their dreams a reality.
Truly Human Leadership-Part 2. This episode continues my interview with Bob Chapman, CEO of Barry-Wehmiller Companies, Inc., a manufacturing company with over 8,000 employees.
Now We Know Why Huge TPP Trade Deal Is Kept Secret From the Public. A key section of the secret Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade agreement has been leaked to the public. The New York Times has a major story on the contents of the leaked chapter, and it's as bad as many of us feared. Now we know why the corporations and the Obama administration want the TPP kept secret from the public until it's too late to stop it.
TheFuturein5 Episode 25. As the saying goes, \Either you disrupt or get disrupted,\ and this is what we're starting to see. Listen in as I expand on this topic, and let me know what are you seeing?
Is the Eurozone Drifting Apart?. It now falls to Europe's politicians to act resolutely to stop the union drifting apart. Their present approach of endless negotiations and compromise formulas risks losing the last vestige of popular support.
If You Do The Work, No Force on the Earth Can Stand Against You -- 8 Simple Ways to Start Now. Reality
How Successful People Handle Toxic People. To deal with toxic people effectively, you need an approach that enables you, across the board, to control what you can and eliminate what you can't. The important thing to remember is that you are in control of far more than you realize.
Rosy View of SEC Regulation at Odds With Reality. In an increasingly frantic effort to derail new protections for retirement savers, SIFMA, the self-described \voice of the U.S. securities industry,\ has purchased yet another study that purports to show why a pending Department of Labor (DOL) proposal to require all financial advisors to put their customers first is unnecessary and inappropriate.
Here's A Breakdown Of The Heinz-Kraft Merger. 
Mediation Room At Boston Company Helps Workers Focus. 
Let's Redefine 'Smart Money'. The reality is that the \smart money\ is dumb, and what is currently viewed as \dumb money\ is smart. As Luntz properly noted, don't underestimate the power of language. No one understands this better than the securities industry.
Turning Dream Jobs Into Reality. Everyone has a \dream job\ lying dormant in their hearts. Unfortunately, it's usually plagued by one negative thought
5 Essential Steps For Tackling Your Income Taxes. Here are five important tips to help take the mystery out of tax preparation. These recommendations and resources show how a little preparation and organization can help ease the worry at tax time.
Are Consumers Still Consumers?. I don't think we should call them consumers anymore. Sure, they consume our products, but they are so much more important that to us than just that. They participate in our brand, keeping it vital and relevant in their lives. They make our brand, well, our brand.
Here's How the Internet of Things Will Impact How We Work. Internet of Things, big data, social media, analytics, the cloud and mobile, combined with the millennial workforce, is powerful, indeed. Job opportunities are plentiful for those who can help bring it all together.
Facebook's War Continues Against Fake Profiles and Bots. While these accounts were deleted by Facebook, the actual account creation process has not changed very much, if at all. Programs pass updates to the people who have purchased them, and \likes\ sellers simply create more accounts at the click of a button.
Women in Business. \They first should find a business that fits their personality, something they will be passionate about, and that passion becomes their strength and confidence to be a strong and successful business owner.\
How to Communicate the Outcome of Your Assignment to Your Boss. When presenting the outcome of your assignment, it is important to choose the right elements of the way you handled the assignment. If you don't, you face the risk of being taken for granted, not getting enough credit for the assignment OR just simply taken advantage of your work.
Women in Business. Megan Driscoll is the founder and president of  PharmaLogics. She has been recruiting in the bio-pharmaceutical industry for well over 17 years.
What's Needed to Become a Nonprofit Board Change Agent?. Here are some qualifications for unusual board members that want to become change agents and lead boards and/or organizations to making substantial positive changes.
Time Warner Cable's Triple Play Gluttony and the Net Neutrality Rules. For those who say, well, the new net neutrality order will fix everything, (assuming it makes it through various, expected court battles), I'll detail a few of the good things about the order as it relates to these charges, then give you the reality -- it doesn't fix most things.
Governor Scott Walker vs. Unions. It is hard to believe, but most of prospective presidential candidate Walker's antipathy seems to be towards teachers unions and higher education, in particular. He has even proposed to cut the University of Wisconsin budget.
Why the Starbucks #RaceTogether Campaign Is Misguided. I applaud Schultz for wanting to be socially conscious but that shouldn't include potentially forcing me to engage in a conversation of Starbucks' choosing.  By doing so, the company is limiting my freedom of choice to discuss race when I want to, where I want to, and with whom I want to.
Why Compassion Is Vital in Sales. Compassion isn't something you hear a lot about in business but when you let go of the need to crush the competition and tune into what is actually needed it can yield amazing results. My commitment to my clients is always to listen first and then use all the tools at my disposal to deliver the desired result.
The Largest Employer In Each State. 
Antibiotic Use In Meat Is Soaring. 
Stop Asking Me for My Opinion. Most companies these days seem to be in relentless pursuit of my opinion and attitude, yet the questions they ask really don't encourage conversation. Sometimes they just ask me to log on and \complete a survey.\ Neither approach encourages any deepening of a relationship.
Obamacare Is Spurring Startups And Creating Jobs. 
Here Is The Most Popular Beer In Every Country. 
C-suite Men Stepping Down For 'Work-Life Balance' Is No Step Forward. Most of us can only dream of being in a position where we could make new rules the way that Schireson, Wong, El-Erian, and Pichette might have done instead of opting out. Let's hope that instead of these types of resignation letters becoming the norm in the name of work-life balance, we start hearing more about leaders who stay put and change the status quo.
New Internet Radio Station Modeled on Heyday of FM Radio. In the birthplace of Rock and Roll, a radio station has signed on the air with an unusual format that aims to take radio forward and backward at the same time.
3 Ways To Spend More Time With Your Family Without Quitting Your Job. 
Starbucks Is Getting Priced Out Of NYC Neighborhoods. 
Down the Talent Drain. The increasing influence of women is challenging us all to adapt and realign ourselves to the needs of a new society. Engaging women in the workplace, especially at the leadership level, is an essential part of the new collaborative economy.
The Tech Mogul. When you think about starting a technology company the first thing that comes to mind might not be hip-hop. To some though, they are one in the same. Teja Yenamandra is the CEO Gun.io. They are a technology company that connects high quality freelance developers to well paying projects.
When to Take a Bow? (Hint. 
Nuclear Workers Deserve Better from Bechtel. It's not too late for LLNS (Bechtel and The Regents) to do the right thing by these dedicated workers. But whether or not they do, one thing's for sure. As one op -ed put it, \If ever there were a poster boy for privatization gone bad, this is it.\
Women in Business. 
Women in Business. 
Women in Business. 
15 Years of FTC Failure to Factor Privacy Into Merger Reviews. In many cases, companies that previously built their businesses on promises not to collect or share personal data then were absorbed by companies without such commitments, betraying the trust users had placed in the original companies.
It's Still Pretty Hard For Women To Get Free Birth Control. Obamacare was supposed to make birth control free for all women. But that reality is still far off.
Can Capital Be Just?. 
Bad Sports. Comcast and Time Warner Cable want the American People's permission to merge. The only answer for federal, state and local governments and regulators is to make a goal-line stand for sports fans and say no.
A Bittersweet Day for the Circus. We know the animal rights groups will not miss the elephants in the circus, but our family will miss them. Perhaps a trip to a certain elephant conservation center in Florida is in our future.
Startup Seed Funding for the Rest of Us. When you set out to raise money, you think you're doing it based on the strength of your ideas, but most investors are looking equally if not mostly at the team.
Top 80 US Real Estate Crowdfunding Sites Open New Doors in 2015. The evolution of crowdfunding as a new investment vehicle in the US real estate industry has been remarkable in the past few years. Since the JOBS Act was passed into law in 2012, platforms specializing in crowdfunding real estate projects have mushroomed across the country.
Clean & Clear Features a Transgender Consumer. They say time heals all wounds. I've been around a long time in the marketing world, and I'm still licking a few old wounds. Like when I forgot to put wedding rings on a couple we were featuring in a print ad.
5 Business Lessons From Corporate Responsibility. 
Couples Want To Lean In Together, But They Need Employers To Change Too. 
The 10 Cities With The Longest Work Weeks. Feeling overworked? Moving to a different city could help.
Invite Your Customer Into the Boardroom. Adding customer discussions to the Board agenda is an important part of a broader customer engagement strategy with the board, including the regular review of customer survey results, engagement metrics, segmentation reviews.
Coloring Outside the Lines. I had dinner with my brother and his family the other day. At the restaurant, his son the kindergartner, is coloring with crayons. He is trying like crazy to color inside the lines, his tongue is sticking out with maximum concentration.
More to Sell-Off Than Potential June Rate Increase. A market in transition can mean only one thing in our current environment. A potential top and the beginning of a bear market or longer-term correction.
The Reinvention of the Cadillac. My dad was a loyal Cadillac driver and consumer of the iconic and classic brand. I remember climbing into the soft, plush leather seats with plenty of room to sit back, relax and enjoy the ride.
Sustainability Conference in Seattle Shares That the Best Innovations in CSR Are the Simplest. During his keynote, Vik Sahney, REI DVP of Strategy and Sustainability, shared that \CSR is not about doing less bad, it's about changing the way you do everything.\
What Patients Deserve to Know About Hospitals. This Patient Safety Awareness Week, let's be more than aware -- let's be vocal about the change we'd like to see. Consumers entrust their lives to the health care industry. The stakes couldn't be higher for our families, and we are entitled to know how the system really works.
The Secret to Greater Success Is... Learning How to Sell. Perhaps the most important subject you can study and learn is sales. Yet many of the smartest students avoid learning it, and some of the best colleges shun teaching it.
3 Questions Every Company Should Be Asking Before Making a New Hire. But how do you know if you're bringing someone on board ready to make lightning strike twice? One way to get you closer to finding out is asking these three questions during the interview.
How Wearable Technology Will Change Social Media. The ways we use a smart watch (or other wearable device) will gradually begin to evolve to better suit the device, and those changes will have a significant effect on the scope of social media and how businesses use it to interact with their consumers.
What's Your R.O.T.? The More You Know, The More You Make. The other day I was tired. Not just yawn tried, but so tired my head hurt, my feet hurt and everything in between hurt.
Do We Need Managers?. What would happen at your organization, if there were no managers? Would everything fall apart and go into chaos or would you see a more engaged workforce and a more successful organization?
One Hack That Turns a Loyal Customer Into a Lifelong Loyal Customer. Loyal customers are great. Implementing little hacks to guarantee them into loyal-for-life customers like Starwood has done for me this morning? Priceless.
5 Ways Resilient People Use Failure to Their Advantage. Everyone has the ability to build mental strength and develop increased resilience. It's all about the choices we make and the desire to become better. With hard work, we can learn to use setbacks as opportunities to grow stronger.
Philippines' City of Illusions. What the Philippines needs more than ever is a true economic revolution, one that ensures the Philippines is not only a democracy in formal-political terms, but instead founded upon the principle of \u00e9ga-libert\u00e9
'Put Mustard On It'. 
Do Directors View Their Nonprofit Boards Through Rose-Colored Glasses?. Having served as a volunteer director, board chair and consultant, I am often tempted to call it the nonprofit \mistake.\ It is, in some instances, a perception that may blindside the director and stunt the growth potential of the organization.
Workers at Louisiana Refineries Assess Tentative USW-Shell Deal. The United Steelworkers Thursday reached a possible four-year pact with Shell Oil in a seven-state strike that spread to 12 refineries and three other plants. Three weeks ago, most of the USW's more than 700 combined members joined the walkout.
The $17K Watch and the Art of Deflection. The art of deflection is practiced by smart marketers all the time. It is your responsibility to be aware and look out for the underlying motivation in an offer and how it is packaged. It's not easy to spot it as the crowd starts talking about what the marketer wants them to talk about.
Women in Business. Gloria Pitagorsky on if she maintains a work/life balance
Women in Business. \Take all those tapes playing in your head of people telling you what you can and cannot do -- and burn them, along with the subtle fears and insecurities you didn't even know you had absorbed over the years.\
The Toxic Boss Syndrome. How many of us can relate to the movie Office Space and the infamous boss Bill Lumbergh? Most people would say that they can easily point to a boss that they currently have or have had who could have served as a role model for the movie character.
Ken Chan. I am lucky to have different mentors and advisors in different stages of my career, from design to business. The most inspirational one for me is when someone told me not to think about business when I am not a marketer. His saying actually prompted me to register a master degree in marketing.
6 Ways to Improve Your Performance at Work. But once a human being is at the office, productivity does not automatically happen. There are numerous distractions, even obligations, that can keep a person from performing their job duties to the best of their ability. This, in turn, can prevent salary raises and promotions.
Your Guide to SXSW Interactive 2015. At SXSW Interactive, it's all about community and innovation. It undoubtedly stands up to the self-proclamation as \the place to preview the technology of tomorrow today.\
Hanging with High Achievers. I don't think it is overt, but high achievers have a sixth sense of who is worthy of their most precious commodity, time, and who is looking for instant gratification.
Froilan de Dios. Having started his career in accountancy and law, Froilan de Dios, shares his professional journey that allowed him to work in Philippines' neigboring countries such as Malaysia, Indonesia, Vietnam.
15 Cities With The Most High-Tech Jobs. 
Learning From Mistakes. The important thing is to remember what you have learned from a failure of the past and apply it to your life today, as well as passing along to others your new-found knowledge acquired as a result of a past mistake or failure.  Failing doesn't mean that you are a bad person who needs to be punished.
Tesla Now Has A Major Warren Buffett-Backed Rival In China. 
For-Profit Company Threatened To Jail People For Not Paying Traffic Fines, Lawsuit Says. 
Don't Do What This CEO Did.... The executive team is not just a group of people. It is a highly skilled, trained, and experienced collection of individuals that TOGETHER create a powerful force for the company. Make sure you utilize this power for the greater good.
EEOC Releases 2014 Statistics. Harassment training needs to be comprehensive. Long gone are the days of the narrow focus of sexual harassment. Racial, ethnic and harassment based on disability are too common today. Training and policies need to reflect that harassment of any kind is unlawful and inexcusable.
The Refreshing Reason Google's CFO Is Leaving. 
6 Toxic Beliefs That Will Ruin Your Career. There is nothing wrong with making a mistake. It's what you say to yourself after you mess up that matters. Your self-talk (the thoughts you have about your feelings) can either magnify the negativity or help you turn that misstep into something productive.
Communicate Your Backstory to Connect. If you intend to influence others, consider the backstory as the context -- and the gateway -- for your communication and connection.
Environmental Innovation. Environmental innovations are much more than nice; they are also fiscally sound practices that add value and provide a tremendous boost to the bottom line. And eventually, they have a domino effect
Mulligan Time. It turns out, taking a Mulligan, doing it over, is the key to survival in today's convoluted, fast changing economy. If you have chosen to give reinventing yourself a try, make sure you do it correctly.
What \Weird Al\ Can Teach About Career Longevity. This weekend \Weird Al\ Yankovic performed his classic song Yoda as a duet with Jodi DiPiazza, a 13-year-old autistic girl, at Comedy Central's \Night of Too Many Stars.\
Social Media Etiquette for College Students and Young Professionals. The effects of social media are never more than a click away and everything you do can potentially be captured for the entire world to see.
Looking Through the Glass Ceiling. The question is no longer
3 Steps to Setting Client Expectations. Many years ago, a woman emailed to ask if I could build her new website. She had heard about my work through a friend, saw my name listed on other websites, and gushed about my portfolio.
The Generation Gap Isn't Going Anywhere, So Use it to Your Advantage. My symbiotic mentor/mentee relationship taught me the value of forming inter-generational bonds. As I continue to grow in age and experience, I'll never forget the priceless lessons I'm learning from seasoned vets in the game.
5 Reasons The Cover Letter Should Just Die Already. 
From Powder Puff to Powder Keg. Much has changed for women. The fact that we have International Women's Day, or that many organizations host Women in Leadership events to empower women, or women feel they can mobilize to effect positive change is testimony to progress.
Has Instant Messaging Become More Annoying Than Email? 5 Steps for More Productive Pinging. Instant messaging is probably the type of workplace communication that we put the least amount of thought into. But approaching it more mindfully will help improve the productivity of both you and your colleagues and ease the frustrations that come from mismatched communications.
The Biggest Scam of Them All?. Only a tiny percentage of active fund managers demonstrate evidence of skill. Identifying them prospectively is exceedingly difficult and, even if you could do so, it's unlikely their stellar performance will persist.
The Growing Importance of Managers in Employee Engagement. Long overlooked, or at least given a lower priority in many companies, internal communications has seen a surge in perceived value in recent years. Names may change, but it is clear there are two significant and desired action items for employees to embrace.
Sympathy Is for Corporate Wimps. Empathy, often incorrectly used as a synonym for sympathy, may be the better response in corporate life, which increasingly calls for more authenticity. In fact, empathy is considered to be one of the most valuable things taught at acclaimed Harvard Business School these days.
How to Manage Executive Onboarding the Way McDonald's Brings in New Franchisees. If everyone treated executive onboarding the way McDonald's brings its franchisees into the fold, the failure rates for new leaders would plummet. In particular, increase your investment in the screening process, two-way qualification and onboarding executives across time, locations and media.
Class Action Suit vs. Beneful Will Be Hard to Prove. Dog foods are more than the sum of their parts. Think of it this way
The Rhythm of the Business Dance. Business and dancing seem like two pretty different animals, don't they? But, they really have more in common than you realize. It can not only help you transform your happiness in the workplace, but focus your mind to recognize patterns and then identify and pursue relevant opportunities.
Women in Business. 
Imagination, the Precursor of Creative Thinking. In the end, it turns out that imagining and day dreaming are not a waste of time -- as some people still tend to think.
Women in Business. Tessie Topol is Vice President of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) at Time Warner Cable. In this role, she is responsible for developing and implementing the company's corporate philanthropy and overall CSR strategy and programs.
Find Your Business's Voice Before a Parody Account Does. If Arby's themselves tweeted with self-deprecating, dark humor, I'm not sure if they'd get the same following. People who follow and respond to Nihilist Arby's aren't necessarily Arby's food fans.
Solidifying a Gold Standard TPP. The next round of TPP negotiations begin in Hawaii on Monday and it is highly probable that this meeting could be one of the last before the pact is finalized. As we reach the potential end point, effective IP protections cannot be overlooked.
Apple Watch Faces Major Challenge In Fashion Industry. 
Timing Is Everything As McDonald's Tries To Reinvent Itself. 
Women in Business. For nearly 20 years, Dr. Diana L. Burley has acted as a consultant to corporations and government agencies in navigating issues related to IT-enabled change, cybersecurity workforce development and knowledge management.
Women in Business. Combined, Jaysie, Jianna and Jodi have an immense business background in sales, marketing, business development and operations. Their intricate involvement in the school systems allows the local moms to really make a difference with their new venture.
3 Habits Killing Your Productivity. In our attempt to be better at our jobs, to be more accessible and more open to new opportunities which could be your next big break, you may actually be engaging in habits that are hindering you.
Is There Truth in the Statement That ALL Nonprofits Are Actually Businesses?. Many nonprofit boards, managers and staff figuratively stand ten feet tall for what they accomplish. They deserve to have the appropriate tools used by business boards and business managers to do their jobs.
Who Needs Buyer Personas?. If your business card has the words \Sales\ or \Marketing\ anywhere in the title, you need to get this book. It will teach you how to stop wasting your time chasing people who will never ever be your customers.
Why Law Firms Fail. Smart people overestimate the importance of being a smart person. To be the best lawyer, or the best collection of lawyers, is not enough; it doesn't even guarantee you stay in the game.
How to Be an Entrepreneur Who Can See Around Corners. Every entrepreneur realizes that change is now the norm, and they have to adapt their business quickly to survive and prosper. In fact, the best entrepreneurs seem to see breakthrough changes coming even before they really happen, and are able to turn them into huge new opportunities.
10 Worst Paying Cities For Women. 
The Uncommon Reasons for the Rise of Stress. Do you feel like there is an unlimited supply of stress in this world? No, not the kind of stress that comes with growth. Unfortunately, it is the kind of stress that comes with being stuck. Common sense says that your growth is hugely influenced by the right investments you make in yourself.
Are Newspapers on the Ropes?. There is no question about it
6 Things to Do If You Work for a Jerk. Rude, abrasive and downright hostile people are a fact of life. We have no choice in that. The choice we do have is how we handle them -- by not letting their problems feed our own.
Change Within to Create Change on the Outside. You no longer become eager to see what others do and want to change their attitudes and actions. This significantly reduces your burnout and frustration. You become refueled from within.
Does Your Marketing Plan Need an Exit Strategy?. Marketers and small business owners rarely think about the terms, \Marketing Plan\ and \Exit Strategy\ and use them in the same sentence.
What The Future of Work Will Look Like. Toni Cusumano is the Principal and Technology Sector Human Capital Leader at PwC, and she and her team have been spending a lot of time exploring what the future of work is going to look like.
Founder Leadership Models. If you can navigate a leadership model that keeps the founder involved and engaged in the business as it scales, it meaningfully improves your odds that startup magic will happen.
Mosaic of a Lady. How do we tell the story about women today? A portrait, more like a contemporary mosaic, if you will, emerged, of disruptive, brilliant, super femmes from diverse backgrounds around the globe, as I interviewed five women to celebrate International Women's Day.
'Paleo-ing' Your Business and Career Is the Key Ingredient for Your Success. So what could paleo eating and success in your business and career possibly have in common? Actually -- pretty much everything.
U.S. Adds 295,000 Jobs In February; Unemployment Rate Falls To 5.5 Percent. 
How Energy Industry Benefited From Keystone XL Veto. With the announcement that Obama vetoed the Keystone Pipeline XL, there was a great deal of moaning in the energy industry. However, when you look at the simple economics, it is obvious there was also a collective sigh of relief.
Why Employees Should Use Collaboration Tools at Work. Why should employees use collaboration tools at work? A lot of organizations state that one of the biggest challenges they face is employee push-back. Employees don't want to use the tools and technologies.
The Hottest Cars at the Geneva Auto Show. You can count on the semi-annual Geneva auto show to bring out the most outrageous pieces of automotive design. In the heart of Europe, the show is a magnet for high-end manufacturers and well-heeled car enthusiasts looking for their next conspicuous ride.
What You Think About, You Bring About. Our behaviors are a lot like viruses in that they are infectious and easily copied by others. It's human nature for people to unconsciously copy examples that are modeled for them, good or bad.
How to Forge Winning Client Relationships. And be willing to play nice with others. Many of our clients have a range of marketing agencies they work with. These clients are most successful when their marketing programs work in concert and this means the agencies being willing to work together vs. engaging in a land grab for more budget.
How 'HR' Scares Away Talent. It's a different job market now. Joining the long-term unemployed and those left lost and given up in the wake of the Great Recession are now people who have found work. Valuable Talent now looking for what's next. Talent that could mean the difference between the success and failure of your company.
Business Innovation. Video game makers are constantly forced to reinvent their products, services and even core value propositions on a regular basis. Consumer products makers, manufacturers, retailers and businesses in virtually any category would do well to follow their lead.
The Internet of Things. More than understanding the current guise of the IoT, is the importance for women entrepreneurs to understand long-term impact of using technology for business.  It is more than just setting up a website and using all the bells and whistles to bring in new customers.
Thoughts on the Future of Productivity. If it seems like there's an app for everything these days, you're right. What's the perfect or right tool?
Target Announces Major Job Cuts. 
A Currency Chapter in the TPP Will Not Diminish our Fed's Independence. I'm sympathetic to the notion that since we already have lower tariffs than our trading partners, there are gains to be made on this front. But if the negotiators are truly saying we simply cannot have a trade deal that blocks currency managers, then maybe we shouldn't have a trade deal.
Millennials Love Cars And Detroit Doesn't Know It. It's been easy to buy into the myth that young people dislike cars because they're young and poor. But for the approximately 80 million millennials in the U.S., there's a long way to go before they give up car ownership in favor of ride sharing and bikes alone.
Marketing Agency Darwinism. Truth be told, though we live and die by our to-do lists, when we started our agency we didn't have a business plan. What we did have was an identified need, a good idea and a bottle of wine to fuel our courage to take the plunge.
From Boy Band To Business Leader. I'll be the first to admit that I didn't give much thought to the idea of Kevin Jonas as a businessman. He's a musician. An actor. But a business mogul?
Investment Crowdfunding Draws a Crowd. It's getting crowded in the investment crowdfunding space, and that's excellent news. Almost any asset can benefit from investment crowdfunding and, as more types succeed, that will cause still more niche platforms to launch.
Subscription Business Models Are Startup Favorites. Every new business quickly realizes that revenue coming in every period on a committed basis is the Holy Grail to survival and growth. According to many experts, getting new customers is five to ten times harder than getting additional revenue from existing customers.
Women in Business Q&A. As SVP/General Manager of Karlitz & Company, Carole Coleman's responsibilities include providing strategic direction, managing client and partner relationships, supervising staff, and new business development.
Once Again. Strange to say, a nonprofit organization and Board can become too dedicated to its mission! Such overzealousness can cause them to overlook opportunities for strategic change.
The Leadership Paradox. I suggest we need to step back and consider leadership as a phenomenon, and ask what we mean when we use the term. For example, it is almost impossible to imagine a leader as a solitary entity -- there are always others to follow. If this is so, then perhaps leadership is more of a social phenomena than the product of an individual's vision or some set of competencies.
10 Best States For Business. 
10 Worst States For Business. 
How Do You Grow An Audience?. I recently gave a talk on audience growth, and while I don't have all the answers, I do know a few things. I've learned both from my own experience and that of the people I work with (some of whom have much larger audiences than mine).
Airbnb Gained A Very Powerful Friend In Warren Buffett. 
Women in Business Q&A. Michelle Forsythe is the Co-Founder and the Chief Executive Officer of NoteStream
10 Steps to Fight Inertia. If so, here are 10 actions you can take to dislodge your organization from its conventional thinking rut.
Women in Business Q&A. Mary is the founder and creator of Pearson Farm's Retail Division. When Mary Pearson married Al Pearson of Pearson farm, she not only gained the love of her life, but grew to have a great love for the beautiful large trees on the Peach farm.
The Emerging Markets Housing Bubble. While in most advanced economies, housing prices contracted for a prolonged period both during and after the crisis, in emerging markets, housing prices suffered brief declines, recovered quickly and have kept rising since.
Here Are Some Secrets From HP, Unilever And Other Highly Sustainable Companies. 
Chevron Chutzpah Knows No Bounds In Statements About Ecuadorians' Contamination Case. 
Brad Paterson. 
#TBT To The Great 1980s Llama Bubble. 
3 Reasons Why Every Employer Needs to Focus on Employer Branding. Employer branding may seem like the latest buzzword whispered around town, but those of us in the talent management game have been executing these tactics for several years and attracting the best talent to our organizations in the process.
How We Built an Office That Works for Employees and Guests. When visitors come into our new office in Midtown Manhattan, one of the first questions we often get is, \Can I have my own desk here?\
Why You Need Human Data For Real Customer Engagement. A cataclysmic shift is occurring in BtoB and BtoC marketing. Customers are ignoring generic messaging and demanding personalized and relevant communications based on their individual preferences.
Imagine Being Able To See The Doctor And Get Medicine At Work. At some companies an on-site clinic is already a reality.
What Kind of Resources Are Your Humans?. Do you invest in the organization you join, by bringing your best efforts to the table and having the right attitude for a long-term commitment, or are you simply doing the bare minimum and collecting a pay check?
What Qualities Set You Apart in Business?. Why would someone choose to do business with you? Because you have taken the time, and put in the effort to give them your best self.
Self-directed Retirement Accounts and Turnkey Rental Investing. The investor who wants to invest in rental property without searching out homes, doing rehab, finding tenants and handling management find this an attractive option. There are advantages to this approach.
Does Your Writing Reveal Secrets About Your Leadership?. Vision, attitudes, and personality generally come through loud and clear in your writing.  Your challenge
Volunteering Surprisingly Makes You Feel Like You Have More Free Time. 
#ExceptionalCareers Series. For this edition of The #ExceptionalCareers Series, I asked Deb Henretta to reflect on her career and share insights on mentors, taking on challenges, and what it takes to be a leader.
Employees in Creative Roles Deserve Strong Managers Too!. What if the nature of the employee's job is to be creative and innovative? This requires that an employee be willing to take risks and make mistakes. Should you still manage that employee closely? Should you still tell him what to do and how to do it? Should you still monitor, measure and document?
Meet Jon Vein. His collaborative approach requires self-awareness that many leaders lack. Jon defines it as having the capacity to accurately perceive and adapt to the emotions of his subordinates, while using his own emotions to guide his thinking and overcome challenges.
Get Even. I was in debt. Serious debt. The \how-will-I-ever-pay-this-back?\ kind of debt. The kind that haunts you in those moments right before you fall asleep.
Cash Back Incentives. Health conscious consumers who have proven their value to insurers over the course of twelve months deserve to receive financial reimbursement for their efforts.  Even a year's worth of successful compliance by those patients facing on-going conditions such as diabetes would prove beneficial to patient and insurer.
Can Nonalcoholic Beer Save Big Brewers?. 
Multinational Corporations Still Driving Tax Policy. The power of the multinational corporations operating below the notice of the mainstream media has been clarified by two recent proposals.
How to Become a Person of Influence. Whether you are looking for a new career challenge, growing your business or starting a new company, becoming a person of influence in your industry can be very rewarding -- both personally and professionally.
Can Big Data Save the World?. This paradigm shift demands that leaders evolve along with their organizations. To be successful, leaders must learn the skills to connect, empower, motivate, mentor, train, and inspire their valuable human capital.
Because That's Where The Money Is. Here, finally, is the great black-ice pileup between so-called \IT\ and \marketing.\  And banks suck it up to avoid revealing their vulnerability and lack of internal controls to regulatory watchdogs, customers -- and thieves.
Women in Business Q&A. Julie Yoo is a Co-Founder of Kyruus and serves as the company's Chief Product Officer. She was previously the VP of Clinical Product Strategy at Generation Health, where she oversaw the development of the company's clinical programs and data analytics platform.
Women in Business Q&A. Nicole Noonan, Esq., CEO of Novitas US, is a nationally recognized divorce expert.  Crowned the \Fairy Godmother of Divorce\ by the New York Post's Julia Marsh, Nicole is an advocate for the protection of women and their rights.
States Smoking The Most Smuggled Cigarettes. 
Biggest Oil Refinery Strike In Decades Spreads To Largest U.S. Plant. 
10 Worst Paying Jobs For Women. 
Fired Up! Entrepreneurial Passion Fuel. Focus on the rewards of being an entrepreneur. Feel the gratitude for the success you have. By keeping the fires of passion for what you do in your conscious awareness, you can prime the pump for success every day
Women in Business Q&A. Kelly Roberts graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Southern California and additionally earned a degree in law.  She is an entrepreneur who invests in Real Estate, apartments and other interesting businesses. Kelly is an equestrian and her hobbies include mixed martial arts and Pilates.
Women in Business Q&A. Maria Perez is the co-founder and Product Manager of Glassful. She earned her BFA at London College of Communication, UK. Her experience has included corporate Web Development Manager positions with several successful internet ventures.
Get Your Game Plan On. It's up to you to be willing to connect with others that are aligned and supportive of your dream; those that are willing to ideate collectively to make the magic happen and enable your dream to come alive.
P2P Lending Is Dead. First, disco bit the dust. Then, punk rock keeled over. Now, peer-to-peer lending has been annihilated. Who murdered P2P? Wall Street.
Customer Loyalty Management Via the Customer Service Silo. Your customer service department is the most important. Here are four ways you can leverage your customer service team to effectively manage customer loyalty, build relationships and turn customers into fans.
Hey Zuckerberg, Here's a Suggestion. That a famous young CEO is encouraging people of all ages to engage with books--any kind of books--is good thing. It demonstrates that even a busy executive with a household name recognizes the benefits of taking time out of his day to enjoy literature that provides a bit of reflection. It would be even more encouraging if he would add some classics to his list.
How So Many Entrepreneurs are Making Early Retirement a Reality. There's a new trend in the tech field and it involves entrepreneurs enjoying early retirement. While the idea certainly sounds appealing, it's not something that happens by chance. It takes careful strategizing and you'll need to make a plan.
Reinventing America, The Forbes Summit in Chicago Part II. These small, invitation-only congresses bring together Wealth, Politics, Business, and Government as well as Education and Disruptive Innovation and are a winning formula for stimulating growth, forging new partnerships, and in this case, the reinvention of industrial power.
Startups Like to Tango. The government is working on multiple fronts to build a better future by empowering their citizens to succeed in the new economy
Young and Entrepreneurial. The first person I featured in this series was Penn Alumnus Jon Youshaei, a Google Associate Product Marketing Manager, writer and intrapreneur (you can find the feature article here).
Women in Business Q&A. 
Walmart Gives 500,000 Workers A Raise. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
5 Ways to Boost Your Marketing Creativity Through Your Office D\u00e9cor. Your office d\u00e9cor has a direct bearing on your creativity at work. A dull office can mean dull performance; a bright office can bring out brighter ideas and motivation. You might have to start out your career in a \boiler room\ setting, but as you progress in your field there's no reason you have to be stuck inside a tedious office.
Why Evaluate Performance?. 
Ethics Training Is Missing the Mark. Decisions individuals make cannot be necessarily managed by external factors; although, if ethical training helps individuals to understand and prepare for the internal factors that might be experienced while dealing with ethical dilemmas.
Hugging Etiquette. Hugging and touching someone, especially in a business setting, can oftentimes be misconstrued and lead to controversy or confusion. Before you go in for the big hug, consider the following seven tips.
The Rise of the Wisdom Worker. Conventional wisdom has it that the knowledge worker will reign supreme well into the 21st century. The thing is, many aspects of \knowledge work\ are being replaced by technology, most notably artificial intelligence.
Why Our Company Quit Twitter (Before the Memo Came out). 
Jean-Michel Wu. In this interview, let's see how his decision led into some of the most interesting experiences of his career including working for one of the most respected people in the advertising industry  - Sir Martin Sorrell.
Build Loyalty -- The Cost -- $00.00. Remember your customers are humans just like you. They want the most and the best for what they are paying. Within the bounds of your bottom line -- give it to them.
How to Convince Your Boss of the Value (R.O.I.) of Social Media. Pull up a list of your competitors' social media accounts and show your boss how large their social followings are compared to yours, and show them examples of how they are engaging with their fans and followers.
Social CRM. Your company may use social media but if the usage is neither strategic nor integrated, you may not really be hearing what your customers want. Therefore, you run the risk of failing to fulfill their value expectations.
When Hiring, What Problems Should I Avoid?. 
Brand Clash. While it is hard to imagine Apple making better cars and Coca Cola making better milk, anything is possible if the branding is done right. Both companies have big wallets and successful corporate brands.
Women in Business Q&A. 
Why Wellness Programs At Work Are Failing. 
Poorest Americans Often Left Out Of Key Federal Aid. 
I Quit My Job Every Year, And You Should Too. Every December 31st, I quit my job. The next day I decide if I want to take the job again for the New Year. It helps me clear the noise and make sure I am 150 percent behind what I am doing and that it is how I want to spend the majority of my waking hours.
STEM Learning STEMs from Transitions. It's Friday as I write and brutally cold out there. As usual, I had so many, too many meetings and my brain is on overload trying to connect the dots of all the learning.
This Is Your Job!. When I started to work with the sales team, I had a pre-training conference call to help them prepare for our work together. I gave them an assignment
Like a Bad Neighbor, Chevron Is There. The federal agency that investigates refinery catastrophes released its final report late last month on the massive fire, volatile vapor release and toxic smoke plume at Chevron's Richmond, Calif., refinery in 2012 that imperiled 19 workers and sickened 15,000 residents of surrounding communities.
Business, Bibles, and Gene Simmons. Gene Simmons is a legend. There's no better way to put it. And in a recent interview on All Business with Jeffrey Hayzlett, I had the opportunity to sit down with the legend himself to learn more about his business.
Critics Make the Best Innovation Evangelists. With every important innovation comes resistance. The more meaningful the innovation, the more resistance you'll meet. And if you don't encounter any resistance, then you're likely doing it wrong
First In, Last Out. We live in a corporate environment that often places great importance on the \First In, Last Out\ philosophy. We hinder ourselves by getting sucked into inefficient work-wormholes and placing competitive pressure on our peers and ourselves. This danger is self-fabricated, our professional Achilles heel.
Women in Business Q&A. Inna Marzan is the definition of the american dream. Born in Russia during very trying times, her family moved a few times and ultimately ended up in the U.S., where her parents hoped to provide a better more stable life for their daughters.
Women in Business Q&A. Donna Moyer is the CEO and co-founder of Preferred HealthStaff, an in home care franchise that goes beyond the traditional services. Moyer has decades of experience in the health care industry.
10 Cities Where Crime Is Plummeting. 
Nonprofit Boardroom Elephants and the 'Nice Guy' Syndrome. Directors need to have passion for the organization's mission. However, they also need to have the prudence to help the nonprofit board perform with professionalism.
Huy Fong CEO Fears New Sriracha Rivals. Heinz and Tabasco launched their own versions of the hot sauce.
Inequality on the Rise? Workers of America Adapt. Hard times are here for many hard working Americans. Today we must adapt to the industrious ethic and shrewd decision-making it takes to get by. But adaptivity takes knowledge, skill and practice. Most of us get stuck in our chronic ways of responding to challenges at work and therefore miss opportunities to get things done and build stronger relations.
Women in Business Q&A. Jayna Cooke, CEO and Partner at EVENTup is distinguished as being one of the most successful sales and business development professionals in technology startups over the past decade. Growth hacking and \just getting it done\ are her specialties.
Women in Business Q&A. Jenny Q. Ta is the founder and CEO of Sqeeqee, the first-of-its-kind social networthing\u2122 site.  Launched in 2014, the site gives individuals, businesses, celebrities, politicians, and non-profit organizations the ability to monetize their profiles in unprecedented ways.
Marketing Problems? Identify the Grey Areas for Solutions. There are opportunities found in every mishap, especially when it cost you big bucks. Get creative by trying to solve your problem without expending a lot of cash. In the beginning, I spent thousands, upon thousands of dollars doing it the wrong way.
BOOM! Stocks Close At Record High. 
Costco Will Stop Accepting AmEx Cards Next Year. 
Behind The UK's Tech Boom. 
Urban Headwinds, Suburban Tailwinds. Although home prices are rising faster in urban neighborhoods, population is growing faster in suburban neighborhoods. Consumer preferences and the aging of the population are tailwinds for suburban growth; so are falling oil prices if they stay low long-term.
7 Steps to Stay Financially Fit in 2015 and Beyond. 
Why Three Is Such an Important Number in Business. Good marketing follows certain universal truths. To succeed in an increasingly skeptical and fragmented marketplace, therefore, it behooves marketers to learn and apply these universal truths to marketing their products. One of the most important \truths\ is the \power of three.\
Maybe The Federal Reserve Has Been Right About The U.S. Economy All Along. Hard as it may be for its legion of economic, political and media critics (and even some of its own members) to accept, the most recent bullish jobs report from the Labor Department looks like a ringing endorsement of Federal Reserve policies and perspectives on the economy.
11 Free Gifts Every Entrepreneur Seeking Success and Balance Should Give Themselves. Sometimes we are so focused on our own beliefs that we forget that the only reason we are in business is because of other people. This is a humble reminder to take the time to get to know the people who are your customers and employees.
Enjoy the Cheap Gas... But Don't Expect it to Last. Don't get too used to it. Unless I'm terribly wrong -- and oil prices have a way of making prognosticators pay -- we're going to see the end of this price slide very soon.
It's Time Canada Did Some Long-term Thinking About Oil. The Bank of Canada would be wise to consider the future we're heading towards. For a petro-economy such as Canada's, where the energy industry and the country's economic well-being are closely linked, the financial risks associated with the pending battle against climate change are much greater than any cyclical downturn in oil prices.
Will the United States End Up Like Greece? The Risks of the Trans-Pacific Partnership. For years people have been running around Washington yelling that the United States was at risk of becoming Greece. There may actually be a basis for such concerns, but not for the reason usually given.
New Leadership Choices. The future of work calls for an overhaul of business and work design. Each company's needs are different, but the overall trend is moving away from 20th-century hierarchies to a wirearchy -- leveraging the power of networks and communities to organize work and responsibilities.
Staples Threatens To Fire Staff For Working More Than 25 Hours A Week. 
Author and Journalist Eric Brach on Why Net Neutrality Matters. In light of the recent debates on tiered access to broadband service and whether telecommunication companies have the right to charge both content providers and home users (as well as the federal government's evolving stance on the issue) I sat down with Eric Brach.
Understanding Short-term Dynamics of Order Execution to Minimize Adverse Selection. When you trade, do you place market orders, limit orders or a combination of both?  Do you or should you care?  The answer is yes, you should care, particularly in today's volatile markets, and this article explains why.
Everything Old Is New Again. The Boomers are being considered the most valuable generation in the history of marketing, and as they age, smart brands will find a way to deliver now-stalgia 
From Uniform & Impersonal to Personalized and Targeted. Sports consumption is inherently personal, and ESPN has leveraged this to provide greater relevance for their user and a greater audience for their own content.
Matching Organizational Capabilities to Design Execution. \Seat of the pants\ decision-making accounts for 90 percent of an organization's frontline actions, while 10 percent reflects their stated strategic intent. Therefore, those in the organizational frontline trenches might be forgiven for wondering
New as a Leader? Avoid These Three Common Mistakes. When just starting out as a new or even inexperienced leader, it is smart to accept that you probably will make some mistakes. Even though it's difficult, dare to show your vulnerability and be open towards your team that this might happen.
5 Ways To Get To Know The Customer Of Tomorrow. Good news
Business Gains Are Doubled When They're Done With Love. If you're focused on the profit of your work, things are only good when there's a profit. But, if you're passionate about the purpose of your work, you can always look in the mirror and be proud of your day.
Tuscaloosa Marine Shale Fracking Slows as Operators Watch Oil Prices. When crude oil prices sank this winter, companies scaled back their fracking plans in the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale deposit, running from central and southeast Louisiana into Mississippi. Exploration and drilling is mostly on hiatus there until crude rebounds, industry members said last week.
The Search for a New Nonprofit CEO Needs To Be Realistic. Boardmember.com in its October 11, 2012 issue carries an op-ed item by Nathan Bennett and Stephen Miles titled, \Is your Board About to Pick the Wrong CEO.\ Although targeted to for-profit boards, all of the five items listed can be applied to nonprofit boards. Following are my applications to nonprofit boards.
Women in Business Q&A. Sarah DaVanzo is a cultural strategist, trendspotter and futurist to the world's leading brands and advertising agencies. She is trail-blazing the development of a new marketing specialty called \cultural strategy\, where she is researching, designing and piloting cultural insights and cultural strategy methodologies. She has three patents.
Women in Business Q&A. We Tie The Knots co-founder Christyn Wilkins thrives on the rewarding feeling of \creating something out of nothing.\ The desire to be a pioneer--the first to do something and break traditional boundaries--were early indicators that this Georgia-raised entrepreneur with a knack for entertaining, would one day launch a business of her own.
The Secrets of Publishing Success. When I started out, an author friend warned me that publishing was a crazy business, and he was right.  Ever since my first book was published in 1990, I've been seeing news items about one scary trend or another.
Most Recommended Marketing Tools By Pro Bloggers. Most successful bloggers are not only great storytellers. They know the best and most effective tools of the trade too.
Some Recent Letters on Downsizing and Mortgage Lender Mistakes. In pricing loans used to purchase a home, lenders distinguish three possible uses of the property. Mortgages used to purchase a house that the purchasers intend to occupy as their primary residence get the best price.
7 Ways Your Content Could Turn Away a Visitor. Fortunately, bounce rates can be reduced. There are several common content problems that turn users away, and understanding them can help you improve your content to retain the greatest possible audience.
A Look at the Future of Web Businesses. Every business is different, so keep your head in the game, and make sure what is best for your business isn't only a factor of your perceived bottom line.
Why Do Some Borrowers Pay Higher Mortgage Interest Rates Than Others?. I have been examining the CFPB tool to see how well it meets this challenge, and will report on it next week. This article lays the groundwork by looking at the different sources of rate differences.
Women in Business Q&A. Asha Sharma is the Chief Operating Officer of Porch.com. In this role Asha is responsible for building a truly great company that employees and customers love and achieves the company's mission.
The Cult Of Wegmans Just Helped The Grocer Beat Amazon. 
Women in Business Q&A. Betsy Myers is the founding director of The Center for Women and Business at Bentley University. Prior to her appointment, Myers was a senior adviser to Barack Obama's presidential campaign, as COO and as chair of Women for Obama.
Greece and the U.S. Senate. The re-shuffle of the last U.S. election that put austerity-minded Republicans in power has ironically resulted in a new anti-austerity economist being hired by Senator Bernie Sanders in the Senate Budget Committee.
Anti-Tesla States Jabbed With Luddite 'Award'. 
Hot and on Demand Parking Service ZIRX CEO Sean Behr Shares His 15 Year Entrepreneurship Journey. The sharing economy is on the rise. We've seen a big shift in the markets of public transportation and accommodation because of the likes of Uber and Airbnb respectively.
Why Successful CEOs Must Think Like the Janitor. Thinking like the janitor can have a profound impact on how you are viewed as a leader. This shift in perception can simultaneously increase morale and overall productivity, which leads to an increase in profits.
Davos & Disruption Done Right. Women are still most definitely outsiders in places that matter, not least in finance. And we saw last fall what a Wall Street outsider can uncover, just the latest woman in finance to blow the whistle.
5 Formalized Referral Systems to Grow Your Sales. Here are several potential referral systems to spark you to think about how you can design a formalized referral system (or systems) to help you grow your business.  The key is that these are systematic, automatic, reliably run processes that you use to generate referral business versus \one off\ individual efforts.
The Landlord Philanthropist. The idea of a philanthropic landlord is a mind-bending oxymoron. But the man who turned commercial real estate into a tool for philanthropy says the basic concept is simple.
8 Tips to Stay Out of Email Hell at Work. Experts provide these eight tips for making sure your workplace inbox doesn't get you shoved out the door -- or at least doesn't make your colleagues want to immediately delete your emails.
Building Brand Advocacy From the Inside Out. To engage employees and inspire them to become ambassadors for your brand, approach them as you would your most valued consumers.
Don't Panic! Using Social Media in a Crisis. Social media engagement is, still, often not the default approach for many companies, organisations and governments, but by having robust processes and networks in place early and the social-by-default instincts ready, they can maintain their place in the conversations that otherwise go on around them.
Are People Using Apple Pay, Other Mobile Payments?. New technology that lets us pay for things with our phones sounds pretty amazing, right? It's convenient. It's easy to use. It could revolutionize the way we pay for things, making cash and credit cards obsolete. So now that the technology is here, everyone should be clamoring to use it, right?
6 Fempreneurs Who Built a Business From Their Backpack. Frustrated that the only opportunity you have to travel is during your daily commute to work? Bored of your monotonous 9-to-5? There's a new wave of female entrepreneurs proving that it is possible to combine a successful career with full time travel.
Is Your Messy Desk a Sign of a Cluttered Mind?. Are you cluttered or creative if your desk looks like an F5 tornado rumbled through? HR managers in the U.S. are split on their attitudes toward messy desks at the office.
Organized Labor Showing Signs of Life. On Sunday, when 3,800 members of the United Steelworkers (USW) walked off their jobs at nine oil refineries across the country (including two in my home state of California), it marked the first national oil refinery strike in more than three decades, going all the way back to 1980.  Congratulations, USW.  With this strike, organized labor is finally showing signs of life.
The Gentle Strength of Mindful Leadership. Let's face it, you don't typically get hired so you can be nice. You get hired to get things done. This is especially true as you climb higher up the corporate ladder.
Pete Carroll, SNL's Leslie Jones and Career Lessons. Leslie Jones might have appreciated the comments of ESPN's Colin Cowherd in defense of Pete Carroll the day after the Super Bowl. He spoke movingly about the inability for anyone to be perfect at all times yet the ease and ability of so many others to expect it. He gave Carroll a pass.
Amazon May Take Over Some RadioShack Stores. Au revoir, RadioShack.
When Big Business Fails the Little Guy. Big Business, you know who you are, you've really let us down. But, you haven't just let me down, I could handle that. Instead, you are letting down a whole bunch of people.
How Three Consumer Brands Helped Dads and Kids Score a Touchdown on Super Bowl Sunday. Three consumer brands helped dads and kids score a touchdown on Super Bowl Sunday. Nissan, Toyota, and Dove Men+Care focused their annual Super Bowl campaigns on celebrating dads.
A Freedom Seeker's First Impressions of China. Becoming more open, more free, is always a risk to a democracy. And by democracy, I don't mean simply giving residents of a fascist regime some voting mechanisms as we've seen in the Middle East and elsewhere, I mean creating the open pathways of expression that are the hallmarks of a truly free society.
GoDaddy and High Speed Marketing. Within a matter of minutes, GoDaddy went from having a carefully crafted Super Bowl spot to having a major PR disaster. By moving quickly, GoDaddy limited the damage. This is how brand managers need to approach marketing today.
FCC Petition for Investigation and Complaint Against Time Warner Cable and Comcast. The Public Interest has been tarnished, stained and harmed and it is time for a course correction of oversight, accurate data, investigations and enforcement of the laws. It is time to not only re-evaluate the public policies that govern communications services in America, but fix what's broken -- finally.
Taking Your Startup Public Is Fraught With Negatives. In the old days, every entrepreneur dreamed of easily taking their startup public, and making it big. Today the rate of startups going public (IPO -- Initial Public Offering) is up from the dead zone, but is still less than half the rate of 15 years ago. Smart entrepreneurs now avoid this option like the plague.
My Super Bowl Victory in Weight Loss. They say it is hard to repeat as Super Bowl champion but in the weight loss Super Bowl, I plan to rack up two in a row. Then a lifetime after that.
What Top Financial Consultants Think Every Entrepreneur Should Know about Overseas Living. There's a \secret\ just for entrepreneurs that top financial consultants are eager to share
How Can Nonprofit Boards Overcome the Inertia of Certain Directors?. Process directors are well-intentioned, sincere individuals. However, the board has to be careful that these directors don't allow the board to continually examine one angle after another until they lose sight of the board's main job.
Women in Business Q&A. Jan Jones Blackhurst is Executive Vice President of Communications, Government Relations and Corporate Responsibility for Caesars Entertainment. In this capacity, she oversees all worldwide government affairs, corporate communications, community relations and corporate-social responsibility programs for the entire company.
Women in Business Q&A. Dawn Fotopulos is the associate professor of business at The King's College,  the founder of BestSmallBizHelp.com and author of Accounting for the Numberphobic
Why Aren't All Commercials As Good As The Super Bowl Ones?. When we contrast Super Bowl ads with normal ads we learn a powerful business lesson
Women in Business Q&A. Stacy Doren joined the company in 1999 and currently serves as the Vice President of Marketing for Levi's Brand, Americas. Over the years she has gained a breadth of experiences working in all aspects of Marketing from Direct-to-Consumer to Wholesale to Brand, both Globally and Regionally.
Women in Business Q&A. La Mer was established in 2001 when Martine rummaged through her jewelry drawer and could not find a simple, stylish and feminine watch to wear. Combining her passion for design, love of quality materials and simple beauty, La Mer Collections was born.
The Richest County In Each State. 
32 Effective Formats to Package Your Systems. Have you ever been frustrated that your staff has ignored the step-by-step systems you created to lead them through a defined process? Well maybe the problem isn't with your staff, but instead it lies with how you packaged the process you created.
Shake Shack Soars In First Few Minutes Of Trading. 
Have a Bite of Humble Pie Before Heading to the Office. Finally, just a few months ago, Tavenner said of the website that we should expect \visible improvement, but not perfection.\ That is the sort of humility we should have been hearing all along.
How To Become A 401(k) Millionaire. 
A Race Against Time. The year 2015 may yet produce solid returns for investors in US stocks.  However, it's looking more and more likely that TINA (\There Is No Alternative\), more than any other factor, will be responsible rather than strong earnings growth.
Fed Upgrades The Economy, But Will Be 'Patient' Raising Rates. 
What Makes Bill Gates Feel 'Stupid'. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
One In 5 American Kids Are On Food Stamps. Here's more evidence that the economic recovery isn't benefitting the people who need it most
Team Geographically Dispersed? Leverage All Senses to Keep Connected. Live beats visual beats audio beats written. Move up the communication chain as much and as frequently as you can and leverage different tools across different senses to bridge the remaining gaps.
Do You Work With a Credit Hog?. Every one of us has a strong bias to remember events in a light that is most favorable to us. This drill exposes that bias and makes us consider the possibility that someone else's perspective is closer to the truth.
Women in Business Q&A. Star Jones is President of Professional Diversity Network. A former Senior District Attorney for the City of New York, she previously served as an NBC News Legal Correspondent and Analyst over the last two decades. From 1997 to 2006, she was co-host of ABC's hit daytime show The View.
Rupert Murdoch, Are You OK?. What is the billionaire media magnate trying to tell us?
Great News For Obamacare. 
Would an Attorney General Loretta Lynch End 'Too Big to Jail'?. On Jan. 28, 2015, the Senate Judiciary Committee opens two days of hearings to consider President Obama's nomination of Loretta Lynch to be Attorney General of the United States. Here are some questions that senators should ask to make sure that size no longer shields a company from the rule of law.
Gold-Rush Era Nuggets Stolen From Wells Fargo Museum. 
How to Really Connect With Customers. To click with customers in a way that sticks with them, think of every interaction as the ultimate first impression. If your brand was at a party, would people be drawn and completely engrossed in conversation, or would they be hiding behind the bean dip?
This Map Reveals Just How Unequal The So-Called Recovery Is. 
No Time to Waste in Letting Public, Lawmakers Know About Fast Track. Not everyone is aware of the consequences that a quick up-or-down vote on the 12-nation Pacific Rim trade deal will bring. It will devastate not only wage earners, but their families as well.
Women in Business Q&A. 
Cadbury's Chocolate Will No Longer Be Imported From The U.K. And Everyone Is Depressed. 
Here's Why Uber Is Tripling Prices During A State Of Emergency. 
. 
After March 2, Reverse Mortgage Borrowers Will Have to Prove They Are Not Deadbeats. Applicants with plenty of equity in their homes might find that the fully-funded Set-Aside imposes no burden on them at all, in which case the underwriting costs could be avoided. There is no reason why lenders and borrowers should not have that option.
Bottom In Sight For U.S. Gas Prices. The end of a months-long slide in gas prices may be near.
Women in Business Q&A. Jean Shafiroff, philanthropist, is actively involved as a volunteer fundraiser and leader of several charitable causes. Her managerial skills, compassion, generosity and enthusiastic dedication are among her strongest traits.
Women in Business Q&A. Perhaps it was destiny that Linda would come to be a creative director. Raised in an artistic collaboration between her parents, a French fashion designer and an Italian Pastry Chef, she was exposed to line, drama, precision and movement before she could hold a crayon.
Faizolhardi Zubairy. What's the main formula for career growth and advancement? While there's no one-size-fits-all formula, Faizolhardi Zubairy, Head the Digital Media at PETRONAS Dagangan Berhad, shares his journey.
Millions of Americans Miss One of the LARGEST Tax Benefits Every Year - Are You One?. According to the IRS one in every four eligible taxpayers do not claim their Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC). This often overlooked tax credit is also one of the largest credits available to taxpayers. This year, the maximum EITC is $6,143 and that is a LOT of money to leave on the table.
Microsoft's Brad Smith. 
'Bankers Building Houses Is Not Necessarily The Best Use Of Their Time'. 
'It's About A Sense Of Meaning'. 
Global Travel Needs to Be Part of the Solution. Our world is ready for this. It might be easy to say \not now,\ but shouldn't we be looking for the moonshot idea that will make travel more secure and more accessible?
Ron Bruder. 
Women in Business Q&A. Kimberly Gordon is CEO & co-founder of Depict. An artist at heart with the grey matter of an economist, she started Depict to crack open the visual art world to people and provide increased economic value to artists. On a day-to-day basis, Kimberly is responsible for the development, execution and overall strategy and vision of the company.
Eugene Kaspersky. 
Fadi Chehade Explains The 'Powerful' Innovations Surrounding Domain Names Today. 
How Can Businesses Build Trust?. Putting in place a new settlement on trust will not be easy. It will take time, commitment, hard work and investment.
How Can Businesses Build Trust?. Putting in place a new settlement on trust will not be easy. It will take time, commitment, hard work and investment.
States Where The Middle Class Is Dying. 
Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan CEO, Gets Millions In Cash Bonus. 
The Single Greatest Mistake Investors Make. Rather than fixate on recent history and extrapolate it into the future, you must abandon this natural tendency. And as I said earlier you also need to analyze the conditions that allowed for those returns to see whether they are still relevant to today's market.
The Global Economy and the U.S. Real Estate Market. Since America is not immune to the impact of global economic and political trends, it may not be the case that the current rosy growth projections will ultimately be realized.
Are You Blind to What You Do Best?. When it comes to achieving your potential at work, are you making success harder than it needs to be? Researchers estimate that two-thirds of us have no idea what our strengths are, and yet a growing body of evidence suggests developing our strengths at work is key to unleashing our personal and professional success.
Should Banks Be Allowed to Robocall Your Mobile Phone?. According to the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, it's illegal to robocall a mobile phone number without permission. The American Bankers Association wants to change that, arguing that robocalls will help fight identity theft and other kinds of fraud.
Could Coffee Be an Apt Symbol for Innovation?. In today's connected world where kids may text each other even when they are walking side by side, the age old charm of conversations over coffee still hold its relevance.
Davos Awakenings. There is a story of catatonic patients who briefly wake up after being injected with a trial drug, before returning to catatonia. The same awakening could be true for the gathering of elite business leaders every year in Davos at the World Economic Forum.
Rabbi David Rosen. 
Businessweek's Abercrombie Cover Is Really... Something. 
Rinkins Report. Nobody wants to be used. So your networks must benefit everyone involved. Service to others and sharing resources are the glue that holds networks together. My rule of thumb is to reach out to people in your network periodically.
European Central Bank Launches 1 Trillion Euro Stimulus. 
The Trouble with Broadcasting in a Social World. Today, as a marketer, you're competing for customers' hearts and minds in the context of their newsfeeds, where they're getting the information that they care most about -- friend's messages and topics they've chosen to follow.
The Key to Infographic Marketing. Remember to \Make It Visual\ if you want your audience to remember the information about your company's products or services. You don't have to be a professional designer either.
Davos 2015. Don't just think of Russian troops in Ukraine. Think also of North Korean hackers pillaging the Sony computer systems. In 2015 conflict can take many forms.
Tootsie Roll CEO Dies At 95. 
The Great Million-Dollar Candidate. A question that comes up frequently is, \What makes a great million dollar candidate?\ So here are three attributes that hiring companies and Executive Recruiters look for in \A\ (the best) candidates.
Omni-Personal is What Makes Omni-Channel Retail Truly Disruptive. Much has been said about Omni-Channel being retail's most recent disruptive boost.  The approach, which leverages the power of technology and data to deliver consumers products and services across channels, has made retailers smarter and more nimble.
Women in Business Q&A. After competing in the 2014 Olympic Winter Games, Grete turned to another passion of hers -- the security space -- joining the Wickr team as head of marketing efforts for the company.
Noreen Marian Bautista. 
5 Tips for a Mindful 2015. The start of another year -- a great time to check on the state of your mindful leadership practice! At the Institute we talk about three key practices we employ to develop our focus, clarity, creativity, and compassion.
The Advisory Boutique. The boutique approach presented here combines the advantages and attractiveness of an independent advisory boutique. The boutique benefits from the organization, strength, influence and reach of a major bank.
REPORT. 
Like Athletes, Business Owners Need to Learn From the Past. Business owners and top executives can also \watch their tapes\ and gain insight from their stats in order to increase sales and make more money. But a recent survey by Pepperdine University finds that a third or more of small businesses aren't doing basic financial analysis.
How to Develop the Next Generation of Innovators. What if we are going about jump-starting our own economy the wrong way? I'm not talking about any political party. I'm talking about our modest sensibilities
15 Exercises to Pump Up Your Leadership Skills. You take yourself to the gym... so why not strengthen your leadership \muscles\ too? Coaching executives and aspiring leaders across many roles, industries and geographies over many years, I've prepped for you a quick-hit list of 15 exercises to help build your leadership muscles.
Women in Business Q&A. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
Declining Population Could Be Hit To Global Economy. 
Dazzling Customers in an Era of Extreme Expectations. Across industries, across geographies, and across all demographics, companies are no longer winning consumer love against category competitors. Today the battle for consumer loyalty is against companies in any category that define excellent service, lightning fast responses, and bespoke experiences.
Women in Business Q&A. Elizabeth Scherle is the Co-Founder and President of Influenster, the free and unique digital community of consumers shaping the lifestyle marketplace through user-generated, expert social opinion and content.
#FiveWordsToRuinAJobInterview Reveals What Never To Say When Applying For Work. 
Falling in Love With the Mission and Other Sage Advice for a First Time Nonprofit Director. Fundraising should be a joint responsibility between the CEO and board members who are comfortable with the process. At the very least, each board member should feel responsible to provide leads and introductions to potential funding sources.
Bill Gates, Goldie Hawn Discuss The Importance Of Thriving At 2014's World Economic Forum. 
Elon Musk Wants To Bring The Internet To Space. \u201cOur focus is on creating a global communications system that would be larger than anything that has been talked about to date.\
You Need to Know. Do you think we should throw tipping out the door? Or is it essential to keep your restaurant running? Here's what you need to know about the debate on tipping.
10 Most Hated Companies In America. To be truly hated, a company must alienate a large number of people.
10 Most Hated Companies In America. To be truly hated, a company must alienate a large number of people.
To the CEO of Aetna. Cynics will point out that while Aetna may be a first mover in the health care industry, the total cost of Bertolini's announcement is chump change.  Aetna's profits weigh in at about $2 billion per year.
Struggling Sears Canada Offers Help To Laid-Off Target Workers. \u201cYou have Sears trying to swoop in and prey on the emotions of people who just lost their jobs.\u201d
9 Cars That Disappeared In 2014. 
Women in Business Q&A. Lauren Bigelow has served as the CEO of the Growth Capital Network (GCN) since 2010. With this platform, Lauren and her team have managed programs for the innovation and entrepreneurial community including the Accelerate Michigan Innovation Competition, the Midwest Greentech Entrepreneur Academy and the Midmarket Capital Survey.
Women in Business Q&A. A certified holistic nutritionist, health coach and entrepreneur, Ginny Simon founded ginnybakes in 2010 creating outrageously delicious fresh baked cookies, brownies, biscotti, bars and do-it-yourself bake mixes that are gluten-free, organic, non-GMO, vegan, paleo and kosher.
10 Keys to Turning Business Systems Into More Profit. Successful entrepreneurs often start with a \random\ idea, but they quickly focus their efforts and follow a \system\ to organize their startup and maximize the clout of their activities. Too many entrepreneur \wannabes\ never get past the idea stage, or strike out randomly in many directions.
Top Ideas On Climate Change From 2014's Davos. 
The New World of Cutthroat Apps. There's a new crop of apps intensifying competition among brick-and-mortar retailers by giving consumers a faster means of comparison and more advanced personalization. What this means is that businesses have to deal with the linear change of ever-increasing consumer options.
Four Telltale Signs You a Control Freak and How You Can Get off the \John Doe Control Freak Show\. The common justification of the control freak is they want to make sure everything is as good or as successful as possible. It's one thing to be concerned and make sure things go well.
Chipotle Doesn't Know When Carnitas Shortage Will End. The hottest fast food chain in the country has been out of a key menu item for four days at hundreds of its restaurants.
Swiss National Bank. The market reaction was brutal, punishing the Euro and every foreign exchange and options trader on the wrong side of this trade. Some forex trading firms will go under. Foreign exchange trading desks within banks are, of course, part of ongoing unwilling taxpayer largesse.
The Best Way To Deal With A Horrible Boss. 
4 Marketing Strategies for the Home Maintenance Industry. Developing a marketing strategy for any small business is a difficult task. Each industry has its own requirements when it comes to reaching out to customers, and that is no different for home maintenance companies.
The 14 Principles of a Future Organization. We are seeing an amazing evolution around how we work, how we lead and how we structure our companies.
Listen Up. Welcome to 2015 -- now is a good time to examine the financial changes that will impact you in the days ahead. And it's mostly good news -- some of these changes can put more money in your pocket in 2015.
How to Measure Success Naturally. When I look to align myself with the concept of success I see revealed in nature, a much different analogy comes to mind. It is that of the life of a rose. It seems to me that the rose has won its place in the Winner's Circle because it has so much to teach us.
Chipotle Pork Shortage Is Proof Of A Larger Problem Facing The Food Industry. \u201cWe would rather not serve pork at all, than serve pork from animals that are raised in this way.\u201d
Why Great Salespeople Fail. Sales results are about two things
The Ultimate Guide to Growth Hacking. SEO. Social Media. Content marketing. They are all popular forms of marketing to drive traffic. Even so, if you think that you have all of your bases covered, if you are not yet leveraging the power of growth hacking, you are leaving a portion of your customer base untapped.
How Microsoft Brewed Compelling Enterprise Marketing with Great Storytelling. Microsoft's Dynamics product is a line of enterprise resource planning and customer relationship management software applications. Not exactly the type of content you'd search for on YouTube. But the product line's creative marketing team has been able to get viewers to do just that.
Why Human Connectivity Wins Over Data. Focusing on where our humanity intersects with data is the future of work.  Bringing the human element back into work will inevitably pay off in the bottom line as well. Reclaiming that is what all companies and individuals need to focus on in our world today.
The Death of Email. The complete elimination of email is highly unlikely, at least for the foreseeable future, however some companies are embarking on a journey to do just that, at least for internal communication and collaboration purposes.
Be Brief or Be Dismissed As a Leader. Leaders think strategically, understand the critical link between focus and clarity, and appreciate the value of time. So fewer and fewer are inclined to let others waste their time. Brevity has become a basic communication skill for professionals. Here are six best practices as a leader:
How to Keep Calm and Carry on When You Feel Ignored. When you've tried so hard to address team members' emotional hurdles to accepting change and walked them through how to apply the change to their work situation, your blood can start boiling when you still don't see the desired results.
From Test to Taste. The coffee you depend on to start your day is even more complex and nuanced than you realize.
Strange But True 2015 Marketing Predictions. Late last year I reached out to some folks from the world of marketing and advertising and asked them not just for their prediction for the coming year, but to also align said prediction with a pop culture reference in the form of a song title, song lyric, movie title or movie quote.
It Takes a Crowd. I believe crowdfunding can transform (and improve!) venture and other \private market\ investing in a number of ways.
'Breastaurants' Thrive As The Restaurant Industry Struggles. Serve that burger with a side of cleavage, and the crowds come pouring in.
4 Ways the Free Market Has Wall Street on Its Heels. The human genius has come to the rescue and has practically put a nail in the coffin by creating technology that has Wall Street more frightened than ever.
Ralph Lauren's Native American Ads Reveal Sad Truth About The Fashion World. 
Social Media and PR Event Digital Marketing Success. Facebook-promoted posts helped Loessfest 2014 in Council Bluffs, Iowa beat attendance goals by driving website traffic, raising awareness and reinforcing messaging through traditional radio promotion.
Investing Facts You Probably Don't Know. Consider these investing facts, which may cause you to dump your \market-beating\ broker, fundamentally change the way you invest and increase the possibility of reaching your goal of retiring with dignity.
A Peek Inside a Luxury Brand Manual. I guess someone hasn't been paying close attention to the uncommon customer lately. C'mon marketers, it's time to re-write the luxury brand manual - please.
Disconnect From Your Smartphone and Rest Your Mind. As the New Year ushers in a time for us to reflect on our past, it also allows us to think about ways to refresh our minds with new, creative ideas.
Corporate Violence as Crime. Under American law, criminal prosecutions serve dual, mutually reinforcing purposes
A Different Type of Attack on Minority Rights in Texas. When it comes to the issue of \minority rights,\ thoughts immediately wander to race, gender, age, or sexual preference.  In the state of Texas, there is a different type of minority rights battle at stake and the war over it went all the way to the Texas Supreme Court.
Payday Lenders Are Using The Internet To Evade State Law. 
Five Social Media Predictions for 2015. The successful convergence of context, content and targeting involves moving away from traditional segmentation, that forces people into static buckets, and towards technology that gets to know people better. This will seriously impact how marketers think about their customers and audiences.
Cherishing the Kid Inside All of Us to Create Amazing Customer Experience. The word magic takes me down memory lane, watching magic shows as a child was a roller coaster of delight, curiosity, wonderment, surprise and intrigue -- all rolled into one. For me, magic is a personal experience to cherish and the kid in me was overjoyed to observe its cross over to the professional side -- thanks to Steve Jobs.
Women in Business Q&A. Niki Acosta is the Director of Evangelism at Metacloud, a company that delivers private infrastructure as a service based on the popular and open source cloud platform, OpenStack. As an active OpenStack participant, tweeter, and blogger, she has become a recognized name in the cloud industry.
Women in Business Q&A. As the first employee and only female partner at 72andSunny, Evin is a pillar of the agency and has led its evolution since Day 1.
The Job Market Is Still Years Away From A Full Recovery. 
Women in Business Q&A. Christine Wheeler is the founder and CEO of Drazil Foods, which produces Drazil Kids Tea, the first ready-to-drink herbal tea & juice blend for kids.  Christine spent most of her career in Consumer Packaged Goods, mainly at Procter & Gamble.
Women in Business Q&A. As President of Rosetta Stone's Global E&E division since October 2011, Judy is responsible for all institutional business across all geographies.  Judy has extensive experience across business, government, education and consumer sectors in technology, education and communications industries.
The Poorest County In Each State. 
The Power of Personal Storytelling in Design and Innovation. Successful leaders need also to be excellent storytellers, for if they do not successfully tell their own story and control the narrative, then the press, their costumers or their competitors surely will.
SpaceX Rocket Launches Space Cargo, But Crash Lands. 
9 Money Mistakes We All Make In Our 20s And How To Avoid Them. 
7 Career Lessons Learned The Hard Way. A successful career is a difficult and time-consuming journey. My hope is that these principles will help you avoid a few bumps along the way.
The Art of the Redesign. CEOs and business owners often come to me for advice on doing a business makeover -- or, as it's called in the business world, a turnaround. One of the first things I do is show them the work of my wife.
5 Reasons to Start Meditating in 2015. Most people that start meditating do it for the materialistic versus spiritual reasons. I know I did. It astounds me to this day the amount of business success that is attributed to meditation, and more importantly, the lessons you can apply directly to the business world.
32 Data Breaches Larger Than Sony's in the Past Year. The Sony Hack was not even one of the ten largest hacks of 2014. Though large, it actually only ranks as the 33rd largest of the year in terms of number of records breached. EBay actually suffered the largest data breach of 2014 (and the second largest since 2005) with more than 150 million records compromised.
Create an Environment for Your Ultimate Success. Do you ever find yourself wondering why you can't seem to uplevel your lifestyle and surrounds as fast as you wish you could?
Those Slow to Adopt New Technology Often Benefit Most from It. In a time-tested CIO article, Stephanie Overby wrote, \When the first wheel was rolled out in 3000 B.C., just a handful of Mesopotamians had enough insight and risk tolerance to give it a whirl while others looked on from a safe distance.\ And today, the same phenomenon exists.
Productive Flexibility. You can often adapt good ideas from the most surprising industries. For example, I have a friend who likes to read webcomics in his spare time, and he's always complaining because his favorite comics grind to a halt while the artists have to deal with life's unexpected curves.
National Thank You Month. In our digital world, there is something magical about getting a stamped letter with our name written on the front. The best part is that with the right supplies, the entire process takes less than five minutes.
2015. As a telecom analyst for over 30+ years, I've been tracking the trend lines of communications services. And from the customer perspective -- your perspective -- 2015 will be like watching a train wreck in slow motion -- and continue over the next few years.
Jakrapong Kongmalai. By following your passion, you'll be able to find yourself in a situation where you don't have to choose between your career and lifestyle but be able to enjoy both.
Why Self-Promotion Isn't a Dirty Word. Whether it's a fear of putting yourself forward or not wanting to be seen as bragging, the idea that promoting yourself is a bad thing is at odds with the reality that people are looking for thought leaders and role models.
Private Student Loan Business Declares War on Borrowers. When unemployment, illness or a divorce force consumers to choose between paying the rent or a student loan, private loan servicers insist on full payment. So begins the chronic slide into bad credit, nasty collection calls, and eventual lawsuits.
Chinese Consumer Confidence and China's Economy in 2015. In any country, but most of all China, anxiety is unproductive. Although the jury is still out on the Chinese government's incremental reform agenda, the people support their leader. And regard him as a force of stability.
Work The Way You Know it is Dead. I don't mean that work doesn't exist and that we should all just drop what we are doing and quit our jobs. In fact, far from it.
Redefining Success in 2015. Pick an element of what it means to be successful and W. Brett Wilson has likely achieved it. He is one of Canada's most financially successful and well-known businessmen, he is an Order of Canada recipient, a best-selling author, and former television star of Dragon's Den, the Canadian hit series precursor to ABC's Shark Tank.
My Biggest Leadership Win. To truly lead in the world and create the results you want in all areas of your life, it will require you to create conscious shifts and become the leader of your future.
8 Bold Predictions for Digital Marketing in 2015. The silver lining in this is that the brands that have minor to tremendous success will double or triple down on content marketing. The overall content marketing economy will continue to grow, even though some laggard and late majority brands will bow out.
9 Tips for Making Your Blog Better in 2015. New year, new outlook. The flipping of the calendar from 2014 to 2015 gives us all a chance to reboot and rethink. So why not take a fresh look at your blog? Here are nine tips that'll put your blog on the right track in 2015 and beyond.
The LinkedIn of Things. Without question, LinkedIn has forever altered the business landscape -- both digitally and in the physical world. Nowadays, so much of what we call business or career development is carried out regularly on this site.
Legal Challenges to a Contract's 'Fine Print'. Contractual \fine print,\ frequently called boilerplate, involves so-called standardized provisions that may surprise a party to the contract or are considered to unfairly favor a party. Based upon the specific facts, one or more of the following legal challenges to fine print may be successful.
Why Pay Secrecy Needs to End. Instead of spending more time and money on keeping pay information secret, how about administering pay correctly so that there is nothing that needs to be kept secret?
3 Unique and Unusual Tips to Be Financially Fit in 2015. Whenever you read articles on becoming financially fit, you read about budgets, planning, monitoring and other boring crap. Worry not, I won't mention any of these terms.
10 Essential Tips for B2B Marketing in a Digital Economy. Not long ago, a sale needed some sort of human interaction -- even with the web. Now, from fact-finding to brand-relationship building, your customers rely on the Internet to do it all.
Leadership and Transparency 2015. By the time \trends\ get mentioned in new year forecast blog posts, they can be a little more \old\ than \news.\ Though forward motion is always worth celebrating, change usually happens more slowly.
Women in Business Q&A. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
DOW PLUNGES. Another plunge in the price of oil is driving stocks sharply lower in afternoon trading.
U.S. Real Estate Predictions for 2015. When it comes to all things related real estate, some real estate forecasters have labeled the housing market in 2015 to be nothing short of mysterious.
Helping a Person Live Like They Were Dying. Lori sought a medical solution to help her lose weight and the solution caused her body to die. I've been fortunate that my weight loss surgery has been a success in its first month and that maybe the medical world has found a solution that works for people like me. The attempt with diet pills was definitely not the answer.
5 Key Essentials Needed for Business Success. Looking to start or grow a small business and find some small measure of success? Be sure to keep the following five elements in mind as you go about drafting a game plan -- each essential to achieve your goals for the business.
What to Expect When the New Nonprofit CEO Is a Millennial. The nonprofit's CEO, a baby boomer or genXer, is about to retire or leave for another position. The board has engaged a new CEO a millennial person born after 1980. * His/h age is probably late 30s or possibly early 40s. What changes can the board expect from this new professional?
They're Back. 
Piketty. \u201cHe told me, \u2018I love everything that\u2019s in your book, but I don\u2019t want to pay more tax.'\
Learning Matters. As we dive into the new year with renewed vigor, stop for a moment and take stock of your habits.  Are you failing enough?  If all of your efforts are resulting in home runs, you might need to play a bigger game, a game based on your powerful identity.
Women in Business Q&A. Janell is the cofounder and managing director of Loxa Beauty. She began her career as \na project manager at Alt & Witzig Engineering in Indianapolis and after more than four years with the leading engineering firm in the Midwest, Shaffer took on the role as marketing manager of Vision Builders, LLC.
The 10 Safest States In America. 
Expert Witness. Class action lawyers have an incentive to win and to keep a case moving forward, but traditional law firms have done some first class work, too. Likewise, some class action law firms have mismanaged cases and floundered their way to a loss for their client.
Whole Foods Fights To Keep Corporate Board 'Clubby'. 
The Most Dangerous States In America. 
Business Innovation. Of all the buzzwords utilized in business today, innovation and disruption rank among the most popular. What you may be surprised to learn is that they also rank among the most widely misunderstood. Were you to look up either term's definition, you may be surprised what you'd find -- and the resulting implications.
Women in Business Q&A. When the bug bit her, Nawal Motawi's life changed forever. Armed with a BFA in Ceramics and Figure Sculpture from the School of Art & Design at the University of Michigan, she was glad to have a job with one of America's most renowned centers of its kind.
Women in Business Q&A. Growing up as the niece of Janis Joplin, Malyn Joplin accepted she had deep, significant roots in music history, but constantly struggled to find a deeper spiritual connection to her famous Aunt. A bold move out to California sparked a creative nerve in Malyn and drew her to fashion.
Office Etiquette. Channel your burst of New Year's enthusiasm by investing some time in building relationships with those you interact with on a daily basis. Your positive energy may have a ripple effect as your acts of kindness inspire others to do the same.
Are You In It to Win It or In It Not to Lose?. Aspiring leaders have a vision, which is divergent from the past. We certainly can extrapolate essential learnings from past leaders. Leaders though start movements, they change the status quo, they listen to consumers and they have a vision. Their vision requires followers.
Minimum Wage Increases Breaking Out All Over!. By now, about 60 percent of the workforce is covered by minimum wages above the federal level. What with all these sub-national increases, do we even need a federal minimum wage anymore?
3 Steps to Create MAGIC in 2015. The new year is here. It is a point in time where many of us stop, reflect on the past year and see what changes could be made in the new year to make the next year better than the previous one. Here are three steps to consider if you want to create MAGIC in the new year.
Don't Be A Product Leader Still Failing In Business. In building successful businesses, I find that creating a new and innovative product or service is usually the easy part. The hard part is providing the leadership required to align and motivate all the constituents and players -- from engineers, to investors, vendors, and ultimately customers. Great entrepreneurs are not just idea people and then managers, they are extraordinary leaders.
North Korea Sanctions Must Target Regime To Bruise Economy. 
Revlon CEO Sued For Alleged Racist, Anti-Semitic And Anti-American Comments. 
Incarceration and Communication. What is the impact on American cultural and social relationships when we, as a nation, allow corporations to profit from incarcerating more and more of our very own citizens?
Women in Business Q&A. How has your life experience made you the leader you are today? \This is an ongoing process. I try hard to be 'always learning.'\
The Year 2014 for Organized Labor. It's something of a disgrace to have to admit that things have been so bad for organized labor for such a long time, that unless something truly horrendous or headline-grabbing happens during a particular year, we tend not even to pay attention.
One Great Thing You can do for your Business Career in 2015. Many of you are saying to yourselves, -- \Hey, I am already there. I already have 500 connections.\ But let me be clear
New Year's Resolution? Get a Little Help From Your Friends. We've all had New Year's resolutions that we've broken. One year, I resolved to learn how to touch-type instead of hunting and pecking for each key. How'd that turn out? I am hunting and pecking this right now. Another year, I vowed to take piano lessons; I didn't make it through January. Time and time again when I went for it alone, I'd get busy or just let it go. But the resolution I kept? Two years ago, I was with my childhood girlfriends for New Year's Eve and said I wanted to keep a journal of the milestones in my children's lives. One of them suggested that I share some of it with them every month. They held me accountable, cheering me on when I sent entries and reminding me when I fell behind. A year later, I was still going strong.
Don't Repeat the Same Investing Mistakes Next Year. Unfortunately, if you are like many investors, your returns lagged the indexes. Here are some of the possible reasons. Knowing them can help you avoid making the same mistakes in the future.
Managing the Unknown. Persistently sluggish economic growth in Europe and relentless recession in most of the continent's southern countries has stoked up dangerous political and social tensions within countries and between EU member states. Both developments are unsettling the European project.
10 Ways to Become a Better Negotiator Next Year. As I've coached senior leaders in communication skills for the past three decades, I've had opportunity to observe 10 habits that set successful negotiators apart from their less-successful colleagues.
Selling Social in the Organization. For social media to gain a foothold at a company, it needs a dedicated hub. That means a budget and individuals (whether internal or through vendors) who are accountable to social-specific goals.
Women in Business Q&A. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
(VIDEO) AOL Sees Growth in Programmatic TV with 58 Ad Campaigns Up. 
Financial Journalism. Good financial journalism stands the test of time, and it is not a sprint; it's a marathon. Bloomberg News has broken story after story about global currency manipulation, bold collusion, and bank managers and crony regulators that continue to reap the rewards of unchecked malfeasance.
What Yahoo's Marissa Mayer (And You) Should Learn From Disney. Leverage your strengths. Whether you are an executive onboarding into a new role, leading a turn around or just looking to accelerate value creation, the answer is almost always to focus on and leverage your existing strongest talents, knowledge, skills, capabilities.
Russian Roulette. The sudden dramatic collapse in the price of oil appears to be an act of geopolitical warfare against Russia. The result could be trillions of dollars in oil derivative losses; and the FDIC could be liable, following repeal of key portions of the Dodd-Frank Act last weekend.
Buying a Coffee for a Stranger  --   An Open Letter to Howard Schultz. Dear Mr. Schultz, I want to suggest a way you can improve your bottom line while giving your customers a chance to give.
The Management Consultant's Guide to New Years Resolutions. How do you pick just one resolution for the new year? Exercise more? Save more money? Spend more time with family? The list of potential resolutions is quite overwhelming.
Truth Marketing. What resonates with any of us in the content we consume, is the same thing that attracts us to another human being when we are looking for love or companionship.
What's Ahead for Reputation in 2015. This year the term reputation was everywhere. It was no longer primarily reserved for corporations and the corporate domain.
The 5 Most Memorable Commercials of 2014. This year, viewers were treated to memorable spots with all forms of wit and creativity, featuring everything from the Super Bowl, to the Olympics, to Mother's Day.
Digital Marketing Will Define Social Media in 2015. In 2014, we identified more questions than answers about the value of social media relationships. Let's hope this is the year that SEO thinking, reasonable data privacy expectations, and clear data and methods move us forward.
Women in Business Q&A. Louisa brings the skills of over 20 years in non-profit leadership, education, journalism and public relations to HDRF.  She has led the development efforts of several major non-profits including American Ballet Theatre, Theatre for a New Audience, and the American Associates of the Royal Academy Trust.
Women in Business Q&A. Anna Carroll, MSSW, through EverydayFeedback.com, specializes in workplace trends and training. In her recent book, The Feedback Imperative
AirAsia CEO Calls Plane's Disappearance His 'Worst Nightmare'. 
Government Report. In the last article about broadband I supplied a list of the \video dialtone\ deployments that were filed at the FCC by what are now AT&T, Verizon and Centurylink to upgrade the utility copper networks and replace these wires with fiber optics wires -- which never happened.
Why We're Still Fighting the Last War on Trade Policy. Is it true that companies trying to manufacture in America, workers, communities and environmentalists need the President to explain their interests to them, as if 25 years of lived experience with NAFTA-style trade deals haven't been sufficiently clear?
Relationships Matter. Shut down your laptop and listen to your staff member.  Leave your phone in the pocket of your coat when you hand it over to the host at your next social gathering.  See what it's like to be all the way present with people.
States Where People Live The Longest. 
8 Worst-Run Companies In America. 
Women in Business Q&A. Jeni Garrett was only 21 years old when she opened the first Woodhouse Day Spa in Victoria, TX. Garrett developed an early affinity for business. Growing up on a ranch in southeastern Texas, she began buying and selling cattle when she was only 14.
Women in Business Q&A. Natalie Lehr is director of analytics at TSC Advantage. With more than 15 years of experience as an intelligence professional, Natalie's expertise spans both the government and commercial sectors.
Subprime Auto Loans Are Hurting The Poor. 
Driving Your Startup With Fear Has Bad Consequences. Trying to be a business leader by instilling fear in your employees and partners is never a good approach, but it is particularly devastating in a startup. Yet I see this approach used all too often by new entrepreneurs, most of whom are not natural tyrants, but who are fighting to mask their own internal fears and insecurities about starting a business.
Tesla Announces Major Upgrade To Original Roadster. 
'Twas The Day After Christmas. It's a common emerging theme -- unleashing products for a holiday in an accelerated non-sequential order (with so much Christmas stimuli in stores in November I often found myself wondering what happened to Thanksgiving) -- but who is causing and reinforcing this trend?
Amazon's Enormous Same-Day Delivery Growth May Come At A Price. 
The Nonprofit President/CEO. The president/CEO designation calls for a trusting relationship with the board based on mutual respect, drawing from the symbolism that he or she is the operating link between board and staff.
Greg Whitham. There is no limit to the amount of times you can reinvent yourself so be open to change and stay alert for the opportunity to do so. Write stuff down - inspiration never comes when it's convenient so capture it wherever you can.
3 Weirdly Accurate Reasons to Stop Saving for Retirement in 2015. If you're making contributions to retirement plans and you don't have these three things dealt with properly, then temporarily stopping those investments is an important part of getting your finances in order.
Last-Minute Christmas Shoppers Didn't Show Up In Force This Year. Retailers are expected to just meet industry sales forecasts.
Falling Oil Prices Knocking Down America's Biggest Opponents. 
You Can't Always Get What You Want. It's not about changing your life, your job. It's about making space by un-cluttering your schedules; it's about accumulating less and focusing on the quality of your time and concentrating on doing a little more of the things you really enjoy; the things that matter.
9 Restaurants Open On Christmas 2014. 
A Great Sign For The U.S. Economy. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
Walmart Stores Forced To Give Raises. The minimum wage is going up in 21 states.
Is Your Business Ready for the World's Emerging Middle Class?. Is it time for us to rethink how we perceive the global middle class? Currently, more than half of the world's middle class population can be found in the Western world. However, recent reports and studies have consistently shown that the global share of the middle class is shifting.
Part Two. Research on employee engagement and productivity continues to return to the basic health of each employee as an indicator for how engaged they could be on the job. In this part we are going to take it a step further and look at how to find and hire the right people, and how to help them succeed.
Creating Is About Taking One Step to Re-Imagining Leadership. Our world needs a new type of leader who is courageous, selfless, humble, innovative and remarkably effective. We desperately need leaders who have a vision and passion for creating new market opportunities and a better future not just for themselves but also for society at large.
With Urban Hospitals in Decline, One Hospital Changes the Rules of the Game. When access to care and population health of a distressed community are on the line, urban hospitals like BMC can and should look outside of traditional negotiation tactics to fulfill their role in serving their community. If they do not, we may not have the ERs to meet the newly insured population.
The Trade Agreement Pinatas. Since many traditional Democratic constituencies strongly oppose these deals it is reasonable to ask why the Obama administration is so intent on pushing them. The answer is simple
Nine Rules for Effective Online Content. Design improvements are usually implemented incrementally, even granularly. Over time, however, the look and feel of advertising can evolve significantly when based on data that fuel content optimization
Guess Who is ABLE to Work?. People with disabilities can use more programs like PATF's that prepare them for life and the workforce Passage of the ABLE Act is a movement in the right direction, as could be adjustments to IDAs and other anti-poverty programs that permit people with disabilities to participate in them on their way to greater independence.
Madoff Victims' Payout Nears $7.2 Billion, Trustee Says. 
7 Questions About the Recent Oil Price Slump. Oil prices have plunged recently, affecting everyone
5 Ways to Get Your Business Ready for 2015. How can you use what you learned in 2014 to help you end the year the right way and improve your business in the year ahead? Here's a checklist to help you boost profits, trim budgets and streamline your company for 2015.
Organization Matters. You've got to start with your heart. Go deep and get to know yourself. Learn about your unique identity. See the labels the world has slapped on you and let them go. Organize your life so that it works for YOU.
Women in Business Q&A. Lois Liberman has extensive experience advising clients in all aspects of matrimonial law at Blank Rome. She is a seasoned litigator and trial attorney, and has been a frequent guest on television
Google Doesn't Want To Go It Alone With Driverless Cars. 
Women in Business Q&A. Liliane Stransky is the President and Founder of the Step by Step Foundation, a Florida-based charity that helps communities and children in need around the world.
Why Are You Still Unemployed?. It is both unfair and inaccurate to place all of the blame for unemployment solely on job seekers. Employers are less than perfect, too. In the current job market, technology has changed many of the \standard\ practices. So it's a new ball game for both employers and job seekers.
8 Fastest-Growing Beers In America. 
How A 17-Year-Old's $72 Million Rumor Swept Financial Media. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
Staples Hack Affected Over 1 Million Cards. 
Process for the Sake of the Process. Sure, we need people to handle the details and make sure the workflow process works smoothly. The problem emerges when they become interested in the process for its own sake, rather than as a productivity tool.
Redefining Success. Success is your net-worth. Your net-worth not being your financial possessions, but your net-worth being the number of lives you've changed. So maybe even instead of calling it just being your \net-worth,\ it's also called your \network.\
These Photos Show How Little Cuba's Struggling Economy Has Changed In A Half-Century. With an economy that has basically stood still for more than half a century, it's often difficult to tell the difference between a present-day photo of Cuba and one that is decades old.
This Year, Elevate Your Character With a New YOU Resolution. Unless you go into the new year with a new you resolution, you're going to keep doing the same thing and expecting different results -- and as Albert Einstein said, that's the definition of insanity. No wonder the vast majority fail.
Ringing in Good Behavior. I found myself glancing up at the register each time I heard it. When a smiling cashier asked if I like to donate, I felt like the small boy in The Polar Express, craving the sound of the ringing bell...and the claps, too.
Best Life/Career Advice. When someone tells me they are too busy at work to attend my Christmas Party, I hear, \You are not important to me Mark. My job is far more important than our relationship.\ Let me give you five good reasons to value your family and friends over your job.
For Low-Wage Americans, The Holiday Season Is A Time To Work. 
The Awesome Power of Immersion. Slowing down and going deep trumps speeding up and going crazy. Immersion trumps diversion. It's possible. Yes, it is. I have proof. And so do you, if only you would pause long enough to remember those extraordinary times when you unplugged and tuned in.
Creating Leverage Where None Seems to Exist. If you're put on a college waitlist, do you view that as a polite \no\ or an invitation to launch a campaign? If your buyer raises objections to your sales pitch, do you view that as the beginning of the end or a request for more information?
Being Vulnerable in Business Can Be a Good Thing. Most of us fundamentally believe if we show the vulnerable side of ourselves, our clients, employees and partners won't want to work with us and our business will be seen as a failure. This is completely and utterly untrue.
5 Lessons in Mindful Communication From the Top 30 Social Influencers in Biotech. For those hesitating to embrace social, I've gathered lessons from five of these top influencers. Here are their tips for using social to have meaningful discussions in the biotech space.
7 Human Resources Trends Your Small Business Needs to Know. The world of human resources changes fast. If your small business isn't on top of the trends, you could not only experience significant turnover, but also legal ramifications. It's important to know the current trends and legal considerations.
Choose Employees Like You're Planning on Climbing Mt. Everest. A few weeks ago the crew and I from Behind the Brand made a road trip from LA and headed up North just past San Francisco to the little town of Petaluma in Sonoma County to visit the team from CamelBak.
Teaching Entrepreneurship. Entrepreneurship is today's cool kid on the block. But, for me, the question is this
Corporate Antibodies. You, as corporate leaders, have been given an unprecedented advantage to show growth and results. Interest rates are historically low and corporate cash positions strong. The masses know it, and they are expecting fireworks.
These Habits Of The World's Boldest People Will Inspire You To Take A Risk. 
Once Totally Online, Rent The Runway Will Open More Real-World Stores. 
3 Questions You Need To Ask Now For 2015 Success. Right now is the time to re-evaluate your marketing in terms of the new expectations your customers have developed in the past 6 months.
One Down, 999 Still to Go. 
CEOs. To empower your staff by putting policies in place to end workplace bullying will improve your company on every level, including profits. Don't waste one more minute.
3 Things That Are Keeping Women From Reaching Top Management Positions. 
Why the United States Needs A \Ladenschlussgesetz\. The U.S. will never prohibit stores from opening on Sunday. But after this past Thanksgiving, it does feel that the scales have tipped away from holding anything sacred --- or even special.
Dysfunction in the Nonprofit Sector -- Reality or Myth?. Judging from the vast literature on dysfunctional nonprofit boards and organizations (my own posts included!) one might conclude that the majority of nonprofits are struggling, strategically incompetent and/or in crisis. I argue that this is not the case.
It's 2015. How Are We Still Having These Conversations?. The person kicking ass in a negotiation might have ovaries, but that doesn't require her to smile sweetly and make sure everyone is okay with the outcome of the deal. She has an agenda, just like everyone else, and if her agenda wins, that does not make her a bitch, it makes her a success.
Timeless or New?  The ABCs of Marketing in a Digital Era. The explosion of digital platforms is causing many marketers to rethink how they engage with consumers. But sometimes in their hurry to embrace the digital world, companies often lose their way and forget the basic principles of good marketing and branding.
Update. On Dec. 9, 2014, Verizon's CFO Francis Shammo was speaking at the UBS 42nd Annual Global Media & Communications Conference for investors and made a comment -- even if the networks were to be reclassified as \Title II\ in the Net Neutrality proceedings, it would not harm or influence investment.
Big Business. Did you know that you could purchase Instagram followers for just a couple of bucks? Social networks are aware of this new phenomenon, and they are clamping down on this questionable practice because some believe it deceives fans.
10 Least Healthy States In America. 
Cause Marketing. However, just like any other marketing (digital or otherwise), success always boils down to relationships. Developing relationships with partner businesses... developing relationships with donors... and keeping those relationships going beyond the campaign.
For 'The Interview,' Even Negative Publicity (Like A Massive Sony Hack) Is Good Publicity. 
Black-White Wealth Gap Has Reached A 24-Year High. 
Women in Business Q&A. Koren finds much of her design inspiration while exploring the rich cultural heritage of Americana.  Her motto, \cool is when vintage meets modern,\ permeates all of her hard work, positioning Hobo as America's foremost fun and funky accessories brand.
How Do Innovators Create New Markets?. How do innovators transform new machines, molecules, and even melodies into multi-billion dollar value innovations - and break the rules of standard marketing in the process?
How Serious Are You About Wealth Creation? 11 Ways to Let the Money Flow - PART 2. In a conversation about money, particularly when that conversation is geared towards the internal work you need to do to make money, it's very easy to ignore one big and REALLY important thing - if you want to make money you DO need to do the mother-freaking work!
Screw What He Thinks. if you don't want to actually find yourself SAYING \screw you and your opinion\ then you can keep at least SOME of your own opinions to yourself for now. Your partner is there to be your partner. If you need a coach, get a coach.
Fake It 'Til You Make It. Please don't. Instead, let me offer you six ways to gain the relationship edge in business and life that don't require you to be a poser.  is what I recommend you do -- seek to help, give, assist, empower, and support.
User Experience. 
In-N-Out Ranks Higher Than Apple On List Of Best Places To Work. 
5 Reasons Shopping at Walmart Makes You a Scrooge This Holiday Season. Employing this many workers may make the company seem virtuous and altruistic, but the business model is not a model other companies should emulate.
6 Tips for Indian Managers New to America. Religion and politics are generally considered off-limits topics in business in America. So what do you talk about over lunch or dinner with your American counterparts?
10 Ways To Be Authentic Online. NEVER keep clients in your community - even readers - whose energy you don't like. You don't have to be able to explain why, it's your business, your life.
Why Trendspotting Still Matters. One could see it as archaic. Maybe we no longer need trendspotters, when everything is changing all the time, and when everything else -- branding, marketing, behavior and lifestyle -- can adapt in real time. Trendspotting can be frustrating.
Holiday Shopping in Hard Times. The holiday season is in full swing, and for many Americans that means just one thing
I Almost Died Twice -- Talk About Perspective. As we gain experience, our perspective matures, our insight into what is truly important, matures. But we can accelerate that; we should accelerate that. And it doesn't take shocks to the system to do that.
Marketers -- When Is \Who and Why?\ More Important Than \Where?\. Maybe a day will come when \Where, Why and Who\ will be one and marketers will be able to apply one solution to solve their problems. However, that doesn't exist yet and we must be creative problem solvers to figure out the best way to open the floodgates.
This Is How Fracking Works. 
Reinventing Win-Win-Win Business Relationships. People -- including your prospects and customers -- want to know that you care.  Show them you have an interest greater than the money they are exchanging for the service you're delivering.  It's about how you can positively impact their business, their customers and their lives.
5 Exciting Startups to Inspire Any Entrepreneur in 2015. In 2009, when the Great Recession really got rolling and layoffs were abundant, there was a silver lining. A lot of wannabe entrepreneurs got the kick in the pants they needed to start their business.
24 Ways Working From Home Will Destroy Your Soul. Home workers heed our warning. We've seen it happen ourselves.
5 Ways to Thrive During the Holidays. Yes it's that time of year again, the season to be jolly.  So why might you be starting to feel a creeping sense of anxiety and even a little bit of dread? The truth is this time of year often finds most of us scrambling.  So what are the small changes you can make to help you flourish during this holiday season?
Did Black Friday Boycotts Have An Impact?. 
Uber Driver Arrested For Allegedly Raping Female Passenger. 
When Commerce Makes Us Want to Puke. I'm not so na\u00efve or recalcitrant as to deny the fact that the surest way to wreck the American economy -- to take it from whatever point it sits at today and send it straight into the abyss -- is for us consumers to voluntarily go on a six-month austerity kick, a period during which we don't buy anything except stuff we actually \need.\
Why Facebook and Twitter Alone Can't Build Brands. Too many businesses lunge toward the latest app or social media stunt without considering their identity as a brand, and how their media strategy works. In the process, consumers end up confused and detached.
Can Nonprofit Boards Afford to Underinvest in Management Leadership Development?. Nonprofit board member interviewees were not included in the study. Obviously boards would need to approve the budgets to achieve these objectives. But boards have some major cultural restraints.
Women in Business Q&A. Recognizing her talent for matchmaking, Talia quit her full-time job and began hosting popular singles events and offering personalized matchmaking services. Three Day Rule was officially created in 2010, allowing Talia to turn her lifelong hobby of matchmaking into a business.
Women in Business Q&A. Katherine enjoys the creative vibe of the city as well as the expansive and endless vistas of the New Mexico landscape creating an inspiring and positive influence on her collection and one of a kind commissions
Launch a Competitor to Your Company. Want to innovate and know your competition? Launch a competitor within your own company. Yes, internally.
The New Norm. Businesses -- large and small -- are producing insanely one-sided contracts. In the past, you could find fair contracts. Most were short and simple, too. You do this and I do that. But now we've arrived at crazy. And these agreements are putting your business in jeopardy.
An Equestrian Way to Mindfulness. Whenever I ride adopting this body and soul approach, I forget about the rest of the things going on around me, and I experience a unique horse-rider performance and adventure. It is a mindful practice, in which the horse and I are in the present moment.
First Impressions. While any one month's results from these \high-frequency\ data should be taken with a grain of salt, I saw no obvious anomalies in the payroll data. Job growth was robust across industries, with almost 70 percent of private industries expanding.
Does China Really Have the Most Powerful Economy in the World?. Market Watch columnist Brett Arends wrote that China has surpassed America as the number one economy, a move he claims may lead to a collapse of U.S. political and military hegemony.  But does China truly have the strongest economy in the world?
How Big Companies Can Accelerate Innovation. Almost every large company understands that it needs to deal with ever-increasing external threats by continually innovating. To ensure their survival and growth, corporations need to keep inventing new business models. This challenge requires new organizational structures and skills.
Time Matters. It's almost impossible to stop yourself from procrastinating or wasting time if you are not engaging in activities that matter to you. And organizing your time around yourself is no easy task. You must take time, each and every day, to check in with yourself. Are you on track?
Starbucks Opens High-End Coffeehouse With Visions Of 'Willy Wonka'. 
The Best Run States In America. 
Should You Ask Your Boss For A Raise?. While asking for a raise may be a high-stress conversation, being on the receiving end isn't fun either.
Can You Really Measure Whether a Leader Has Good Judgment?. Put another way
Neutron CEO Tells Customers That Republic Report Stories Are False; Ex-Employees Disagree. I have repeatedly sought comment from Caffee and his co-founder, Shaun Ritchie, including after reading Caffee's letter, and they have not responded.
Krugman Slams Democrats Against Obamacare. 
So You're Hiring a Consultant? -- A Few Do's and Dont's. After close to 30 years in consulting, we're proud to say we've worked with and for executives from some of the finest companies in the world. In many cases, these relationships have long outlasted the engagements that gave rise to them.
Uber's Value Just Doubled To $40 Billion In 6 Months (Sorry, Haters). 
3 Bad Assumptions About Networking for Your Job Search. Many job seekers have told me how much they hate networking for their job search. They don't like meeting strangers, particularly when they (and the strangers) have \an agenda.\
Avoid These Three Credit Mistakes That Will Steal Your Joy This Season. Although I love this time of year for the time spent with family and friends around cozy fireplaces and dinner tables, I dread it for the post-holiday havoc it will play on the credit lives of many Americans.
Walmart Pulls 'I Can't Breathe' Ad After Eric Garner Decision. 
4 Barriers to Scaling Your Company. Here is a summary of the conclusions we drew about the four barriers to scaling your company -- and how you can get through and past each one. You'll notice that each of these barriers is about your mindset first, and the business only second.
5 Things High Net Worth Individuals Need To Know About Medical Marijuana. This is a development to watch - and one with many upside opportunities.  But right now it feels like a green rush, so be careful you don't get caught up in the weeds.
Content Marketing Must Evolve to Marketing Content, or Else. For the last five years or so, a tidal wave of inbound and content marketing adoption has roared through the marketing community. The digital ministry of propaganda (people like me) has helped fuel the adoption rush.
Here's How Bad Corruption Is Around The World. 
How Focused Are You on the Big Rocks. Understanding how the world of work is changing and what trends are shaping the future of work is only a part of what organizations need to focus on. Of course, to take this to the next level some kind of action needs to take place.
Putting Calorie Counts On Fast Food Menus Won't Make People Eat Less, Experts Say. 
Customer Service and The Happiness Factor. Happy employees lead to happy customers, and that is something no organization should take for granted. To foster your own culture of happiness, focus on these five key factors.
Could This Be the Year Recovery Finally Comes to Main Street?. We may be at a place where the Great Recession can move from the forefront and into our rearview mirrors. It could be the year when Santa adds something extra to the bottom line of retailers everywhere. We shall see. Don't forget, today is Giving Tuesday.
In Defense of College. The reality is that we are no longer preparing our children to work in factories; we are readying them for today's knowledge-based economy. This requires mastery of a wide assortment of technical skills, ability to work in groups, and continual learning.
How to Create a Culture of Good. By identifying what matters most to you, either from a personal experience or a cause that speaks to you, you can create a culture of good in your life.
Social Selling Is Simple....When You Follow One Golden Rule. On February 4, 2014 Mark Zuckerberg sent the world a Facebook status update marking his company's 10th anniversary. There are now more than 2 BILLION active social media users worldwide and over 75% of those are active mobile users.
Coke Is Going To Try And Sell You Milk. 
Trailblazing Women. \If you are feeling stuck in any way, whether it's financially, emotionally or intellectually, and you need to move forward -- that's actually a call for you to be innovative, be entrepreneurial or 'intrapreneurial.'\
4 Strategies NASA Used to Market the Moon. Most people look at NASA as a space agency and at my childhood projects as natural activities. However, NASA is probably one of the most successful marketing agencies in the 20th century and my childhood is evidence of its enduring influence on society.
In the Trenches on Black Friday. Only Sunday escapes without a retail handle. But you can bet your bottom dollar it won't be a day of rest for retailers. The relentless run continues towards Christmas and beyond, as merchants race to extract as many dollars from consumers as possible and keep their stakeholders happy.
Doesn't Cortana Know That Disparaging Siri Reflects Negatively on Her Parents?. Good marketers know that when a company \badmouths\ a competitor, it is (more often than not) a big mistake -- especially when the company being disparaged has Apple's track record of success.
Time-Compressed Nonprofit Directors - Recruit and Retain Them!. Every nonprofit board has had the experience of having board positions open and being unable to fill them with highly qualified people. The usual response from qualified candidates is that they are too busy to be accept a board position.
Elite Daily's 25-Year-Old CEO. So how does David, CEO of Elite Daily, and his team do it? In a recent interview with Arabov, gives some insight as to the secret sauce of Elite Daily.
The 'Wisdom of Friends' Powers Brand Advocacy. We are hearing so much now about social media creating a shift from \the wisdom of crowds\ to \the wisdom of friends,\ but what does that really mean for brand advocacy? A lot. It's this \wisdom of friends\ that brings a new \social power\ to Brand Advocacy.
Crystal Lee. Always stay humble and learn from your mistakes. Having a big head and thinking you are the best stunts your growth and lowers your creativity as well as passion. Always aspire to outdo yourself.
Women in Business Q&A. With more than 15 years of experience in marketing, including marketing strategy, communications and lead generation, Loretta has grown marketing programs for both SMB and enterprise customers at Coveo, Adobe EchoSign and several other companies.
The Winners And Losers Of Plummeting Oil Prices. 
10 Best Educated Cities In America. 
As Bricks and Clicks Merge, Geeks Are Discovering Politics. America's statutes, policies and regulations (Laws) are designed for a non-digital world -- a world where a taxi was something you hailed on the street, not by clicking a smartphone app. The world of Bricks (i.e., the older traditional economy) and Clicks (i.e, the newer tech-fueled economy) are merging.
Leadership Matters. On Thanksgiving, most of us reminisce about the good times. We say thanks for all the gifts we've been given. But it's extremely valuable to practice gratitude for the challenges in our lives.
The Toys R Us Flagship On Thanksgiving Was Totally Nuts. 
Focus On Profits Is Not Enough For A Great Business. It's a lot more productive and a lot less risky to start early in building your record of the positives on social, environmental, and people responsibility, rather than wait and hope never to be caught in an excessive profits scandal, child labor issue, or poor sustainability practice.
Women in Business Q&A. 
AT&T's--REDACTED--to the FCC's Requests about--REDACTED--Fiber Optic Deployment--REDACTED.. AT&T must be investigated for its previous failures to fulfill basic commitments in prior mergers, especially the AT&T-BellSouth merger and the FCC should audit the new proposed fiber optic plans, not just take AT&T's word for it.
Picking Experts and the Quest for Great Weight Loss  Surgery. The best way to have a successful weight loss surgery is to treat it like a business project. I have definite goals, measurements, objectives, benchmarks, time frames and a vision on where I want to be within a year.
Women in Business Q&A. 
Bergdorf Goodman's Swanky Black Friday Sale Is Nothing Like The Usual Frenzy Elsewhere. 
5 Terrifying Things About Black Friday. At Silk we often create visualizations from data. Recently my colleague at Silk, Alice Corona, analyzed Black Friday mayhem data, then transformed it into some eye-opening visualizations.
Black Friday Crowds Thin After Thanksgiving Shopping Rush. 
Black Friday Protests Hit Walmart. 
The New Black Friday Means Lines But Less Frenzy At Kmart, Sears. 
Black Friday Crowds Thinner At Malls This Year. 
Does Cyber Monday Still Matter?. This Black Friday is set to be bigger than ever, with pre-sales already up 19 percent year over year, according to IBM. But there is huge overlap on product offerings for many big box stores and if social media is any indicator, the core opportunity (and challenge) is differentiation on anything other than price.
Banks Behaving Badly. This week campaigners against cluster munitions are pressing for answers on why any financial institution or bank would choose to be associated with the production of this banned weapon. PAX, a member of the international Cluster Munition Coalition, has released a report revealing the financial institutions backing companies involved in production of cluster munitions.
Uber Suspends Operations In Nevada. 
Mathew Ward. Ever wondered what it's like to jump-start your career in the Asia-Pacific (APAC) region? Mathew Ward, Managing Director for APAC at Lotame Solutions, recommends using your 20s to figure out your true passion and aspirations in life and then working hard toward achieving them.
Selene Chin. Selene Chin, Managing Director of Dog Digital Asia, recommends that those of you who are just starting your career ground yourself with the right skills, avoid having a fixed mindset as an individual and as a team player, and focus on giving your best, as you represent the work of your whole team.
Women in Business Q&A. What always pulled at her heartstrings was being her own boss and providing a high-quality product that made a difference.  She prides herself in putting her stamp on \high-quality\ and also giving back to others in need.
Restaurants Open On Thanksgiving 2014. 
How Has Women's Entrepreneurship Day Made a Real Difference?. 
What Is the Black Friday Experience Like for Shoppers And Retail Employees?. Picture the metaphorical personification of chaos, accompanied by a figurative example of hell on Earth, and throw in some crazy old ladies, aggressive men, bitchy soccer moms, a-hole gamers, miserable husbands, and hundreds of young crying toddlers and babies that shouldn't be up at such ungodly hours.
Past Is Prologue. As we read about the travails of General Motors and recent foreign-exchange scandals, it's difficult to explain the enduring and elusive challenge that companies and organizations seem to face
8 Unsettling Facts About Bad Bosses [Infographic]. Bad bosses cost companies millions per year, and the worst part, like snakes (yuck), they're able to slither through their superiors and make it seem like they're doing an outstanding job; however, their good job is coming at the expense of other employees' happiness and well-being.
#ExceptionalCareers Series. In making choices, a guidepost is to imagine yourself at the end of your days, reflecting back on your life.  And ask these questions -- What are the things that I will regret not doing?  What are the things that will cease to be meaningful in the long run? In which category does the choice fall.
Here Are The Most Googled Toys In Each State. 
Working to Strengthen Your Leadership? Accept More Bids to Connect. Relationships built on connecting with others are the heart of leadership. Thus, to strengthen your leadership you must turn toward and accept bids for connection instead of turning away from them.
I Miss Black Friday. \Black Friday\ was organic back then.  Retailers didn't fabricate the day, shoppers turned it into a retail holiday and retailers embraced them.  It was driven by the shoppers, nothing else. Then somewhere along the say, it turned into a fiasco
The Other Side of the Desk. I had an eye-opening experience the other day while I was interviewing a candidate to potentially join our agency. He happened to arrive at my office right while my assistant was trying to help me solve an IT issue that we just couldn't seem to crack.
Economic History and Thanksgiving. Thanksgiving is certainly one of my favorite holidays. As an adult with many children, Christmas has lost some of its charm and there are few things more enjoyable than getting fat and watching holiday specials (especially those important football games).
The World Is Being Rebuilt in Code and Opportunity Abounds. By 2020 it's estimated that there will be one million open jobs for software developers in the U.S. alone. This number factors in the rapid growth of the IT field outside of pure software companies as data plays an increasingly critical role in traditional industries.
International Operators of Equity Crowdfunding Sites Beware -- The SEC May Come After You. Until the adoption of SEC rules to implement the crowdfunding exemption, operators of crowdfunding platforms should tread with extreme caution to ensure compliance with U.S. securities laws. Eureeca discovered this the hard way.
The Manifesting List. It can appear as though you are stuck in a vicious cycle or attracting similar situations, over and over? Check out this list on how you create this dynamic and how to gain more control.
View Tony Robbins' Investing Advice with Skepticism. Financial journalists who drilled into the merits of the financial advice proffered by Mr. Robbins have skewered his investing recommendations. I share these concerns.
What Your Work Lunch Really Says About You. 
Want To Make A Difference? Don't Be A Hedge Fund Manager. 
Truths of a Recovering Overachiever. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
Taylor Swift. Following her recent blockbuster album launch (2 million in sales and counting), US musician Taylor Swift could perhaps lay claim to the crown of America's \Merchant Princess,\ and could teach many retailers and shopper marketers a thing or two about the science of \selling stuff.\
Once Again! What Does Nonprofit Board Oversight Mean?. 
NBA Owner Vivek Ranadiv\u00e9. 
How to Tell a Transportable Story in a Thank You Card. 
Women in Business Q&A. Kathrin Lausch serves as Executive Producer of visual studio Ntropic in the New York office.  Kathrin was born and raised in Europe, where she later studied marketing, advertising, and entertainment law and earned degrees from both the University of Munich and the University of Geneva.
Women in Business Q&A. April Valusek, multi-unit franchisee of Wayback Burgers, recognized as one of the most aggressive and ambitious better burger brands in the United States, has always had a particular liking to the restaurant industry.
Know Thyself. With a little self-reflection, we can understand how we think... and when we know the \how\ of something, we can make efforts to improve upon it.
Amazon Signs Lease For Possible Store In Manhattan. 
10 Worst Cities For LGBT Rights. 
Best Buy Black Friday Deals 2014. 
The Term 'Black Friday' Has Lost All Meaning. 
The 'SupraSelf' of Leadership Greatness. The \SupraSelf\is an extraordinary aspect of who we are and what it means to be a leader. This little known, yet very real part of our personality is capable of producing exponential results in all areas of our lives.
Navigating the Changing Marketing Landscape. There are seven paradigm shifts; each has a clear implication for how brands need to change, and examples of brands that are getting it right.
What Is Causing the Drag?. Using inflation-adjusted numbers, we indexed each component of GDP to 4Q07 levels, beginning with a value of 100 for each.  We graphically display the results below, followed by some commentary.
Republicans Just Don't Get It. There is a reason why it has taken so long to emerge from the Great Recession. And the Republican leaders of the House and Senate with their new majorities exemplify why we have barely emerged from it.
How to Create a Culture of Innovation. Often when I hear people talk about how to develop a culture of innovation, the keys proposed are passion, autonomy, collaboration and trust (PACT). Passion, in particular, has become the darling of hiring managers
Report. 
Why I'm Standing with Walmart Workers This Black Friday. The workers who help Walmart make unimaginable profits in turn receive poverty wages, unaffordable health care and irregular schedules, including hours kept at part-time as a way of denying access to paid sick days.
Qdoba Gambles on All-Inclusive Pricing. How do you set your brand apart in a tough, competitive marketplace? Mexican fast-casual chain Qdoba is finding that the concept \No charge\ can help.
Fewer People Plan To Shop On Thanksgiving This Year. 
Fed Launches Review Of Bank Oversight After Alarming Reports. 
Leadership Matters. You see, with a solid plan and a strong identity, your decisions are less difficult. When you know where you are going, it's easy to see the right path at each juncture.
Trusting the Crowd and the Machines. The business environment of the future needs to trust people and technology and provide flexibility and choice for employees to connect with complementary skills across a network, to work together on challenges, to learn fast, unlock their passion and improve performance.
Are You a Great Listener?. To succeed in today's business world, leaders must be proactive, skilled listeners. Leaders who make themselves accessible for conversation and listen regularly are well informed of the goings on in their workplaces.
The Great Transformation of the Organization Needs the How. 
The Disruption of Leadership. Women entrepreneurs are biologically hardwired to harness time, and tend to care about the communal impact they have on others. That's why we choose our tools wisely, such as the use of social media, which has already changed the world.
Holiday Blues. Have you ever stood in line, waiting to pay for Christmas gifts only to be told your credit card has been declined? Or maybe you didn't have enough cash with you. It's embarrassing.
Being Asian In American Business. Asians have been fueling American high tech since the late 60's, and today the trend continues. The Asian mindset of humility and quietness puts many Asians into low paying jobs with long hours, which does a disservice to both their livelihoods and their respect.
You're Not Aiming High Enough. By networking up, you're attempting to meet the top players in your industry. This not only drives your income but also fuels your all-around sense of happiness. Just think about the positivity that's generated by bouncing ideas around with a bunch of the top go-getters in your field.
THE CFPB Launches No-Action Letters for Financial Innovations. 
It's Time to Board the Index Express. The news keeps getting worse for active management.
My Top 5 Quotes From Toronto Fitness Studios That I Apply in Business and Life. I have often found parallels that I can draw upon when it comes to fitness, business and in life.   During times when I feel stressed, need inspiration or I'm just beaten down, I will always turn to a hard workout.
Two Ways Entrepreneurs and CEOs Mistake Growth for Value. Whether in a small or mid-size entrepreneurial business or a major corporation, the CEO sets the vision and direction for the company. But is there real value in the vision? Is the entire company focused on creating that value? Does the company culture support adding value?
This Is What Everybody Really Does In The Office Bathroom. They laugh, they cry, they even exercise.
How to Find Your Next Super Star Employee. The pace of talent-scouting is unpredictable. But once you do assemble a diverse team of high-performers, the culture you establish will be sustainable into the future.
Chocolate Companies Warn Of Looming Global Shortage. 
How Is Your Small Business Managing Millennials in the Workplace?. One of the many challenges small businesses face today is integrating and managing Millennial employees with other generations of their workforce.
Introducing the Manageable Mortgage. 
From 21st to 1st. As we think about a new idea we shouldn't dismiss existing markets. Often the biggest opportunities are right in front of our face -- whether it is developing a new retail concept or bringing clean water each day to the 2 billion that don't have it.
Jonas Delos Reyes. Having positive outlook and maintaining an attitude of constantly seeking to learn new skills help in increasing one's chances in getting their career to the next level.
5 Way The Amazon Echo Could Be Essential For Your Office. Before Amazon Echo has even hit the virtual shelves, many tech journalists are predicting that Echo, and connected devices like it, are the future of computers.
Ah, Yet Another Meaningless Corporate Fine. This pervasive criminal conduct can no longer merely be the cost of doing business -- freedom of the guilty corporate executives must be the cost. Fines are what you pay for over-time parking -- not for major corporate criminal activity which kills, harms or steals from people.
3 Benefits of Continuous Recruitment. Continuous recruitment and building a talent pipeline allow your company to take control of the recruitment process. Instead of starting from scratch and searching out applicants every time there's a vacancy, you will have your pick of qualified and relevant applicants readily available.
Crisis and Context for Virgin Galactic. Richard Branson had it right when he complained about people who knew nothing about the crash of SpaceShipTwo diving in front of cameras to analyze what must have gone wrong in the Mojave Desert.
Black Friday Shoppers Can't Start On Thanksgiving In 3 States. 
Recycling Opens the Door to a Circular Economy. Recycling is critically important, but it's only one part of a larger, globally emergent environmental paradigm known as the Circular Economy. As we look forward to America Recycles Day, we are reminded that we have so much more to do.
FALLEN ARCHES. 
Women in Business. Josie Cruz Natori is founder and CEO of the Natori Company. Exemplifying her own mantra, she crossed continents, navigated varying careers, and surmounted countless obstacles to create a global brand, Natori.
Women in Business. Lesley Bielby is Chief Strategy Officer at the independent advertising agency micro-network
Why We Love to Gossip. Office gossip is alive, flowing freely and -- depending on your point of view -- either as natural as casual conversation or a pathogen infecting morale, productivity and even health. Adding to the darker view, gossip may be a special problem for women -- its most able practitioners and, perhaps, its most vulnerable targets.
Test Driving a Tesla Model S P85 Performance Electric Car. Without question, this was the first time ever that I have driven an electric car that there was no worry to refuel.
Big Data and Bigger Breaches With Alex Pentland of Monument Capital Group. He has spent a lot of time addressing the failings of big data systems and pushing for better infrastructure and security protocols across the board. He has even developed a consumer level data platform that mimics what the big guys should be doing.
The Four Agreements for Business. If we were not taught to honor our own emotions, if we are unable to disengage from figuring out how we're supposed to feel based on the thoughts of others, we are always in a disempowered state.
Women in Business. \Be a really good person and be really good at your job. I have a sign that hangs in my home office
Walmart Workers Plan Black Friday Protests Over Wages. 
Is Spotify Fair to Musicians? A Chat With Mark Kelly. The fundamental question is one of fairness. Are artists being rightfully compensated for their contributions? And what about future artists? Will sufficient incentives exist for them to make music?
Be a Bulletproof Freelancer. Leaving your daily grind to strike out on your own? Great! Freelance work can be one of the most rewarding, lucrative, and fantastic careers ever. But getting past the first six months is, hands down, the hardest part of freelance work.
How to Manage Talent in a Networked Age. Organizations are struggling to find a new way of working with employees. Employees in the meantime are thinking of ways they can develop their careers while always keeping an eye on \the next best opportunity\ to come their way.
Write Your Way to Success. Writing is a secret success weapon that's often overlooked. Becoming a consistent writer, recording your thoughts in a journal, can bring many benefits.
How to Prep Your Website for the 2014 Holiday Season. Whether you are a B2B or B2C business, the holidays are the most important times of year to make sure your website is performing as well as it can be so that you don't miss out on the estimated 72.4 billion dollars of sales that will be made this season.
Tim Geithner. TK TK
Word Mongering. When people spend hours and hours playing with the red pen or the edit function in Word, it's often because they don't want to own a particular direction or point of view, one which may be posited by another person or group entirely.
Whistleblower Statutory Protections Are Frequently Narrowly Interpreted By Courts. 
Achieving Presentation Zen. It is important to seek harmony between the elements of your presentation to achieve the consistency of the whole and the perception that each of the points is connected and part of the same message.
7 Ways to Get Better Results From Your Online Business. In case you haven't noticed, there are a ton of people online talking about the same things. Building an online business isn't easy, and there are some hard realities you need to realize.
How Do Retail Stores Profit From Black Friday Sales?. In-store sales, like coupons and other similar concepts, are a form of price discrimination which can allow a business to make substantially more money.
What Can CMOs Learn From Major League Baseball?. What can CMOs learn from the MLB's logo success? It may seem obvious, but it's simple
Social Media and the Introverted Leader. Interestingly (and fortunately), using social media has been key for finding the balance that lets me think, work and connect most productively.
Five Cyber Security Takeaways From the Mid-Term elections. While not a much-discussed topic during campaign season, federal policy on cyber-security will likely see some material changes as a result of a Republican-controlled Senate. Just how significant those changes will be have yet to be determined, but here are some thoughts on probably outcomes.
The Hard Truth About the Current State of Soft Skills in the U.S.. The tradeoff between hard and soft skills appear to be most at play in professional capacities such as accounting, finance and law, where people are trained and hired for their extreme analytical capabilities.
McDonald's Drops Rights to \You Deserve a Break\. If you think that \You deserve a break today\ is a bit corny, realize that a McDonald's executive raised that same objection when the line was pitched.
Shark Tank Contestants Share Their Top Lessons Learned. I asked former Shark Tank contestants to share their biggest lessons, they generously agreed and candidly shared these 15 valuable business lessons learned from bravely putting their businesses in front of \the sharks.\
A League of His Own. Lewis Howes is a former professional football player who turned a career-ending injury into a springboard into entrepreneurship. Starting with nothing but an obsession to learn about business and marketing, he has since built a multi-million dollar media empire.
The Most Important Symbol for Investors Is 'DOL'. The right decision by the DOL will help stop the rip-off of 401(k) participants by wolves in sheep's clothing, who misuse their privileged position as \adviser\ to 401(k) plans to make unconscionable profits at the expense of employees. It's long overdue.
How to Get the Best Personal Branding Image. During my time as a personal branding photographer I have seen some interesting corporate images. I have seen photos that have been taken in a bar, on street corners, in living rooms. Many are fuzzy, low res, grainy and too dark or too light.
Super Majority Without The Super Power. Recognizing the power of the purse and the women who carry them should be a priority for companies if they are going to tap their respective market's full potential. Corporate America would be smart to follow the money.
Design for Every Day. As I walk through the factory with our host, Shamain, our conversation is marked by the sound of machinery with metal hitting against metal--only the presence of guide dogs and dark glasses on some of the workers belie the company mission.
Obamacare Shoppers Get Sneak Peek At New Prices. 
Welcome to the Age of Context-Driven Sales and Marketing. 
Branson Pickle. In the end, it is Branson, propelled by an overarching sense of boyhood adventure, or desperate folly, and rocketing to establish himself in the pantheon of brave travel pioneers, who has become entangled in a Gordian knot of his own vainglorious making and from which he does not know how to untie himself.
Reinvent Yourself. Many of us feel like we are stuck on a path we can't change. Maybe it's the time already invested or fear that making a change could actually be a worse mistake. But the majority of successful entrepreneurs and professionals make a leap into uncharted territory.
These 10 Companies Pay Americans The Least. 
Analysis. In the end, Ernst concludes, both the U.S. and China have a strong interest in finding a compromise during the APEC Summit. From the U.S. perspective, a mini ITA-2 without China would be an oxymoron. Not only is China the world biggest smart-phone market, it is also by far the most important market for U.S. semiconductor firms.
Doritos-Flavored Mountain Dew Is Real, PepsiCo Confirms. 
Quit Taking It Personally With Your Job Search. I find myself thinking \it's about me\ when really whatever fill-in-the-blank scenario has nothing at all to do with me. Many jobseekers struggle in this area as well in ways that ultimately hold them back from moving forward, especially when it comes to reaching out to people.
Women in Business. Julie has over 23 years experience in TV, DVD and online productions. Before co-founding JA Digital, she was Head of Multi-Camera at Done & Dusted for a very successful 8 years.
Banking Saves Health Care. The problem that confronts health care represents a lucrative business opportunity for the industry that does data transaction best
The Driving Force Behind the U.S. Oil Boom. Behind the stardom of the explorers and producers who have put themselves on the revolutionary shale map and absorb most of the risk--are the service providers who make up a highly lucrative market segment.
How Sustainable Luxury Can Save The Planet. 
Unleash the Rebels!. Sometimes people get the \rebels\ and the \complainers\ mixed up, but there is a big difference between the two. When rebels criticize, they follow up their criticism with a suggestion for a solution. The complainers, however, they just love complaining.
Is Job Hunting During the Holidays a Waste of Time?. Because so many job seekers slack off during the end of the year, for the holidays or just because they have more to do in their personal lives, fewer job seekers go after every job. Which means less competition for most jobs.
People Are Listening and You Haven't Said a Word Yet. This means your appearance, your body language, and the way you carry yourself are identifiers of what you are about. Think of it like being the front cover of a book; the content could be extraordinary, but if it doesn't scream \pick me up!\ only a select few actually will.
World's Most Innovative Companies. Asia declares a new primacy on the list, particularly with Japanese firms and, perhaps most notable of all, the first China-based company to make the annual ranking. Concurrently, some traditional powers, including the United States and France, have ceded representation among the Top 100.
Subscribing to Success. There are many examples of new subscription models upsetting the status quo. Spotify, with its membership-based streaming music service, flipped iTunes on its head and caused Apple to launch a radio service.
How Smart Branding Can Revitalize Your Company. Branding is no longer an optional marketing extension that you can choose to employ or ignore.
Women in the Boardroom. It might be useful to look at some of the dynamics of the boardroom with a gendered lens (although I would quickly add, to focus on what is observed from the dominant group's members and those from the non-dominant group members).
The Missing Link. 
Is 'The World's Most Secretive Company' Opening Up?. Apple became the world's most valuable company for a number of complex reasons, including the design genius of its brilliant founder. But when you look under the surface, it is more open than you might think.
Why You Can't Leave People to Their Own (Wearable) Devices. The hard truth is that leading a healthy lifestyle isn't about buying something, or wearing something, or consuming something. It's about doing something.
Curating Relationship Building to Accelerate Onboarding. 
How Millennials Are Changing the Workplace. Some people say that millennials are littler narcissists and describe them as the \me, me, me generation.\ Others, are more optimistic and they realize the importance and opportunity that millennials can bring to the workforce.
Going Against the Flow. 
Impossible Goals and My Quest to Lose 175 Pounds. Some people think aiming to lose 175 pounds is insane. For me, it is the only way to get there. When I've set \impossible\ goals in a business setting, I've always made them. I get excited and motivated. Small goals don't interest me at all.
Every Inspirational Visionary Has a Crystal Ball... How Well Can You Read Yours?. By removing yourself from the pressure, following these steps, and embracing the potential and opportunity of your own \crystal ball,\ you can bring your vision to life.
Women in Business. 
10 Big Ways The Government May Be Wasting Taxpayer Money. 
Women in Business. Robin Goldberg is the Chief Marketing Officer of the Minerva Project, a groundbreaking venture to reinvent the university experience for the world's brightest and most motivated students.
Richard Branson. 
10 States Slashing Education Spending. 
10 States Where Poverty Is Worse Than You Think. 
Zombie Brands. When companies and products die, their brands often live on. From Napster and Pan Am to Woolworth and Mister Donut - zombie brands abound. They have been resuscitated, redefined, or kept alive by unusual means.
Will This Be the China Century?. China reported its economy grew \only\ 7.3 percent in the third quarter, below the projected 7.5 percent. If China fails to meet its target for the year, it will be the first time since 1998. China's long-term growth prospects seem weaker still.
WTO in Seattle - 15 Years Ago. A generation ago, trade deals were about trade. They were really boring, with incomprehensible names. The WTO broadened those goals from boring tariffs to policies that are normally settled through democratic accountable political processes.
New Gainful Employment Rule Is Weak, but Predatory For-profit Colleges Remain on the Ropes. The administration had the opportunity, through a strong gainful employment rule, \u00a0to demand here and now that federal aid only go to career education programs that were truly helping their students. It\u00a0didn't seize the chance.
How the Recession Is Still Hurting Millennials. Employment -- and the income that comes with it -- marks the ability to move from dependence to independence, and when there are fewer opportunities to make this leap, development is stunted.
B2B and Social Media Content Marketing. 
If You Had A Verizon Family Plan In The 2000s, There's Some Cash Coming Your Way. 
Mutual Selection Process. 
The Scariest Job In America. Americans think being a politician is scarier than being a mortician or an infectious disease doctor. In fact, there's no job in the U.S. that workers fear more than being an elected official, according to a nationwide survey by CareerBuilder.
46 Hours of Tape | Goldman Sachs, The Fed & Carmen Segarra. The aftermath of the tapes will mean even deeper regulatory scrutiny and tougher regulators. Firms need to be prepared by better coordinating their Compliance Program throughout the firm, drafting better policies and procedures and continuing to develop credible relationships with regulators.
iconic32 Launches in New York City With Common and Malik Yoba. With the star power of rapper/actor Common and actor/entrepreneur Malik Yoba, iconic32's launch party demonstrated how simple it is to be a force for social good while also enjoying the privileges of being among the world's leading consumer classes.
Going Against the Flow. Brittany Hodak is the co-founder of ZinePak, an entertainment startup that helps celebrities and brands better engage with their superfans.
The Hiring Guru. 
Business Etiquette. If you spend most of your week in an office environment, you probably know that working closely with colleagues can be a productive, rewarding experience. You also know that their quirks, bad habits, and thoughtlessness can slowly drive you insane.
What Every Mumpreneur Should Know Before Starting a Business. 
Detainees Sue Private Prison Over Forced Labor. 
These Are The Most Googled Halloween Costumes In Each State. 
Does Raising the Minimum Wage Hurt Employment? Evidence from China. Raising the minimum wage is a polarizing issue. One side worries that raising it will lower employment. The other side downplays the impact on employment and plays up the positive impact on the living standards of the poor.
25 European Banks Fail Stress Test. 
States With The Widest Gap Between Rich And Poor. 
Why Many Good Mortgage Loans Are Not Being Made. The housing sector today is not providing the economic stimulus we had come to expect during periods of economic recovery. A major reason is that the underwriting rules and practices are much stricter today than they were before the financial crisis.
25 Of Europe's Banks Fail Stress Test. 
The ECB Assessment of Eurozone Banks' Health Will Not Dissipate Fundamental Questions. After months of waiting, we just received the results of the assessment of the health of Eurozone banks by their new supervisory authority
24 European Banks Fail EBA Stress Test. Since the global economy imploded into systemic crisis in 2008, central banks and regulating authorities in major economies throughout North America and Europe have held periodic stress tests, apparently in an effort to reassure the public.
Dysfunctional Levels in Nonprofit Boards and Organizations. Article and studies from a Google search on \Dysfunctions in Nonprofit Boards & Organizations\ yields 445,000 items in .32 of a second.  These items show dysfunctions on charter school boards, church boards, health care boards, trade associations, etc.
The White Paper Is Not Dead. White papers seem to be falling out of favor. Perhaps our preferred screens have become too small and our attention spans too short. Or maybe it's the perception that white papers are only for large, corporations selling complex technologies.
3 Lessons on Financial Inclusion and the Sharing Economy. Why is it that despite new technologies and widespread innovation, today's financial sector provides such ill-fitting products and services to so many people and leaves so many more entirely unserved? We are missing a huge opportunity for business, policy and society alike - a missed opportunity with lasting negative effects
Lululemon Partners With Dalai Lama, Enrages Critics. 
Amazon's Jeff Bezos Is Still The World's Best CEO By One Measure. 
The 10 Least Livable Countries. 
How Sophia Broke the Rules for Advice Based Businesses. You see Sophia completely smashes the myth that advice based business has to be done face to face -- and in particular that financial advice has to be face to face -- and cannot be done online.
10 Bizarre Ebola 'Products' People Are Actually Trying To Sell. Yes, these items are actually being advertised for sale on the Internet.
Shares Of Hazmat-Suit Maker Spike On NYC Ebola News. Shares soared 16 percent on Thursday.
Krugman. 
Uber Riders In NYC Not At Risk Of Ebola, Uber Says. 
Um, What Is Going On Here?. A bologna cake?
Brooklyn Bowling Alley 'The Gutter' To Reopen After Ebola Cleanup. 
Why Spain's Poor Fear Goldman Sachs. 
Tech Company Makes Gun That Could Help Prevent Police Brutality. 
Vitaminwater Pressured To Pay People Who Thought It Was A Health Drink. 
Embracing 'Showrooming'. You can't fight the Internet and you can't bite the hand that feeds you. Instead, it's time to reinvent retail and embrace showrooming.
Shock and Awe. What is your most important (valuable/profitable) prospect group? What's your shock-and-awe package and campaign? Create one this week.
How to Become a Connective Leader Who Fosters Conviviality  and Collaboration. To boost bonding among others so they are more apt to work (or play) well together, ask them, when together, to do two powerfully simple things that can be done rather quickly.
Enough About Disruption. Those not plunging into the brave new world on our doorstep risk being left behind because the disruptions that have gripped us so tightly will certainly keep coming. So, what does the new normal mean for traditional media?
Thinking of Investing Through Crowdfunding?. It's important that all investors use their 'investment sense' with proper due diligence prior to involvement and before paying for any offered security. Otherwise, investors stand to lose it all.
Krugman. 
Body Language Speaks Loud and Clear. While I believe small talk is BIG, non-verbal communication is small-talk's best friend. As the saying goes
Decimate Wall Street. In a speech October 20, New York Federal Reserve Bank President William Dudley proposed that a major chunk of pay for all senior executives at a particular bank be forfeited when the bank violates the law.
The Aha Behind Leading Aha Moments. Leadership is not about the leader, but rather the leader's ability to inspire and enable others. Thus leadership Aha moments are not about the leader having the Aha, but enabling others to have their own Aha moments.
Learning About Effective Leadership by Rappelling Waterfalls. In executive coaching, I have clients hurtling themselves toward a goal. They want to get \there\ no matter what. Then there are the adrenaline junkies who enjoy the risk of chaos, taking pride in not needing methods and plans.
3 Million Reasons for Small Business Owners to Believe. 
How Using Tinder Made Me a Better Salesperson. My advice to any new salesperson is to give Tinder a shot, experience firsthand how the practical sales process works in a social context, and most importantly don't be afraid to get creative. Vary your pitching style, take the prospect's temperature and prescribe your selling style accordingly.
Social Media Is Dead. Actually, social media is slowly morphing into Digital Media -- an umbrella that covers Social, Mobile, Web, Games, and Apps.
Cities That Work for Everyone. Cities, some would argue, are the world's greatest inventions, bringing productivity and opportunity to billions. But for many, cities are a hellhole of poverty and violence offering no visible way out.
Maintaining an Entrepreneurial Spirit in the C-Suite. Adapt, change, or die. No one knows this statement to be true more than the executive teams in the c-suite. They know that when companies stop adapting or changing - they die.
One Way Chipotle Has Completely Revolutionized How We Eat. 
How The First National Podcasting Conference Launched With A $30,000 Kickstarter Campaign. 
Telling Stories. Stories convey information in a very unique way. Plus, they're so much more interesting and engaging than facts, bar graphs or pie charts.
Marketing Evolution Is Failing In The C-Suite. Marketing must evolve, and comfort must be left in the rearview. The way things have always been done isn't the way they should be done going forward. Unless you believe the consumer landscape hasn't changed in the past 5-10 years. Oh, and in case you aren't sure...It has.
One of the Biggest Leadership Myths. People think that being a leader means that you always have to be perfect.  The belief is that leaders are high up, and, therefore, unapproachable.  What if this weren't true?
In Marketing. You want those creative folks with innovation flowing through their veins in your company. If you want math and science in all your marketing campaigns and department, you're in the wrong business.
The Two Types of Brands (and the Entrepreneurs Behind Them). Recently, I was having a discussion with branding expert David Brier on the sometimes questionable state of brands today. He laughingly mentioned a client who recently asked, \How did you know? You must have time traveled to know what we'd need.\
Poppin's 'Work Happy' Slogan Starts With Its Own Employees. 
What Josh Altman (Million Dollar Listing LA) Taught Me About Networking. 
A Business Model for Marijuana. ith 23 states plus the District of Columbia enacting marijuana programs we are now steam rolling. And what is going to take place next is the final step and watershed moment for the industry.
6 Fundamentals of Being an Authority in Your Field. Being seen as an authority in your field is pretty much your ticket to building a successful business - it is most certainly a requirement to having long term relationships with your clients.
These Countries Hate Their Government Most. 
Time Warner Cable's Advertised $89.99 Triple Play. You can never, ever get the advertised price because it doesn't include many of the fixed costs, like the set top box, not to mention it is littered with pass-throughs of the company's taxes and fees, including the cable franchise fees.
Nonprofit Risk and Crisis Management. The nonprofit leadership literature recommends that every nonprofit organization have a comprehensive crisis management plan, but it has little focus on risk. Perhaps nonprofit boards are too risk averse and are really unable to maximize their resources to assist clients?
Chipotle Founder Calls Competition From Fast Food 'A Joke'. 
Women in Business. Heather Andrus is the Senior Vice President of Product Development for Euro-Pro, since her appointment in September of 2013. On a daily basis she strives to create compelling products for consumers by understanding the world that they live in, as well as their needs, motivations and desires.
Socialist Party Pushing $20 Minimum Wage Defends $13-An-Hour Job Listing. 
Ben & Jerry's Won't Rename 'Hazed & Confused'. The company says the ice cream has nothing to do with hazing.
Here's The Job That's Most Unique To Each State. 
Ten Rules for Business Success Survive a Century. Business success is still more about the people than the technology or idea involved. As an angel investor and a mentor to entrepreneurs I still see this every day.
When the Customer Is Wrong. Yes, the customer is important and it is good business to deliver a great experience, but NOT at the sacrifice of you, your people, or your ability to serve other more appreciative customers.
How to Complain to the Boss. A short, concise email is always more effective than a lengthy missive. Plus you're more likely to get issues addressed when you raise them individually rather than a laundry list of everything you want to see changed.
How to Have More Money, Time, Fun and Happiness, Overnight and Guaranteed!. Plan out your dream and then damn well go and do the dream because I think we're both adult enough to accept that planning dreams does little to nothing to make them come true if you don't also take now action on those dreams, yeah?
How to Start a Successful Business With a Family Member. We've all heard the same axiom time and time again... Never mix business and pleasure. So what do you do when you decide you want to launch a startup with your spouse?
Millennials & The Music Business. 
Brand Integrity. 
Take Action Without Overthinking. 
All for What? Evaluate Your Life Day. Mark your calendars. October 19th is National Evaluate Your Life Day. Didn't know there was such a thing? Me neither, until a colleague forwarded a list of off-beat holidays you can celebrate in October.
3 Ways You Can Be a More Positive Leader. What kind of leader are you? No matter what your job title says, each of us have the ability to consistently bring out the best -- or the worst -- in other people around us. So how does the way you show up, impact others around you?
$10.10 Minimum Wage Would Save The U.S. Government $7.6 Billion A Year. \Raising the minimum wage is one simple and long-overdue step toward rebalancing the social contract so that the private and public sectors are more equal participants in improving living standards for American workers.\
Where Will Chinese Investors Go?. It will be interesting to see whether the USA changes its policy on quotas because of a falloff in investment by these wealthy Chinese nationals -- and whether other nations try to take advantage of this falloff by changing their policies.
Cultures Connect. 
The Architect of Germany's Third Industrial Revolution. The architect of Germany's energy revolution, economist Jeremy Rifkin, argues that green energy critics have it backwards when it comes to the impact of renewable energy on economic growth.
How the Sharing Economy Is Changing Your Halloween Costume Search. The emergence of the online sharing economy is giving people still another costume option that a few years ago wasn't available.
Protect Your Franchise from the Same Fate as McDonald's. The National Labor Relations Board's recent ruling labeling McDonald's as a joint employer of their franchisees struck a current of fear into most franchisors. In many ways, the ruling was an attempt to redefine the role of the franchise in employee disputes.
The Three Imperatives of Authentic Branding. More and more people are seeking out brands with authentic stories. Brands with authentic stories should live and leverage those stories. Brand without those stories can't make them up. (In the information age truth will out.) Instead, they should build them -- not as marketing gimmicks, but as part of their brand essence and organizational culture.
Your Tax Refund -- Fastest, Biggest, and Easiest? Not So Much!. Let's look at the most prevalent (often least true) claims and go over some ways that you can make them more truth than fiction.
True North at Southwest Airlines. Recently on a return flight from New Orleans to Houston I removed a copy of their in-flight magazine with a cover story (above) of this new brand graphics and message.
Why Manufacturers Should Support Ending Crude Oil Export Ban. The largely unanticipated boom in oil production in the last five years has revived a debate over whether the United States should reverse the forty-year old ban on exports of crude oil.
The Hottest Snack In America Right Now Is Gourmet Dehydrated Meat. 
Ignore Bad Advice About Declining Stock Prices. Not surprisingly, the market's volatility and rapid decline brought out the worst in the financial media. The amount of misinformation currently out there is staggering. I can only deal with the tip of the iceberg here.
How Colleges Can Grow Women Participation In Computer Science Programs. The growing effort to encourage women towards computer science careers could not be more exciting to see. I was among the early group of women to enter a university computer science program while in college years ago.
The Deficit Is Down and the Deficit Hawks Are Furious. Not only is the deficit down sharply from its levels of 2009 and 2010, when it was near 10 percent of GDP, it is below the levels that even the deficit hawks had targeted back in those years. In other words, even if we had followed the lead of deficit crusaders like Erskine Bowles and Alan Simpson, the deficit would be no lower today.
Why and How to Eliminate Mortgage Charges by Third Parties. Third-party settlement costs could be eliminated by implementation of one simple rule
Workplace Bully -- So Not Cool!. Despite many organizations seeking an authentic workplace culture, behaviors of bullying causing lack of expression, is still evident at large.
Want to Be More Memorable? Create Your Own Personal Connection Story. 
Nobel Prize In Economics Awarded To Jean Tirole. 
Golfing Your Way to Success. Have you ever wondered what golf has to do with success? If, like for many of us, it has never crossed your mind, allow me to share the new insights I have gained about golf through the online Global Latino Summit.
Failed Job Interview? Blame It On Your Reptile Brain. Whether you're attempting to land your dream job or forge great relationships with colleagues or customers, feeling at home inside your own self matters most. And what matters most to others is knowing they can trust that you are who you say you are.
Do Minimum Wage Increases Benefit the Middle Class?. This is not to argue against minimum wage increases as much as to argue that this remedy must not be substituted for reforms at deeper levels.
Finding A Video Poker Bug Made Them Rich -- Until Vegas Made Them Pay. 
The 10 States With The Worst Quality Of Life. 
Real Estate Investing. Comparing the investment benefits derived from buying scattered single family homes and condominium units, versus multifamily rental properties is a no brainier.
Women in Business. Cynthia is also an inspiring speaker, entrepreneur, national columnist and contributing editor to Success Magazine, and was a featured guest on the Oprah Winfrey Show when Oprah launched the Angel Network.
Women in Business. 
JPMorgan CEO Asks For Help With Data Breaches. 
Conservatives Proven Utterly Wrong On Key Aspect Of Obamacare. 
Tesla Unveils The D At Event In LA. 
MAG. 
Shared Understanding. I fell in love with technology when I met my first computer and learned to program. But my husband has no cause for jealousy because my love of technology is instrumental.
Why Tesla Didn't Release A Fully Driverless Car. 
Founders Finding Funding From Friends May Be Fools. In their passion to succeed, too many entrepreneurs treat friends and family investments as \low-hanging\ fruit, only to find out later, after a stumble, that the pain of lost relationships is greater than the loss of their beloved startup.
Beyond Work/Life Balance. Despite what the media might tell women, you don't have to choose one way of life over the other forever. You can, in fact, change your mind. You can choose and re-choose the direction of your own adventure.
10 Reasons To Work With A Broker During Your Next Office Search. Just like attorneys and medical professionals, commercial brokers have specialized knowledge that can prove invaluable during an office search.
Comcast Apologizes To Man Who Was Fired After Complaining Of Nightmare Service. 
Profiting From the Speed of Change. 
This Is What It's Like To Work For One Of America's Most Iconic Brands For 24 Years. 
Multiple New Hires? Consider Batch Onboarding NOW.. 
Here's Why Small Businesses Are More Important Than You Ever Imagined. 
80 Percent Of Female Restaurant Workers Say They've Been Harassed By Customers. 
Are You a Leader Who Laughs?. With the pressures of leadership, you have a choice -- to get upset or to get a laugh. Getting upset boosts your blood pressure; laughing and a lighthearted culture can boost your productivity and your influence.
Noah's Ark Theme Park Plans To Only Hire People Who Believe Biblical Flood Actually Happened. 
5 Easy Steps to Becoming a Woman of Action. 
Fracking's Unexpected Benefit. If the U.S. is to reap the maximum benefits from the development of this resource, whether in manufacturing or in the quality of life of its citizens, it needs coherent federal strategies and partnerships that will build public appreciation of the impacts in all dimensions, and at global, national and local scales.
How Marketers Should Appeal to Women. Marketers targeting a female audience need to understand the critical difference between men and women. Namely, women cycle and men consummate.
Why Shaking Hands Is Still Better Than Fist-Bumping. I have asked a handful (pun intended) of adults why they fist-bump and most of the time the response is something along the lines of
Why Beauty Matters at Work, and Not in the Way You Might Think. Leaders know that making your products and customer spaces beautiful is essential to business.  But many organizations miss the mark because they don't carry the concept through to the employee's domain.
Women in Business. 
America's Underground Chinese Restaurant Workers. 
Go Ahead, Act Like a Guy. \Whatever you do, don't use your hands when you speak.\ Many female clients in my consulting practice have told me that other, uh, advisors, of the male variety, imparted this conventional \wisdom.\  Why?  Because \gestures will make you look aggressive or unprofessional!\  Huh?
The Future Is Blurry!. I know there are tomes written and forests felled to provide the paper for all that has been written about vision and mission, but let me give you my tuppence worth to clarify how I define vision and mission.
Consciously Designing Your Ideal Business. Once you've consciously envisioned the life you desire, it's time to consciously design your ideal business. From my perspective, this begins by defining the powerful difference you are passionate to make through your life and business.
A Speech Is All About the Word 'About'. Your customers expect you to aim for the center of their lives and to immediately grasp the predicaments they face every day. That means you need to talk about them, not just to them.
Why Careers Are a Thing of the Past. In short, millennials don't like commitments, and jobs are no exception. The average millennial is expected to change between 15 and 20 jobs in the course of his or her working years; long gone is the lifelong loyalty to a corporation with steadfast servitude for years on end, waiting for the next promotion.
Conventional Versus FHA. Don't jump to the conclusion that the better choice is the mortgage with the lower interest rate. FHAs carry a lower interest rate but largely because of their high insurance premiums, they usually (but not always) cost the borrower more.
The Top 10 Challenges of Briefing Designers. One of the biggest mistakes made by clients is that they believe they know their customers very well already. They might see true fans of their product at a trade show but never take the time to experience the true context for the product.
A PS to Harvard Business Review Blog Post. In any organization, top management changes cause staff insecurity and unrest. Old comfortable patterns will be broken. Resistance to change will likely occur. Board members must provide strong support for changes that are needed.
Six Years Later, We're Still Litigating the Bailouts. Here's What We Know.. 
When Talent Started Driving Economic Growth. As with all theoretical revolutions, supply-side economics revealed its shortcomings when put to use and its star has now faded. But it held sway in the halls of power in the early days of the talent revolution -- a decade whose seismic shift is still sending out aftershocks.
Retailers Hiring The Most Employees For The Holidays. 
6 Customer Experience Lessons From a Digital Business Pioneer. Functioning as the Publisher and Vice President of Content at Kraft Sports Productions, including the New England Patriots, Fred Kirsch is truly a technology innovator and someone who is focused on digital business transformation.
Women in Business. Becky Taylor has worked in the field of education more than 35 years.  She began her career, as a Special Education teacher, serving students identified with mental impairments, learning disabilities and behavior disabilities.
Hackers Cracked 10 Financial Institutions. 
How to Make Daily Progress in Your Business. Progress is important to growing your business, and you must take daily action in order to make progress. The key is pacing yourself. Get a clear vision of where you want to go and then determine what you can do daily to get you closer to your goals.
3 Reasons Why Millennials Remain a Complete Mystery to You. Millennials are rewriting the rules of the workplace and, like the end of the dinosaur age, the corporate world is struggling to catch on.
The Bad Habit of Good Habits. Routines become habits and habits can define a person to the point they stop defining themselves. If the formation of a habit is the beginning of such a process, can it be that intentional self-awareness leads to different results?
It Takes Guts to Share Authentically, But When You Do, You Change Lives. Any successful thought leader will tell you sharing useful and interesting information can be powerful in building a positive reputation and solid credibility. But sometimes just sharing information is not enough and like the old marketing adage says, \You should show not tell.\
Manufacturing's New Virtuous Cycle. With this much change underfoot, you have to be on top of your game, learning and assessing how this manufacturing world is changing fast. If you don't keep up now, chances are good that you won't benefit from this new cycle of change.
3 Tips for Starting Your Own Business at Any Age. I have learned a lot on my journey and people often ask me for tips on how to start a business. Here are three of my favorites if you are thinking about getting in line to ride the \encore career\ roller coaster.
The \Right to Request\ Flexibility. One fear that some managers have in granting the request is that if they give it to one employee, they will have to give it to everyone.  Because of that fear, what may occur is the original flexibility request goes under the radar and is a negotiated \deal\ between that employee and their manager.
Companies 'Doing the Right Thing' -- For Young Employees With Cancer. Today's column will look at two more companies that \did the right thing\ for their employees impacted by Cancer. I'll profile the two young women and how their diagnosis was treated.
Face to Face with SHE -- Insights from WPP Stream Health and TEDMED 2014. Two weeks ago I attended WPP Stream Health in Orlando, the \unconference\ hosted by Grey Healthcare and ended in San Francisco at TEDMED 2014.  The theme of both gatherings was unleashing imagination and collaboration to redesign our approach to building a healthier world.
5 Types of Web Content for Driving Extra Traffic. Trying out something new shouldn't be feared -- don't do it if it doesn't feel right, but perhaps you're going to surprise yourself by realizing that there are different types of people who consume different types of content.
We're Going Back To Counting Calories...And Here's Why That's A Good Thing. 
Can a Tiny Habit Shape Your Success?. Ever stumble across a great idea or a new way to show up and be more effective in your career, and promise yourself
Why We Won't Have An Ebola Cure Or Vaccine For Years. 
The Power of a 'Selfie' -- A Misunderstood Tool to Increase Your Confidence in Business. If you truly want to become successful in your business, imagine yourself as you have already achieved your goal.
Housing Barometer. Three out of five Housing Barometer measures are getting close to normal. But the two measures that hitch housing to the broader economy are still struggling, so the job market and housing market aren't helping each other as they should.
Marketing Titans. 
Ebola Outbreak Shows Deadly Costs Of Inequality. 
Let's Ban Handshakes At Work And Start Fist-Bumping. 
What Happened When We Went A Week Without An Inbox. The email ban included not only emails amongst ourselves but also with clients. We set up auto-responders to let people know we weren't checking email and encouraged them to call us instead.
A Better Leader by Sitting in Front of Your Computer?. 
From Bad to Worse. While we may be past the worst of the Great Recession, many companies still feel the need to stretch the human resources they have as far as possible. It's no surprise, then, that we're still experimenting with ways to pump up productivity while deflating costs.
Pepsi Launches 60-Calorie Soda With Controversial Ingredient. 
Can We Trust Uber?. As I saw during my time in venture capital, it's the little things that reveal what a company is all about at its core.
Women in Business. 
Is No One Legally Liable for a Defectively Installed Handicap  Accessible Shower Bench?. 
Putting the Emphasis Where It Belongs. A leader's primary role is to advance her team and to engage their collective talents towards the goals that they have set. How she performs individually is of little consequence if the process falls behind schedule or comes in over budget. When the team wins she wins.
Why The Fed Failed Lehman Brothers. 
The 80/20 View of Anger. Anger, like pain, can be instructive.  But, like pain, you can have too much of a bad thing.  Only a small proportion of anger is useful.  When it comes to anger, most of us really are our own worst enemies.
Women in Business. 
It's Not Your Imagination, Your Health Insurance Has Gotten Worse. 
Germany To Consider Ban On Late-Night Work Emails. 
Hardly Strictly Warren Hellman. For inspiration on how to manage the flexibility that accompanies Phase 4 of the Four Phases of Startup Life -- the What's Next? stage that comes after a liquidity event -- look to Warren Hellman.
10 Companies Cutting The Most Jobs. 
Hedge Funds Are Richer Than Ever. 
Air France Cancels More Flights As Strike Stretches On. 
Goldman Sachs Changes Policy In Wake Of Damning Report. 
Can a Nonprofit Find Strategic Ways to Grow in Difficult Times?. Nonprofits have always had to struggle to meet their client needs, even when economic conditions and social turmoil were much less constraining than today. How can mid-level nonprofits uncover growth opportunities in the present environment?
Autonomy. We could be forgiven for thinking this is a vaguely interesting gewgaw in a world benumbed by technological gadgetry.  The iPhone Six is out, for crying out loud...  But like those who scoffed at Karl Benz's strange \Motorwagen\ in 1900, we'd be overlooking a revolution.
How Much Beer The World Drinks, In 1 Interactive Globe. 
Women in Business. 
Birth Control Is Free Under Obamacare, But Not Everyone Got The Memo. 
Politics and Real Estate in the U.S.. Regardless of who becomes President in 2016, or what the composition of Congress may be, hard choices will continue to need to be made about a whole range of issues, such as how much funding should be allocated to subsidize mortgages or support affordable housing
Here's What A Billionaire's Social Calendar Looks Like. 
5 Habits Of Highly Mobile Executives. 
Jack in the Box Game Targets Millennials. 
LEGO's Girl Problem Starts With Management. This summer, LEGO launched a minor revolution. It introduced professional women -- scientists, no less -- into its latest toy line aimed at girls. The new figurines -- called \minifigs\ by Lego die-hards -- feature a female palaeontologist, an astronomer, and a chemist. They sold out on the first day.
As E-commerce Grows Around the World, China Leads. In terms of online purchase intentions, China is clearly several steps ahead of the rest of the world.  But we believe what is happening in China will quickly happen elsewhere.
The Most Overlooked Opportunity in American Business Today. More than four million positions are vacant right now in the United States. Businesses are looking at a future where their need for qualified people is only growing. The problem is, we're thinking about qualifications in the wrong way.
Killing the Moment -- It's Time to Do Your Events Differently. My daughter called this afternoon after class and on her way to work at the library to tell me about how here teacher decided to dress down the class after they had all done small teaching sessions at a summer camp.
A Solution To The Massively Disengaged Workforce [Slide Deck]. 
How to Leverage Intuition in Decision-making. It may feel safer to rely on logic or the opinions of others, but your gut instinct isn't just a willy-nilly mush of emotions, it's the sum of the subtle information that your brain has collected, but hasn't yet fully processed. It's your own inner wisdom.
Hospitals In States That Won't Expand Medicaid Left With More Unpaid Bills. 
What Should I Do if an Employee Is a Liar?. We need to be careful not to assume that individuals are guaranteed to repeat past behavior. Such assumptions can limit a person's ability to learn and grow. But, how can we know if an employee is going to repeat past behavior such as illicit drug use, theft, or bribery?
The Mysteries of Inequality Are Only Mysterious to Elites. We have the central bank of the US acting deliberately to keep workers from getting pay increases. They justify their actions over concerns about inflation, but we need not take these seriously. Who knows what they believe, but the real-world risk of a dangerous inflationary spiral ranks alongside the risk of attacks by Martians.
Ask Your Employees These 4 Simple Questions to Elicit Productive Feedback. As an entrepreneur or executive, you often get caught up in the \bigger picture\ and the intricacies of your leadership role. But by doing so, it is possible to become disconnected from your impact on employees, customers and suppliers.
Virgin's Unlimited Vacation Plan For Workers May Not Be As Good As It Seems. 
Obamacare Critics Just Lost Another Talking Point. 
(VIDEO) WPP Ups Investment in AppNexus as \The only alternative to align with Facebook or Google,\ Martin Sorrell. 
Lead from Within. When you think of a great leader who comes to your mind? Richard Branson, Arianna Huffington, Tony Hsieh, Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Nelson Mandela, or Martin Luther King, Jr.? What are some of the characteristics that we are able to witness from these wonderful leadership role models?
The Road Between Employment and Entrepreneurship. Last time, I wrote about how traveling the road between employment and entrepreneurship is just one way to grow and develop as a person; to connect with the essence of who you are.
4 Tips for Female Executives As They Climb the Corporate Ladder. Women frequently do not have the same level of support or development opportunities that men enjoy -- because they lack peers and mentors. Here are some tips I share with the female executives I coach, as they climb the corporate ladder.
Another Step Toward Ecological Seafood Menus. In the seafood trade, you can reassert your civic right, whether chef or consumer, to know what you are buying, where it is from and how the fish you want was harvested, or raised. Still, your rights are only real if exercised.
America's Richest States. 
Why Ordinary People Bear Economic Risks and Donald Trump Doesn't. In America, people with lots of money can easily avoid the consequences of bad bets and big losses by cashing out at the first sign of trouble. But workers who move to a place like Atlantic City for a job and invest in a home have no such protection.
How to Pick a Lifestyle Consistent with Your Passion. Too many people, young and older, let their career and their lifestyle happen to them, rather than proactively making things happen based on their personal passions, skills, and interests.
Reinvent Your Business Model or Die. One of the key components of transformation and innovation is the business model, and since the ability of companies to transform and reinvent themselves is crucial to their lifeline, I went straight to the source.
This Man Got A Surprise $117,000 Medical Bill From Doctor He Didn't Know. 
Here Are The Most-Googled Brands In Each State. 
Better Board Governance. Is It the Same for Both Business and Nonprofit Organizations?. Several modest contrasts between the two entities reside in the relationship between board and staff. Many nonprofits are small organizations, with the staff being only one or two organizational levels below the board.
Women in Business. Venus Hurst is no stranger to entrepreneurship. In 2001, she created Venus Staffing, an agency specializing in promotional and event model staffing. More recently, Hurst has focused on her latest endeavor.
Surge Soda Again Sells Out On Amazon. 
Tesla Falls Yet Again As Wall Street Sobers On Stock. 
A Guide to Getting the Most of Going to Conferences. Don't leave it up to memory. Take a moment to reflect on the goals you made for the conference and decide if it is something that you want to repeat next year. If you really didn't get something awesome from it maybe your time and money would be better spent in another way.
A Numbers Story. Two tech billionaires and an entrepreneur walk into a bar.
How I Overcame the Fear of Public Speaking. In the past year and a half, I've given over 100 keynote speeches and hundreds of presentations, and things have changed dramatically. I still get nervous occasionally, but public speaking is now one of my favorite activities. Here are the five steps that have been most helpful in reducing my anxiety.
Talk to the Shield!. Leave your shield (and sword) at the office when attending events and you'll absolutely generate more prospects, more referrals, and more business. That is, if you're into that sort of thing.
How FICO's New Credit Score Will Impact Consumers. Fair Issac Corp., the creator of the widely used FICO score, is switching up how it computes credit scores. The new score, known as FICO 9, will be rolled out to the three major credit bureaus this fall. But what does this mean for consumers?
Apple Watch Tells Us That It Is Time to Get Serious About Jobs. All things being equal, Apple and other nominally American companies would be more efficient if they kept production closer to design and weren't shuffling $billions between Irish shell corporations and Caribbean banks.
Bloomberg. 
Mindsets and Diversity. What is a \mindset\? How are mindsets related to gender and other kinds of diversity (or its absence)? Do we all have mindsets? If so, does that make us bad? Are they easy to change?
Here's How Unfair The Tax System Is In Each State. 
One Formula to Lead and Live Better. We've all heard about the \power of positive thinking,\ but flick on the news, and you'll see the world seems to prefer tuning in to the negative most of the time.  Where's the good stuff? The answer
Home Depot Admits 56 Million Payment Cards At Risk After Cyber Attack. 
Help People With Disabilities Tap Their Abilities. While some people's disabilities are so significant that they will never be able to work, many people with disabilities can, with some reasonable accommodations, earn more, keep more of what they earn and even build assets for the future. How to make that happen?
How Crazy Rich You'd Be If You'd Invested in Chipotle, Starbucks And More. As an exercise in regret and jealousy, we've dug through thousands of feet of stock ticker tape (i.e. Yahoo and Google Finance) and picked out six food-based stocks that would've been very wise investments.
Why Dying In America Is Harder Than It Has To Be. 
Is The Federal Reserve Printing A Free Lunch?. I continue to believe that this grand Keynesian experiment will end in tears. Furthermore, when it ends badly, future generations will not be able to believe our stupidity.
The Real Secret of Successful Investors. Much of what counts these days as \financial news\ is simply a parade of self-styled \pros\ peering into their crystal balls and telling the rest of us how to time the market, pick outperforming stocks or select \hot\ mutual fund managers.
Loving, the Key for Wise Leaders. There seem to be two primary blocks to engaging in loving leadership within our organizations. The first has to do with our beliefs and the second is based on our limited or limiting definitions.
When the Core Is Shaky. The reasons to expand always sound strategically good. They might well be, but if the core is shaky, then you are building on a bad foundation. And that is a recipe for disaster.
Market Manipulators Are Back in Season for the Fed \Septaper\ Sequel. The summer is coming to an end without much success at the movie box office, but one \sequel\ has emerged a winner this week although its ultimate fate awaits further developments.
Famous Olive Garden Critic's One Suggestion. 
Are Your Strengths Undermining Your Success?. It sounds counter-intuitive but new research suggests while many workplaces have started to advocate the use of your strengths, there is a real potential for what you do best to become a career-limiting weakness.
10 Quotes Every Entrepreneur Needs to \Get\ to Succeed. Why was a 22-year-old CEO so quick to disregard a billion dollar offer? To me, Zuckerberg's brash action makes no sense. But Peter Theil argues that, for an entrepreneur like Zuckerberg, it makes perfect sense.
Trade Deals Set Their Sights on Public Workers. For much of this decade, Tea Party-backed lawmakers have been at war with public sector employees across the country. They've tried, and in a few cases succeeded, in taking away public servants' ability to collectively bargain. But now the battle is going abroad.
Meet the New Wolves of Wall Street. Wall Street is in the midst of some pretty massive changes right now. And I'm talking about Wall Street as it relates to Main Street. I'm talking about how individual investors are being courted (hunted) and cared for (killed) by the new wolves of Wall Street.
Ditch the Talking Points, Make Listening Points. You've been to this meeting. You and a bunch of peers are gathered to do some planning or training. Over lunch, a senior leader of the organization has been asked to come spend time with the gang. It's a great opportunity for both the leadership group and this senior leader to have exposure to each other.
Is Adversity Foe or Friend? -- Answer the 3 Questions of the Entrepreneurial Challenge. It's not just entrepreneurs that can turn adversity into opportunity. All people face startup-like challenges. And we all benefit from learning and perseverance. I believe much hinges on how we exercise our free will to create a personal resiliency.
Is Your Business Taking Over Your Life?. It's so easy to allow your business to overtake your life.  It's so easy to let your drive for success and your passion for what you are doing lead to 70-80 hour work weeks with no days off.  It's so easy to put your life on the back burner.
Improvise - Great Leaders Say Yes First. When leaders exhibit improvisational behaviors (such as flexibility, positivity and humor) people connect with them. Leaders build trust with their teams when they are positive, and those teams in turn, engage and want to perform.
The Most Educated Countries In The World. 
Heineken Rejects Takeover Offer From Beer Giant. 
JPMorgan Hackers Didn't Steal Any Money. 
8 Entrepreneurship Lessons From a Venture Capitalist. In her role as operating partner, Heidi Roizen is on the backlines of the deals where she manages the younger deal team, evaluates entrepreneurs and gives advice. Her experience of having played both the part of entrepreneur and venture capitalist has given her tremendous insight into what makes for a successful relationship.
Chemistry Lessons for Leaders. We are all familiar with the \chemistry\ factor in relationships and the chemical attraction metaphor; now we are learning that such insights are more than metaphor -- they are reality!
Major CVS Health Lawsuit Moves Ahead. 
Life Insurance Advisor. I've called myself other titles, masking that my income comes from the life insurance industry.  There are multiple reasons why my lifetime occupation became a semi-hidden secret. The industry itself went through the same kind of identity crisis.
The Worst Economies In The World. 
CAABS Drive Workplace Bullying. Everyone has a responsibility to collectively work together to prevent workplace bullying to ensure that bullies don't win and targets don't unnecessarily have to deal with abuse or suffer alone.
Apple CEO Tim Cook and his Moment of Open Culture. 
Psst! Disability Competitiveness. Just because I have a disability -- my right leg was amputated when I was 5 -- doesn't make me an expert on issues relating to disability and employment.  Like everyone else, I have to work at educating myself on facts and realities for people with disabilities.
5 Ways to Optimize Your Video Content and YouTube Channel. If you've been hard-at-work creating content, then you're probably aware at how powerful of video has become. If you weren't up-to-date on the popularity and influence that video content has, here are some mind-blowing stats courtesy of Digital Sherpa.
The Keys to Attracting More Customers on Twitter ~ via @OPENForum. Seeking a real return on your social media relationships? Prove your business is customer obsessed by employing the Twitter strategies of companies that \get it.\
3 Leadership Mistakes Roger Goodell Made That You Shouldn't. What is the company culture around Roger Goodell's NFL? It's profiting out of glamorizing lawbreakers.
Smart Entrepreneurs Plan Ahead For A Startup Exit. 
Who Will Win Out Between the Millennials and Boomers?. From a marketing perspective, who will win out between the Millennials and Boomers? In many ways it comes down to cultural dominance, and in this sense Millennials are much more influential.
My Conversation With Robin Sharma. 
Employee Health Insurance Costs Barely Increased This Year. 
Biotechnology's Response to the Burgeoning Medical-Marijuana Industry. 
Dunkin' Donuts Is Fueling Our Almond Milk Obsession At Just The Wrong Time. 
Everyone With A Desk Job Should Have Plants. I am happiest -- and, I've found, I do my best writing -- when surrounded by greenery. As I type this now, my desk is fringed with a little Peruvian apple cactus, a spider plant, a milk cactus and a big, hardy jade plant.
Amanda Slavin. While I may be helping with the statistics, I am still in a situation where the rest of the world hasn't caught up just yet. Through these experiences, I have learned a few key lessons in terms of being a woman in a work setting, usually with a lot of men.
A Lesson in Crisis Communications, Courtesy of DiGiorno. It's a PR and moral nightmare, and the deepest fear of most handlers of a brand's social media presence. It's also one of the most easily avoided, and most difficult to fix
Brand x Artist. A recent collaboration between fashion house, Miu Miu, and artist, Miranda July was the perfect embodiment of how to execute a spectacular artist/brand partnership and why it's important to do so.
Why Management Is Out of Control. We are now on the cusp of a new revolution -- something we're dubbing
The CFPB Is Now a Consumer Complaint Clearinghouse. Markets for financial services often don't work well for consumers. The trial and error technique that consumers rely on in navigating many markets does not work well when transactions are large and infrequent.  Financial firms that expect to see a customer only once may have little incentive to provide good service.
BANKRUPT. 
The Drum Beat of Success (VIDEO with Sheila E.). Musical legend Sheila E. was literally born into the business, yet she paid more than her share of dues at the beginning of her career, playing to empty rooms and living from gig to gig.
Esurance Takes Down Billboards With Seemingly Smutty Typo. 
How to Be Less Manic and More Productive. Changes don't have to be drastic to be effective. So rather than flipping your entire work schedule upside down, it's easier to start small; block off 60 minutes at the start of your peak work times for whatever your day's priority might happen to be, and start there.
In Search for Leaders Who Lead. The 21st century organization requires bold leaders who understand they live in a world of opportunity to create and lead others around a shared purpose. Unfortunately, the system is still massively broke.
Want to Change It? Scale It!. 
5 Tested Ways to Be Happier and More Successful at Work. Studies are finding happier employees are more creative, more engaged, more productive and more likely to be promoted. They're also less likely to experience symptoms of fatigue.
Big Data And Marketing Personas - A Perfect Match?. Are big data and the all-important marketing persona really a perfect match? If you're in the marketing trench like I am every day looking for better ways to create targeted content that's delivered to targeted customers - Yep... It's a perfect match.
Mine! Mine! Mine! Keeping Your Business Monies Straight. Ever feel like you are part of that scene from a movie where the seagulls are fighting over a crab only it's your money and you are trying to keep a scrap of it? Here are some strategies to help you keep what is yours and ensure what you have collected for others is handled properly.
Big Isn't Always Better. Expansion is an important element for a startup. The question is, when? All too often, in my experience, the desire to expand begins to rear its head well in advance of traction and readiness.
Selfie-Finance. This past month I became parent to a teenager. Among the obvious anxieties this rite prompted, I also had the pleasure of learning American teens have been deemed \mediocre\ when it comes to personal finance.
The Rich Get Richer. There's always been a double-standard for labor and management.  When an hourly worker proves to be too incompetent to remain on the payroll, he gets booted out the door.
Chiquita's Tax Inversion Deal Could Be In Trouble. 
Coke Has To Put On The Red Light. 
Women in Business. Growing up rural, Angela Lee began in a one-room, eight-student school with a grandfather telling her to marry rich to be successful. Lee took this foundation to fight for her dream in fashion.
Rank Does Not Confer Privilege or Give Power; It Imposes Responsibility. Significant change is not easy, however the possibilities of taking small steps with a sense of urgency and a planned orchestrated approach can mean the difference between executing on successful change and creating an utter failure.
Stop Writing Long Reports. Whether you use mind maps or short reports with lots of bullet points you want to be clear in your communication. The clearer you are, the easier it is for others to implement. After all, isn't that what it's all about? Having clear implementation with as little effort as possible.
(VIDEO) AOL to Expand Ad Automated Marketplace with Big Focus on Linear TV. 
Hundreds Arrested As Fast-Food Workers Strike Across The Country. 
3 Steps to Help Our Children Earn An \A\ In Personal Finance. 
The Virgin Way -- Richard Branson's BRAVE Leadership. While Richard Branson's new book, \The Virgin Way\ is \about listening, learning, laughing and leading,\ applying the BRAVE leadership framework to the book's ten summary ideas yields highly applicable insights.
Paving the Way for Africa's High-Tech Agricultural Revolution. Africa has the potential not only to feed its own people, but also to ensure food security around the world. A new era is unfolding in Africa's agricultural sector. Driving this change is innovation, led by Africans themselves.
A Warning About Warnings. What kind of duty to warn should auto repair owners, managers, and salespeople have? And what kind of responsibilities should they have when damages due to their failure to warn occur for clients who come to them for their expertise and advice?
How Prepared Are Directors for the Challenges of the Nonprofit Culture?. Once acclimated to the unique challenges of the nonprofit culture, serving on the board can provide an exceptionally rewarding experience. Directors will have a chance to work with others who are dedicated to the work of serving people with significant personal needs.
Actually, Burger King Has Been Trying To Dodge Taxes For Years. 
Seven Steps To Manage Your Fear Of Public Speaking. Have you ever avoided a career or business opportunity because it required you to speak in public? Did you ever have a great idea you wanted to share in a group setting but didn't because of your fear of speaking in front of a group of people?
A Labor Day Call for Equal Pay. Every year we celebrate Labor Day to recognize the contributions American workers have made to the strength, prosperity and well-being of our country. And yet every year we fail to adequately recognize a vital segment of our workforce that has been a major part of that success story
Women in Business. \If you have family, make sure it is 100% behind you. Be prepared for a tremendous pressure, stress and financial risks associated with entrepreneurship and take the steps to assure you and your family is ready to deal with them.\
Why We Should Tip Service Workers Generously. Just because you don't see a tip jar doesn't mean that tips aren't appropriate or welcome.
Labor Day 2014. Without question, advanced academics are vital to our future and always will be. But the marketplace is shifting away from academics in favor of practical job skills.
Which Corporate Personality Are You. Will your company be one that recognizes a diversity of stakeholders to whom some responsibility is owed? Or one whose shareholders can impose their will on employees and others affected no matter what?
5 Resume Rules You MUST Ignore. Unless the employer is small, with fewer than 100 employees, the process of posting jobs and collecting resumes is automated. Succeeding in today's environment means learning new ways to succeed while ignoring old, out-of-date ideas.
Will A Business Incubator Help Hatch Your Startup?. Accelerators generally accept startups at a slightly later stage, and attempt to compress the timeline to commercialization into a few months, instead of a year or more.
10 Best-Paying Jobs for High School Graduates. 
Site Of Arizona Uzi Tragedy Had Drawn Concerns Before. 
24 Years Of America's Unemployment Rate In 10 Seconds. 
Who is an Employee, Joint Employee, or Independent Contractor?. Labor Day encourages a review of the legal status of labor. Worker status is important because numerous statutes such as minimum wage and overtime requirements apply to employees but not to independent contractors.
Women in Business. Entrepreneur Jaclyn Shanfeld has been immersed in the fashion and entertainment industries since launching her career a decade ago. Her expertise in all things style and luxury has helped pave the way for her latest business venture, the socially inspired designer online marketplace, Shop Hers.
Why the Decrease in Unions and Defined Benefit Retirement Plans Hurts Us All. Is there a correlation between the drop in unions and the drop in defined benefits plans? It certainly seems like it. As defined benefit plans are going away, so is the safety net for older Americans. Most bankruptcy filers are under age 54, but there is a steady rise in bankruptcies of people over age 55.
Labor Day and Why America (Still) Works. Labor Day isn't the most celebrated of holidays on our calendar. It was birthed out of a movement to honor and respect the hardworking Americans who laid the foundation of our nation in the late 19th Century.
America's Disappearing Jobs. 
Here's How Americans Spend Every Minute Of Their Days. 
How Corporations Blackmail States Out Of Billions In Taxpayers Dollars. 
The Odd Couple In Today's Office. The term 'reverse mentor' was coined and first implemented by GE's Jack Welch in 1999 to help executives enter the Internet age. But Tibergien believes this kind of two-way sharing goes beyond its original intent and makes a statement about where vital intelligence comes from in business.
Worker's Death Reveals The True Cost Of Our Low-Wage Recovery. 
REPORT. 
Cashing in on Customer Laziness. So to win at retail in 2014, a great value offer is cost-of-entry. But having an edge in convenience can be a real differentiator. Call it leveraging laziness. And watch shoppers gravitate towards you.
Abercrombie & Fitch Is Getting Rid Of Logos On Its Clothes. 
What Is Your Family Mission?. The starting point for this is often posing the question \what is your family mission?\ And I would challenge all families to think in this way and ask themselves the same question.
Burger King Deal With Tim Hortons May Be Disastrous For Rainforests. 
Leaders. When people decide to disregard their moral compass as the official business handbook, they begin to make up the rules as they go. Anything can happen, and the situation frequently proves to be a source of conflict.
Taco Bell, Where A 'Lifetime Of Food' Costs Just $10,000. 
CSR Communication Goal Should be Impact, not Information. Despite the growing investments made today towards external CSR communication, there has been relatively little progress made in evolving the mindset and behaviors beyond the niche to the masses.
Chipotle CEO Predicts The Demise Of 'Irrelevant' Fast Food Chains. 
FBI Investigating Whether Russia Responsible For Massive JPMorgan Cyber-Attack. 
Now It's Burger King Renouncing US Citizenship -- Let's Eat Somewhere Else. Every single step to Burger King's success was backed and enabled up by our taxpayer-funded American system. Our government is the reason that Burger King is extremely profitable.
Court Ruling 'Unravels FedEx's Business Model' In Contractor Case. 
The 10 Best Marketing Tweets I've Ever Seen. While a brand used to have to spend zillions of dollars to get its ad on TV or its logo on a billboard, now social media like Twitter make it possible to reach millions of people quickly, without spending millions of dollars.
Ich Bin Ein Cavalier. I want to congratulate LeBron James, Germany and the San Antonio Spurs on their recent wins -- before they fade from our minds -- and for demonstrating to the world, and each other, how inspirational leadership works and what it takes to build a winning organization
Feed the Team's Development but Also Develop the Team. As leaders we have to manage the boundaries. We have to feed the team's development but also need to develop the team. New learnings, new styles, new approaches are for teams, as with individuals, learning opportunities.
Conquer 4 Problem Areas to Prove Marketing ROI. 
Learn From the Fall of Active Management. Proponents of evidence-based investing, myself included, doubted whether this day would ever come. Investors are now actually paying attention to the overwhelming data supporting evidence-based investing and are fleeing active management.
3 Ways Neuroscience Could Be Used in Your Organization to Improve Your Efficiency, Effectiveness and Productivity. This blog post introduces three ways that people's brains are shaping their behaviors.  We suggest how organizations can take a revolutionary stance and focus on approaches that deal with the organ that delivers all the results.
What Your Business Degree Won't Teach You. The ability to sell proves your attitude, critical thinking and soft-skills.  Every other business discipline is just semantics.  You have no marketers, accountants, lawyers, managers or HR people on staff if you have no sales.  Businesses put a premium on people that can generate revenue.
Lose the Lottery Mentality. You must understand the difference between being busy and being productive. Too many people are busy, but at the end of the day they have done NOTHING to move themselves forward to meet their business and life goals.
Autism Without Fear. The business world loves metrics. And in an era where data has never been more valuable, many executives believe there is a direct correlation between employee productivity and a high Emotional Intelligence score.
Three Ways to Help Your Startup Grow and Flourish. Congratulations! You've discovered a valuable solution, developed a mission with purpose, implemented a business plan, and now you are running a successful startup.
6 Ways To Make Meetings Significantly Less Miserable. 
How Upcoming FICO Credit Score Changes Might Rock the Economy. The aftermath of this change could be felt in the banking industry, the real estate market and it could even force interest rates higher. And that's just for starters.
This Is What The Future Of Fast Food Looks Like. 
Legacy Wars. Not long ago, Malcolm Gladwell made a bold prediction
Souls of Wisdom. It was the end of a fourth day of packed programming at the Marriott Marquis in San Francisco where a series of talks, workshops and classes had left me exhausted but deeply inspired by this gathering of conscious business enthusiasts.
Tesla Owners' Full-Page Newspaper Ad Gets Elon Musk's Attention. 
Are You Ready for the Naked Truth? Lessons from an IPO Offering. Going for an IPO isn't easy. It requires difficult, honest conversations and responding to tough questions. But nothing worthwhile is easy, right?
Cities With The Deadliest Diets. 
Stay on That Nonprofit Board!. Nonprofit directors often become impatient with the slow pace of progress toward positive change. Here are some actions that may change the situation.
Women in Business Q&A. In June 2013, Sandra E. Rowland was named Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations. She leads the teams responsible for Corporate Strategy, Mergers and Acquisitions and Investor Relations. Sandra joined HARMAN in October 2012.
When Designers Get Together -- Creativity Sparks!. Studies applying design science research, open innovation and crowdsourcing offer possibilities for examining as yet unknown drivers, designers' values, beliefs and behaviors and how these factors influence their design performance.
States With The Most Big Spenders. 
Workplace Domestic Violence Legal Standards Continue to Develop. A restraining order has been a traditional legal tool in domestic violence situations. However, the restraining order alone (printed on paper) will not physically protect an individual from a determined assailant.
What Do Banks Have to Hide From CFPB's Efforts to 'Make the Market for Credit Work Better'?. This month, two different but powerful Wall Street bank lobbies launched self-serving attacks on the Consumer Financial Protections Bureau's most recent efforts to make banking markets more transparent. What do the banks have to hide?
Why Underwater Homeowners Won't Be Saved By Bank Of America's $17 Billion Deal. 
Why the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge Matters. Some people say it is a waste of water, while others say it's a publicity stunt. Some people have criticized the campaign by associating it with \slacktivism.\ Why throw a bucket of ice water over your head when you can simply donate the money straight to the organization?
Email Subject Lines Are Like Newspaper Headlines. 
How to Prepare for a Brainstorming Session. The few days before a brainstorm session begins -- the \incubation time\ -- is often the difference between brilliance and boredom. Unfortunately, most companies don't get this.
Sears Just Admitted Its Terrible Sales Are Unacceptable. 
The Road Between Employment and Entrepreneurship. The thing about growth is that it's not always easy, and making the transition from employment to entrepreneurship provides a unique set of experiences that can stretch and pull you in a variety of ways.
Being of Service. Value is what attracts and retains\u00a0customers and employees. It's also what attracts and maintains relationships with investors, suppliers, distributors and other stakeholders who\u00a0are critical to the firm's success over time.\u00a0A business that does not create value will eventually fail.
Why Progress Is the Sweetest Thing. Many leaders are concerned about how to motivate their employees. They know that engaged workers produce better results, are more creative, and care more for their work. However, which factors that actually motivate and engage their teams have long been discussed.
The Real Driver of Great Innovation Via Alexander Graham Bell and Pharrell Williams. Does innovation come from within, or is it driven by outside forces? We often think of innovation as a random stroke of genius, a spark of creativity ignited by a great mind.
It's Not Just About the Bagels. The very phrase \employee engagement\ is nothing without the employee. We are all employees, and at times it's easier to blame the employer for our woes without taking a look in the mirror. I've worked with many employees who thought the grass was greener elsewhere.
McDonald's McCaf\u00e9 In Supermarkets In 2015. 
Interruption Rich. When combined with multiple electronic communication systems an interruption-rich work environment is created. Evidence shows exhaustion, error rates, stress, anxiety and physical ailments increasing with frequent interruptions.
Are Life and Business Difficult?. I will argue that life is difficult, even if you accept fully that it is difficult.  It is difficult not because it is difficult -- though it often is -- but because we humans have a genius for making it difficult.  And we have that genius because we are lost, strangers in a strange world.
5 Steps to Creating a Powerful Content Marketing Strategy. Never before in the history of the world, has the playing field been so level for companies everywhere. The advent of social media and blogging has completely democratized the business world, and opened doors for even the smallest of business.
Is Your Innovation Stuck? 5 Ways to Rethink Your Approach. Everywhere I go, I hear people talk about disruption and innovation.  They desperately want to upend their business and be the champion!  But instead, they talk, they make changes and ideas get lost.
Cultural Fit. The purpose of this article is not to criticize Buffer, their team or their culture because it works for them and they are doing very well. The lesson to be learnt here is you need to really think about where you apply as a cultural fit.
6 Ways to Kill Your Employee's Productivity. Wondering how to improve your team's employee engagement and productivity at work? An engaged, productive workforce is the lifeblood of company success. But sometimes leaders take the wrong approach and end up harming their workforce culture instead of nurturing it.
Kroger Under Fire From Gun-Control Moms. 
America's Top Young Adult Workforces. I know, people tend to take the current state of a region and erroneously think it's been that way forever, or that it will stay that way forever. But the vitality of urban areas are fluid -- prone to decline and rebirth, just like everything else.
An NFL Guide to Employee Management. Assessing and managing talent is difficult. If it were easy there would be fewer managers, classes on management, and self-help books! Why is it so hard?
New Manufacturing. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
Should Mature Nonprofits Allow Board Micromanagement?. Board micromanagement is an appropriate approach when a nonprofit is in a start-up stage. Financial and human resources are modest, and the volunteer directors must assume some responsibilities normally executed by compensated staff.
These 10 Companies Control The World's Food. 
Ugg Is Sick Of Being Pigeonholed For Its Boots. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
Krugman. 
Big News For Shake Shack. 
Sharing Economy Leaders Will Be the New \Demons,\ as Airbnb and Uber Leapfrog Over Traditional Hotels and Taxis. The sharing economy sector - where people with average holdings use their homes, cars, skills, and tools to make a living and pay their bills - passed a major milestone in 2014
Chiquita Bananas Could Face Boycott Over Plan To Ditch America. 
Reputation Recovery and Management. Leading a \perfect\ life -- very low-profile, never breaking any laws, never participating in any form of social media, never doing anything that might draw negative attention -- does not ensure a clean personal reputation in 2014 or beyond, unfortunately.
Irrational Markets Or Irrational Individuals? Designing 'Smart' Environments Improve Decision-Making and Make Markets More Efficient. How can markets be made efficient when people aren't? Apparent market failures are often attributed to individuals making apparent 'irrational' decisions. However, I argue that markets can be made more efficient when creating environments for individuals that aid their decision-making.
Will Multi-Channel Networks Disrupt Traditional Broadcast?. Will Multi-Channel Networks ever disrupt the traditional broadcast TV model? The short answer is they already have...
Build Rapport With the Right People (Almost) Automatically. One of our keynote speakers made the point that it's our authentic, human side -- the side we try to keep hidden from the world much of the time -- that makes all the difference to people.
Despite Accusations Of Fraud And Deception, Will Globe University Be Expanding To Your State?. With Globe University expanding into more states, it should be interesting to see if these attorneys general pay stricter attention to a school that keeps finding itself accused of fraud and deception.
Leading for Success. Understanding how we're going to be measured and how success in one's job or department will be defined is important to everyone. And yet, selecting those critical measurements to drive performance and decision-making can be tougher than one might think.
Organizational Excellence Is About Being Perfect Together. When organizations work well, they allow ordinary people to do extraordinary things. That's because they can be powerful vehicles for combining our strengths in a way that makes the whole far greater than the sum of the parts.
The Essential Guide to Preparing to Franchise Your Business. While franchising isn't an easy task, the truth remains that when you combine a strong business model, a well thought out and strategically planned foundation and the patience to set up your franchise properly, the end product will be life-changing.
Face-Reading. Author Jean Haner, an anglo-saxon, married into a Chinese family and her mother-in-law taught her everything she knew about the ancient art of face-reading.
Success Isn't for You. Having come to a place in my career now that could be considered success, I've realized that success isn't for me. Now, before you write me off, let me explain.
The New Millenials. If you are lost, if you feel overwhelmed by uncertainty, embrace the uncertainty. Uncertainty is another word for opportunity. Open your laptop -- or an old-fashioned pen and paper will do just fine -- and draw your own map.
Professionalism Behind the Wheel. The way people handle themselves behind the wheel of a car can say a lot about how they conduct themselves in business. Our driving behaviors often reflect not only how we approach life, but also how we deal with others on a day-to-day basis.
Will Content Marketing Replace Traditional Sales?. The ZMOT isn't a new discussion point. In fact it has been written about thousands of times with as many different perspectives, but for businesses that are slow to adopt or that still think digital and social are fads, the takeaways are becoming more and more important.
The Window of M&A Opportunity for Transformative Deals Remains Open. A broad-based recovery across a variety of sectors driven by the US should see market conditions continue to foster this trend -- making the next 6-12 months an ideal window of opportunity to do transformative deals.
New York Cracks Down On Payday Lenders. 
3 Simple Steps Towards Mindfulness. After 22 years in the workforce, I recently set out on a quest for a greater sense of purpose in my job. What I found had a profound impact on my life both at work and at home. Enter
Are You a Risk-Taker?. Where would we be today if leaders down through the ages had not risked ridicule, personal safety, health, and wealth for the common good?  But neither did these leaders make careless decisions about what, where, and when to take action.
Robin Williams Once Compared Wall Street Traders To 'Junkies'. 
IMF May Be Right in Suggesting Countries Raise Fuel Taxes. It's tough to find any drivers who relish digging into their wallets to fill up at the pump. According to the International Monetary Fund, though, not only should fuel taxes jump by more than 50 percent, the increase should have Canadians whistling a happy tune. Now, here's the real kicker
The Customer Is Mostly Wrong. One of the more iconic phrases in customer service is \give 'em the pickle,\ drawn from a story by Bob Farrell regarding an unhappy customer who couldn't get extra pickles for his hamburger.
Barneys Pays $525,000 To Settle Allegations Of Racial Profiling. 
The Post Office Lost $2 Billion In Just 3 Months. 
We Ain't Germans. Although the premise seems perfectly reasonable, attempting to solve our social and economic problems by copying the demonstrably successful techniques used by other countries probably isn't going to work.
The Rebirth of Stakeholder Capitalism?. In retrospect, shareholder capitalism wasn't all it was cracked up to be. Look at the flat or declining wages of most Americans, their growing economic insecurity, and the abandoned communities that litter the nation.
States Where It's Hardest To Find Full-Time Work. 
Same Sex Marriage, Taxes and Winning the Lottery. The first step that all seriously committed couples, same sex or heterosexual, should do is find a competent financial planner  to help them plot out a well thought out strategy.
Women in Business Q&A. Suzanne (Sue) Sears is Vice President of Global Diversity & Inclusion at Kimberly-Clark Corporation, where she is responsible for working with the global businesses to advance and embed the company's key diversity growth strategies and initiatives for business impact
Amazon Wants You To Fight Its Battle With Hachette. 
Is This The Next Coconut Water?. 
What to Do About Weak Nonprofit Board Practices. Peter Rinn, Breakthrough Solutions Group, published a list of weak nonprofit board practice. Following are some of the items listed and my estimation of what can be done about them, based on my experiences as a nonprofit board director, board chair and consultant.
Women in Business Q&A. Michelle Zatlyn creates products people love. Growing up in Canada, she earned a degree in Chemistry and now applies the scientific method to improving businesses.
Design in Startups from the Get-Go. There has never been a better time to start a company since there is an abundance of capital, talent and growth rate. The rules of game have changed from a \make and sell\ mentality to \how fast can one turn ideas/knowledge.\
Sales and Storytelling With Craig Wortmann. Learning to problem solve, deliver value and communicate effectively as a salesperson will greatly benefit me in any and every professional and personal pursuit in future.
Remembering to Give a Positive Review. 
5 Keys to Growing Your Business With Intention. As salespeople or sales leaders, do you follow the same process every time, or do you wing it? A recent exceptional dining experience provided a valuable lesson for how acting with intention and following a defined process separates the good from the great.
The Shape Of Your Face May Affect How Much Money You Make. 
5 Tips to Boost Native Advertising Effectiveness. 
Why Walmart Had to Fire U.S. Head Bill Simon. 
Perhaps We Need Corporate 'Loyalty Oaths'. We have drifted very far from our understanding of the relationship that is supposed to exist between We the People, our government, and the businesses that our government allow to exist.
Minnesota Caf\u00e9 Charges 35 Cent 'Fee' To Protest Minimum Wage Hike. 
America Inc. Needs Attitude Adjustment to Reach Full Potential Abroad. 
Big Data and Online Disinhibition. Big data is not a replacement for behavioral data, such as user and usage data, or psychographic data, which includes information on attitudes, values, opinions and lifestyle.
Victory for Americans. As conservatives have been telling us since the wave of inversions began, we can't expect corporations to be \moral\ or \patriotic.\ If we write the rules that let them get away with immoral and unpatriotic betrayal of U.S. taxpayers, they will do it.  So the next order of business is to get Congress to pass legislation.
The Real Bill for ObamaCare. 
How to Future Proof Your Workplace. Technology has enabled us to work anywhere and the locations of work have extended beyond the office building, into a variety of public spaces, fundamentally altering how space is used over time, by blurring the boundaries between corporate, retail, hospitality and residential uses.
Why We Need to Stop Measuring Success in Six Figures. At my very first \career\ job, my salary was $28,000 a year. After years of working low paying jobs to pay my college expenses and subsist, I thought I had it made. I was happy and ready to take on the world.
Is the End of the Middle Class the Beginning of the Revolution?. Egads. We've learned that it's closer to 40% of the wealth that lies in the hands of the top 1%. This growing disparity between the uber rich and the expanding poor isn't just an inconvenience for those slipping economically backward every month. The end of the middle class may mark the beginning of the revolution.
Rosemary Kowalski. 
The Remarkable Legacy of Warren Bennis. 
Givers, Fakers & Fair Weather Colleagues. 
Innovation. 
The Remarkable Legacy of Warren Bennis. ust as Peter Drucker was \the father of management,\ Warren Bennis will be remembered as \the father of leadership.\ It was Warren who first said leadership is not a set of genetic characteristics, but rather the result of the lifelong process of self-discovery.
Americans Are Totally Over Fast Food Burgers. 
This $1,000 Pill Shows Why Fixing Health Costs Is So Hard. 
McDonald's CEO 'Under Siege' At Home And Abroad. 
10 Cities Running Out of Water. 
How Does a Nonprofit Board Know When a CEO Is 'Just Minding the Store'?. Making changes in the governance or operations of a nonprofit is difficult; culturally changes can only take place after a long tenured CEO leaves.
GM Website Gave False Information About Recalls. 
Women in Business Q&A. 'I came to Energizer fourteen years ago because of the brands. Energizer Household Products has two strong, global brands -- Energizer and Eveready -- which I am more enthusiastic about today than ever.'
11 Countries Near Bankruptcy. 
Relabeling Your Way to Start Practicing Grateful Living. You and I know that there are literally hundreds of reasons to be grateful for. But, in your busy life, it is something that is easy to forget and move to the other end of the spectrum where you start taking things for granted.
How to Improve Your People Skills. Learning to solve problems and work with people can be the best way to exhibit class. Remember
The Three Core Questions to Determine. Companies will maximize the success of their sustainability efforts by collaborating with NGOs. Companies bring valuable resources to bear in achieving social, environmental, and economic impacts.
When Business Etiquette Resembles a Competitive Dating Scene. While sitting in a coffee shop in Manhattan, I overheard a conversation between two women that I suspect happens, on average, every 3 seconds in the world.
7 Must-Haves for Effective Meetings. Running effective group meetings isn't hard -- it just takes planning, practice and a healthy sense of urgency. Your reward for all this discipline will be less stress, more time for the work that matters most and a team that thinks you walk on water.
Why A Higher Unemployment Rate Is Actually Good News This Time. 
Obamacare Is More Unpopular Than Ever, Poll Shows. 
U.S. Creates 209,000 Jobs In July, Unemployment Rate Rises To 6.2%. 
It's Not About Leading; It's About Leading Well. When experience and skills intersect with consistent values-based leadership style -- that is when the magic happens and greatness emerges.
The Sharing Economy at a Crossroads. Zipcar and Airbnb demonstrate the power of the sharing economy, which has taken off with the simple promise of liberating people from the hassles and costs of ownership and overpriced commercial services.
The Hypoglycemic Employee and the Law. 
'Fed Up' Zara Workers Battle For More Hours. 
Doing Business the Old-Fashioned Way. The excitement and energy buzzing around with other entrepreneurs and small business owners  is truly inspiring, not to mention, the opportunities for business and joint ventures that arise due to meeting and personally connecting.
The Economy Just Grew Much Faster Than It Was Expected To. 
Why Top Talent Is Passing Your Company By. Today we switch from the \sell\ side (candidates) to the \buy\ side (hiring companies). Ever wonder why certain companies get all the best management talent? Or why other companies can only attract mediocre talent, and in many cases, go out of business?
Mind Your Manners Tips for Effective Cross-Cultural Communications. Communicating across cultures in the business world can often be confusing and uncertain, but it doesn't need to be.  With a little bit of homework and open-mindedness you can avoid some of the pitfalls.
Dining Etiquette. Pick and choose with caution.
Why You Should Skip Lunch Before A Job Interview. 
How Walmart's Bosses Get Rich Off Welfare Abuse. Forget about the guy at the grocery store using food stamps to buy lobster. Walmart, the world's largest retail company, is even more dependent on government welfare so it can make jaw-droppingly obscene profits.
Wall Street Analysts Predict The Slow Demise Of Walmart And Target. 
My Husband is Right. Not only did my undercover work fail to provide a way of breaking into writing, it proved that my husband is right and that I shouldn't rely on online reviews if I'm looking for a new air conditioning unit or appliance to give as a wedding gift.
This Is The Way 'Williamsburg' Ends. 
Top 10 YouTube Channels for Leaders. Over the last year I've subscribed to a number of YouTube channels that have consistently helped me identify new trends, understand best practices, and spot high-impact opportunities. Here is a list of my favorites.
Investing In a Larger Down Payment. Consumers looking to purchase a home within the near future face many decisions, including how large a down payment to make. The down payment is the sale price (confirmed by a appraisal) less the loan amount. In most cases, home purchasers must have financial assets at least as large as the down payment they make.
Rick Ross Wants You To Eat At His Restaurants, But Don't Bring Your Gun. 
The Apps We Use to Run Our Startup. We are happy to share our must-have apps below. We have no affiliation to these companies, no kickbacks, just our pure honest opinion on what we pay for and use on a monthly basis.
Moses Was Wrong. Robert Moses had a bias to build things like parkways and bridges that enabled cars and their passengers in and around New York and especially on Long Island. This led to community-destroying urban sprawl. The better approach is to create higher density, better functioning city centers where people and communities can thrive.
Joint Venture. You must keep in mind that a joint venture is particularly aimed at obtaining the respective commercial benefits, but does not include all business or economic activities of the participating members.
Develop an Acute Ability to Listen. What if your point of difference was an acute ability to listen? What would that look like?
Listen to Your Brain to Sense a Market Correction. The financial media continues to stoke anxiety and fear -- and trading -- with \news\ about a coming market correction.
The Export-Import Bank Debate. The charter of the Export-Import Bank (Ex-Im Bank or Bank) must be reauthorized by the end of September. Given the current heated debate it is likely that its fate will not be determined until the 11th hour.
Move the Crowd. Ever since Zack Brown raised over $50K for his potato salad recipe on Kickstarter, the world has tried to make heads or tails over what the winning formula for a successful crowd sourcing campaign should entail. Enter Dekker Dreyer.
StemCells, Inc., and the Quest for a Cure. 
Women And Minorities Are Punished For Promoting Women And Minorities At Work. 
Life Balance. Stress is like a violin. If the strings are too loose we get no music. If they are too tight the strings will break. We must all find the right balance between work and our personal life.
Authenticity Offers Its Own Beauty. Authenticity is what turns a pretty picture into a priceless work of art. Likewise it is what people look for -- or should -- in their personal relationships. I believe this holds true for our relationships with businesses as well.
How to Know if You've Been Blindsided by Data. To paraphrase the Scottish poet Andrew Lang, don't use data as a drunken man uses a lamp post -- for support rather than illumination.
$15. When 200 New York City fast-food workers walked off their jobs in November 2012, their demand of $15 an hour seemed like a fantasy. But over the weekend, as more than 1,000 fast-food workers from 50 cities gathered in Chicago for the first-ever nationwide fast-food workers convention, the workers' call for $15 looked prescient.
3 Surefire Ways to Increase the Reach of Your Blog Posts. In this article I'll outline three great ways you can increase traffic to your blog and get more eyeballs reading your content.
Floor Pizza and the New Mediocrity. As the quality of life continues to decline in America, I've been wracking my fevered brain for the single, perfect image to represent our downward spiraling dystopia. Like the \Grand Unification\ theory sought by physicists.
The Tradeoff Between Inflation and Unemployment. To assert that economists are having trouble figuring out the relationship between inflation and unemployment is like saying chefs can't figure out what to do with salt and pepper. It's that fundamental. Yet, we're befuddled, and that has powerful policy implications.
Artist Education. If you are a songwriter, an artist that draws cartoon images, a dance choreographer, or an independent film maker, you must educate yourself and obtain adequate knowledge of the basics of copyright ownership
Beyond the Bylaws. A nonprofit director's duties may be much more difficult than those of a for-profit board member.
Entrepreneurs Today Don't Need a Big Budget to Start. It wasn't so many years ago that starting a new e-commerce business on the Internet was a complex custom development project, usually costing a million dollars or more. Now you can do it for free.
America's 10 Fastest Shrinking Companies. 
The SHEvolution Is Coming. This trend is changing the world, and I'm thrilled. At first, it tiptoes in quietly. On stilettos. Then suddenly and seemingly out of nowhere, comes its deafening blast. Women are rising. Never before have we so aggressively, efficiently, fearlessly and successfully pursued our goals.
'NYT' Op-Ed Militates for Higher Oil Prices and Fewer American Jobs. Mr. Steven Rattner demonstrates that he lives in an oil industry induced fantasy whose preachments have seduced the public, our government, our press in the misguided belief that the price we are paying for oil is a market derived price reflective of actual supply and demand. Nothing could be further from the truth.
Is Your Business Challenging Conventional Thinking?. Stop gambling with your business and start challenging conventional thinking. Look for and develop new ideas of doing business. Ask \why not,\ instead of \why.\ This will help to pave the way for new ideas to emerge.
5 Tips To Make Overworked Employees Feel Valued. When long hours can't be avoided, here are five impactful tips that can make your employees feel valued and comfortable when putting in extra hours.
Millennials. Last week, we polled 150 Millennials about their favorite and least favorite brands.  I was struck by a few common threads from within the data. There were patterns I found compelling, particularly given that this poll was unsolicited -- there were no dropdowns or menus to choose from.
A Sort Of Creepy Reason To Love Costco. 
Brave New Marketing World. The digital revolution has intensified the clash between the top-down and bottom-up brand-building models
First-Time Investing Tips from Brian Walsh of Saguenay Strathmore Capital. Should I invest? This is the question for many in today's still somewhat unstable economic world.
CHARTS. 
Your Career - Paved Road or Tall Grass?. Imagine a time in your career when the road ahead seems seems perfectly clear.  Free of obstacles, your goals are obvious, the plans predictable and the effort to achieve them almost, well effortless.
The 9 Annoying Things That Happen On Every Conference Call. 
The Slow Recovery Continues. The recovery continues, but it remains weak, indeed a bit weaker than we forecast in April. We have revised our forecast for world growth in 2014 from 3.7 percent in April to 3.4 percent today. This headline number makes things look worse than they really are.
From Loud Chewing to Cherry-Tomato Spewing. Are you sitting at your desk right now with your earphones in pretending to listen to music while secretly avoiding your annoying coworker? Well, you're not the only one.
6 Ways You Can Solve Your Lead Generation Problems Right Now. Modern lead generation can still take a lot of time and energy to make it a successful venture, but you can quickly solve your lead generation needs with the right campaign. Now it's time to get to work!
Thomas Piketty's Model of Inequality and Growth in Historical Context (Part II). Critics have torn into Piketty's model. In my view, Piketty's and Solow's models are both fundamentally flawed in that they rest on the same ahistorical, apolitical, two-factor neoclassical foundation.
Rebranding? Be Like Blue Ribbon Sports (Nike). The only constant is change. If you're not moving forward, you're falling behind. This is why you need to evolve your brand on a constant basis and even rebrand when warranted.
A New Challenge to the HECM Reverse Mortgage Program. The United States today faces a retirement funds crisis
Balancing Creativity Against Business in the Music Industry. The single biggest challenge for an artist regarding the music business is the eye-opening truth they discover as they pursue their dream. The business side of music always reveals gut-wrenching realities.
Corporate America's Staggering Sexism, In 1 Chart. 
Home Depot's Latest Product Could Save You From Having To Go To Home Depot Again. 
Beyond Silicon Valley. Lyubomir Hristev, 24, works at a marketing agency in Sofia, Bulgaria, and sports a neatly cropped black goatee.  Tech savvy, creative, bursting with ideas, Hristev hails from a new generation of entrepreneurial Bulgarians.
How Your Health Insurance Company Can Still Screw You, Despite Obamacare. 
Luxury New York Condo Will Have A 'Poor Door' For Lower-Income Residents. 
Even Companies That Sell Tampons Are Run By Men. 
The Challenge of Coming From the Outside to Take Over an Existing Team. As the outsider, you've got to figure out who's who on the team. You have a lot of new relationships to build.
When It Comes to Marketing and Advertising Not Just Any Visual Will Do. The power of visuals in marketing and advertising is not the future, it is the present.  Ok, technically it's the present AND the future but my point is this is not something that's coming down the road nor is it a trend or a fad for that matter.
The Boss Is Always Greener. It's a solitary feeling, looking over that mountain of paperwork at the hipsters running to the bar, the kids running to the park and the moms running after their kids.
10 Cities Where Wages Are Soaring. 
Borrowers Pay Sky-High Rates In A Subprime Bubble For Used Cars. 
Stocks Crash In Dubai. 
Can Nonprofits Build on Bill Gates's Business Insights?. In a recent Wall Street Journal article, Bill Gates shares some of his convictions about what makes or breaks developing businesses. Based on his vast experience I suggest that many of his insights can serve as models as well as caveats in the nonprofit environment.
How to Find the ROI in Social. In the world of coordinated creation of social media stories, there's typically two kinds of success, or ROI, on social campaigns -- Cost Mitigation and Sales Increase.
Women in Business Q&A. Dr. Karin Hehenberger is the founder of Lyfebulb, an educational and social platform dedicated to helping those with chronic illnesses lead their optimal lifestyles.
Controversial Energy Drink Under Fire. 
4 Things Your Dog Can Teach You About Customer Retention. Like being a dog owner, managing relationships with your customers is a huge responsibility. It takes a whole lot of time and effort.
Passion. If you're thinking of starting a restaurant, you need to sit down and ask yourself
To All Corporations. As people, we've become accustomed to asking questions publicly, digging deeper and going past the advertising noise that bombards our senses every single waking minute.
Google and the German Angst. The other day the German minister of justice, Heiko Maas, was asked in an interview how often he is using Google to crawl the Internet. His answer
Why 'Thinking Like a Freak' Is the Best Way to Change Up Your Marketing Program. If you haven't heard of Stephen Dubner and Steven Levitt, you might need to spend some time rethinking your...  well, thinking. Dubner and Levitt have a few essential tips on how to think like a freak, and I've pulled from these a couple of ways you can apply the same creative thinking to content marketing.
Herrick's Turkish Practice Group Strikes Again. First of all, the authorization for the statute expired in 2003; since then attempts to reauthorize the legislation were undertaken in both the House and Senate which culminated in the act that was passed last month.
Why People Rule The World In 2014. People are more empowered now than they've ever been. And they're having their say in ways they've never had before, heard by wider audiences and taken ever more seriously.
Dodd-Frank at Four. On July 21, 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act became law. As with human 4-year-olds, the party parents throw may be a little duller than on the first birthday, but the toddler now appreciates the present in the box more than the box itself. Let's look at what's in the box.
Read Contracts Carefully Before Signing. Contracts protect both parties. Just make sure you fully understand all details before signing on the dotted line.
Why Self-Management Will Soon Replace Management. We may think that the principles of self-management are newfangled and untested, simply because the majority of organizations we've experienced haven't used them.
Austerity Is Poisoning The Economy, In 2 Charts. 
Women Increasingly Shaping the Future of Business. 
Here's Why You Really Shouldn't Wash Your Jeans. After a recent public talk, I shocked the crowd by admitting that the Levi's jeans I was wearing that day \hadn't seen the inside of a washing machine.\ Now, everywhere I go, the first thing people say to me is \Oh, you're the guy who never washes his jeans!\
What's So Funny 'Bout Peace, Love and Better Branding?. As the sophistication and creativity of marketing communications increases, a message of inclusion resonates with tremendous impact and deep emotional connection. And as it does, it creates a powerful loop.
Women in Business Q&A. 
These Workers Can Only Spend 6 Minutes In The Bathroom Each Day. 
Looking for the Next Oil Boom? Follow the Tech. Regardless of pipeline capacity, Permian Basin crude is shaping up to be the next big oil boom thanks to new technology.
Leader-as-Performer. Performance is so vital because it is the foundation for two higher-order goals of personal and organizational success in the business world
The Creative Lone Wolf. The growing Creative Economy and the democratization of production is fostering a large generation of lone wolf professionals, competing fiercely for a place in the sun and their fifteen minutes of fame.
10 Things Entrepreneurs Do Differently Than Mere Mortals. Entrepreneurship is a path that very few people have the ability to pursue and stick with. The challenge of entrepreneurship goes beyond the simple day-to-day tasks or even the skills required to achieve success.
Why A Walgreens Boycott Could Be A Wakeup Call For Washington. Walgreens becoming a \foreign\ company is a slap in the face to Americans for a number of reasons. As Sorkin noted, they received $16.7 billion from Medicare and Medicaid last year, which is about 25 percent of its corporate revenues.
How to Handle a Bully Boss. Help, I'm under attack.  All of a sudden I can do no right.  How did I get into this situation?  More importantly, how do I get out?
How Many Of These Iconic Cartoon Mascots Can You Actually Name?. After all these years ... do you actually know the head Keebler elf's real name?
Divided America Comes Together To Agree A $3 Cupcake Is Ridiculous. 
How Positivity Drives Productivity. Whether you are an occasional or chronic complainer, you can boost the productivity of your team by making fewer petty complaints in the workplace.
How Seriously Does Your Nonprofit Board Take the Matter of Ethics?. 
10 Countries Spending the Most on the Military. 
How A Raid In Benghazi Helped Shape Citigroup's $7 Billion Settlement. 
Puff, Puff, Pink Slip. 
LeBron James. LeBron has shockingly decided to \head back home\ to Cleveland. And no matter your feelings on the situation, there are a lot of valuable lessons about setting your goals and knowing your worth that can be learned from Mr. James.
Cigarette Giants Plan Landmark Merger. 
Business Executives. Business executives, there are ways to supplement your business process and strategy, and it's up to you to do it. Gaining momentum in today's digital world is so much easier than it used to be years ago. Or is it?
10 Cures for 'The Mondays'. Even if you love your work, you might not always love your Mondays. Last week, when my own Monday dragged a little, I came up with this list to jump-start the day. It helped. May it now put a spark in your day.
Women in Business Q&A. When an opportunity in her hometown with Tough Mudder, as the Chief Strategy Officer presented itself, Cristina knew she had no choice but to pack up and head back across the country.
10 Brands That Will Disappear In 2015. 
Two Big Tobacco Companies Want To Merge. 
Sheldon Adelson, Warren Buffett, And Bill Gates Chastise House GOP On Immigration. 
What Happens When Leaders Walk Their Talk. What leaders say is far less important than what they do. That's one of the clearest conclusions we drew from a study, in collaboration with HBR, of 19,000 employees around the world, focused on how they experience their lives at work.
Loving Your Job. Look back on the happiest times in your career or life, and the least happy times, and you will see your own pattern.
Why Goals Are Landmarks Meant to Be Passed, Not Reached. Like reading a map, we look for two things -- where we are now, and where we want to go. We then connect the two dots with a path that guides our direction. Once we get to where we're going, the map gets tossed back into the glove box. But in life, our destination doesn't define the end of a trip, only a stop over. What then?
Colorado Shops Are Selling A LOT Of Pot. 
Our Values Show the Way. The choice between saving lives and preserving our own careers may be clear enough. However, in many cases, the gap between competing values may not be as wide.
Women in Business Q&A. 
Art of Making Money. With these three keys in hand,the great entrepreneur inside of you can emerge and embrace the infectious obsession that has made so many men and women great.
Establishing a Solid Legal Foundation for Your Business. Before a trademark application is filed, a thorough and professional search should be conducted to rule out the likelihood of a competing mark already in commerce.
What We CAN Do and What We Can't in the Realm of Health and Wellness to Combat Disease. While I applaud all of the incredible offerings within corporations to help their employees get healthy, I'm flabbergasted by how many people don't take advantage.
Meetings in Wonderland. Too often, we embark on the journey like Alice in Wonderland, with only a vague destination in mind and no sense of the path it will take to get there. And then, because it feels like forward momentum, we schedule a bunch of meetings. We're moving now, aren't we?
Creating a New Normal. White men could be the most important group to ensuring that diversity and inclusion truly works. By ensuring that they are engaged, interested and invested players in diversity and inclusion conversation America will forge a new normal.
Nike CEO Promises Soccer Sales Will Keep Soaring After World Cup. 
How Past Mistakes Kill Your Future. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
(VIDEO) TV in Transition. 
Airline's Safety Video Criticized For Being Too Sexy. 
Raj Rajaratnam's Brother Found Not Guilty Of Insider Trading. 
The Creative Class With Peter Marino. From Chanel boutiques in Paris and Beverly Hills to Christian Dior stores in Shanghai and New York, Marino is an interior Design Hall of Fame member.
Get LinkedIn to Recruiters for Your Job Search. Although under-used by average LinkedIn members, LinkedIn Groups can be critical to a successful job search because they enable you to communicate directly with recruiters. And vice versa.
What This Millennial Did After Quitting Her Full Time Job. I never thought I would fit the mold of the \typical\ Millennial
How Verizon and AT&T Control Communications by Manipulating 'Special Access' -- Is Special Access Really $60 Billion in the US?. 
Deny the Merger. 
Embed Routines and Rituals (Principle No. 5 of the 7 Principles of Personal Effectiveness). 
Ten States With The Most Student Debt. 
The Hall of Fame and Dead Kentucky Lawyers. It was a session of the Kentucky Bar Association, but it felt like a wake. A reasonably large crowd came to hear about the downbeat topic of attorney suicides. Two years ago, a number of Kentucky attorneys took their own lives.
Verizon's \Cut the Copper\ Stealth Plan. 
Why Jamie Dimon Has a Better Prognosis Than Owners of Closely Held Businesses. Not having a written business succession plan is at the very least an underlying cause of business failure. The reality is that the business landscape is littered with leaders and owners who chose to imperil their legacy and family's security.
Can a Nonprofit Organization Have a President/CEO and an Executive Director?. 
Big Business Finally Learns That Wellness Is Good Business. 2014 has been the year when the discussion of well-being has migrated from health and wellness magazines to business magazines. Wellness, and how to integrate it into our work lives, has become the hottest topic in the business pages. And that should come as no surprise. Because, though it would be nice if this change were simply because of altruism, what's happening is that big business is finally realizing that the health of their employees and the health of their bottom line are inseparable. In other words, big business has learned that wellness is good business, even in the boiler room of burnout -- Wall Street and the financial sector.
Postal Worker Caught On Video Hurling Packages Into Ravine. 
Women in Business Q&A. Shelley has gone against the grain most of her career, starting in 2000 when she left the corporate world to pioneer online research. Shelley created OTX (Online Testing Exchange), which in just nine years became one of the largest and fastest growing research companies in the world
The End Of This Guinness Commercial Will Melt Your Heart. 
10 States That Drink The Most Beer. 
Indie Bookstore Rehires Workers It Fired For Supporting The Union. 
Entrepreneur Leadership Today Demands a Human Focus. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
It's Time to Declare Your Personal Independence. Another Independence Day is upon us. This year, however, I'm calling on all those who yearn to be free of the shackles that bind them to a job or career, which is safe and known yet limiting and unfulfilling, to create the career of their dreams.
What Your Brand Can Learn From Fargo. Fargo is no L.A. or New York City, and it probably never will be. But it's certainly more successful in terms of unemployment and happiness of its residents.
Do You Have Captive Value?. 
How Battles Over God, Guns And Gays Infiltrated Corporate America. 
South African Businessman Swims Necker Island for a Cause. 
Gross Domestic Problem. As our economy exceeds the capacity of the planet to sustain us and future generations, we need to monitor the size of our economy more closely than ever. And there is no better measurement of the size of our economy than GDP.
To Improve Is to Change; To Be Perfect Is to Change Often. 
Protecting Your Online Business Presence. What many online business owners do not realize is that there are legal requirements for having an online presence. The two most common documents needed are \Terms & Conditions\ and a \Privacy Policy.\
What New Graduates NEED to Know About Applying for Jobs Internationally. Before you start applying for jobs internationally, do the basic research on what kind of work visas or permits you'll need to have to accept the position.
Woman Sues Former Employer After Rush-Hour Traffic Schedule Request. 
Hobby Lobby Still Covers Vasectomies And Viagra. 
Women in Business. 
The Future. 
GM Announces Compensation Program For Victims Of Ignition Switch Crashes. 
Nobody Is That Busy (Even in Silicon Valley)\u200b. I assumed that having a full calendar, sending emails late at night and getting five hours of sleep was the rite of passage to becoming not just an executive, but an important executive. But if being crazy busy is a mark of success, how come everybody seems to hate it?
Beautiful Innovation Orphans. Innovation orphans need to be adopted. Though they might not be invented here, or by you, they may be worthy of your support. Just be sure that you really love them.
The States With The Most Gun Violence. 
Airline Under Fire For Offensive World Cup Tweet. 
The Worst States To Be Unemployed In. 
Bubble Watch. 
Playing Golf, and Other Mistakes CEOs Make. When you become the head of a major company, you instantly join the ranks of the rich and famous. Ethical questions aside, new evidence shows that the perks of celebrity life are bad for companies. Here are six situations that CEOs might want to refuse.
The Missed Technology of People Networks. 
Work, Family and the White House. 
5 Keys to Product Differentiation for Fun and Profit. 
Cracker Barrel Fires 73-Year-Old Veteran Who Gave Food To 'Needy' Man. 
Smart vs. Good. Smarts are useful. But the character and heart of an organization will have a lot more to say about its long-term impact than its collective IQ.
The 7 LinkedIn Job Search Mistakes That Might Be Costing You a Job. LinkedIn works very well for the millions of people who make the effort to understand how to leverage it effectively. And those people are very likely not spending more than fifteen a minutes a day on LinkedIn, once they have a solid, complete Profile.
Why Connecting Is Superior. Given this 24/7 access to infinite information, why do most people still think success is all about being the smartest person in the room? You're meant for so much more.
Drink Sustainably. Considering that 95 percent of beer consists of water, alcohol companies must play a major role in the mitigation of water waste and climate change.
I-Corps @ NIH - Pivoting the Curriculum. 
New York Officially Calls Hot Dogs And Burritos 'Sandwiches'. 
This Genius Printed His Resume On Beer (And Got The Job). 
U.S. Soccer Team Crafts Perfect Get-Out-Of-Work Note For Germany Game. 
Can Regulation Provide Global Financial Stability?. Achieving financial stability will continue to require risk management skills, good governance, personal ethics, and, above all, courage to act to prevent further deterioration of finance.
Don't Fall Prey to Medical Identity Theft. Besides its high cost (an estimated 1.8 million victims paid more than $12 billion in related expenses in 2013), medical ID theft can have deadly consequences as well.
Leadership Lessons From Science. 
Stop Pitching; Don't Make Them Duck. 
12 Powerful Photos That Will Change The Way You Look At The World Cup. 
Canadian Investors Are (Mostly) Losers. Clearly, there are some things about the way Canadians live their lives that would be helpful for us to emulate. Unfortunately, investing is not one of them.
Fact-Checking Walmart's Fact-Check Of The New York Times. 
9 Sustainability Lessons from Climbing Mt. Kilimanjaro. A few weeks ago, I climbed Mt. Kilimanjaro. During the seven days' climb on the Rongai Route, I thought about the many lessons the mountain was teaching me, lessons that can be applied to implementing a sustainability program within an organization.
The Reason Gap Workers Are Wearing White This Week. 
You Need to Know. Restaurant workers and their pay have been making headlines for nearly a year now as fast-food employees protest for higher wages and the Obama Administration attempts to increase the minimum for all workers. Here's what you need to know about minimum wage.
Hunt a Mammoth. Unplug and reconnect. Amazing how the message seems to resonate... or maybe not so amazing. I imagine that back in the day, some cave mom told her intense, wall-painting son to get out and hunt a mammoth or two and reconnect with what is real.
Women in Business. 
Drowning in Profits. The story of a private equity firm, a missing pool fence, and the death of a two-year-old child raises troubling questions about how, as a nation, we define security in housing and why, in the midst of what's regularly termed a \recovery,\ many neighborhoods may actually be growing increasingly vulnerable.
Here's How Older Generations Are Ruining the Workplace. 
Mayors Join Forces In Fight Against Inequality. 
Verizon's Stealth Plan for 'Shutting Off the Copper' in New York City and Locations in New Jersey, Massachusetts and Pennsylvania Has Started. Verizon doesn't say as there was no information supplied with the filing about how many customers would be impacted or even how many lines are in service that are based on copper.
The 10 Oldest Company Logos in the World. 
American Apparel CEO Dov Charney Forced To Quit Or Be Fired. 
Unlocking Big Data's Value Potential Through Design with Small Data. 
Lululemon Under Pressure From Founder. 
Women in Business. 
CLAIM. 
GM Was Told About Safety Defects More Than 11 Years Before The Recall. 
Do Home Buyers Need a Pre-Approval?. With bargaining power shifting from home buyers to sellers in an increasing number of local markets, buyers in competition with other buyers are looking for any edge they can get. One possible edge is a pre-approval letter (henceforth PAL) from a lender.
SCOTUS Ruling Could Spell Big Trouble For U.S.. 
Here Are The Biggest Companies By Revenue In Each State. 
3 Tricks Companies Commonly Use to Scam Employees. If you've worked in corporate America you're likely familiar with some of the scams employers use to screw employees. This article isn't necessarily for you. This article is for recent college grads or anyone for that matter that is new to the workforce and getting their first \real job.\
Economist Calculates Just How Inadequate Your State's Minimum Wage Is. 
Water. As summer heats up, droughts across the nation are causing municipalities to restrict water usage. My town of Lubbock, Texas, is no exception.
Practicing 'Just in Time' Marketing to Women by Focusing on Her Subjects of Interest Rather Than Her as an Object. Eliminating waste by adopting just in time marketing means to avoid portraying women in different roles \just in case\ she is in that role at the time you market to her. What this means is that instead of focusing on women as the object, focus on the subjects of her interest.
20 Hard-Working Dogs With More Impressive Jobs Than You. 
Walkable Cities Are Both Richer And Smarter. 
Barbie May Have Just Gotten Her Toughest Job Yet. 
11 Mistakes You Make At Work Every. Single. Day.. 
6 SEO and Social Secrets Every Entrepreneur Must Know and Why. Why should entrepreneurs and business owners care about integrating search and social into a marketing plan? They can't afford not to. Let the statistics speak for themselves.
The Company You Work for Is Destroying Your Morale and What You Can Do About It. Employees are the largest non-financial drivers of success in a company, and that if leadership was attuned to their employee needs and the culture they have built, it would result in better performance. Bottom line, if they treated you better, they would be even more profitable.
Success Is Never Final. When my father was alive, we would often discuss the progress the company was achieving. With each great success, he would tell me to stop patting myself on the back and would remind me of one of his favorite sayings, \Success is never final.\
American Apparel Suspends CEO Amid Misconduct Allegations. 
How Dying Became A Multibillion-Dollar Industry. 
Realizing Dreams. Whether you're leading a Fortune 500 company, a mom-and-pop store, or an entrepreneurial start-up, realizing personal and organizational dreams can raise (instead of sacrifice) your whole person well-being.
Women in Business. 
Sorry, Hipsters. 
Women in Business. 
(VIDEO) Heineken Taps TubeMogul for Programmatic Campaign. 
Investment, Innovation, Jobs. I believe the American economy can do some crucial things to put itself on a much more robust path toward growth. First, though, we all have to get a clear picture of what's kept the recovery so frail since 2008 -- factors in place long before the near-collapse of the financial system.
Nearly Two-Thirds Of Marketers Are Not Giving Consumers What They Want. There is simply no reason that 65 percent of marketers have no plans to offer a seamless shopping experience in the next year and a half, at the very least.
Beats Headphones Banned From World Cup Sidelines. 
The Moral Dilemna -- Who You Endorse In Your Career. 
Keeping Up With Consumers. Do you really know who your customers are? What do they look like, and where do they live? To stay competitive and interesting, stores now need to give shoppers a good excuse to drop by.
The Corporate Diversity Charade. The dirty little secret of corporate America and the practice of diversity is that 25 years after establishing \diversity\ offices, most companies have not developed a mature understanding of how diversity can contribute to their bottom lines.
The Fastest Launch of Any Company, Part Two. At a time when the American automobile industry is changing yet again, JD, or Dave as he is known, shares his knowledge of market research and the wisdom years of measuring the market has taught him.
When In Doubt, Slap Another Logo On It. A uniquely recognizable logo is the mandatory badge today's brands wield in an effort to reinforce their perpetual supremacy. But really, do we actually need all those stinkin' badges? When is enough too much?
Google Takes the Mindfulness Revolution Downunder. As humans we are peaceful and happy by nature, and mindfulness tools are proven techniques for us to learn to manage stress and bring more kindness and purpose into our lives, workplaces and the world around us.
To Court, or Not to Court. Avoid litigation when you can. When you can't -- win. Is it worth it? Or, more importantly, when does it make sense to fight it out in court, and when should you do everything possible to avoid it?
How Moms Became A Force Corporate America Can't Ignore. 
What Derek Fisher Must Do to Build a Knicks Basketball Championship Culture. A championship culture is different than a winning culture. If Derek Fisher can keep that and everything else Phil Jackson helped him learn in mind, he can build a championship culture in the New York Knicks basketball team. This is the key to long-term success.
Dear Baby Boomers, Step Aside. Some of us were told to go to graduate school, taking on more debt, being advised that this would set us ahead of the competition. And after graduation we found -- and continue to find -- that the economy is still lagging.
Bring Your Brain to Work. My wife, my infant son, and I arrived at the boarding door, baby in arm and bags in hand. That's when we found ourselves caught in an example of one of the biggest workplace problems of our time.
Women in Business. 
America Is Globally Shamed For Its Pathetic Minimum Wage. 
A Rare Peek Inside Amazon's Massive Warehouse. 
Mafia GDP. One of the main reasons why there will be no sustained economic recovery is because the stimulus derived from the massive decline of interest rates has already accrued to the economy.
This McDonald's Ad Beats Any World Cup Shot So Far. 
10 States With The Slowest Growing Economies. 
3-Year-Old Mauled By Pit Bulls Allegedly Told To Leave Restaurant. 
Is Your Nonprofit Board Chair Productive?. 
Should More Consumers Be Selecting Adjustable Rate Mortgages (ARMs) Today?. 
Elon Musk Is Even Smarter Than We Thought. It's an Elon Musk world, and we're just living in it. Before we bow down to a seemingly fearless and altruistic pioneer of electric vehicles and libertarianism, it's important to point out the ongoing contradictions with Musk and markets.
Reverse Crowdfund-gineering. Review some of the events that successful campaigns organized or participated in, and model their success. This is another way you can make reverse crowdfund-gineering work for you.
Think Summer Hours Are Enough to Make People Happy?. While you may think giving your staff a couple of extra hours of free time a week is feeding their souls, you're wrong. Time off is always welcomed, but employee happiness and productivity are driven by much more than free afternoons.
(VIDEO) Simulmedia Making Its TV Upfronts Debut. 
Tesla's Patent Release Isn't Crazy or Altruistic. Tesla Motors is freeing up its 200 patents to electric car competitors, throwing automotive analysts into a frenzy. But CEO Elon Musk is just following the profitable open source road paved by Salesforce, Facebook and Apple.
Baby-Boomer Downsizing? Perhaps Not So Fast. 
Without Integrity, Nothing Works?. Without integrity, nothing really, fully, works. The many costs of ignoring it, or taking it for granted.... are too steep and too persistent to continue.
Enhancing Creativity at Work -- It's Not What You Think. When we open ourselves up to be more aware of our experiences, we create opportunities to tap into a much greater store of information outside the limits of our conscious conceptual awareness.
The Power of Cities. The business case is clear. Research has confirmed that companies with women in leadership roles -- on management teams and on corporate boards - on average, outperform other companies.
Brand As Human. 
Why Story Integration Is the Key To The Impact Of A Brand's Social Purpose. In a time where everyone has access to the same marketing and social technologies, and new open-source tech and startups pose a daily threat to industry incumbents, a company's values and social-purpose story will be a critical lasting differentiator.
Obstacles for Women Reaching the Top. If tooting your own horn is hard for you (a common thing among women), PRACTICE. Or ask a colleague or sponsor to \toot\ on your behalf (and do that for others).
NYC Company Exploits 9/11 To Sell Concert Cruise Tickets. 
Lend These Guys $17,000 And Get Free Burritos For 4 Years. 
Time to Get Children Out of the Hazardous Supply Chain. Many multinational companies now ban children from working in their operations, but child labor is still a central issue for them. In the globalized economy, products have long and complex supply chains, often reaching down to a multitude of small, local producers.
Women in Business Q&A. 
Where Is The Line Between Professional and Personal?. 
Disturbing Reality About The Fish You're Eating. 
The Golden Era of Innovation is Upon Us. 
What's Your Meeting Brand?. Many leaders operate as if their meeting brand doesn't directly affect their professional brand. We're here to argue that they're one in the same. Most professionals spend the majority of their work day in meetings; their perceptions of one another are based on what they see during these.
The Only Real Question Anyone Has About Any Change You Lead. 
Global Pioneers Are Inventing a Better Future. Beginning with the Revolutionary War, America's capacity to care for our multitude of physically and mentally wounded warriors has proven woefully inadequate.
New Vitaminwater Swaps Sugar For Stevia, Grosses Out Fans. 
Why You Might Finally Be Getting That Raise After All. 
The Places That Most Desperately Need A Higher Minimum Wage. 
Social Media Guidelines for Your Employees. While social media platforms do create new opportunities for personal expression, communication, and engagement with the team, fans, accounts, potential customers and, let's not forget, media/bloggers, they also create new responsibilities.
Why Being Proud of the Little Things You do Will Help You in the Long Run. We are amazingly brilliant and hard-working people. We manage family, work, friends, living spaces, school, exercise, cooking, coupon cutting, plant watering, voicemail listening, gas pumping and ALL of the other life things that we jam pack into each and every single day. That's a HUGE deal!
White People Think One Black Person's Success Proves Racism Is Over. 
Culture Is More Important Than Vision. Leadership problems are one thing, but the culture a leader creates has the ability to either accomplish great things, or magnify incompetence. At whatever level you lead, do your best to create a great organizational culture.
8 Signs You've Chosen the Wrong Job or Career. According to a survey by the Deloitte Shift Index, 80 percent of employees report job dissatisfaction. Do you fit in this category? Here are eight signs that you've chosen the wrong job or career.
The Workplace Revolution. As more companies create inspired, innovative and hands-on environments, the demand for additional workplace benefits in the form of flexible hours, onsite daycare options and expanded healthcare provisions grows.
7 Lessons Businesses Can Learn From Lemonade Stands. 
A Sad Cautionary Tale of Fraud. It's your money. Don't let anyone -- including family members -- scam you out of it.
True Tales From the Front. Founders interested in taking their company public should try to do everything right from the beginning of their startup launch so that the company is ready when the time comes.
Janie Barrera. 
Justin Hartfield & Weedmaps.com. Justin Hartfield founded an Irvine, California-based company, Weedmaps, that I came to find out is considered the \Yelp of Cannabis.\
Lawyers Are Now The Driving Force Behind Mortgage Scams. 
5 Things Customers May Not Tell You Before They Leave for Good. If you've never hired secret shoppers for yourself, here are some common messages they have to communicate to their clients. Are these same issues persuading your own customers to walk away without leaving clues?
How to Be an Entrepreneur Who Doesn't Suck. Here's the sugar-coated version of what I'm about to say
Best and Worst Terms for Your R\u00e9sum\u00e9. If you describe yourself as accomplished, obviously adjectives are not enough. Include some details about achievements that help the prospective employer believe that those are not just empty terms.
Obstacles for Women in Business. Conscious awareness of the comfort principle is its cure. If I acknowledge that I am subject to this natural phenomenon, I can make conscious, deliberate choices.
New Jersey's Consumer Advocate Takes the Verizon-NJ Board of Public Utilities' 'Stipulation Agreement' to Court. On May 27, 2014, the New Jersey Division of Rate Counsel filed with the Superior Court, Appellate Division, a Notice of Appeal to halt a stipulation agreement between the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities (NJBPU) and Verizon New Jersey (VNJ) to erase a 20+ year plan called Opportunity New Jersey.
8 Companies That Owe Workers A Raise. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
America's Most Profitable Products. 
Harry Connick Jr. and The Walmart Economy. An uneven recovery. This is what economists are discussing, but more problematically, it's the reality that too many American families are facing every day.
This Call May Be Monitored for Quality Control. Funny how everyone talks about how important workers are to companies, but no one seems to do anything about it.
If the Culture Fits... What Zappos and Other Employers Look For in New Hires. Building a workforce where everyone \fits\ doesn't imply homogeneity, which breeds group think -- a fatal flaw in a competitive global economy.
What Content Marketers Can Learn From TV. With shows like \House of Cards,\ \Modern Family\ and \Game of Thrones,\ the massive influx of quality TV has ushered the now traditional medium into a second Golden Age.
What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up?. The dreaded question of What should I do with my life? is a common one. From childhood to adulthood, we ask it of ourselves and others ask it of us. The decision can be tortuous.
Going Green With Catie Marron. \I think the overwhelmingly enthusiastic response to the High Line is a great example of the value of creative thinking in designing public spaces.  So many cities in the world now want to create their own High Lines and are thinking about abandoned spaces in a new way.\
SMB Cyber Security Basics and Breach Response. One data breach could mean financial ruin for a SMB, so it is important to react quickly in case of a breach. If your business has been breached, here's what to do.
This Artisanal Pickle Maker Pays His Workers $16 An Hour. 
Sweden To Experiment With Six-Hour Workday. 
A Simple Solution To America's Woes. 
These 29 Photos Of Procrastination Porn Will Cure Your Boredom. 
Too Old to Drive? Think Again, Google to the Rescue.. Independence is first and foremost in the American spirit. But, our society is at a crossroads. Within the next two decades 20 percent of the U.S. population will be over 65. This causes great debate when it comes to aging and driving.
Rudeness, Responsiveness, Respect ... a Bridge Over Troubled Email Waters. Do any of us get too many emails to be rude, not respond, and not show respect to those who are sending us matters of substance? And who gets to define what is and isn't a \matter of substance?\
Women In Sales. As more women advance in the workplace, it's becoming clear that corporations seeking to achieve a balanced leadership agenda are better off not trying to make women think and act like men.
As Global Demand for Dairy Products Soars, Domestic Innovation is Key. Every day, our increasingly independent children and adolescents are faced with coolers full of beverage and energy drink options, and they must have innovative and attractive milk alternatives that make it easier to make the nutritionally smart choice.
Cognitive Dissonance on Greenhouse Gases. The time has come to break through the cognitive dissonance and come up with a coherent plan. The Post is right -- doing nothing is simply not a viable option.
Four Critical Marketing Strategies to Stand Out in Today's Noisy World. 
A Cheap Investment That Could Return Millions. 
Sit. Stay. Stay Away from Dog Treats from China!. Large pet retail companies have announced that they've pulled the treats from their shelves, but products with \Made in China\ buried in lines of small print (or in one case) hidden on the bottom of a \pocket\ package are still available in supermarkets and large drugstore chains across the U.S.
Full Employment via Reindustrialization. The primary reason for U.S. structural unemployment, economic stagnation, adverse balance of trade, and shrinking revenues is the export of our industries, services, and R&D and reliance on the importation of low tech goods.
Canadian Law Makes It Cheaper to Prevent Oil Sands Leaks Than Clean Them Up. As the Canadian government pushes a new law rendering pipeline companies liable for all damages from leaks and spills, the only friend to both sides in this polarized world of dirty oil sands is leak prevention technology.
Are Brick and Mortar Banks and Checking Accounts Dying Due to Digital Wallets, Prepaid Debit Cards, Etc.?. 
Immediacy, Accuracy, Innovation - It's Required. As innovation becomes a necessity for survival, so will immediacy and accuracy characteristics that make up the innovative process and the product.
As EPA Launches War on Emissions, U.S. Plays Catch Up With Europe on Renewables. The United States is behind the curve when it comes to the percentage of renewable energy resources on its national grid. And with domestic oil and natural gas production increasing, low-carbon solutions may fall even further by the wayside.
Debt Collectors Have Figured Out A Way To Seize Your Wages And Savings. 
Hate Your Job? 5 Things to Do Before You Quit. Yes, you may still need to work at a job you don't want for a while longer. But, it's better for your bank account and your resume to move smoothly from one job to another if you can.
American Youth Are Bombarded By E-Cigarette Ads. 
Shoppers Boycott 'Big Bad' Amazon, Head To Walmart.com. 
Soda Taxes Can Work. Here's How.. 
Are Harper's dreams of Canada as energy superpower going up in smoke?. 
These 5 Decisions Define You as an Entrepreneur. Most aspiring entrepreneurs are convinced that the strength of their initial idea somehow defines them as a leader, as well as the success potential of their derivative business. In my experience, it's a lot more complicated than that.
Did Verizon Short Change \Upstate\ New York and are POTS Customers and Low Income Families Paying for Fiber Optic Services They Will Never Get?. 
Here's Why You Hate Work. 
10 Companies With The Least Valuable Workers. 
Is Excessive Deference Shown to Nonprofit Boards?. 
And The State With The Strongest Unions Is.... 
Hidden Cash Millionaire Is Causing 'Pandemonium' In Los Angeles. 
Verizon NY Charged 'Basic Rate' Phone Customers Multiple Rate Increases for the Deployment of the FiOS, Title II, FTTP Broadband Networks. 
This Fact About The Clippers Sale Will Enrage You. 
6 Huge Reasons For Slowing Down. Why do people keep going and even increase their schedule and to-do lists, despite the obvious decrease of their life quality?
QUIZ. Traveling back in time sounds fun and all. But there's one, er, reality that Hollywood forgets
A Day in the Life of the Sharing Economy. We recently embarked on a project to elevate the awareness of the sharing economy and are proud to share a look into a Day in the Life of the Sharing Economy. This movement is not just a trend, it's a way of life.
Digital Voices and Corporate Reputation. In just one click and a nanosecond, social media have a lot to say about corporations, their behavior and, ultimately, their reputations.
The Death of Black Ad Agencies. As America becomes more multicultural, many corporations have begun taking a total market approach when trying to reach consumers, rather than looking at distinct cultural attributes of multicultural segments.  This, according to my guests, is leading to the decline of long-standing black agencies.
Millennials as Smart, Highly-Adaptive \Reptiles\. 
Time For Bitcoin to Come Out of the Closet?. The evidence is beginning to pile up.  Evidence for eventual full recognition of Bitcoin as an alternative payment system.  Take a look at this list of recent events.
9 Roadside Assistance Tips to Surviving an Unpredictable or Bumpy Career Road Trip!. You may be resilient enough to absorb the shocks, but here are some roadside assistance to ensure you not only survive the trip but enjoy the ride:
Why Fancy Headphones Got So Incredibly Popular. 
Happiness Guaranteed. 
The Quadruple Bottom Line. Work and organizations are going to be changing more in the next decade than they have in any other thanks to the development of computing and other kinds of technology. When incorporating the new technologies that are being developed into how organizations are designed and operated it is critical that the quadruple bottom line be the criterion against which change is conceived, implemented, and evaluated.
Economy Shrinks For First Time In 3 Years. 
Why You Never See Ronald McDonald Eating McDonald's Food. 
Start Planning for the Future. It is time to start planning for the future and the future of your taxes is in about 240 days. That is when the IRS is expected to start processing 2014 tax returns (assuming no late tax legislation changes or other IRS delays) and you will be able to file your taxes and receive your refund.
Five Tips to Transform Talent in the Workplace. If you look at all these questions, the underlying issue is talent. How to attract, recruit, hire, onboard, mentor, develop, coach and lead a team of people who fit the organizational culture and produce results for your organization.
How About An App To Measure Changes In Employee Commitment?. 
Making the Pivot of a Lifetime. 
5 Strategies for Finding Success in the Face of Failure. Just when you think the way has cleared for a smooth ride, challenges come up just to keep life and business interesting. How do you find success in the face of setbacks? How do you keep a great attitude and set yourself up to win?
Frozen. Learning to love technology, to embrace it and use it well, may involve early crashing into each other, but in the long run, it can be a great tool of connection.
How to Become a Key Person of Influence. 
Teracoin -- A Digital Currency Minted by the Labor Force. I'd like to propose a digital currency that acts to balance the playing field. Start with bitcoin and let's make a few modifications.
Net Neutrality Solved. MSNBC writes that a possible solution to Net Neutrality -- commonly known as an 'open Internet' is to reclassify broadband as a \Title II\ service, which was changed by the FCC to an 'information' service, commonly known as 'Title I\.
Mixed prognosis. 
Getting Off the Linear Career Track. It can be nerve-wracking for others to watch from the outside, especially those who grew up in a generation that touted climbing up the ladder in one company.
Krugman. 
Walmart's Biggest Problem. 
Pfizer Is Abandoning Controversial Plan. 
Will Asian Gas Deal Quash Canada's LNG Export Hopes?. Just as the supply of shale gas brought down North American gas prices, so too will the new supply of Russian gas lower prices in China.
An Anonymous Rich Person Is Hiding Money All Around San Francisco. 
More Entrepreneurs Are Seeking Purpose in Business. After survival is assured, it's a natural human urge to find a higher calling, or purpose, to give self-satisfaction. Many people incorrectly pursue this as a destination, or cause, rather than a direction. Purpose isn't a cause; it is an approach to work and serving others.
The World's Most Miserable Countries. 
Inside A Legal, Multibillion Dollar Weed Market. 
Stress Test. Even if a bank had never officially employed Geithner, his attitudes and concerns clearly reflect those of the financial industry. This comes through in matters big and small.
7 States Running Out Of Water. 
Finally Someone Is Sending Car Salesmen to the Junkyard. Until now, buying and selling a car was the root canal of transactions.  Every step is usually fraught with ugh, including the painful, ritualistic negotiation process.
Unleashing the Potential of Women Business Owners. The integration of more women suppliers into the global value chains of multinational corporations is a powerful mechanism to help women grow their business, generate wealth, create jobs, and contribute to the vibrant prosperity and wellbeing of their communities.
What Shopping Will Look Like In The Future. 
Going Nowhere Fast at McDonald's. Forget the salad wraps or apple slices -- McDonald's is now serving up an even more creative alternative, in an attempt to satisfy thousands of workers demanding fair wages and respect at the workplace.
There Were 'Likely' More Than 13 Deaths In Recalled GM Cars. 
Pro-Gun Group Backs Down After Chipotle Rally Backfires. 
Mother Finds Out Years Later That GM May Be Responsible For Daughter's Death. 
Abercrombie To Get Slightly Less Obnoxious. 
For the Love of Vibram FiveFingers. The day after the lawsuit I was approached by a woman who said
Is It Better To Buy Or Rent?. 
The Central Contradiction of Capitalism that Piketty Overlooked. While it is true that the long-term dynamics of unequal wealth distribution are indeed unsustainable and unconscionable, a reality much less obvious is buried in the data
Abercrombie Is Finally Over Its Bizarre Obsession With Abs. 
Women in Business. 
America's Tech Firms Must Not Aid Chinese Repression. My late great father, California Congressman Tom Lantos, would often remind me with a wry smile
Looking for Mr. Good Brand. Advertising, one of the oldest tools in the brand arsenal, has found new energy, expression and reach by leveraging the power of new media to develop long-format content and to extend their engagement with social media and PR.
Three Rules of Life We Need to Break in Business. There are some rules of life that we need to question, especially if we want to succeed in business and leadership. These are three that stand out for me.
What's the Deal with Native Advertising?. Select advertisers and publishers are giving native advertising a bad rep. But neither party can entirely be blamed for this. Their needs are in constant conflict.
Empty Vessels. \Empty vessels favor the bold,\ I told my friend. A unique and potentially memorable name, when paired with a quality product that truly meets consumers' needs, can be the most powerful asset a brand can wish for.
Mindfulness at Work. Imagine for a moment that you were a computer. What sort of error messages would you have seen already today?
Teens and the Summer Job. I've read articles knocking the teen sector for their lack of willingness to find a summer gig; but every young person I've encountered wants a summer job because they want money. The two sort of go hand-in-hand, yes?
The Potential Problem Looming In Your Retirement Portfolio. This case poses a dilemma for senior citizens who seek to protect themselves from being scammed when they no longer have the cognitive ability to make decisions about their investments. If you can't trust members of your family, what should you do?
Who's Winning. 
AHHHHHH. 
Maintaining World Class Integrity in a Nonprofit Boardroom. 
John Oliver's Fake GM Ad Pretty Much Nails It (VIDEO). 
Iran Says OPEC Needs to Make Room for Its Oil. Iran is serious about achieving a position on the international stage that's reflective of its reserve potential, the country's oil minister, Bijan Zanganeh, told an international energy summit in Moscow.
In 10 Years, We Will Have Zero Privacy. It's no exaggeration to say that prospective bosses can know more about you than members of your immediate family know.  All they need do is purchase the information from one of the hundreds of databases available.
Chipotle Is Making Big Changes But Nobody Really Cares. 
Krugman. 
Pressure Mounts On Credit Suisse CEO To Quit. 
America's 9 Most Damaged Brands. 
The Case Against The Bernanke-Obama Financial Rescue. 
5 Things That Made Our Start-Up Work. Our mission grounds us, but it isn't our strategy. You have to be willing to change or pivot from your original plans. We all assumed we'd be telling stories that spark hope and action by making feature films.
Missed the Tax Deadline? Take These 5 Steps Now. A balance owed to the IRS could result in large fines and put a ding on your credit report. So if you missed the tax deadline, be sure to follow these steps to hopefully avoid most of these consequences.
This Country Will Vote On A $25 Minimum Wage. 
The Heaviest-Drinking Countries in the World. 
How Aspiring Entrepreneurs Can Stand Above the Crowd. 
Women in Business. 
Hispanic and Asian American Homeowner's Market Heats Up. While the spring thaw is coming later than normal in both climate and housing this year, there are new signs that the market is picking up.
It Was Only A Matter Of Time Before The World Got A Marijuana Food Truck. 
4 Marketing Tactics for SEO, PR, ORM and Content Marketing Experts. The era of digital marketing as an all-encompassing, multi-channel, multi-faceted, integrated approach is here
Interview With a Philosopher. 
Don't Ask Sheldon Adelson for a Job. 
Class of 2014. You've got your diploma and a killer new job, now all you need to do is find a place to live! Relocating and landing your first apartment can be stressful, but we're here to help.
#FacebookFail and the 'We Know Best' Folly of Corporate America. 
WATCH. 
3 Things Orgs Can Learn From How History's Biggest Thinkers Spent Their Days. We often benchmark companies to learn best practices, but in people management, we rarely benchmark our practices by looking at high-performing individuals.
Simple Tips to Create Increased Customer Engagement. Customer engagement is a term that is tossed around frequently in marketing circles. I am finding out that even though many of us are using it in daily conversation, there is an element of confusion. This phrase has become more buzz-term friendly than user friendly. Let's clear up the confusion, shall we?
5 Ways to Lead Millennials in the Workplace. Millennials are very different from generations before us. Where our grandparents valued hard work and grit and our parents education and job security, we were raised to believe that we could be whatever we wanted and to dream big.
New Ford CEO Fields Versus General Motors CEO Barra. 
Changing the Corporate Battlefield. I collapsed at work. Twice. Once was not enough for the perfectionist in me. But, thankfully that was several years ago. My body forced me to stop, whether I liked it or not. I finally listened and made what I thought at the time were difficult decisions.
Learn Investing Tips From Property Transfers. You may never be able to afford paying $100 million or so for your home, but you will have the satisfaction of knowing you have not contributed to the ability of your \money manager\ to live a life of crazy excess off your back.
How to Sell to the Informed Consumer. Let's face it, today's consumer (read
Consumers Now 'Think Like An Expert' With New Real Estate Search Tool. 
3 Massive Problems with Digital Publishing Today. In order to avoid publishers blindly attempting to preempt the future,\u00a0it is worth critically asking:\u00a0What will (and should) happen in order for publishers to be successful, long-term?
Interviewing Do's and Disasters. One of the first critical steps in building your business is hiring employees. Yet interviewing job candidates is often ineffective and, worse, presents abundant potential for costly mistakes and missed opportunities. Interviewing itself is far from foolproof.
Don Draper and Steve Jobs Have Much in Common. 
Why Calls for Boycotts Always Hurt The Wrong People. American hotel workers are not highly paid to begin with, and they deserve a lot better than a bunch of celebrity reactionaries preventing them from doing their jobs.
Reshaping What We Think About the Gender Pay Gap. The convergence of human capital differences between men and women suggests that there must be another explanation for the remaining gender pay gap.
That Barefoot Running Shoe Company Lied To Us All. 
And The Happiest Country In The World Is.... 
Business Meetings. There are several ways to guarantee that your next business meeting is a success. Making a good impression is key. Here are fifteen tips on how to do just that.
To Email or Not to Email. If you are not building a strong, reliable email list, you are making a big mistake! How do you expect to generate sales for your products or services and achieve sustainable growth in your business?
11 Pieces Of Advice Successful People Got From Their Moms. 
The Wahlburger Effect, How Reality TV Leveraged a Good Business Into a Great One. Wahlburgers, while not targeting middle schoolers, shows that the best products are a multi-sensual experience for which the consumer isn't sure where the line between promotion and product lie.
Chevron's Ecuador Plan B. The big news this week in the Chevron-Ecuador saga is the Patton Boggs settlement with the oil giant, which should not be shocking to anyone following the financial troubles of the law firm.
What Exactly Is Fair CEO Compensation?. When you are passionate enough about something, you often don't need a lot in monetary compensation.
Capitalists in the 21st Century. With the rare exception, however, we don't see much of an appetite from the wealthiest capitalists here in the U.S. to engage in a new form of capitalism that would \redistribute\ or change the manner in which income or wealth is presently being shared.
5 Tips to Successful Content Marketing. 2. Know your audience
Marrying the Right and Left Brain in Business. As marketing directors on the brand side, we were frustrated that we could never find an agency embracing both qualities and offering the whole package so we decided to start our own.
The Deadly Cost Of North Dakota's Gas Boom. 
Timothy Geithner Tried To Quit Three Months Into Treasury Secretary Stint. 
Economists Are Wrong. To boil things down, there are really only two roads we can follow in an environment of such as this. The economy will either muddle along at a sub-par rate of about 2 percent until balance is restored, or we go down the path of running up debt in an effort to produce higher growth rates in the near term.
7 Things Attracting the Youth to American Manufacturing. From procurement to design, building, delivery, and service, there's considerable opportunity -- not to mention massive room for growth -- at some of the world's largest companies.
Want The Best From Contractors? Deploy Two-Way Onboarding.. 
Capital in 21st Century. Thomas Piketty and friends have collected two centuries of economic data -- such as tax returns -- to verify what was suspected but not known.
The New Bank Innovation Platform. One of the greatest benefits of an open innovation platform for a financial institution is that they can honestly say that they listen to what clients and potential clients want and, perhaps, more importantly what they need.
Hobnobbing With 'Givers' Mike Gamson and Alaina Percival. I highly admired them for the infinite efforts they put into \giving,\ and especially, into mentoring students and professionals.
Women in Business. 
Even Millionaires Think The Rich Should Pay Higher Taxes. 
Is Content Consuming You or Are You Consuming Content?. Are you like me, always trying to carve out time from your day to read blogs, eBooks, whitepapers, attend webinars, watch videos and visit yet another website? Our challenge isn't finding the information, but finding time to read it.
Piketty Is Right. 
Why Facebook Is Having A 'Goodfellas' Moment. 
Does Your Business Deserve $25,000 Plus Mentoring? ENTER AND YOU COULD WIN!. 
To The Woman With The Expired Coupon. Your bullying tactics are exactly what makes me embarrassed to be a consumer.
Companies With The Best (And Worst) Reputations. 
Condom Ads Show Couples Literally Sealed Together (NSFW). 
E-Cigarette Tech Leads To Some Unlikely Medical Advances. 
5 Reasons to Become an Entrepreneur. Acknowledging the national importance of entrepreneurship to America's economic growth, one of the attendees there asked an important question
The 10 Most Popular Stores In America. 
What Gurbaksh Chahal's Firing Says About Us. That the board fired Chahal is not surprising. Media furor was only growing, and partners and customers were dropping the company in spades. The nuance of the question, however, is not so much why Chahal was fired, but how we define the threshold for firings of this type.
28 Throwback Examples of Native Advertising. Native advertising dates further back than you think. Years ago, lots of big publishers and many even bigger brands were doing it, but no one called it native advertising. Bloggers, journalists and advertisers referred to it by a different name
You're Probably Investing In Gun Companies And Don't Even Know It. 
Intuition and Big Data Collide. 
Mindful Marketing Goes Mainstream. If you are one of those highly accomplished, over-caffeinated, exhausted business leaders, you're in luck. It is now cool to admit it, and approach things in a healthier way.
Not a Zero-Sum Game. The share of wealth controlled by the super-rich in the United States has actually increased about five percentage points (from 17 to 23 percent) since 2008. Is this the \free market\ at work?
Global Business Leaders to the Rescue!. Let's face it
Do You Have a Simple Interest Mortgage?. This is a good time, therefore, for borrowers to make sure that their mortgage has not been converted into a SIM, and if it has, to develop a plan for protecting themselves. It isn't all that difficult once you know the drill.
Change-Readiness. What makes one country better prepared for change than another?
The Terrible Twos. 
Metadata, Connection and the Big Data Story. 
Audemars Piguet -- An Afternoon Talking With Olivier Audemars. 
Tax is All About Trust. 
NDAs Are Stupid (Mostly). 
Senate's Turn to Act on Patent Reform This Week. The House has already acted; the White House has said enough is enough. It's time for the Senate to do their part to reform the patent system so that it rewards innovation -- not trolls trying to manipulate the system.
When It Comes To Health Care, There Are 2 Americas, And These Maps Are Proof. 
Are Men More Controlling?. 
A Tale of Two Investors. Like many investors, Paul and Mary don't trust Wall Street. They believe the stock market is rigged against small investors. They wish they didn't have to invest at all. However, they have done their homework and understand the impact of inflation on their purchasing power.
Getting It Done. It is possible to get great work done -- to be creative, strategic and still be productive. You just need a roadmap. You need strong habits and rituals so you can spend your energy on your creativity and strategic stuff, not just managing your day-to-day.
Brave. When he was 12-years-old, Robin was climbing up Lookout Mountain in Colorado on his first road bike at 12 miles an hour long after dark one night. He heard a siren, and a police officer stopped him; it was way past curfew.
SEC Chair Comes To The Defense Of... Wall Street?. 
The Biggest Reason People Didn't Sign Up For Obamacare. 
Another Poll. The sources of work-related stress are pervasive, across many companies. Failure to build more positive management cultures in our organizations will lead to yet more surveys that will cite similar findings.
The Problem With Your Problem Solver. Today's blog has been written while in the midst of an emotional whirlwind. The culprit behind the chaos? An impending, temporary move overseas.
10 Leadership Lessons I Learned From My Father. Below I have summarized the 10 most memorable Leadership Lessons I Learned From My Father so far...
The Top 10 Reasons the Economic Recovery Is as Dull as a Dead Parrot. An economy with nobody working is boring. The share of the population that is working simply has not recovered.
Top 5 Tips for Helping Lead a Productive and Happy Team. I am managing a team of 11. My main goal is for them to be happy and productive. How do I optimize that experience for them? By not micromanaging and allowing them to work where they work best.
\What About the Men? They Need Life Outside of Work, Too\. In short, the workplace is changing and men experience many of the same work-life conflicts as women.
Truckers, Outside Contractors and Urinals. Southern California truck drivers at the Long Beach and San Pedro ports, will soon go on a limited two-day 'exhibition' strike to protest what they see as a gross misclassification.  Truckers as far away as Savannah, Georgia, are expected to join in the protest.
It's All Mental. Although you may have a vision for a company or your body, you still have to embrace and live in the moment.
Palm Beach, Florida. Recently the Hyundai Sonata Hybrid received an upgraded electric motor and more compact battery so gas mileage was even better than before at 38 miles per gallon combined.
Everest Tragedy Exposes Big Business Interests At Play. 
Why The Housing Market Is Still Stalling The Economy. 
America's Least Common Jobs. 
What is the Downtown Podcast? An Interview With Dylan Jorgensen. Personally, I think the guests we have had on from Singularity University have been my favorites so far. People like Dr. Omri Avirav\u00adDrory and Austen Heinz have really stretched my thinking about what viable business models might come with the future of bio and nano tech.
Big Bank Cracks Down On Controversial Practice. 
American Airlines Merger Settlement Approved By U.S. Judge. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
Businesses Must Connect to People for Real Success. Entrepreneurship is more about building a business than inventing a product. It's more about the quality of the execution, rather than the quality of the idea. Most importantly, it's more about being a proactive leader.
NYC Is Even More Unaffordable Than You Think, In 6 Charts. 
Krugman. 
Here's What's Really Holding Back The Economy. 
Southwest Shares. 
Three Reasons to Steal, Not Copy. I'm a true believer that nothing is really new in the world; it's just a constant rehash of old or existing ideas. What's new is how those old ideas are put together, mixed, mashed and clashed, and that is what makes things entirely new and special.
Jamie Oliver - Behind the Brand. Jamie Oliver is making an impact beyond what most TV celebrities do, from helping reform legislation removing unhealthy ingredients in fast food to community outreach at the local level by helping elementary schools rethink their lunch menus.
Improving Communication for Your Business Through Technology. 
Why Marketing and Sales Are Inseparable?. Your content marketing will attract customers seeking to solve the problems you are best at solving. When that happens, your sales efforts will be about determining if you can help, not convincing them of your talents.
9 Tools for Engineering Growth. As technology continues to evolve, so does the way users interact with it, making new and innovative user acquisition strategies necessary as well. Growth engineering requires equal parts marketing, technology and creativity, which is why the best toolboxes are as diverse as they are ever-changing.
IKEA To Roll Out Vegetarian Meatballs. 
Growing Discount Airlines Learn The Hard Way You Can't Leave Workers Behind. 
4 Things They Don't Teach You in MBA Programs (Though They Really Should). Having spent six years in two different colleges (for both my Bachelor's as well as Master's), I have a clear idea of what business schools aim to do. However, I also found that there are several things that they don't teach even though they really should.
Student Loan Borrowers Struggle When Co-Signers Die Or Go Bankrupt. 
Nurturing the Startup Juggernaut. Startups are the juggernauts that discover new markets, which drive growth and wealth creation in our economy. It's in our interest to nurture the ecosystem that allows startups to thrive.
The Lemon That Is Lululemon. Lululemon's comments can and likely do cause negative social effects by creating a concept of the ideal fit female body as one that only can fit comfortably into its pants. It should begin to impose on itself an extra duty to be socially responsible.
Text Analytics 2014. Fiona McNeill\u00a0is Global Product Marketing Manager at\u00a0SAS, co-author of The Heuristics in Analytics
Do You Work for a Great Company?. 
Girls' Toys Are A Big Win For Hasbro. 
Krugman. 
Everything That's Wrong With Advertising In One Video. 
The Real Secret To Chipotle's Success. 
An Even Greater Challenge For The Long-Term Unemployed. 
Disney Makes Big Move On Raising Wages. 
General Mills Reverses Controversial Policy. 
How to Find Your Business Leadership Blind Spots. Leaders need to provide an opportunity for others to offer additional input and, in particular, dissenting views. Often, the final moments of discussions are the richest, as people will wait until that time to surface what is really important to them.
Change Management. 
What Type Of Pot Smoker Are You?. 
Why The Rich Get Richer While The Rest Of Us Are Left Behind. 
Soon You Might Not Be Able To Afford These 10 Foods. 
Why Progressives Should Think Twice About Embracing Uber and Lyft. St. Louis is already a city that has lost so many good-paying blue-collar jobs. Lyft and Uber are part of the Walmartization of America
How Good Do You Want to Be?. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
Women in Business Q&A. 
7 Things That Could Totally Kill Weed Legalization's Buzz. 
How Marketing Leaders Can Secure a Seat in the C-Suite. 
How Not to Waste Money With FaceBook Ads. 
Stop Hating, Millennials Spend Tax Refunds (and Money) Smarter Than You Think. We are a generation of maximizers, and it's both a blessing and a curse. Sure, we can identify what we like, online, on our phones and in store, but liking a product simply isn't enough to make us buy it.
3 Things Wealthy People Do Differently. Napoleon's definition of a military genius was \The man who can do the average thing when all those around him are going crazy.\ Rich people are similar. They remain normal when everyone else can't.
Avoid the Freak Out!. Remember, market corrections are a part of investing, like it or not. Stick with your plan.
Financial Literacy for the Entire Family -- Money Skills for Toddlers and Teens. No matter where, or how, our children are getting their financial education, here's something that I know for sure
9 Money Myths Exposed. According to a January 2014 Schwab Money Myths survey, no matter how savvy we think we are, there are still a lot of financial misconceptions floating around out there. And surprisingly, a number of those misconceptions aren't about esoteric investing theories; they're about everyday financial situations.
Reining in Prom Expenses. As with weddings and vacations, spending on prom can easily spiral out of control, especially if your teenager isn't used to sticking to a budget. Use this as a learning experience by getting your kid involved making tough decisions, helping to prioritize expenses from vital to non-essential.
5 Signs You're in Financial Trouble. 5. Ignoring Debt
Wondering What to Do With That Tax Refund?. There seems to be a general belief around this time of the year that if you're getting a refund, then you should spend it on something fun. All the ads urging us to go out and splurge certainly seem to think so. But is that really the case?
What Is the Best Way to Invest for Retirement?. Decide how you are going to spend your time. What are you going to do during the first six to twelve months in retirement, and what do you plan to do for the rest of your retired life?
5 Smart Ways to Spend (or Save) Your Tax Refund. The first income tax day in U.S. history was on March 1, 1914. Four years later, Congress passed the \Revenue Act,\ which moved tax day forward by two weeks to March 15, where it remained in effect until 1955. Why the change to April 15?
Filing for a Tax Extension? What You Should Know. While time is ticking for you to complete your taxes, don't get so caught up trying to file that you make a mistake!
How Wall Street's Life-Ruining Work Habits Hurt All Of Us. In her book, Schulte cites study after study showing that working extreme hours just for the sake of showing up is a habit
9 Countries That Hate America Most. Several of the countries that dislike American leadership the most have also undergone recent political upheavals. Mass demonstrations
Bain Capital Sees Opportunity In Methadone Clinics. The clinic parking lot is jammed at 10:30 on a Monday morning. Inside a bustling waiting room, patients talk to staff members
America's Least Healthy Cities. There\u2019s no doubt that great strides have been made in Americans\u2019 health over the years. Americans smoke less, are more likely
High-Frequency Trading Marks High Water of Financial Corruption. When a person or firm makes too much money for too long, it turns heads. And so it was with Steven A. Cohen. Year after year, Cohen's firm, SAC Capital, beat the Street. Big bets, the theory went.
Bullish on Bitcoin. Even as the currency's potential suffered a blow following the collapse of Mt. Gox, some early adopters in the travel and sports industries are still bullish about the value of this new way of doing business.
The Hidden Costs of Retirement. Once you determine how your current expenses are going to change during your retirement years, you can start to understand how much you'll really need to save.
The Most Dangerous Time in the Stock Market. We are in a dangerous time in the stock market. It's not a dangerous time because of a crisis or volatility. It's dangerous time because investors start to become overconfident.
Last-Minute Tax Strategies to Be Retirement Ready. Abraham Lincoln once said, \You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.\ Following these tips can help you conquer the panic today of tomorrow's tax-filing responsibility while simultaneously building your nest egg and driving increased retirement readiness.
Last-Minute Tax Tips to Maximize Your Savings. There's just something about doing our taxes that makes many of us revert to slacker college student mode, waiting till the last minute to throw together that report we've known about for months. But there is hope.
5 Important Money Habits You Can Start Before You're 25. The earlier you begin saving money and the earlier you begin managing debt, the more likely you will be able to react to the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead.
Can I Earn Reward Points or Miles by Paying Taxes?. Will the amount paid in taxes and fees push you over a spending threshold and into a higher rewards bracket? Will the extra
6 Conversations You Need to Have About Money. The fact that people learn more about finances at home than from any other source is a testament to the importance of families, but it is also a responsibility.
7 Last-Minute Tax Filing Mistakes People Often Make. With Tax Day fast approaching, millions of Americans are scrambling to track down receipts, bank statements and other documents. But the more you rush, the more you're likely to make mistakes that can cost you in the form of penalties, a delayed refund and even a higher risk of an audit.
Warning. Sometimes investors will confuse recent successes and tend to be more aggressive. It can give you a false sense of investment prowess. Then things turn south, and you pay for it. So how does a poor investor figure out their risk tolerance?
How to 'Spring Clean' Your Credit Cards. Shirley Pulawski is a freelance journalist who frequently contributes to MyBankTracker.com. Even if you convert a credit
Can Paying Your Taxes Late Affect Your Credit Score?. It's pretty simple
4 Ways to Get Your Debt Snowball Rolling. Having a plan to pay off debt is one thing. Setting that plan into motion is a whole different ballgame. Arguably the best approach to getting out of debt is called the debt snowball.
What Wikipedia Won't Tell You About Personal Savings. The real power is in your hands. Now its up to you to step up to the plate and do something about your personal savings.
You Can't Start Flowing Until You Stop Resisting. I had at least 25 scenarios and if I continued I could have got more. There were real problems with the current copy/paste and we had indeed 'reimagined' the whole problem without even thinking about it.
Chili's Cancels Plan To Fundraise For Anti-Vaccination Autism Group (UPDATE). -- Those looking to contact Chili's can do so through its website. On April 7, the restaurant chain will be donating 10 percent
States With The Highest (And Lowest) Taxes. During the 2011 tax season, Americans paid 9.8% of their income in state and local taxes \u2014 on top of taxes collected by the
High-Profile Stocks Brace For More Pain On Wall Street. (Wall St Week Ahead runs every Friday. Questions or comment can be e-mailed to angela.moon(at)thomsonreuters.com) (Editing
9 CEOs With The Worst Reputations. These are the nine CEOs with the worst reputations. Some CEOs, however, are not popular with employees. At nine major companies
Can Startups Surf the Huge Information Tidal Wave?. A tidal wave of valuable data is surging from the Internet and connected devices today, and the volume is growing exponentially each year. It's enough to drown any business which tries to fight it or ignore it, and it's an opportunity to ride higher and faster for those startups that use it.
Five Surefire Ways to Torpedo Your Investment Portfolio. No investment method is foolproof; if anyone tells you otherwise, hold onto your wallet. Taking the right precautions, however, keeps risk to a minimum.
Tax Identity Theft. So what happens if, or when, you become a victim of tax identity theft? If you know for certain that your identity has been compromised, the IRS has a form for that. But if you've already lost your tax refund to an identity thief, their reporting mechanism may not be enough to resolve your existing case.
5 Money Moves to Make -- April 2014. Make these five money moves and reinvigorate yourself for the spring season (we all need it after harsh weather of this past
Trust But Verify Personal Finance Advice. When it comes to making money decisions, doubt and self-doubt are inevitable. After all, unlike many choices that are subject to whimsy and fate, financial decisions can be judged by their direct impact on your well-being, now and in the future.
7 Simple Steps For Making Last-Minute Tax Filing A Breeze. Like it or not, April 15 is going to be here before you know it. If you haven't started working on your taxes yet, you might
Can Smokers Save on Insurance by Switching to E-Cigarettes?. Insurers may warm to e-cigarettes in the coming years, but for now most of them will still think of you as a smoker even if you don't. In today's world of semi-privacy, it might be harder than you think to hide evidence of this should an insurer decide to look more closely.
40 Financial Things You Should Know by 40. Many by-40 milestones have become debatable
The Stages of Financial Planning, By Age. Whether you're 10 and saving for a new bike, or 60 and knocking on the door of retirement, it's never too late (or too early) to get your ducks in a row.
Asking How to Pay for Social Security Is Asking the Wrong Question. Social Security works.  It does what it was designed to do, and although this was not the concern when it was set up, it actually boosts the national output above what it distributes. It is a win-win-win.
Picking the Right IRA Could Save You $1,000. Anyone who wants to cover the cost of living during her golden years should be thinking about IRAs, or individual retirement accounts, just as much as she's nursing her employer-sponsored 401(k)s.
Protect Yourself from IRS Tax Scams. With tax season upon us, taxpayers are not the only ones preparing for tax filing day. The Internal Revenue Service warns consumers that there are sophisticated scams targeting taxpayers throughout the country.
Milk Your Credit Card Rewards Without Spending a Dime. Collecting points, bonuses, and other rewards by using a rewards credit card can be exciting, fun, and addicting. However
Stressed. The reason
America's Most Miserable Cities. 10. Evansville, Ind.-Ky. > Well-Being Index score
Repercussions and Reprieves at Health Insurance Enrollment Deadline. WASHINGTON \u2014 America\u2019s health insurance marketplace closes on Monday night, the deadline for most people to obtain coverage
Watch NYC Gentrify Right Before Your Eyes. And Optimo Cigars, a bodega in Union Square, has been replaced by a boutique cupcake store (of course). Jade Mountain Restaurant
America's Most Content Cities. Conversely, in each of the 10 cities with the lowest well-being scores, incomes were lower than the typical American household
Here's How The World's Most Brilliant People Scheduled Their Days. Based on the charts, we learn that some of history's icons had more eccentric habits than others. Consider Beethoven, who
10 Things Most Exceptional CIOs Never Do. Exceptional leaders systematically and pragmatically go against the status quo. They thrive in counter intuition. As technology commoditizes, the herd gets larger and larger, so go in the opposite direction.
These 6 Abandoned Places Will Haunt Your Dreams. 3. The Floating Forest, Sydney, Australia What to do with a wrecked coal ship? That was the question Australians didn't want
Watch Out. You're probably watching obvious items like your credit cards, and making payments on time, but there might be some forgotten items causing problems with your credit, and dragging down your score.
Kroger vs. Walmart vs. Aldi. Walmart should serve frugal shoppers well in the absence of an Aldi. The items in Cheapism's shopping cart, which included
Bitcoin. Bitcoin transactions, unlike credit card purchases, are irreversible. If you buy merchandise with bitcoins and the merchant fails to deliver, that money is now securely in his hands. There will be no third party company to go to bat for you
The Debt Tax. When it comes to debt, there really are no free lunches. Indeed, it is always harder to get out of than it is to get into. The best thing you can do is to change your own thinking when it comes to money. When you are in debt, even the price tag has a price tag.
5 Last Minute Apps to Help You Get Through Tax Season. If you haven't yet discovered the simplistic beauty of filing your taxes online, let me tell you, you're missing out. You plug numbers into an app, and the app makes math happen, and then you're done.
One-Sentence Financial Rules. Ninety-nine percent of personal finance can be summarized in nine words
Six Reasons Why You Should File Now vs. Filing for an Extension. According to the IRS about 28 percent of taxpayers wait until these last weeks to prepare their taxes. If you're among those that procrastinated this year, here are six reasons to file your taxes before the April 15th tax deadline.
Asking Tough Questions About Annuities. After all, self-interest drives everybody's behavior to some extent. The problem, however, arises when a financial advisor's self-interest conflicts with yours.
The Increasing Costs of Having a Bad Credit Score. There's simply no getting around it. Poor credit scores make life more expensive.
Most Americans Have No Clue How Their Tax Dollars Are Spent (And Don't Care). Using information released by the White House and the per capita personal income of $42,693 (according to Bureau of Business and Economic Research), GOBankingRates calculated how the average American's 2013 federal income tax bill breaks down.
Making Your Extra Mortgage Payments Count. You can use the same payment method that you use to make your scheduled payment. Just bear in mind that the relevant date is when the payment is credited by the lender, not the date when you sent it.
Spring Cleaning Your Finances. \Spring cleaning\ your finances means first taking a big-picture look at your financial health, and then clearing out the cobwebs that muck up your monthly budget.
Five Essential Social Security Questions to Ask Before Retirement. How does starting at age 62, 66 or 70 impact your retirement income? As you figure out when to start Social Security, here are five key questions to consider.
Do Debt Relief Companies Violate the Fair Debt Collections Practices Act?. If you have a credit or debt question you'd like to ask, just click here and ask away. The plain language of the FDCPA prohibits
How Your Credit Score and Credit Report Are Examined by Lenders. Knowing the difference between a credit score and credit report can help you make the right financial decision when it comes to applying for lines of credit, and can also help you get better interest rates on loans.
A Simple Way to Build Credit for the First Time. No credit history means no credit score. And no credit score makes lenders hesitant to give you even small amounts of credit. So how does anyone get credit in the first place?
When You Die, Where Does Your Dough Go?. Investors over the years have told me that they have it all worked out. \I've got a will, a trust and spoke to an attorney.\ Often, those instructions were done years ago, sometimes decades ago.
Will Bitcoins Become the People's Federal Reserve?. I believe this will spur economic growth without increasing debt, because U.S. notes can be printed and spent into circulation
Future Shock. To the land of way beyond? Beyond banking and beyond receipts, there is also a growing trend towards alternative payment
How the Sex and the City Ladies Would Spend Their Refunds. It's almost that time again -- where do you put your hard-earned money from the federal government? What would the SATC women do?
Store Sales -- And How It Can Hurt Your Credit. Just imagine if the salesperson told you what was really going to happen
Cities Where Wealth Is Soaring. The United States is still slowly recovering from the recession, and incomes across the nation have declined in recent years
Beware! A Majority of Job References Don't Say Good Things. For most job seekers, providing a list of references is an afterthought. The toughest part of the job search is over -- landing the interview and performing well enough to get to the \final four\ (or five or...). Whew -- it's almost over! Not so fast!
Picking Up STEAM in San Diego. And getting businesses like Qualcomm on board makes this is a model to keep the idea of STEAM in the forefront of things
The Private Sector Tackling Education in Emerging Economies. Anyone who really wants to understand what is happening with education in emerging economies should look to Sunny Varkey. Born to expat Indian teachers in Dubai, Varkey is now head of the largest operator of private K-12 schools in the world, GEMS Education.
Whether in Cookies or Cars. The stuff we buy has been shrinking, shrinking, shrinking over the years.The more companies tell consumers they love us, the more they show us that they don't. Some say that modern retail is really a 'war to con consumers.'
Americans Are Getting Even More Pretentious About How They Drink Coffee. Gourmet coffee is defined as espresso-based drinks as well as regular coffee made with beans that the drinker considers gourmet
The State Of 'The New Normal'. Business Insider reached out to Mohamed for an update on the New Normal. Here is what he sent us in response. Read more on
If You Want To Get Rich, Work For These Companies. These are the 15 highest-paying companies in America, according to 24/7 Wall St.
Why Most People Fail to Cash in On Their Dream Idea. A better question than asking about the quality of an idea, is asking about the quality of your plan to cash in on the idea.
How to Rent With Bad Credit. Don't avoid the elephant in the room. Address your bad credit frankly and honestly.
4 Ways to Avoid ATM Withdrawal Fees. Someone who uses an out-of-network ATM five times per month is looking at a monthly expense around $20 to $25, or $240 to $300 per year.
The Sweet 16 Ways to Improve Your Finances During March Madness. You want to make sure you're paying down your debt as quickly as possible. First, pay at least the minimum amount due and pay it on time each month.
4 Key Steps in Taking Control of Your Spending. It's also important to communicate with your spouse. Are you both fully aware of your financial situation? Is your spouse
My Husband Was Taken Advantage of by For-Profit Colleges. You made one statement that concerned me when you said loan forgiveness is only available for graduates. That's actually
Uncle Sam Takes Plastic for Taxes -- But Should You Use It?. Before You Swipe... These two tricks carry more risk than paying via direct deposit or a check. In fact, I would only consider
Big Tax Deductions for College Expenses. Paying for college is costly.  But there are some tax benefits that can help parents who are footing the bill, or students who are independent.
My Parent PLUS Loans Will Take Most of My Retirement. Let's not allow the perceived hopelessness of your situation fester and lead to more debilitating anxiety and deep depression
Money, Marriage and Lies. Whether it's credit card spending or the secret cash stash, it's not healthy for a marriage to have secrets -- financial or otherwise. Broken trust and hurt feelings from financial secrets will put a wedge between a marriage. Often the damage is irreversible.
How '20-Somethings' Can Get Out of Debt Pronto. If you are in your 20s and in debt it can seem like a gargantuan task to throw that monkey off your back. Do not despair my young friend. It may seem impossible to clear that debt, but it's actually much easier than you think.
5 Frustrating Debt Traps and How to Avoid Them. It's still all too easy to get ensnared in a nasty debt trap that could derail your finances and prevent you from accomplishing your dreams.
5 Things to Do Before the Health Insurance Enrollment and Penalty Deadline on March 31st. Learn about your options if you miss the March 31st deadline. Unless you have a life changing event, like getting married
Manilla Mini. So, you just got your tax refund in the mail. What are you going to do with it? Chances are you'll probably end up spending it on something you don't really need. Why not make your money work harder for you?
A Simple Guide for First-Time Homebuyers. Taking the leap into home ownership is a big deal. Long considered the American Dream, it signals an entry into adulthood that some people crave. Millennials are joining the party -- the average first-time homebuyer in the U.S. is 31 years old. Before you join the ranks, here are some things to do.
Will Your Free Credit Score Soon Be on Your Bills?. Recently, the CFPB issued a report stating that common complaints from consumers are regarding errors in their credit reports
Minimalist Money. I do love the art of minimalism. Minimalism is an approach that assumes less is more, or to simplify. Sometimes it can be really hard to implement in different areas of our lives. Especially with our finances.
How Do You Measure Third Metric Success?. Just as I left my office, a slight drizzle began. Determined to get my taste of this welcome warmer weather, I pulled a chair under an awning and ate, taking in the gentle sound of raindrops, the occasional flecks of water hitting my skin and the colors of the sky and greenery around me.
Why Most Student Loan Debt Advice Is Bad or Just Wrong. The scammers are ahead of the experts on selling student loan solutions. It's not unusual at all for me hear from people who were charged $20,000-$37,000 for student loan help that's available for free.
My Student Loans Take Half My Income. Help.. \At this point I can never even imagine a reality of owning a home or business until these loans are paid off, which is still at least 10 years away. Is there anything I can do to make a solid impact on my debt, and start reversing the cycle?\
9 Retailers Closing The Most Stores. To determine the retailers closing the most stores, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed large retailers that have publicly announced store
Imagine Warren Buffett and/or Charlie Munger on Your Nonprofit Board. Buffet and Munger, close partners for 54 years are sometimes described as 'being joined at the hip.' Two Stanford professors have developed an analysis of Munger's comments on good corporate governance.
Where The Income Gap And The Lifespan Gap Meet. Fairfax County, Va., and McDowell County, W.Va., are separated by 350 miles, about a half-day\u2019s drive. Traveling west from
The Best And Worst Paying Cities For Women. Despite improving since the 1960s, the gender pay gap is still quite wide in the United States. Moreover, the gap seems to
A Letter of Hope for Those Who Dread Their Jobs. You hate your job. You try to pretend like you don't but you do. You get in the car every morning, with your coffee in hand, and take a deep breath.
Renting Money. We need to be reminded that affordability is not simply a function of cash flow, but a price and expected value consideration, after all.
ARM vs Fixed-Rate Mortgages. When it comes to buying a house, you have to make lots of decisions. You have to figure out which neighborhood you want, which school district, how much of a down payment to make, etc. One of these decisions is whether you will take out a fixed-rate or adjustable-rate mortgage.
How Vladimir Putin Could Cost You Money. Come election time, they say that Americans traditionally vote pocketbook issues over foreign policy. In today's global economy, though, it is getting harder to distinguish the two.
The Single Biggest Problem With Your 401(k). You are already invested in your employer more than you think. It's also tempting to think that you should invest in what you know, and so hold your employer's stock.
That Credit Card 'Convenience Fee' May Be Illegal. When a small mom-and-pop shop slaps on a small \convenience fee\ for an in-store purchase with a credit card, it is likely confusing the term for a surcharge. Under a 2012 ruling, merchants cannot impose a credit card surcharge of more than 4 percent of the transaction.
How I Paid $100,000 Off My Mortgage in Under 2 Years. Six digits of debt are intimidating, especially when you're a single homeowner. But at 29 years old and just 15 months after buying my house, I've already paid $100,000 off my mortgage.. and I plan to pay the other $155,000 off before I turn 31.
\What's Your Financial Plan?\ Is a Dumb Question. It's amazing how the word \finances\ immediately throws us head-on into our current circumstances. From this standpoint you may not see many options for what to do from a personal financial perspective.
Poor and Uninsured? You've got an Obamacare Discount Waiting. If you know people in your family or circle of friends who still haven't shopped for health insurance on one of the marketplaces, either because they're worried about the cost or because they have no idea how it all works, feel free to use the information below to help clear things up.
Tax Identity Theft Tops IRS Tax Scams This Year. The top three tax scams in the IRS \Dirty Dozen Tax Scams for 2014\ are Identity Theft, Telephone Scams, and Phishing.
7 Ways To Leverage Your Tax Refund Into Something More. The average tax refund is around $3,000. If you are lucky enough to get a refund. That may not sound like a lot, but there are some interesting ways to leverage that return.
Mortgage Issues of Married Couples. When a married couple purchases a house with the help of a mortgage, they become subject to a wide range of legal rules and custom-based practices at every stage of the process.
Obama Announces Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) Help. Since it was introduced, FAFSA has been simplified. In 2009 it took as much as an hour and half to fill out. Today, intuitive, online software lets parents and students skip irrelevant questions and load financial info directly from the Internal Revenue Service website.
Passionate Job Search. Because everyone's search, just like every one's passion, is different. There IS no one right recipe. No matter how many followers on Twitter, how slick the web site or Facebook page or how alluring the cover of the book. There is no one right recipe.
It's Time to Boost Retirement Savings -- And Dramatically. Consider this scary statistic
Financial Independence for Everyone. Reaching financial independence requires some effort, sacrifice, and learning on your part. Many people shy away from planning their finances because they lack an understanding of economics and financial markets. I've found that managing finances wisely depends on some basic principles that anyone can understand.
5 Surprising Reasons Why Car Insurance Rates Rise. Even if you don't get a traffic ticket, cause a car accident, or have a teenage boy in the household, you could end up paying more for insurance for these five lesser-known reasons.
Why the YOLO Generation Has It All Wrong About Money. Yes, you only live once. That is an inescapable truth that applies to us all. What is not true is that you have to \just get by\ financially in order to really live. You can really live right this very moment and save for your future.
Companies Profiting The Most From War. Global military spending was down in 2012 for the first time since 1998. And for the second year in a row, arms sales from
What's In Your IRA?. You can buy certain gold and silver bullion coins such as American Eagle or American Gold Buffalo coins (proof and non-proof
The Worst Product Flops Of All Time. These are the worst product flops of all time. To identify some of the worst product flops of all time, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed
Overcoming Unconscious Biases Against Female Bosses. Counterproductive gender biases keep gender equality stagnating
If You Read One Article About Dropping Credit Cards, Read This One!. Here goes
Warning. Merchants basically get it -- to many of them, Groupon looks less like an innovative advertising mechanism than a loan broker, arranging bundles of small loans from consumers, and taking a substantial cut... Consumers don't often see this side of the equation.
Finding the Magic Number. I've seen clients get into financial trouble in spite of making high salaries. Some are doctors, lawyers, or engineers -- educated professionals who earn six-figure incomes. Strangely enough, though, education doesn't necessarily lead to sound financial decisions.
How To Hack Your Health Insurance Decision. Before the Affordable Care Act (ACA), there was no easy way to shop for a health insurance plan. But the ACA has standardized health insurance marketing, which makes it easier to compare plans \apples-to-apples.\ So now you can get right to it in just two steps.
Financial Animals. Despite their freedom from financial concerns, pets can actually teach us some useful lessons about what to do--and what not to do--with money.
10 Leadership Lessons From U.S. Commanding General John E. Michel. Leaders realize it's about people, not things. When you work a lot with technology it can be easy to confuse priorities and become infatuated with the technology. Strong leaders put the people first and leverage technology to make them more efficient.
10 Retailers With the Worst Customer Service. Customer satisfaction with retailers in the U.S. is at an all-time high, up for the third year in a row. While the industry
Why the Lean In Backlash Has Returned, One Year On. Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg's Lean In aimed to spark a conversation about women and the workplace. But with that positive message came some questions about whether Sandberg was in touch with the realities of the average American woman.
The Great Debt Shuffle. Recent changes in household balance sheets can be viewed as a glass half-full or half-empty. But there are some traps lurking behind an apparent reduction in overall debt.
European Commission's Investigation of Google Can't Become a Song That Never Ends. The verse started with Google proposing a settlement, then the European Commission market tested it, Google's competitors put pressure on the European Commission to reject it and the verse repeats. We are now on the third repeat of the chorus.
Doing Business in the United Kingdom. When traveling abroad, it's important to learn about the people and culture you are doing business with, so as not to be misunderstood or appear rude. Here are some tips for businesspeople and other visitors traveling in the UK.
Bitcoins and Animal Spirits. For a few years I've been warning about the dangers inherent in the digital currency bitcoins. Not because of the virtues
There's Rampant Income Inequality In Congress's Own Backyard. The result is that poor people are forced to move out of neighborhoods where rents are rising, or leave the city. Outlining
10 States Where Income Inequality Has Soared. These are the 10 states where income inequality has soared, according to 24/7 Wall St.
Apple CEO To Climate Change Deniers. Apple CEO Tim Cook has not been known for taking a strong stand on, well, just about anything. Caution has been the watchword
Red Carpet Protesters Ask For Yearly Wages That Add Up To At Least One Oscar Gown. \It's hypocritical for Hollywood, with its Screen Actors Guild and other unions, to contract out non-union security officers
Tax Time. As with most things tax-related, choosing whether to file jointly or separately as a married couple is a highly individual and complex decision. That's why we consulted two certified public accountants to find out how common it is for a married couple to file separately, what it means for your taxes and in which situations it may apply.
The 4-Letter Word That Can Ruin Your Credit. While access to credit enables us to carry these kinds of debts, they hurt our ability to gain more access to credit - so the big-screen television you buy today could well be the one thing that prevents you from getting a mortgage on the perfect house next year.
Money From Nothing. \u00b7 People wishing to monetize their status as Senior Contributor or Mega Maven or whatever should be able to trade-up to the
8 Ways to Save on Taxes in 2014. We can't give you an ultra-comprehensive summary of IRS codes within a single article. But we can point out a handful of tax laws that should be near the top of your radar.
10 Things The SEC Wants You to Know About Variable Annuities. Because different products have different features, it is important to read the prospectus for details including charges, investment choices, death benefits, payout options, and other features.
Are You Hiding Money From Your Financial Advisor?. It always amazes me that clients don't understand how important is to be accurate.
Finances Like a Real Adult. I can try to adult-ify my apartment all I want, but one thing remains true--my finances need to be handled, and I'm the only one who can take control of them.
The Inherent Creepiness of LinkedIn. The answer is voyeurism, plain and simple. I want to see which Big Kahuna took a gander at my profile page on the sly. I want to congratulate myself on being interesting enough that people want to hunt me down and learn more about me.
America's Most Content States. Other factors considered by 24/7 Wall St., in addition to data from the Well-Being Index, may also influence a state\u2019s score
Betting Strategies for Breakthrough Innovation Contests. Decision-making and its consequences are often divorced from one another in organizations. At concept presentation meetings
How b.good Blends Loyalty With Love. RS
$10.10 Minimum Wage Would Add Less Than 1 Percent To Walmart's Labor Bill. A boost in the minimum wage to $10.10 would add $200 million -- or less than 1 percent -- to Wal-Mart\u2019s annual labor bill
The Least Literate Cities In America. CCSU ranked the cities based on six categories
Training to Win. Many of my followers are incredibly diligent about their financial health. They pay their bills on time, check their credit
Bitcoin Turmoil. It turns out that there seems to be tiny little vulnerability in the bitcoin protocol. Aren't there supposed to be built-in safeguards with the exchange mechanisms?
77 Reasons You're Awful at Managing Money. People usually get better at things over time. We're better farmers, faster runners, safer pilots, and more accurate weather forecasters than we were 50 years ago. But there's something about money that gets the better of us.
Here's What Really Happens When You Shop For Health Insurance. Since the new health insurance exchanges launched last October, there's been a seemingly endless stream of news stories, mostly about rollout problems, health insurance cancellations, enrollment numbers, or personal anecdotes that are quickly repurposed as political fodder. But what about the shopping experience?
5 Ways to Avoid Bad Credit After a Break-Up. Here are five things you can do to protect your good financial name in the event that stars, once aligned, go spinning off into the cold universe, and you find yourself thrust from loving cohabitation into relational isolation.
Money Can't Buy You Time. As you do well in life, it's not the cost of choices that drives scarcity, it's distributing finite time over them that does.
Zombies, Peanut Butter, Jam and Your Retirement Savings. In all seriousness, it's clear from this study and many others that people are quick to say they want more choices and options when asked about nearly anything. This thinking can go a long way in retirement savings as well.
4 Tips for Teaching Your Children About Frugal Living. As a kid, I thought my dad was cheap, but as it turns out, he's just smart. He knows what's important to him and what isn't. Those priorities are reflected in the way he spends his money.
Lucrative Returns on Phantom Money. Even when the balance is paid on time every month, credit card use imposes a huge hidden cost on users -- hidden because the cost is deducted from what the merchant receives, then passed on to you in the form of higher prices.
Here's Why Intelligent Investors Are Avoiding Stocks Right Now. The stock market had an awesome year last year, rising roughly 35 percent. Many investors, inspired by the market's strength, have now decided they want to get in on the gains. However, now is not the ideal time to put money to work in stocks. In fact, it's a horrible time to do so.
How to Make a Bigger Impact With Your Investments in 2014. If you're looking to make a bigger social impact with your investments this year, you have many options. Here are five ideas to help you get started.
Redefining Education to Close the Workforce Skills Gap. Please mind the gap
Organic Networking. Even as a young woman counting several early successes, Carrie's youth has brought her equal challenges in a world dominated by those her senior.
Women in Business. At a time when theatre concessions were anything but sophisticated or creative, it was Julie's vision to create an elegant food and beverage experience.
The Cities Paying The Least In Taxes. Although a little late this year, due largely to the federal government\u2019s 17-day shutdown in 2013, tax season is here. Read
Raising Taxes On The Rich Would Reduce Income Inequality. \u201cToday\u2019s tax code allows a far larger share of the income of the rich to escape taxation than the poor or middle class,\u201d Summers
This Company Wants To Make $5 Billion A Year Selling Pot. Creative Edge Nutrition, a Michigan-based nutritional supplements company, has come up with an interesting plan to legally
That UAW Defeat Wasn't as Bad as It Looked. Instead of seeing this as a devastating, disastrous and crushing defeat, the UAW should be encouraged by its remarkable showing against staggering odds.
Krugman Slams Comcast-Time Warner Deal. Last week\u2019s big business news was the announcement that Comcast, a gigantic provider of cable TV and high-speed Internet
The Crushingly Expensive Mistake Killing Your Retirement. Humans are horrible at understanding compound interest, and it's making our golden years much less so. Read more on The Atlantic
After Historic UAW Defeat at Tennessee Volkswagen Plant, Theories Abound. \u201cI am excited,\u201d auto worker Justin King told me as he put on his cowboy boots to get ready for the victory party planned
Volkswagen Works Council Set To Seek Labor Representation At Tenn. Plant. HAMBURG/BERLIN, Feb 16 (Reuters) - Volkswagen's works council said it would press on with efforts to set up labour representation
Abba's Outrageous Outfits Were A Tax Avoidance Scheme. Apart from being eyecatching, they helped the Swedish supergroup exploit a Swedish law which meant clothes were tax deductible
The 10 Richest U.S. Presidents. The Kennedys were wealthy because of the financial empire built by Joseph Kennedy. Herbert Hoover made millions of dollars
What a Homeless Man Taught Me About Leadership. Leadership does not mean having followers; it's about having an impact, or influence, on those around you. After I saw Joshua as a man like me -- not a stereotype of a homeless man --I couldn't stop thinking about how I could help him since he already helped me.
You Own Your Career - No One Else. So that means no one is steering your career ship. You okay with that? No one is going to serve you a career on a silver
Is This a Market Correction -- Or Something More Serious?. Over the first five weeks of 2014, the U.S. stock market declined by roughly 5 percent. Is that a buying opportunity, or the beginning of more serious trouble?
Will Mortgages Ever Be Transacted in Bitcoins?. That this question gets asked with increasing frequency is an indication of how far the bitcoin phenomena has come.
Stop Obsessing Over Money. Money can become an addiction like anything else. It can control your life. And to be honest, it's probably the only thing in my life that at times has become an obsession.
Should You File Your Own Taxes? Or Should You Hire a CPA?. Lots of people honor traditions. Some people eat turkey on Thanksgiving. Some people bake an apple pie on Independence Day. Me? I abide by a longstanding tradition, as well
What to Know Before You Invest in Startups. Depending on certain factors, it could be a great idea to put some portion of your portfolio into high risk assets like startups. But before you do, there are three major factors you need to consider to make sure start-up investing is appropriate for you.
Why Valentine's Day Is a Good Time to Assess Your Tax Situation. Just like how your relationship status affects how you spend Valentine's Day, it can impact your taxes.
My Personal Experience on How to Save Tens of Thousands of Dollars on College Tuition. Our interest in getting the best financial support possible from the best school for Abby helped me discover a way of potentially lowering college tuition by a significant amount. Read on -- it could save you tens of thousands of dollars!
The Case for Retiring Now. It's high time I retire a little bit now, in my mid-thirties, while happy, healthy and with a loving wife and two young children who are as game as I am for family adventure.
How I Avoided Buying a Lemon of a Car from a Relative and Saved Money. The next time you're ready to buy a car, or want to buy a car for your son or daughter, you may want to forgo buying one from a relative.
A Lesson From Warren Buffett on Buying Fear. I thought it would be valuable to take a lesson on fear from legendary investor Warren Buffett. After an epic run in 2013, stocks have taken a breather to start the new year.  If you read the recent headlines, you'd probably be scared stiff.
The 10 Weirdest Things Thieves Steal. Similarly, the production of maple syrup relies heavily on weather patterns. With poor sugaring conditions in recent years
Design for Startup Companies. What impact does great design have on a startups' success, and how can they best apply design when on a shoestring budget? It is a mistake to think that plowing design resources into a visual identity, as usual, will do the job.
AOL Chief Walks Back New 401K Policy. In a letter to employees, AOL CEO Tim Armstrong reversed the company\u2019s recent decision to change some 401(k) benefits. Read
AOL CEO Reverses Benefit Cuts, Apologizes For 'Distressed Babies' Comment. AOLers - We began our journey together in 2009, and for the last four years have had an employee-first culture. As I have
Here's A Full List Of The Beef Products Recalled This Weekend. Nearly 9 million pounds of beef produced by the Rancho Feeding Corporation in Petaluma, Calif., were recalled on Saturday
Q is for Questions. Questions are important. Actually, that's not right Questions are VERY important When the great master Peter Drucker passed away, several gurus remembered their interactions and experiences with Drucker in various media outlets. I had an opportunity to read many of them.
How to Find Your Calling. Unleashing your life's work is not about doing. It's about undoing all the beliefs that stand in your way. You already have an off-the-charts destiny for your life. You already have the hard-wiring to be the most exquisite version of yourself.
STEM Selling. The incredible women changing the face of technology further this evolution as they impact our lives on a daily basis while demonstrating a new-found confidence, beauty, intellect and skill previously unexpected of women entering such fields.
Nobody Wants To Drive In These Cities. For many Americans, there\u2019s no escaping the stressful rush hour drive \u2014 but not for everybody. Many choose not to own a car
Firestorm At AOL Over Employee Benefit Cuts. It should have been a glorious week for AOL chief executive Tim Armstrong. His company\u2019s quarterly earnings, announced Thursday
Compensation Plan or Employment Contract?. U.S. employment-at-will law essentially allows an employer to fire at any time or an employee to quit at any time without legal consequences. Montana is the only state without employment-at-will after a probationary period.
Hidden Profitability Investing 101. In terms of stocks, the first quarter of 2014 is expected to be riddled with challenges. Fund managers sold shares to secure
How to Ensure a Fast Tax Return. To Err Is Human If you're filing form 8379, titled Injured Spouse Relief, you will have some thumb-twiddling to do while
Why You Should Make Your Financial Resolution in February. If you didn't make a financial (or any) resolution when the clock struck midnight on Jan. 1, that's okay -- it's not too late. Consider making one right now following these three simple rules of resolutions.
How I Paid Off Over $50,000 of Credit Card Debt. I took my debt by the horns and rode it right out of my life.
To Bargain or Not to Bargain, That is the Question. Bottom line is this
4 Free Tools to Super Charge Your 401k or IRA. The right tool for the right job can make all the difference.  Not only does the right tool improve the quality of any job, but it also makes the work more enjoyable.  This fundamental truth applies to everything from carpentry to auto repair.  It also applies to investing.
How Rising Mortgage Rates May Impact You. While mortgage rates fluctuate daily and the interest rate you'll pay on a home loan depends on multiple factors, most mortgage experts anticipate an increase in average mortgage rates by the end of 2014.
Ways to Impress a Mortgage Lender. With the CFPB's new Ability-to-Repay rule and lenders still leery after the real estate crash, how can you best show a mortgage lender that you can handle a home loan?
Protecting Identity Is Your Responsibility. It's bad enough that major retailers haven't protected us. Don't make it worse by creating your own vulnerabilities.
The Devil in the Pie Chart. Here it is, the single most toxic, fossilized, hammered-down maxim our culture -- along with most of the barely civilized world -- lives by, pounded into our fundamental ethos since birth.
12 Hacks to Save Serious Money on Groceries. By shopping smarter, there are ways to stretch your grocery dollars when you're shopping the aisles and even after you get your food home. Here are 12 tips for making the most of every dollar spent.
The Walking Dead Meet the Retirement Drifters. What does life in the aftermath of a zombie apocalypse, battling zombie hordes, dealing with predatory human survivors, and trying to maintain one's humanity in a hostile world have in common with the struggle to prepare for and survive retirement? Actually, quite a bit.
Yes, Virginia, There Is a Responsible Way to Use Credit Cards. Don't let anyone use a fear tactic to scare you into thinking all credit card use will end in financial ruin.
How To Manage Your Budget. Online bill pay, smart phone apps, special calculators, email alerts sent to you from your bank; all these things are your friend. Hang out often.
Get Some Sleep, And Wake Up The G.D.P. - NYTimes.com. January is always a good month for behavioral economics
Countries Where Children Have the Best Opportunities. Is America really the land of opportunity? According to data just released by Gallup, 80% of Americans believe children in
China Now Guzzles More Red Wine Than Any Other Country In The World. Part of China\u2019s growing appetite for red wine is the country\u2019s taste for certain French varietals. China is, for example
4 Tips for Saving for Your Child's Future. Where should you invest? How can you invest? How much should you put away and how should it be earmarked? These are all important questions when looking at creating a savings plan for children. Here are a few tips to help you get started.
Top 8 Ways to Create Passive Income. Wouldn't it be great if you could have a continuous stream of income deposited into your savings and/or checking account? You wouldn't have to worry about paying the bills on time or having money to buy groceries for your family.
If You Were a Horrible Boss, Would You Even Know It?. Why are there so many bad bosses? They're bad because everyone is afraid to tell them. And generally, as you climb the corporate ladder, fewer and fewer people tell you the truth. This is terribly unfair when you think about it. What's a horrible boss to do? I can give you three proven steps.
Why a Picture Is Worth 1,000 Words. Fresh off our New Year's celebrations, many of us chart a course for our personal and professional improvement. We reflect on where we have been and where we want to go. Change is a part of the beginning of a new year.
Promoting Your Value in a New Era. Those who have the social fluency to succeed in face-to-face settings and who use rich stories to promote their brand emerge as the rising stars.
Choose to Find Her and Mentor Her. Recently I was talking to a new friend about sponsorship. In particular, I was talking about the need for women to sponsor younger women in their careers by championing them for internships, jobs, promotions, and fellowships with introductions and more.
America's Fastest Growing (and Shrinking) Economies. In Metro areas where economic growth is strong, jobs frequently follow. Many of the nation\u2019s fastest growing metro areas
These Are The 'Gaping Holes' In Revolving Door Rules. A top aide to a Republican congressman from Arizona helped promote a legislative plan to overhaul the nation\u2019s home mortgage
Save Money on Health Care. An HSA is one aspect of an overall healthcare strategy that can be a helpful planning tool and help you save money on the high costs of health care.
8 Tips for Financial Wellness. Need all those cable channels? Need that gym membership if you only go once a week?
Why the Obamacare Penalty Is Not What You Think. Obamacare's individual mandate is kicking in this year, and uninsured Americans will soon face a penalty. However, that penalty remains a confusing and widely misunderstood aspect of the new health care law.
4 Tools to Help Monitor Your Accounts for Fraud. Fortunately, with the help of financial tools, consumers can keep a close eye on their accounts for any suspicious activity with these free tools.
Building Better Balance Sheets in 2014. The news is already filled with advice on how to build better finances or warnings that Americans' balance sheets are tilted too far toward debts and not enough toward savings. Yet following the advice or heeding the warnings is easier said than done without policies that help families and individuals save and build assets.
Move Over Spandex. Push the spandex and marathon aspirations to the side for a minute. New Year's resolutions shouldn't just be about physical fitness.
5 Ways This Super Bowl Is Like Retirement Planning. The build-up to the 2014 Super Bowl has focused as much on the weather as it has on the Seahawks and Broncos. Given how unpredictable winter weather in New Jersey is, it makes a pretty good metaphor for the uncertainties you face in building your retirement nest egg.
3 Ways Your Brain is Derailing Your Retirement. The human brain is pretty well-equipped to handle immediate problems and issues, but it's not so hot at making plans for the future. If we allow our brains to make default decisions, we'll all end up cursing our younger selves from the retirement home.
Why We Need Spousal Refusal. Granted, the term Spousal Refusal sounds mean-spirited.  Should an individual be allowed to legally walk away from his or her spouse's long-term care bills? Some background on the subject may lead you to respond affirmatively.
Is the Stock Market Going to Kill You?. When people talk about the keys to good health, they always talk about balancing mind, body and spirit. However I believe they are missing the key ingredient of financial health. Health and wealth are interconnected and if any of the pillars of health are disturbed, it can cause sickness and even death.
Do You Have Performance Envy?. Do you have performance envy? 3. Your portfolio may be less risky. If you have a diversified portfolio you probably took
6 Legit Ways to Make Money From Home That You've Never Heard Of. With all the unique money-making opportunities available, many people are finding that they can earn a few extra hundred dollars a month by thinking a little outside the box.
Emerging Markets Change CEOs' Perspectives In Davos. Reduced Fed bond buying will reverse the liquidity that has flooded into higher-yielding emerging markets assets. \Complacency
Where Are The Brave Ones?. Government cutbacks are also the main reason for our soaring inequality and social immobility, as domestic austerity policies have endangered the social safety net while conservative state governments inhibit collective bargaining, voters' and women's rights.
Yen Falls As U.S. Watches Closely. But it was possible some U.S. officials suspected that Japan was \encouraging further depreciation of the yen by winking
Cars So Hot They're Out Of Stock. U.S. vehicle sales reached a six-year high in 2013, with 15.6 million units sold, up from 14.5 million in 2012. Demand for
The 5 Best LinkedIn Next-Level Strategies. Each of these next-level strategies is engineered to get you unstuck and on-track. As you execute them, you will intuit other strategies that you can immediately apply, unearth new business opportunities, and begin cementing powerful new relationships.
What Should HR Leaders Focus On in 2014?. The most important thing that HR should focus on in talent management is assessing the skills the organization needs to implement its strategy, and the plan for recruiting and managing that critical talent.
Beyond Sage on the Stage Consulting. While many patients, anxious about their well-being, simply want the doctor to tell them what to do, that is, ultimately, a prescription for failure. Sustainable change only happens when people take full responsibility for their own condition.
Boston Consulting Group's Rich Lesser, Wendy Woods Share Wellness Tips. Rich Lesser and Wendy Woods of the Boston Consulting Group sat down with HuffPost Live at Davos on Saturday and gave some
Dr. Francis Collins. Collins also participated in a panel led by Arianna Saturday morning called \Health is Wealth.\ When comparing science and
Kumi Naidoo Of Greenpeace. \The struggle is not about saving the planet. The planet does not need saving,\ Naidoo said. \This fight is fundamentally
2014 Davos Annual Meeting. The 2014 World Economic Forum, also called the Davos Annual Meeting, comes to a close Saturday. Today's events include a
Ethical Capitalism? It's Worth a Try. Ethical Capitalism is not some idealistic dream; it is a powerful engine that drives long-term value creation.
Venture Capitalist Compares 'Progressive War On 1 Percent' To Nazi Anti-Semitism. \I would call attention to the parallels of fascist Nazi Germany to its war on its 'one percent,' namely its Jews, to the
Michaels Arts Supply Store Warns Of Possible Data Breach. Target last month said hackers had stolen some 40 million payment card records and accessed 70 million customers' records
States With The Least Government Benefits. Right now, the states already bear a substantial burden. They pay for public pension plans, unemployment insurance, education
The TSA Found Some Dangerous -- And Creepy -- Things In 2013 (PHOTOS). ... and combs containing hidden daggers
'Health Is Wealth' Panel At Davos. Members of the panel included Dr. Francis Collins, director of the National Institutes of Health; Nestl\u00e9 CEO Paul Bulcke
William McDonough Explains How Sitting In Garbage Cans Can Improve The Earth. See McDonough's interview above, and see more from Davos below
Paul Polman. Polman said the political process has become \incredibly difficult\ and is riddled with \poor agreements.\ Polman said people
Microsoft's Brad Smith Addresses The NSA Scandal. Smith said government needs to take steps to restore trust with citizens, and said President Barack Obama's recent speech
Health Is Wealth Panel Held At Davos. Arianna is moderating a Saturday panel at the 2014 World Economic Forum called \Health Is Wealth.\ Speakers on the panel
Crescent Enterprises CEO Badr Jafar Issues Warning On 'A Time Bomb On The Verge Of Exploding'. Jafar said he's concerned about a lack of corporate governance in the Middle East, saying the problem is \a time bomb on
Otto Scharmer Shares What You Can Do For A Few Hours Each Day To Revolutionize Your Brain. \The fast-paced lifestyle is really... more and more disconnecting us,\ Scharmer said, noting people are looking for a way
Jean-Philippe Courtois Explains What's Helping Small Businesses 'Big Time'. See a video of Courtois' interview above, and see more from Davos below
Tae Yoo Weighs In On The Power Of Women. \When you think about it, girls and women are the largest market in the world,\ Yoo said, asking what business leader or
Long Live the Art of Handwritten Notes (In the Business World). I work in executive search. It's a relationship business. Period. Yet, to reinforce these relationships and truly thank someone for their time, whether a referral or even a search assignment, nothing comes close to a handwritten note.
Want to Know What Verizon and AT&T Really Tell Their Investors?. Hint
Bill Gates On Whether He's The Happiest Man On The Planet. \Now I do it a couple days at a time,\ Gates said. Watch Gates' interview above and see more from Davos below
Goldie Hawn. Hawn, who deleted the tweet and apologized to a number of her Twitter followers, called Jonathan's anti-gay actions \very
Learn About New FHA Rules on Mortgage Limits. \Implementing lower loan limits is an important and appropriate step as private capital returns to portions of the market and enables FHA to concentrate on those borrowers that are still underserved.\
Make Exercising Your Financial Health This Year's Resolution. Start by developing a list of financial resolutions you want to achieve before retirement. Keep them simple and keep them doable. Then narrow that list down to the ones you want to achieve this year. Here are a few simple steps that can pack a lot of punch.
Protecting Homebuyers in the New Year. A home purchase is often the largest financial decision of your life. Protecting yourself requires, above all, a solid understanding of the valuation methods out there so that you can ask the right questions.
Wealth of Forbes 400 Billionaires Equals Wealth of All 41 Million African-Americans. In the aftermath of the 2008 economic meltdown, wealth owned by households of color declined dramatically, as home values collapsed, especially in urban areas. The wealth of the richest 1 percent also dropped, but rebounded quickly in subsequent years.
New Rules Could Change Your Jumbo Mortgage Options. Jumbo loans - high dollar loans typically starting at $417,000 in most areas or as high as $625,501 in higher-cost markets - will see a lot of changes in 2014.
10 Credit Score Truths and Myths. Whether bad credit results from the legitimate credit holder's irresponsibility or from identity theft, your ability to buy a car, rent a nice place, purchase a home or even get employment can be severely stifled.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership. The provisions in the agreement will overrule measures passed by national, state, and local legislative bodies, in effect stripping democratically elected officials of much of their authority. Since most of the text is still secret we can only speculate on what the final agreement will include.
Bigger in Bend - Building a Regional Startup Cluster-part 1 of 3. Lifestyle entrepreneurs who are just building a business to make a profit and support their awesome lifestyle (Bend has a
Women in Business. How is your nursing experience helpful in your position at Marketron? Being a good nurse requires emotional stability, empathy
Why We Need to Recognize America's Frontline Health Care Workers. Despite performing important jobs, frontline workers in health care -- ranging from phlebotomists to medical assistants, certified nursing assistants to housekeeping staff -- typically earn less than $40,000 each year and may not be getting the support they need to advance in their careers.
Martin Luther King's Leadership Lessons. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was a leader who, like Mahatma Gandhi before him, and Nelson Mandela after him, showed us the way from weakness and division to strength in unity.
Meeting Notes and the Hearsay Rule. If one is inclined to make notes of meetings, it is best to do so as a matter of routine on a regular basis. These notes should be stored in more than one secure and tamper-proof location and format.
Penis Pumps -- A Hard One to Swallow. As a forty-one year old man -- who has lost many things in life, including my hair -- I don't view this topic only in jest
McDonald's Meal Holder From Down Under (PHOTOS). It may be that necessity is the mother of invention, but surely that's not what spawned this meal-holder \condo\ idea floated by McDonald's in New Zealand. This makes KFC's new \Go Cup\ look like a shanty.
For The Love Of Money. IN my last year on Wall Street my bonus was $3.6 million \u2014 and I was angry because it wasn\u2019t big enough. I was 30 years old
J is for Judgment. 2. Look and Listen
The Seven Deadly Sins of Social Media Marketing. In summary, companies must remember that authentic engagements, with positive intentions and solid content, will help develop
States With The Best (And Worst) Schools. For years, American students have consistently ranked poorly compared to most developed nations. And according to a recently
The 10 Most Innovative Companies In The World. While many of the top innovators consistently make the list, the shift to mobile devices could mean opportunities for new
5 Ways You Can Start Being Frugal -- Pronto!. The truth is, if you were to continue your same spending habits past today, even with a bigger paycheck, you would soon find yourself in the same economic position, despite the fact that you have more money.
New Job? Tax Deductions for Your Job Search Can Save You Money on Your Taxes. Many job search expenses are tax deductible, and knowing what job hunting deductions you qualify for and having your receipts in front of you when you file your taxes can save you some money when you file your taxes.
Hold Merchants Accountable for Personal Data. The cost of a merchant data breach -- whether it is at a large national merchant or a local merchant -- can be significant for credit unions of all sizes.  Because of credit unions' cooperative structure, the cost of such breaches are ultimately borne by credit union members.
Expect 500-Page Mortgage Applications in 2014. The sheer volume of paperwork in the new applications can be daunting, but don't lose heart. Here's a look at what you can expect in a 500 page mortgage application.
10 Out-of-the-Box Ways to Pad Your Savings Account. Having a healthy savings account is a great way to start building your financial foundation. It's essential to have an \emergency fund\ that you can use when an unexpected bill hits your mailbox or when tragedy strikes.
My Top 5 New Year's Credit Goals. A new year feels like a new beginning, and the tradition of making resolutions solidifies that notion. Adopt these three resolutions to control your financial stress, and make 2014 the year of swollen saving accounts!
3 Legitimate Ways to Improve Your Credit Fast. Consumers often begin checking their credit report and scores a few months before buying a home or refinancing a mortgage. Realizing that a higher score can save them thousands of dollars, they are then left trying to improve their score fast.
Angry Variable Annuity Owners Seek Restitution. If you are considering buying an annuity, it is important to take your time to understand exactly what you are buying and know it will meet your needs.
Security Breach Hits More Prominent U.S. Retailers, Report Says. Target has not disclosed how the attackers managed to breach its network or siphon off some of its most sensitive data. By
Upgrading the Philippine Economy. With much of the developed world hobbling under the burden of massive public debt, The Economist couldn't resist the opportunity to encourage a global, multi-trillion-dollar \new wave of privatizations, this time centered on property.\
Banks Say No To Marijuana Money, Legal Or Not - NYTimes.com. Legal marijuana merchants like Mr. Kunkel \u2014 mainly medical marijuana outlets but also, starting this year, shops that sell
Companies Paying The Least Taxes. The U.S. has the highest corporate tax rate in the developed world. After Japan lowered its tax rate last year, the combined
How to Accept a Compliment (Without Complicating It). Deflecting a compliment is not modest or unpretentious; it's actually a bit rude. After all, someone has taken the time to not only notice you and your efforts, but has gone a step further and actually acknowledged it.
Credit Card Hacks Hit At Least 3 Other Major Retailers. DELAYED DISCLOSURE Most states have laws that require companies to contact customers when certain personal information is
Racing to Win. Last week, as 52 passengers were rescued from a ship stuck in Antarctic ice for 10 days, I was reminded of an earlier expedition to the dangerous, seductive and, at the time, largely unchartered continent of Antarctica
The New Face of Our Economy. Even if we put aside the moral argument for supporting direct care workers, it's in our national interest to better compensate and support these hardworking people who do so much to help the rest of us. The challenges confronting this workforce send shock waves throughout our economy.
Neiman Marcus Customers' Credit Cards May Have Been Hacked. Reeder declined to comment if the breach was related to the Target cyber attack. (Reuters) - Luxury department store chain
The Most Hated Companies In America. Many of the most-hated companies have millions of customers and hundreds of thousands of workers. With this kind of reach
Dollar Stores Are Getting Too Expensive For Many Americans. Homeownership is a bit more democratic. Houses account for a larger chunk of the assets of the US middle-class compared to
Are You Enabling Your Adult Children?. It has been widely reported that the last recession and subsequent sluggish recovery were especially brutal for millenials. The sleeper story is the subsequent impact all that joblessness has had on parents of millenials.
Poll Reveals. Boys, you have some catching up to do!
Will 2014 Be the Year?. However unlikely some developments may be, when nothing has happened yet, it is always possible to have high hopes for the new year. Here are several key questions about what economic developments 2014 will bring.
Time to Manage Your Charitable Portfolio?. There is really very little to be gained by passivity in charitable giving. Make your investments in issues and in organizations that matter to you. You will be far less likely to fall for anything bogus.
Pensions at a Glance -- Compare Your Country. What percentage of GDP is spent on pensions? At what age are people exiting the labor market? What is the poverty rate for those over 65?
Why I'm Not Buying a New Car Anytime Soon. I've come to the conclusion that I don't need all the latest new \stuff\ on a car. Maybe it's maturity or frugality. I much prefer the freedom of not owing money on a car. But that's just one reason.
Common Money Stories That Keep Us From Financial Freedom. By flipping the script from a place of scarcity and hopelessness to one of looking into options, you put the power to control your finances back into your own hands.
Analysis Firms Battling for Pole Position as Impact Investing Goes Big. Which companies -- and which metrics -- will survive is up to investors to decide. Institutional investors all the way down to individuals -- or even you -- can vote with your wallets.
Why I Don't Blog Every Day. I am not a full-time writer.\u00a0If I were blogger-in-chief of Acme Corporation, then I would rightfully be judged on my output
The U.S. Government Uses Sweatshops, Too. While consumers may have been shocked to learn of The Gap or Benetton's latest designs strewn amid the wreckage of \death trap\ factories, they might have missed another bit of debris
The Best-Run Cities In America. In order to determine the performance of the nation\u2019s largest cities, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed the 100 largest U.S. cities
Things That Will Cost More in 2014. It's a new year, and time to begin that 2014 budget and begin those saving resolutions. There are some items that are going to increase this year.
The Secret About Professional Pot Dealers. David Brooks has a much-discussed, mostly maligned column in today\u2019s New York Times bemoaning the legalization of marijuana
Where Will Content Come From in 2014?. 3. Curated Content
The Worst-Run Cities In America. Click here to see the worst-run cities in America
Meet The Reclusive Billionaire Behind The Beanie Baby. Ty Warner, the creator of the Beanie Baby In 1985, Warner launched Ty Inc. out of his condominium in Illinois and in the
2014. It is time to explore new ways of working, and as we do, it is important to consider the foundation of culture and strategy in the organization. For all of these innovative, agile forms of management to be successful, two core elements must be in place.
What Successful People Do On Weekends. Over the course of our lives, we only get a few thousand weekends. The most successful people know better than to squander
The Best Gift to Yourself. Not to be confused with consolidating a loan, when you refinance a loan, new lender effectively pays back your old loan and you get issued a new loan at a potentially lower interest rate, with a lower required monthly payment.
Give the Gift of College Future. Parents and grandparents might need to work together to develop a strategy so that their student will be able to receive the gift of a college education. A 529 plan is just one piece of the puzzle when it comes to paying for college these days.
A VERY Prosperous New Year!. There was plenty of gloomy economic news throughout the year. Yet, despite all those economic issues, the stock market ended the year at record highs, with the Dow up 25 percent and the S&P 500 up nearly 30 percent.
Millennials Meet World. Who Wins?. What happens when a generation said to be far less conspicuous in its consumption confronts human nature?  The personal growth and fulfillment at the top Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs occupies the floor just above esteem -- defined by status, achievement and reputation.
A Skewed Realty Reality, In Northern California. According to Forbes magazine, the highest median home price in the nation is $6,665,231 in Zip Code 94027 in Atherton, just north of the Silicon Valley.
How to Select a Financial Advisor. Selecting a financial advisor is a critical step to managing money, whether it's for retirement, handling an estate or inheritance, planning for large future purchases such as investments, or a combination of factors.
Santa Did Not Come This Year. Well sometimes you are up and sometimes you are down.  Out of work, my client figured that he could call those he had helped who were now in position to help him. Life doesn't work that way.
7 Tips to Get Your New Year's Money Resolution Started Off Right. Many of us spend more time watching TV shows we don't even like than we would need to fix our finances. Just follow these seven easy tips and not only will you be on the road to financial stability, you'll also realize how easy it is to stay on course.
5 Ways to Keep Your Financial Resolutions Beyond the New Year. Remember, money is a tool. It can be used to build or destroy your financial life. YOU determine how it's used. Budget in fun and enjoyment like your bills and savings. They too are important and essential to your quality of life.
10 Tips to Help You Save $2,014 in 2014. You may find it easier to control your budget with cash or a debit card than with a credit card. Credit card interest rates are NOT your friend.\u00a0Carrying only small amounts of cash will help keep you from making unnecessary impulse purchases.
Who Stops Paying Social Security Taxes After Today?. Take a guess; how many Americans earn $50 million or more per year? Answer
Why Your Financial Resolutions Are Doomed to Fail - and How to Save Them. Why do so many of us fail to keep our monetary goals, even when we know determining to save more, or earn a raise, or to stop racking up debt on the credit card are all actions that will enormously benefit our financial lives?
New Year's Resolution. It's that time of year to make a promise to yourself to start doing something good or stop doing something bad on the first day of the year. Here are three simple tips to help keep you financially fit in 2014.
Women in Business. 2. Every single task, job and role in a company is just as important as all the others. Success in one area absolutely flows
Colorado's First Day Of Legal Weed Going Pretty Hilariously (PHOTOS). ONE MORE WEED LINE FOR GOOD MEASURE! LIKE WEED FATHER, LIKE WEED SON! Weed line in Colorado pic.twitter.com/XXRz7J3klN \u2014 CHRIS
The Secret to Finding (and Keeping) Your Niche. Finding your niche is a great feeling. It is a privilege every day to be rewarded for work that combines your unique skills
French President's Newest Idea. Pollsters say Hollande's government runs the risk of a massive protest vote against it in European Parliament elections due
My ONLY Resolution for the New Year. If you had to choose one and ONLY one resolution that would change the trajectory of your life, what would that be?
7 New Year's Resolutions for Brands. Like cats, brands clearly think of themselves as people. So it seemed only natural that at this time of the year, brands should look backwards at their failings, and forward to the clean slate of 2014, and set themselves some New Year's resolutions.
Influence of Risk-Attitude on Design Driven Innovation. Leading organizations understand the value of human capital and increasingly social/human and environmental aspects are included
This Is What San Francisco Could Look Like In 2033. 6. The Fisherman\u2019s Wharf Public Realm Plan The Fisherman\u2019s Wharf Public Realm Plan reimagines the popular tourist destination
3 Real-life Money Miracles. Most of us have experienced a cash crunch at one time or another, and thought, \I need a miracle.\ For these three people, a money miracle is exactly what they got.
Redefining Growth in 2014. For many Americans the past few years have been a rough ride and any improvement is welcome. However, we would be fooling ourselves if we believed we were on a path toward a healthy economy or that the recession was solely to blame.
Clarifying Your Goals in the New Year. Sometimes the goal we think we want to reach is not really the one that best serves us or accomplishes what we want for ourselves. To make sure we are working towards the right goal, we need to clarify what it is we really want.
A Rabbinic Riff on Capitalism (Sparked By the Magnificent Philanthropy of J.K. Rowling\ufeff). JK Rowling has given away about 160 million dollars. That's a lot of good being done by one very good, talented and successful
Here's Why We Need Personal Finance \Gurus\. Will you get rich making coffee at home? Heck no, but close to 40 percent of the population doesn't even have a damn savings account.
10 Clues That an Entrepreneur Is in Over His Head. If an entrepreneur doesn't find themselves in over their head at least 20 percent of the time, they are probably not pushing the limits, not taking enough risk, and probably not working on an idea that's worth doing. The challenge in to know when and how to ask for help, and not let bravado and ego mask anxieties.
Re-Imagining the Retail Experience. At Audi City, Interested car buyers will go to a private room where they will work with an Audi salesperson to construct their dream car in detail.
States About To Lose The Most Unemployment Insurance. Last week, after years of partisan fighting, Congress approved a two-year budget deal. Not included in the measure were any
Should You Save for Retirement or for Your Kids' College?. While student debt can place an enormous burden on graduates entering the workplace, so can having parents without ample resources in their retirement years.
The Scholars Who Shill for Wall Street. Professor Todd Zywicki is vying to be the toughest critic of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the new agency set
From Father to Son, Mentorship and Entrepreneurship. I recently had the chance to talk to Nolan Bushnell about his career, as well as his relationship with his son and fellow entrepreneur Brent. Brent Bushnell runs a company called Two Bit Circus, a purveyor of novel out-of-home entertainment.
A New Golden Age of Content. We have become individual broadcasters and marketeers, amplifying the voices of creators whose stories we deem worthy to be seen and heard (even those, like Mr. Burgundy's, that are blatant promotions!). Think about that.
7 Ideas to Help You Keep Your New Year Resolutions. Luck is as random as it can get but hard work will surely help to increase the odds of you getting lucky. As we both know
Academics Who Defend Wall St. Reap Reward. Signs of the energy business are inescapable in and around Houston \u2014 the pipelines, refineries and tankers that crowd the
Wells Fargo Ordered To Buy Back Securities Worth $94 Million. The San Francisco-based bank's brokerage unit was ordered to pay at par value to investors including James Cohen and a family
The Worst Product Flops of 2013. These are the worst product flops of 2013, according to 24/7 Wall St.
8 Workplace Resolutions for Women. Despite great strides made in 2013, there are a few things on the wish list for 2014
Why Is NCO Financial Collecting on My Private Student Loan in Bankruptcy?. So here is the really odd part of your statement. Since no more payments would be able to be solicited for the accounts listed
Can I Consolidate My Parent PLUS Student Loans to Lower the Payment?. Huffington Post Reader Question I just published this new article which gives new details on how to lower your Parent PLUS
Will Borrowers Now Be Protected Against Unjustified Price Increases?. The applicant who sent the email wanted an answer to one simple question
Investment Lessons From Forrest Gump. Life is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get. Investing is the same way.
5 Ways to Save Cash During the 5 Days Before the Ball Drops. The day after Christmas means a lot of different things to a lot of different people - obligatory gift returns, post-Christmas sales, pouring the last of the eggnog in your coffee, an end to holiday music in public spaces and on public airwaves.
2014 New Year's Challenge. In a high volume business, you may be able to get by with historical percentages for win rate, but in many businesses, a few opportunities could make or break the year. How real are they? My 2014 challenge to you is to stop guessing.
How Left and Right Can Unite to Fight Unemployment. While progressives have sought more Fed transparency , the left's preference has been to boost employment through Fed-fueled consumer demand. This could change.
Cab Driver Returns $300,000 Left Behind In Back Seat. Using hotel records, the cab company tracked down the passenger, who arrived at the company's office in sweats and a T-shirt
Getting Your Presents On Christmas Involves Some Ridiculous Logistics. It's Christmas shopping crunch time, and you procrastinating present buyers aren't the only ones feeling it. Read more on
UPS Fails To Deliver Some Packages By Christmas. Internet Explodes.. My package has been out for delivery since Friday. UPS delay is major holiday Fail. \u2014 John Peterson (@JackPeterson) December
McDonald's Takes Down Employee Help Site After Controversy. McDonald's also received negative media coverage after it advised employees to get out of holiday debt by returning unopened
What To Expect If You're Seeing The Wolf Of Wall St. Today. Early on in Martin Scorsese\u2019s The Wolf of Wall Street, a woman\u2019s bare bottom fills the screen. Read more on Businessweek
Flipping the Bird. This post is about altering perspectives on what has been ingrained in our minds by our culture and our society. It's about taking the idea that things \are what they are\ and throwing it out the window, because that certainly isn't always true.
Top 4 Gift Card Scams of 2013. As you hit the stores this season, I want you to be vigilant on these scams, because the crooks that commit them will take advantage of you when it is the busiest and you're focused in a different direction.
Obamacare Deadline Is A Moving Target At This Point. By Susan Cornwell The Affordable Care Act requires most Americans to be enrolled in coverage by March 31 or face penalties
Target Hackers Stole PINs. On Monday, Santander - a unit of Spain's Banco Santander - followed suit, lowering the daily limits on cash withdrawals and
Five Resolutions for Out-of-Home to Kickstart the Year. Integrate personalization. Let's be honest, we all like to see our name in lights. We also like to confess our secrets, though
Do Your Homework Before Buying a Timeshare. I understand the appeal of having a guaranteed vacation home in an area you love and the flexibility many timeshares offer of being able to swap your unit. But I worry that many buyers don't consider all associated costs and mistakenly think timeshares are sound financial investments that will appreciate in value.
Inequality. Congress and the president have decided to craft budgets that lead to tens of millions of people being unemployed or underemployed. High levels of unemployment put downward pressure on workers' wages, especially those in the bottom third of the labor force. This means we have a federal budget that limits growth and employment in a way that redistributes income upwards. So, inequality didn't just happen; it was the result of government policy. That is why people who actually want to see inequality reduced, and for poor and middle class to share in the benefits from growth, are not likely to be very happy about President Obama's speech on the topic. His comment about the government being a bystander ignores the real source of the problem. Therefore it is not likely that he will come up with much by way of real solutions.
My Festivus Grievances About Online Comments and Self-Promotion. Studies show that the more you toot your own horn, the more negatively you're evaluated
Does Being Rich Make You Happy?. There's an oft-cited study out there that says money does buy you happiness\u2014but only up until a certain point. It says that
Beware of Investment 'Pros'. This is the time of year when the \pros\ come out in droves, full of themselves, and offer the rest of us their predictions for the coming year. It is counterintuitive to appreciate the fact that they are emperors with no clothes, pretending to have an expertise that doesn't exist.
Embracing Failure and Working at the Edges. Embracing failure, working at the edges -- these are strategies that would not work in other aspects of organizational culture. But in innovation, they are crucial. When we innovate, we don't do the same things we do in our everyday routines.
The 5 Biggest Health Insurance Mistakes You Can Make. The Affordable Care Act is causing a lot of confusion amongst consumers. If you're uninsured or are otherwise considering enrollment in the new marketplace, here are some common mistakes to avoid in navigating the tricky road to coverage.
Wrapping Up 2013 And Preparing for Income Tax Time. The IRS announced this week that they will start processing tax returns on Friday, January 31, 2014. So what can you do in these final few days of the year to help lower your taxes for 2013?
The Holiday Collection. The key is to be authentic. Do not lie. I have heard too many stories of people saying they had to go call the babysitter only to be caught minutes later by the conversation dumpee yukking it up on the other side of the room.
The Most Dangerous Holidays In America. AAA estimates that during this Christmas and New Year\u2019s season, nearly 95 million Americans will hit the road, traveling
The Federal Reserve. Contrary to popular opinion, the Federal Reserve's approach to fiscal policy over the last year, specifically its third (or fourth by some accounts) round of quantitative easing nd its comments regarding unwinding the $85 billion in monthly fixed income purchases, has not been misleading or even confusing.
Fights Over New Air Jordans Will Make You Think Twice About Why We Buy. The Air Jordan 11 Retro Gamma Blue, the latest model in the iconic line of basketball shoes, was launched Saturday. Eager
Why You Should Take a Financial 'Selfie'. Between checking in as you change locations, updating your relationship status, tweeting your passing thoughts and of course posting selfies, it seems no activity is too trivial to escape reporting. So how about putting this trend toward self-reporting to good use?
America's Least Healthy States. Money also clearly plays a role in determining health. The healthiest states are often among the nation\u2019s wealthiest, and
JPMorgan Puts Limit On Debit Cards Used At Target. Representatives for other major banks, including Bank of America Corp and Citigroup Inc, told Reuters on Saturday that their
The 13 Most Important Charts Of 2013. As we say goodbye to 2013, the economy is still failing ordinary workers. However, there is hope for 2014. The policies that
Before The Ball Drops. As you're wrapping up your finances for 2013, you may want to think about making a few moves that could mean more money for retirement, a smaller tax bill and perhaps some new eyeglasses.
Eight End-of-Year Tax Saving Moves You Still Have Time to Make. With the end of 2013 quickly approaching, make sure you take some time to get yourself and your taxes squared away. Not only can you lower your tax obligations, but you may also be able to get a bigger tax refund.
Back On Her Feet. Getting back on your feet financially can seem like a daunting task. However, when you look at the alternatives if you don't, therein lies the motivation to get started on a plan taking you back to the road called financial independence.
Three Reasons to Check Your Credit-Debit Card Statements. Credit cards are really good tools to help build your credit history but you need to review your cards regularly to ensure that you are being charged what you should be charged for.
How to Rent an Apartment With Bad Credit. When going to look at an apartment, bring copies of pay stubs, copies of prior years' tax returns and any proof of additional income. It will not only provide proof of income, but also of being an organized person who is serious about taking care of business.
Low on Dough This Holiday Season?. Black Friday and Cyber Monday are stark reminders that Christmas has become the most wonderful time of the year... for retail. When the main focus of the holiday is on, 'What did you get?' we miss out on the true spirit of the holiday season.
Euro Heretics. The euro has happened.  But is it a bad idea?  Will it last?  Despite the reality of the full-blown depressions in Southern Europe and pauperization of the middle and working classes there, European economists have not changed their tune.
Who Will Overspend This Holiday Season?. The temptation to overspend is extremely strong when people do their holiday shopping. The truth is that some shoppers have more self-control than others. It's easy to come up with all kinds of anecdotes to illustrate this point, but only research can paint an accurate picture of what is going on.
10 Tips to Make Your Kids Good Gift Givers. With tweens spending a reported $43 billion of their own money this year -- averaging an insane $2,000 per kid -- we need to teach our kids how to fend off aggressive marketing tactics and remind them that it is the thought, after all, that counts.
9 Beers Americans No Longer Drink. Beer is not selling the way it used to. U.S. sales of the beverage declined in four of the past five years. Between 2007
Greeter Puts Out Car Fire In Meijer Parking Lot, Gets Fired. \When you have somebody that's in need,\ Bowers asked the station, explaining his actions, \don't you help them?\ Then, reflecting
Why You Should Make One Financial Resolution in the New Year. The bottom line is, if you have a financial goal, you need to make a New Year's resolution. Your wallet and your future self will thank you.
How to Tell Your Boss He's Wrong. Whether you have an inkling or a pounding sensation that the boss is wrong, here are six strategies to help you win your boss' respect without losing your job
U.S. Mega Millions Jackpot Soars To $550 Million. Sam Tomanelli, a 57-year-old chef at Barnard College, buying a ticket at a grocery store on Manhattan's Upper West Side, said
Five Hard Truths about Content Marketing for 2014. I'll debunk some of the myths of content marketing in order to help clarify what it is, how to execute it properly, and how to measure its effectiveness.
8 Truly Outrageous CEO Perks. In addition to huge paychecks, the nation\u2019s biggest corporate heads are also often receiving special treatment and perks
What the DOMA Ruling Means for Same-Sex Couples 2013 and Amended Taxes. As a part of this ruling, couples have the option to go back and amend their last three years tax returns, if they would have received larger tax refunds by filing a joint tax return.
How to Lower Your Property Taxes, and When Not to Try It. As property values across the nation are on the rise, property taxes on a primary residence are unlikely to go down without a bit of effort and knowing where to look for savings.
Who's Watching Your Holiday Spending?. The worst penalty isn't a lump of coal in your stocking. It's a lowering of your credit score -- something that impacts your future cost of credit, and even the cost of homeowners and auto insurance.
Financial Advisors Reveal How They Manage Your Money. Hiring a financial advisor means taking a giant leap of faith
No Tax Break if Client Stiffs You. Why should freelancers forget about any kind of relief when they fill out their tax forms?
529 Plans. Americans are getting serious about saving for college. A record total of over $205 billion has been invested in 529 higher education savings plans as of June 2013, according to the non-profit College Savings Plan Network.
Why Child Care Costs Are the Best Investment. The cost of child care may be a large percentage of your salary now, but your salary today is a fraction of what it can be in the future if you stay in the workforce, and nurture your career, along with your children.
Tips to Persevere When Working on Your Credit. Healthy credit is such a reward... but sometimes you have to get through the details (and sometimes even a hard phone call or two) to get that reward.
Five Tips for Using HealthCare.gov's New Plan Comparison Tool. Beyond allowing many more people to sign up for plans, a key upgrade is the new plan comparison tool.
How the Tax Rules Work When You Refinance Your Home Mortgage. Recent drops in interest rates have prompted millions of households to refinance their mortgages. Borrowers who refinance need to familiarize themselves with tricky tax rules on what is or isn't deductible for interest payments. Here are some reminders on how the rules work.
8 Ways to Prevent Unnecessary Spending. If you're trying to save money, but can't seem to stop yourself from spending on indulgences, here are a few tips to help fake self-discipline. Baby steps!
Your Landlord Probably Hates You... Here's Why. I've been a landlord for seven years and have had dozens of tenants that I simply can't stand. They irritate me, cost me a lot of money, and make my life a stressful nightmare. Now, I know you think that you aren't one of \those\ tenant, but how sure are you?
2014 Tax Season Starting Very Soon. About 110 million taxpayers got a tax refund last year -- that is about three out of four filers or 75 percent of all taxpayers.  A tax refund is a refund of your money -- getting it sooner is always better than getting it later.
3 Tips to Avoid Overspending This Holiday Season. Come the holiday season, there's a mad rush to buy gifts for loved ones. Many consumers dive in head first in pursuit of the best deals for a PlayStation 4, Xbox One or iPad -- at the expense of a balanced budget.
Toys in the Attic. Hand-wringing business reporters say that because the stores were worried about a soft season, they ordered 2 percent fewer toys this year, which is probably a lot of toys. It's one of those Christmas danger stories
The Best Christmas Budget Ever. 3. Total the points
Paying It Forward Is Sustainable Economic Growth. The Fed has said it wouldn't begin to boost interest rates until sustainable economic growth was achieved. However, no one
8 Countries Where People Suffer The Most. During the global financial crisis, suffering increased globally. According to a survey recently published by Gallup, 14
A Holiday Wish List for the Economy. It's hard to say whether the economy has been naughty or nice this year. Employment growth has been up and down all year, raising hopes and then dashing them in a continuous cycle. Even so, suppose you indulged the economy by letting it make a holiday wish list.
6 Biggest Money Mistakes of College Grads (And How to Avoid Them). Graduating from college and entering the real world can easily put you in a state of anxiety. You may have the world at your feet, but that world involves dealing with money -- something many of us were never really taught to do properly.
The 20 Golden Rules of Business Blogging. Writing great blogs for your business is one of the most valuable marketing techniques you will find, yet it is often forgotten.
Starting A Business Overseas. Expanding your business overseas is likely easier than you think, provided you think about the most important things when starting out.
JPMorgan Emails Show China Hires Were Made To Win Deals. The documents show that a JPMorgan program designed to prevent questionable hiring practices was ultimately viewed inside
What Twitter Founder, Jack Dorsey, Teaches Us About Marketing. Twitter has become an integral part of our lives, and the mindset that led to its creation is just as critical to those looking to market their organizations.
8 States With The Highest Minimum Wages. (Click here to read the eight states with the highest minimum wages) 24/7 Wall St.
Uh Oh, SpaghettiOs' Pearl Harbor Tweet Sparks Backlash, Company Apologizes. LOOK
Smart Cities -- Smart People -- Smart Planet. I've been fascinated by IBM for decades. They are one of the few companies who have been able to figure out how to reinvent themselves radically, from a product-centric company to a services-centric company.
Perform an Easy Check to Ensure Your Broker Is Not Among 70,000 With a Blemished Record. It isn't worth risking your hard earned savings.
Why Employees Hate Money. Money is a year-round problem -- not just a holiday concern. And the simple domino effect is that money problems cause stress. And we have solid research showing that employees falter with more stress, and work better with less.
Investing for Beginners. You own part of the company (aka a share in the company). The price of that share can fluctuate given what people think the company is worth (or will be worth) and what they are willing to pay for a share.
Don't Lose Your FSA Dollars. You, and many American taxpayers, may be in danger of leaving some of your hard-earned money on the table and otherwise losing some tax benefits you otherwise deserve and can get quite easily.
'Tis the Season... to Start Saving. Whatever causes you stress this holiday season -- whether it is juggling family and social obligations, finding the right gift for everyone or planning travel -- a sure way to enjoy the holidays more next year is to establish a savings plan for managing spending in 2014, which will be here before you know it.
Turn Charitable Giving Into Tax Savings This Holiday Season. During the holidays, an estimated 75 percent of Americans plan to donate to charity but what many don't realize is that they can turn their generosity into tax savings by claiming a variety of donations on their tax returns.
Holiday Money Gifts for Children. As you shop for your children or grandchildren this holiday season, don't forget to include some gifts that teach lessons about money and set them on a path to financial learning.
The 'Corporate Creative' -- Five Essentials for an Imaginative Business Mind. Creative people all share five key cognitive processes that are consistent across culture, hierarchy and situational circumstance. Let's take a look at the primary aspects of this critical bent of mind.
Content Creation. If the word content is aligned with clutter, and we also can probably assume it's overused (more on that later); maybe it's time for a re-brand.
The Plural of German is \Germen\. The Germen are perfectly able to disseminate their euphoria and enthusiasm on top of their rigor and discipline. A New Europe shall then be born. Perhaps the \Pigs\ can contribute with their creativity and improvisation which the Germen lack.
10 Countries Where Salaries Are Soaring. Next year, U.S. wages will increase by about 1.5% after adjusting for inflation, according to ECA International estimates
Robert Shiller, Nobel-Winning Economist, Warns Of U.S. Stock Market Bubble. BERLIN, Dec 1 (Reuters) - An American who won this year's Nobel Prize for economics believes sharp rises in equity and property
8 Ways Outsourcing Can Help Hospitals and Patients. The results of outsourcing include decreased patient frustration, a financially solid bottom line, predictable cash flow and increased net revenue without sacrificing precious time, money, and resources. That's a concept that hospitals and patients can certainly benefit from.
Back to the Roots. Nikhil Arora and Alejandro Velez of Back to the Roots have done just that -- twice. They perfected the art of mini mushroom farming, and then applied their technique to aquaponics.
What to Focus on. You can also reverse engineer this formula. What are your unique AND joy-generating skills? How can you use them to befriend
Genetic Testing Should Adhere to Medical, Not Business, Ethics. Public health and patient protection should come before company profit. And this week the FDA has taken a welcome stand to protect public health by insisting that what is clearly a medical service be regulated as such.
Are You Burning Out Your Employees?. Allowing employees to use their time off may result in happy, more productive employees who put forth more discretionary effort. And a final word on one of my personal pet peeves
5 Easy Tips for Being a Successful Landlord. It's someone who actually looks forward to the beginning of the month when the rent checks start coming in. It's someone who runs a tight ship with systems that can handle the big waves that are bound to come.
U.S. Healthcare Website Down Overnight For Upgrade. HARD TO ASSESS THE FIX \There won't be anything you can tell from the outside,\ said Jonathan Wu, an IT expert and co-founder
Women in Business. Dina Dwyer-Owens, CEO of The Dwyer Group, former Chairwoman of the International Franchise Association and author of Live
Credit Relationships Are Contractual, Not Confidential. When borrowing money, carefully understand the contract. Ignore oral statements and set aside ideas of \fairness.\ Rights and duties are controlled by contractual language.
People Beat Each Other Up Over Towels At Walmart On Black Friday. Walmart advertised low prices on TVs, laptops and kitchenware, but the store's best-selling item was ... towels. Ppl at Walmart
Can I Really Consolidate All My Student Loans Into a Federal Program?. As far as the timing of all of this it will really depend on how quickly you get moving with this and what the Federal Direct
10 Classic American Brands That Are Foreign-Owned. These are ten great American brands that are foreign-owned, according to 24/7 Wall St.
Black Friday Meditation. As a suggestion from my therapist, I rise early to sit with legs crossed and eyes closed to breathe in \Let\ and breathe out \Go\ and my mind races like the #BlackFriday shoppers -- dashing, jabbing, prancing on top of the faces of neighbors like reindeer to get a cheaper television.
The Hunger Games at Walmart. Who waits in line over night to go shopping? Who gives up their Thanksgiving just to save 10 dollars on a toaster, or even a hundred on a tablet? Poor people, that's who. Those of us who say we wouldn't dream of entering a Walmart on Black Whateverday? We can afford to say things like that.
The Shoestring Guide to Brand Publishing. By Contently By creating a stream of content that stands out from the crowd, you can put your brand on the map, brand key
This Photo Proves Black Friday Isn't Worth The Trouble. No words. This photo was taken at the Herald Square Macy's in New York City.
The Scene Inside The Macy's Flagship On Thanksgiving Was Completely Insane. Michael Kors and Coach, right up front, fill up in a flash and the crowd begins to spread to every corner of the sales floor
The United States Of America, In 3 Tweets. Thankful for shopping \u2014 Kenzie Lind (@thekenzielind) November 28, 2013 Also for hot tamales \u2014 Kenzie Lind (@thekenzielind
Walmart's Black Friday Going About As Badly As You'd Expect. Seen the first fight of the night \ud83d\ude02 only at Walmart \u2014 Sammantha (@Samm_Nani) November 29, 2013 Lol there was a fight at
Walmart Wage Protest Leads To Arrest Of Man Dressed Like Santa. \u201cI'm going to get arrested for civil disobedience,\u201d Hilgert told San Bernardino Sun.The retailer company also claims OUR
Best Black Friday TV Deals. All product and deal information such as discount, price and availability are believed to be accurate as of the time of publication
Black Friday May Not Be Shopping Boon Retailers Are Hoping For. (Corrects spelling of town's name to Haverford in 16th paragraph) By Suzanne Barlyn, Phil Wahba, Marina Lopes and Dhanya
Black Friday Marred By Violence In Several States. \From coast to coast, we had the safest start to Black Friday ever. With millions of customers shopping our stores, we expect
Buying Guns Has Become A New Post-Thanksgiving Tradition In America. Walmart, the nation's largest gun-seller, is featuring a Black Friday \Manager's Specials Sale\ that promises 20 percent
Women in Business. As 'Lawyer of the Year' for franchise law, what do you hope to achieve from this platform in terms of your hopes for the
Too Busy to Say Thank You. If you are one of those \very busy\ people, you also know that some of it is your own making. Think about it -- You get busy
Are we Turkeys for Working on Thanksgiving?. Today we aren't working. I plan to relax after I make the stuffing, mash potatoes, sweet potatoes, cranberry sauce, pumpkin pie, get the turkey in the oven, and clean the house. Maybe I should have worked today.
Pizza Hut Offers Tony Rohr His Job Back After Thanksgiving Battle. The decision to dismiss the general manager, Tony Rohr, from his job at the company\u2019s location in Elkhart, Ind., quickly
Holiday Shopping Season Begins On Thanksgiving. Nov 28 (Reuters) - Some early U.S. shoppers headed to stores on Thanksgiving Day in search of discounted holiday gifts on
Spending and Borrowing on Black Friday and Cyber Monday. Holiday shoppers are about to experience Black Friday and Cyber Monday. Shoppers who avoid these two days can actually learn some useful lessons about spending and borrowing behavior from those out buying.
Retail Workers Ask Themselves What Thanksgiving With Family Is Worth. There have been people who've had to work on Thanksgiving for as long as it's been a holiday. A lot of them perform essential
5 Ways to Save Money on Car Insurance. Saving money on car insurance isn't as hard as it might seem if you keep these tips in mind.
Old Is the New When It Comes to Recycling. Eventually, I had my own epiphany
Proposal To Cap Executive Pay Rejected By Swiss Voters. \Of course we are disappointed. But I also believe that we have an achievement nonetheless,\ JUSO President David Roth told
The Worst-Run States In America. The worst-run states also tended to have weak fiscal management reflected in higher budget shortfalls and lower credit ratings
A Mindful Season. The treasures that are right here, right now -- a measure of health, a family, a pet, a friend, a warm meal, a strong faith, the sounds of a beautiful piece of music, or the warm glow of a candle. The list is endless.
Hertz Employees On Maui Accused Of Racist Bullying On Facebook. The name-calling described Howard as a pretentious black man who rented high-end vehicles, such as BMWs, despite chides on
Nonprofit That Flipped Homes To Investors Faces Scrutiny. The NCST declined to provide a list of the participating nonprofits. Some participants that Reuters independently identified
Obamacare Agency Rushed To Hire Contractor, Documents Reveal. The construction \is a bigger problem than people realize,\ said Robert Booz, a vice-president and healthcare specialist
The Responsiveness Advantage for Salespeople. Last but not the least, responsiveness without relevance or has no meaning for buyers. They don't need salespeople who don't
Walmart, Sears Among Retailers Refusing To Compensate Bangladesh Factory Victims. One year after the Tazreen factory fire in Bangladesh, many retailers that sold garments produced there or inside the Rana
What Not To Buy On Black Friday. Americans are likely to trim their budgets this holiday season. According to Gallup, consumers estimate they will spend just
Chairman Ben Bernanke and Vice Chair Janet Yellen Have Supported an Economic Time Bomb. It is long past time for Vice Chair Janet Yellen, the nominee for Federal Reserve chair, and Chairman Ben Bernanke to describe the Federal Reserve stimulus hoax and the time bomb the Fed created.
San Rafael Smoking Ban, Strictest In The Nation, Goes Into Effect. \This legislation will improve the health of all Californians by reducing exposure to smoke that drifts into housing units
The Top 10 Mistakes 20-Somethings Make Regarding Real Estate. At this point in life, many 20-somethings are more interested in when the next game of Call of Duty will start than the best way to start building their financial future. However, there are those of us who want  more out of life, and understand the immense power of time that we have in building wealth.
How to Stretch Your Thanksgiving Dollar. Want some good Thanksgiving news? Here's how much the AFBF predicts you'll spend on each dish and how you can save a little bit extra.
How to Avoid Holiday Charity Scams. Before you make your contributions, take a minute to make sure you are not being scammed and your donations are tax deductible.  Unfortunately, there are many unscrupulous people using major disasters and the holidays to impersonate charities.
Grandparents' 529 College Distributions Can Be a Ticking Time Bomb. Are you a grandparent thinking of helping out a grandchild fund their college expenses? Be aware of 529 plan structures to ensure that your gift doesn't turn into a bomb that destroys your grandchild's financial aid.
4 Ways to Avoid Charity and Disaster Relief Scams. It is virtually impossible to see the devastation after Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines or last weekend's tornadoes in the Midwest and not feel a tug on your heartstrings. But charity scam artists use that near-universal empathy to steal from survivors of these terrible events the help that they need.
The Quickest Way to Give Yourself a Raise. When you pay off your debt accounts and regain control of your finances, it's like plugging the holes in your bucket and being able to use the money as you see fit. No more siphoning away your hard-earned money.
Taking a Stand for Paternity Leave Equity. It is reasonable that new mothers get a somewhat more generous parental leave policy than new dads. However, it is difficult to make a fair, rational case for a 500 percent difference in the length of maternity and paternity leaves.
8 Big Retailers Open On Thanksgiving. Holiday shoppers are expected to spend about 3.9% more this year than they did last year, according to a National Retail
Caught In A Revolving Door Of Unemployment. On a cold October morning, just after the federal government shutdown came to an end, Jenner Barrington-Ward headed into
Palin's National Debt Mischaracterization vs. American Indebtedness. There's no way to attain the American dream anymore for young and old alike unless the overall debt problem in America, not just the national debt, is brought under control.  In economic terms, this debt is truly enslaving our children.
Habits Must Change. Yet, despite a staggering rise in reputational crises globally over the last decade, corporate risk-management capabilities remain essentially unchanged (which, in itself, contributes to the escalated risk).
3 Tips For Your Startup To Gain Traction. An idea can be disruptive, which is why the great Steve Jobs sold vaporware. At the inception of your company - even if you are in stealth mode - you should always be selling, or your startup may become moribund.
Timothy Geithner To Join Private Equity Firm Warburg Pincus. Nov 16 (Reuters) - Former U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner is joining private-equity firm Warburg Pincus, the Wall
The 10 Companies Paying Americans The Least. Companies that pay employees poorly fall into one of three industries
Innovate or Evaporate. Making space for idea generation while you are cutting back or redesigning how work gets done is the most powerful ingredient for innovation to flourish.
When Ads Tell Compelling Stories.... What compelling story can you create for your business? 3. Reunion When an Ad tells a compelling story and touches the hearts
12 Ways to Drive More Readers to Your Content. So, you've built a blog, invested a grand amount of time (and money) in creating some of the best content in your niche -- these are, naturally, the best pieces you've ever written -- yet your analytics tools tell you yesterday your post received less than 100 unique visits.
How to Create a Winning Experiential Marketing Campaign. Now is the time when most businesses are developing their consumer outreach plans for the 2014. An increasingly popular and effective way for companies to connect with their target audiences is through experiential marketing.
Butterball's Turkey Shortage Might Ruin Your Thanksgiving. The company told retailers that their orders for fresh turkeys 16 pounds (7.3 kg) and bigger have been cut by 50%, according
Questions Surrounding Unnovation vs. Innovation. As I thought about all the questions that came to mind regarding unnovation vs. innovation, I began to instantly think about how abstract and unorganized my thoughts were.
REposition, REstrategize, REinvent. It is certainly a FACT that the world is changing. Every day, new developments in technology and society rewrite the guidelines for how we interact with our families, our colleagues, and our customers.
Prepaid Debit Cards. Just because Russell Simmons, Magic Johnson, Justin Bieber and a host of other celebrities are endorsing prepaid debit cards, it doesn't mean they are right -- or wrong -- for you. Here's how to work through the decision.
10 Big Leadership Weaknesses. President Obama's recent festival of apologies over the bumpy start to healthcare.gov underlines why it's important to know and manage the more typical reasons leaders fall down.
Nonprofit Fraud Robs Charities of Substantial Dollars. Some directors argue boards can do little to prevent fraud. I argue that every director should know enough about finances to raise issues about questionable activities.
US Airways Kicks Blind Man Off Plane and Employs the 'Ostrich Strategy' to Public's Outrage. I hope I'm asking this question on behalf of the majority of my peers, but which school of thought produced the Ostrich strategy in regards to responding to customer service, and ultimately, public relations issues?
The Secret Word to Avoid Spoiling Your Kids. I suggest that the simplest way to eliminate spoiling is through the use of one word
5 Ways You Can Digitally Find and Buy Gifts. Emerging online shopping platforms do more than just make shopping attractive to the casual consumer; they give you the tools to get what you actually want, rather than what the online retailer wants you to buy.
Obama Care and Me. Why am I writing all this? Everyone has an Obama Care story and this is mine. I hope our legislature will soon grasp that the ranks of the self-employed are responsible, valuable members of society and should not be swept under the rug.
Avoid Tax Pitfalls When Donating Your Credit Card Rewards Points or Miles. The holiday season is a time to give back to those who are less fortunate and if you are considering making a donation from your credit cards rewards, be aware of the tax implications involved with this type of donation.
15 Things to Know, to Do and to Watch for as 2013 Comes to a Close. Thanksgiving is nearing, and December is right around the corner. I've said it before--it's never too early to start thinking about your tax situation. Taxes are always complicated, seemingly ever changing, and so is your life.
Do Your Interests Come Before Your Advisor's? What You Need to Know. The phrase that you need to know is 'fiduciary standard.' The fiduciary standard is a code of conduct for the approximately 10,500 registered investment advisors who are regulated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange.
Reducing the Stress of Pre-Retirement. Retirement is becoming real for pre-retirees, and many are concerned about whether they are really \retirement ready\.  No matter the source - holidays, retirement, work or family - stress can take a heavy toll on your health, mental state and wallet.
3 Things I Wish I Would Have Known Before I Took on School Debt. If I had it to do over again, I would have given myself some context for how much money $20,000 or $30,000 really was. I would have spent some time thinking through each of my options, to weigh whether this was a worthy investment or not.
Baby Boomers Beware. Many people step up to act as their parents' (or other loved ones') financial guardians without thinking through the ramifications -- in particular, the serious commitment of time and effort required to manage the finances of a second household.
Sriracha Founder. David Tran, CEO of Sriracha-maker Huy Fong Foods, said his company could have lost up to $10 million and faced bankruptcy
We Still Are Our Jobs, But No Longer By Choice. There's a valid argument to be made that we never should have been our jobs in the first place, and that we should define ourselves by our relationships, hobbies, and outside interests instead. Why should what we do to survive define who we are? We should work to live, not live to work.
Cities With The Widest Wealth Gaps. It might be expected that a metropolitan area with high income would have very large populations of both extremely wealthy
Early Obamacare Data To Signal How Many Americans Are Still Waiting To Enroll. A small sign-up number, particularly one dominated by Medicaid enrollment, would be seized upon by Republican critics as
Is Your Zip Code A 'Super Zip'?. This map highlights in yellow the nation's Super Zips \u2014 those ranking highest on income and college education. Read more
Changing Thymes. The new CFO, Allison Garside, is amazing. She brought the essence of what we talked about earlier - finance vs. accounting
Trans Fats Ban Could Have Devastating Effect On Popcorn Industry. Diamond Foods Inc - owner of Pop Secret - and American Pop Corn Company - owner of Jolly Time - still use the suspect fat
Should Work Relationships Ever Be Friendships or More?. More vulnerable emotionally. Through friendship you open yourself up to acceptance, being liked, admired, respected, trusted
Jobs Where Women Are Getting Paid The Least Compared To Men. The gender wage gap has narrowed over the years. In 1979, women made an estimated 62% of what men earned. In 2012, the wage
Bank Of America Facing $864 Million Fine After Mortgage Fraud Verdict. NEW YORK, Nov 9 (Reuters) - The U.S. government urged that Bank of America Corp pay $863.6 million in damages after a federal
Why China Has A Love/Hate Relationship With Social Media. Huffington Post's Peter Goodman discusses how China's leaders view social media with Jon Erlichman on Bloomberg Television's
Maverick Financial Advisor is Warning Businesses About the Dangers of 401(k) Plans. His mission is to not only to expose the true nature of how the industry operates, but also to share the message of capitalism and the truth about central economic planning which he believes is the root cause of so many people's retirement planning challenges.
Maverick Financial Advisor is Warning Businesses About the Dangers of 401(k) Plans. Unfortunately, the Department of Labor's version of transparency is to create a mountain of additional paperwork that nobody understands but the bureaucrats responsible for creating it.
A Promising Approach to Asset Building. There is a looming crisis that threatens to confine a generation of young Americans to a life of limited opportunity and low prospects. Consider this statistic
Thinking of Buying or Selling Real Estate?  A Quick Method to Estimate Value. Whether you are considering purchasing or selling commercial property, quantitative research will help you to negotiate the best deal possible.
How to Save More Money on School Expenses. School expenses don't just happen once a year. Even if you checked off every item on your kid's back-to-school shopping list, don't put away your wallet just yet.
Veterans Day. There is no more noble a contribution to society than participation in the service of the defense, perpetuation and safety of this country. The tax benefits that are in the law are yours and you have earned them.  It is the least the country can do to thank you for your service.
4 Fees That Are Always Worth Paying. Paying additional fees for a credit card or bank account might not sound smart, but it can sometimes prove rewarding. Forking out money for fees is something to consider before you overlook places you could be saving.
Retirement Planning for People Who Hate Math. You already know that it's very important to have a financial plan. But if you can't stand the thought of working with numbers you might be reluctant to put your strategy together. That's a quandary you don't want to be stuck in. The good news is that the solution is far simpler than you imagine.
You're More Likely To Be Struck By Lightning Than Create A $1 Billion Startup. Many entrepreneurs, and the venture investors who back them, seek to build billion-dollar companies. Why do investors seem
Guitar Center Workers In Las Vegas Vote To Unionize, Marking Third Union Win This Year. \[Retail] jobs by design are low wage and high turnover. People don't have a strong commitment to it,\ said Andrews, who's
The Most Unfair Countries For Women. According to the most recently available data, just 49% of Yemeni women and 40% of Pakistani women were literate, compared
Focus Is the Gateway to Business Success. Focus doesn't get the respect it deserves in the business world. We hear a lot about motivation, stress, emotions, leadership, and team culture, but not much attention is paid to the role that focus plays in your ability to be productive. Well, I'm here to change all that.
Crowdsourcing Leadership. As an executive coach, I often work with clients who want to make a bigger difference in their organization and/or the world. Fostering and tapping into a mindset of ownership is the most powerful way to do that. Here's how.
Why Your Business Should Be Using Infographics. The benefits of using a infographic content and design service are numerous and as a business owner you should really consider adding it to your content marketing strategy.
How My Iranian-Israeli Grandfather Helped Me Find My Career Path. When I was asked, at five years old, I said an astronaut and a teacher. I imagine that no matter what I would have said at that age my parents would have smiled and told me I could do anything I set my mind to doing.
Making Perks Work for Your Company. What I found in researching this piece, is that large, ostentatious perks aren't what make companies tick on a daily basis. A foundation of meaningful work, subtle and personal perks, and enjoying time with talented colleagues sounds like the perfect formula.
Can You Improve Customer Service By Empowering Your Team?. More employee empowerment really is a great deal for employees, customers, and customer service managers - perhaps more firms should be exploring this idea?
Goldman Finally Tries to Get People to Work Less. Now they tell us. After years of hearing that it was impossible to restructure jobs to make them more doable, guess what? According to The Wall Street Journal, when Goldman Sachs discovered it couldn't attract and retain the most promising recruits with pay and perks alone.
Gulliver's Twitter. As more of the marketing function is digitized, some consumers will always exploit their access and amplification to create needless trouble for the companies unfortunate enough to cross their paths. But no matter how hard, brands must always remember that whenever they sink to that level, they lose.
The Supreme Court Totally Screwed America's Labor Unions. It's no wonder the labor movement has lost so much traction. With anti-union Republicans, the pro-business media, and gutless Democrats all being joined by a faux-libertarian Supreme Court, organized labor is fighting for its life.
The European Case. It is our responsibility to make sure that our children are well prepared to make financial decisions.
The States With The Most And Least Affordable Colleges. Average in-state tuition at public four-year universities rose by just 2.9% this year, the smallest increase in more than
Company Wants Potential Hires To Snapchat Execs After Submitting A Resume. Investors aren't the only ones who see apparent value in Snapchat. Likeable Media, a social media marketing agency in New
China 2014. 2014 will be the year leaders of consumer goods producers realize that it may be too late to enter China. If you haven't established significant scale already, you probably never will. The PRC will not be an option for turbo-charging future growth plans for current non-players.
Men Fail, only then Women Rule; Lagarde, Yellen, now Flug. But today, hooray, Dominique Strauss-Kahn did not become President of France and remain Director of the International Monetary
6 Ways to Work Around HealthCare.gov and Get the Coverage You Need. The fact is that more than 700,000 Americans have managed to apply for a new health insurance plan. How did these people get through? With tenacity, consumer smarts, and some of the steps highlighted below.
7 Myths About Ethics Which Will Hurt Your Business. It's easy to be ethical. This myth ignores the complexity surrounding ethical decision making, particularly within business
E-Cigarette Industry Aims To Make 'Vaping' Socially Acceptable. Geoff Vuleta was in the crowd at a Rolling Stones concert last year when Keith Richards lit up a cigarette on stage, the
Meet The Man Trying To Stop The World's Biggest Companies From Avoiding Billions In Taxes. It was a humbling experience for the chief executive of the world\u2019s most valuable company. Hauled before a Senate panel, Apple\u2019s
Fast-Food Chains Costing Taxpayers The Most Money. 24/7 Wall St.
Obamacare Website Woman Mysteriously Disappears. The woman who has become the face of Obamacare has completely disappeared. (h/t Washington Post Health Policy Reporter Sarah
Obamacare Enrollment Halted By Verizon Data Center Crash. Separate technical problems that have stalled enrollment on Healthcare.gov since its launch on Oct. 1 are at the heart of
Larry Ellison Is a Conservation Leader. And as Larry Ellison knows when you make your own energy to run football fields of servers storing most of the business data, globally and there's extra energy left over -- then it's sold back into the grid, maximizing the investment.
Faster Inflation Would Help...Really!. If such persistently low inflation is a symptom of weak growth, it's not exactly obvious that faster inflation itself would lead to improved growth rates. Isn't this mistaking an outcome variable for an input variable? In fact, there are various ways in which higher inflation can help at a time like this.
NYSE Runs Twitter IPO Test To Avoid  Facebook Chaos. The Big Board, run by NYSE Euronext, regularly does systems testing on the weekends, but this was the first time it had run
The One Thing the Best Leaders and Most Liked People Have In Common. Since humans love to talk, if you can focus on listening, truly listening attentively to the person you're with, that person will adore you.
These Are The Worst Sick Day Excuses We Have Ever Heard. 5. Someone glued my doors and windows shut so I can't leave the house to come to work. The survey, conducted by employment
America's Poorest Cities. Median household income in the United States remained relatively unchanged between 2011 and 2012, after falling 7% from the
11 Countries That Still Have Perfect Credit. U.S. government gross debt amounted to 102% of GDP in 2012, 11th highest in the world. On Some of the top-rated countries
If They Won't Put It in Writing Then Be Afraid. I'll stick to a simple rule of thumb. If someone won't put a questionable instruction in writing and there are no clear policies or guidelines to support that instruction, then I'll let my moral compass guide me.
Deutsche Bank Talking To 50 Employees Over Libor. The staff are being allowed to bring lawyers or witnesses to the talks, the paper reported. (Reporting by Arno Schuetze; Editing
How To Succeed In Business As A Woman. When I started the Corner Office column more than four years and about 250 interviews ago, I set several guidelines for the
The Dirty Little Secret That Fast-Food Companies Don't Want You To Know. With all of this talk in Washington about cutting back on spending, you'd think they would get to work raising the minimum
Can Entrepreneurship Be Taught?. Although it is difficult to directly correlate NFTE's work to increased employment, research has shown that NFTE's educational
The Most Educated Countries In The World. Between 2010 and 2011, the percentage of adults with a college degree in the United States remained unchanged at 42%. Since
JPMorgan Reaches Tentative $13 Billion Settlement With Justice Department. JPMorgan may still also face criminal charges, according to a tweet by CNBC reporter John Harwood
Larry Summers Was Offered Job As Head Of Bank Of Israel. Former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers, who was in the running to succeed Ben Bernanke as chairman of the Federal Reserve
James Street, All-American Businessman. The stories usually stopped when James was 22 years old. They missed the great story of what James accomplished after sports ended and business life began. He built one of the most successful structured settlement and settlement planning firms in the United States.
Halloween 2013 Trends. Adults are ready to pay for their children's costumes $1.4 billion, while lavishing their pets with outfits that factor in for $330 million.
The Best And Worst Countries To Grow Old In May Surprise You. The world\u2019s older population is growing. According to a report released last week, 11% of the current world population is
Obamacare Website Problems Are Worse Than Many People Realize. WASHINGTON \u2014 In March, Henry Chao, the chief digital architect for the Obama administration\u2019s new online insurance marketplace
Shutdown Squeeze Play May Cause Mortgage Fallout. Mortgage rates slipped downward for the third consecutive week; but before would-be refinancers and home buyers cheer too loudly, they may want to ponder the reason why. The federal government shutdown is creating a dark cloud that overhangs all aspects of finance.
Family Dollar. Around 800,000 government employees have been furloughed during the shutdown, and that number doesn't include private-sector
Shapeways Delivers 3D Printing as a Service, Reshaping Business Processes. Trying to configure, calibrate, and properly print a 3D object is a clunky experience. Fortunately, there are services that enable this
5 Ways to Measure Startup Progress. Successful early steps also reinforce confidence in everyone involved in the startup, an often-ignored, intangible element of entrepreneurial success.
CDW and Charles Barkley. National technology solutions provider CDW launched its integrated marketing campaign, \People Who Get IT\ in January 2011 but the advertising didn't really start putting on the full-court press until NBA Hall of Famer Charles Barkley joined up in March of 2012.
Government Shutdown Halts Logging Industry Production. \We're scrambling like everyone else to keep our heads above water,\ Kuehn said. Scott Kuehn, procurement forester for Tricon
I Got Hired At A Bangladesh Sweatshop. Meet My 9-Year-Old Boss. Some days are good for Meem, others she likes to forget as quickly as possible. The first time I saw Meem, which was also
Fed Chairman Yellen Will Boost Economic Growth. Graph
10 American Companies Cutting The Most Jobs. These are the 10 companies cutting the most jobs, according to 24/7 Wall St. In an interview with 24/7 Wall St., Challenger
10 Famous Fraudsters, Con Artists And Scammers. The Merriam-Webster online dictionary defines \fraud\ as the \intentional perversion of truth in order to induce another
This Is What It's Like To Try And Sign Up For Obamacare Right Now. I have been in regular conversation with a person in Pennsylvania trying to get information about coverage under the Affordable
Rap Lyrics Make The Case For Investing In Twitter. Twitter is, by most conventional metrics, considerably less popular than Facebook and arguably growing more slowly to boot
Retailers Hiring The Most Employees For The Holidays. As the holiday season approaches, retailers are preparing for the busiest shopping time of the year by increasing their workforces
Amazon's German Workers Threaten Strike Before Christmas. Amazon has maintained that it regards staff at its centers in the cities of Bad Hersfeld and Leipzig as logistics workers
Change Warriors. Many management gurus, academics, and CEOs are writing on change, yet there is a difference between the theoretical and academic, and actual change.
The Most Dangerous States In America. These are the most dangerous states in America, according to a 24/7 Wall St.
More Companies Look To Hire Employees Who Aren't Jerks. That doesn't mean everyone needs to be in a good mood all the time, Albrecht said. But in general, he said, a positive attitude
Latest Figures Reveal Uptick in Refinancing Activity. Rising mortgage rates may have thrown some cold water on refinancing activity, but they have not frozen it completely. Two statistics released this week show signs of hope for refinancing.
Breaking Up With \u2018Breaking Bad' Is Hard for Albuquerque. ONE afternoon last winter, a man with a shaved head walked into Twisters, a burrito joint in Albuquerque. He was wearing
'Breaking Bad' Finale Ads Cost As Much As $400,000. In fact, as Business Insider pointed out Sunday, \Breaking Bad's\ audience still hasn't peaked. This makes the show stand
Leadership Burnout. Is there a simple way to begin to support leadership development and cultivate the ability to lead with excellence? Happily, there is.
Countries With The Most Immigrants. Despite having large migrant populations, many of these nations do not have policies that actively support immigration. In
Hawaii Coffee Is The Only American-Grown Coffee. So, wake up and smell the American-made coffee
This May Be The Coolest Way Ever To Quit Your Job. In a Skype chat with The Huffington Post, Shifrin wrote that the Taiwanese work environment is very different from the American
Is the New Tesla Model S Right for You? A Review From a New Owner. The new Tesla Model S, like its namesake, presents us with an equally revolutionary breakthrough, a car literally unlike any other in the last 100 years. It is a complete game-changer, a reengineering of the automobile and the personal transportation industry from the ground up.
Obamacare Coders Working Down To The Wire To Fix Online Glitches. Officials working on the sites have acknowledged that information technology (IT) failures will prevent many of them from
10 States With The Worst Health Coverage. Last year, just under 15% of the U.S. population did not have health insurance coverage. But as the different stages of the
Most People Don't Know Obamacare Sign-Up Starts Next Month. Source
Young, Old and In Between Equals Success. I learned that he had at least one young lawyer just out of law school and at least one lawyer in his early forties (or thereabouts
The 10 Richest States In America. Here are America's richest states, according to 24/7 Wall St. The types of jobs available in each state also affect income
How Companies Mask Their Outrageous CEO Pay. HOW much pay is too much pay? It's a question shareholders have been asking for years. Read more on The New York Times
AIG CEO Robert Benmosche. Despite Benmosche\u2019s confidence, a variety of factors indicate that the problem isn\u2019t over yet. The country's largest banks
Marketing in China. I have lived in China since 1994 and in Shanghai since 1998.  When people hear this, the most common reaction is, \You must have seen huge changes.\ I respond, \Perhaps not quite as much as you might expect.\
Save America's Most Dangerous City. Our smart, savvy urban youth know it's tough to get a job, and know they can make real money selling drugs -- and most of them have never been taught anything about legal entrepreneurship.
Bangladesh Garment Workers Hold Largest Wage Protest Yet. Although the factory owners earlier agreed to a raise of just 20 percent, the workers refused this, calling it \inhuman and
My Girlfriend Committed Suicide Owing Sallie Mae. I Co-Signed.. Can Sallie Mae deny you online access? Sure, they are not under any obligation I am aware of to provide online access if
George Soros Weds Consultant Tamiko Bolton For His Third Marriage. For Soros, whose net worth is $20 billion according to Forbes, this will be his third marriage. It is Bolton's second. The
Immigration of Skilled Foreign Workers. Over the past decades, the United States has established the H1-B visa as the main gate for skilled workers hired by US companies. In order to avoid any abuse, the US Senate went as far as establishing quotas for H1-B visas on an annual basis.
America's Poorest States. Last year, household income remained effectively unchanged, according to data released this week by the U.S. Census Bureau
Urban Outfitters Applies For Liquor License At New York Store. Urban may be the first major U.S. clothing retailer attempting to make alcohol an active part of its in-store experience
The Smoking Gun of Higher Oil Prices. Is this what free enterprise is meant to be? I think not!
Summers Withdraws, U.S. Stock Futures Advance. Sept 15 (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures advanced and futures for the U.S. Treasury 10-year note gained late Sunday after Lawrence
The Best Economies In The World. These are the 10 most competitive global economies, according to 24/7 Wall St
JPMorgan, Other Wall Street Institutions Exploit Ethanol Credits. It was supposed to help clean the air, reduce dependence on foreign oil and bolster agriculture. But a little known market
On 5th Anniversary Of Lehman Collapse, Americans Still Angry. 'NOTHING'S REALLY CHANGED' \On the other hand, we have the 99 percent who see it from a very different angle, and in particular
The Lehman Collapse Through Twitter Reactions. Twitter only had around 200,000 people using the service every week when Lehman Brothers died five years ago today. Here\u2019s
These 2 Stats Prove California's $10 Minimum Wage Is A Big Deal. Certain states index their minimum wages and could also theoretically reach the $10 plateau by 2016. But the California bill
About A 50/50 Chance A Computer Will Be Doing Your Job In 20 Years. Thought your job was safe? Not so much, say researchers at University of Oxford's James Martin school. There, a group of
Deflation is the Danger. It also means that little progress was seen in PCE inflation getting to the Fed's goal of 2 to 2.5 percent, as we said. Year
Rare $4 Gold Coin, 1880 Coiled Hair Stella, Could Fetch Millions (VIDEO). An extremely rare $4 gold coin featuring the face of Lady Liberty is being auctioned off later this month in a sale that
About A 50/50 Chance A Computer Threatens To Steal Your Job. That\u2019s worrying news for U.S. workers, many of whom are already hurting for a pay hike. The bottom 70 percent of the income
The Countries With The Most Multimillionaires. According to a recent study, the United States is home to about one in every three ultra-high net worth individuals -- those
Germany's Oktoberfest Threatened By Bug. With only a fortnight to go before Oktoberfest, Germany's boisterous celebration of beer drinking, a leading brewer is facing
The Real Reason Women Are Leaving Wall Street. \u201dThe sacrifices are enormous,\u201d adds Horowitz. \u201cYou have to work hard, the politics are hard, it is hard to be in a minority
Time Warner To Remove U.S. Retirees From Company Health Plan. The change in coverage will take effect on January 1, 2014. (Reporting by Ryan Vlastelica; Editing by Nick Zieminski) According
If You Can Wait Until Your Child Is Age 27 to Let Them Have Money, Do It. Few 18-year-olds are prepared to handle a large lump sum of money. Laws prevent people from buying alcohol until age 21. It is assumed that people who can't legally buy a beer can somehow be responsible for handling thousands and sometimes millions of dollars.
The IRS Spent $10,000 On This Awful Parody Of 'The Apprentice' (VIDEO). Rep. Charles Boustany, the chair of the House Ways and Means subcommittee which oversees the IRS, released a statement to
Half Of Us Are Victims Of This Illegal Act After College. It's Really Not OK.. In 2005, when I graduated from college, I moved to New York. While I was looking for a job, one opened up that I would have
Bank of America To Pay $39 Million In Gender Bias Case. Bank of America agreed on Friday to pay $39 million to women who worked in its Merrill Lynch brokerage operation, another
The States Where The Most People Go Hungry. Indeed, according to a 2012 Gallup-Healthways survey, people in nine of the 10 states were less likely to eat healthily on
Homes For The Taking. On the day Bennie Coleman lost his house, the day armed U.S. marshals came to his door and ordered him off the property, he
We Have a Secret to Share. Shhh.. I started Gov20LA five years ago with a goal to open the dialog and discussion between governments and private groups and
11 Countries With Soaring Inflation. While inflation has been relatively tame in the United States and Europe, several large nations have struggled with rising
What Is the Optimal Credit Score?. Truthfully, the highest credit score is not the score you should be shooting for. The whole point of a credit score is to get you the best rates and credit limits when you are applying for loans and credits. While it seems like the highest score would get you the best rates, you actually don't even need to aim that high.
9 Ways We're Better Off Now Than We Were On The First Labor Day (And 5 Ways We're Not). Not until the 1900s was there a significant fight for an eight-hour workday. According to the Nation, at the time, some magazines
5 Jobs Of The Past. As technology improves and the needs of society change, new jobs are created while old ones move toward extinction. Over
Global Drug War Hits China With Rise Of Legal Highs. The drugs arrived in an \u201cunnamed, unmarked package,\u201d recalls Timothy LaMere. The rest of what happened that night is more
Labor's Day Remembered. We celebrate another Labor Day, a national holiday, and how do we remember it?  I would like to remember it as some other developed countries celebrate it.
Nearly All Employed Americans Do Work-Related Tasks During Their Personal Time. More From CNBC
Inspections Of Factories Abroad Found To Be Superficial, Riddled With Flaws. Inspectors came and went from a Walmart-certified factory in Guangdong Province in China, approving its production of more
U.S. Workers Are Still Completely Freaked Out About Job Security (CHART). Although a majority of these concerns peaked between 2008 and 2009, Gallup's most recent results indicate that U.S. workers
Verizon, Vodafone Agree On $130 Billion Deal. It will have a U.S. tax liability of around $5 billion. The deal will give Verizon full access to the wireless unit's cash
Crowdfunding College And Other Ways To Cut Costs. With the cost of a college education increasing at a pace roughly double the pace of inflation, students are looking at new
Lenovo CEO Yang Yuanqing Shares $3.25 Million Bonus With Employees. Luckily, Yuanqing is not alone in sharing his company's success with every employee. Lord Wolfson, CEO of the U.K. retailer
Labor Day Sales 2013. Alas, Labor Day has arrived. Say goodbye to those white pants and say hello to big discounts from your favorite retailers
America's Top 10 Disappearing Jobs. The number of workers in other occupations has been greatly reduced because of technological improvements. Jobs in several
Cities With The Worst Drivers 2013. Whether it's because of the 15 inches of snow that falls every winter or the nearly 30 days of rainfall every summer, auto
90 Percent Of Employers Tie Workers' Pay To Company Performance. Caterpillar will not break any profit records in 2013. Cancellations from mining customers have weighed on sales and profits
Labor Day 2013. Labor Day is upon us once again and once again the picture for new entrants to the labor force is dismal if they do not possess a tool kit of advanced skills.
Tyler Cowan. Self-driving vehicles threaten to send truck drivers to the unemployment office. Computer programs can now write journalistic
Meet The Billionaire Who Controls Your Ketchup, Beer. After they sold H.J. Heinz to Warren Buffett and a bunch of Brazilians in June, the ketchup manufacturer's outgoing board
Income Inequality Grew Faster Under Obama, According To One Measure. Despite President Obama\u2019s view that growing income inequality is hurting the nation, it\u2019s actually gotten worse during his
President Obama. Please help me spread this idea... and get it in front of President Obama.  He has daughters.  He would never tolerate their exclusion from sports.
This Labor Day, Much Of America Will Be . . . Laboring. Will you be barbecuing this Labor Day, or slaving away at the office? Read more on time.com
Craigslist Creates Strange Market For Women Seeking Positive Pregnancy Tests (PHOTOS). Soon after, a women in New Jersey decided to follow suit, writing in the post \the lady in Buffalo New York was selling these
Former Intern Sues Donna Karan International Over Unpaid Internship. Similarly, former unpaid interns sued Gawker Media that month, claiming the company was in violation of federal law when
Occupy Wall Street Protesters Largely Defeated By Slow Pace Of Justice. The grind that confronts criminal defendants was a revelation for Occupy defendants, many of whom were white, first-time
The 7 Best Paying Jobs With Only High School Diploma. Close to a third of the adult U.S. population has a college degree. While it no longer necessarily guarantees a job, as it
Labor Day Is A Scam To Keep You Poor And Miserable Forever. Labor Day is a complete rip-off. Labor isn't celebrated at all\u2014instead, a single day's break from labor is celebrated. You
Fast-Food Strikes Lend Much-Needed Fire to Largely Dormant Labor Movement. Employees walked out of about 1,000 restaurant. Many earn the $7.25-an-hour federal minimum wage. They're demanding $15 an hour instead, contending, as one Los Angeles striker told The Times' Steven Greenhouse, that \people can't survive on the minimum wage.\
Final Powerball Winner Comes Forward In South Brunswick, New Jersey. \We were happy first of all that we sold it,\ said Perez in a telephone interview. \We sold a ticket before but nobody claimed
Who Are the Long-Term Unemployed?. It's been over four years since the recovery officially began, but there are still over four million people who are long
NSA Employees Spied On Romantic Interests In The Past. \u201cNSA has zero tolerance for willful violations of the agency\u2019s authorities,\u201d the NSA said in a statement on the news, according
Back to School Lessons for Growing Business. As children go back to school, what they do is a reminder for business. Consider all of the things that we remind our children
At Least One Million Cockroaches Escape Chinese Farm. This entry has expired
Community Banks Are Failing; Pawnshops Are Growing. Five years after the failure of Lehman Brothers, the mega banks have rebounded, community banks that serve vulnerable niches of American consumers, and which played no role in causing the Financial Crisis, are failing, and non-traditional lenders are expanding.
Unlimited Vacation Days! But Is There A Downside?. A dubious work perk is seeping into America's businesses
Wild Wing Cafe Kicks Out 25 African Americans After White Customer Felt 'Threatened'. Right as the country commemorates the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington, people are flocking to social media to
The Lesson From Inflation. Such low inflation means producers can't charge more for their products, therefore can't increase profits unless they use
Income Inequality Just Continues To Get Worse And Worse (CHART). Income inequality increased dramatically between 1979 and 2007, when a global financial crisis rocked not just the U.S. but
Open-Plan Offices Detrimental To Worker Productivity, Study Finds. (Hat tip
Total Helicopter Crash. The mother of one of the survivors told Sky News, \He said it seemed to lose power and there was no time to brace. They just
From Words to Action. Use conversational intelligence as a way to break from the past and create the future. Rather than thinking about situations
The Least Respected Companies In America. 24/7 Wall St. reviewed consultancy firm CoreBrand\u2019s recent report on brand reputation. CoreBrand measured the familiarity
Bloomberg's Advice For Success. New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said on his weekly radio show Friday morning that one of the keys to his success was essentially
The 10 Most Hated Industries In America. The U.S. economy may be struggling to recover from the Great Recession, but the reputations of the industries many blame
Yahoo! Re-Imagined or Re-Booted? I Am Lost in Translation. Updating and refreshing a corporation's identity to reflect the change in the marketplace and the character of the business is a delicate but much needed act. We all do it, but the approach varies greatly -- from evolution to revolution.
Hiring In China By JPMorgan Under Scrutiny. Federal authorities have opened a bribery investigation into whether JPMorgan Chase hired the children of powerful Chinese
We Can Close the Gap Between the American Dream and Reality. With political will, America has the ability to promote high and inclusive economic growth, create sustainable jobs, enhance productive opportunities for its citizens, improve public services, and arrest the type of inequality that silently eats away at social integrity and cohesion.
JPMorgan Hit By U.S. Bribery Probe Into Chinese Hiring. \It's been happening for the past 20 years,\ said Ronald Wan, Chair Professor of Renmin University of China and a former
These Wendy's Training Videos From The '80s Are Trippy, Brilliant. This Wendy's \Grill Skills\ training video from the 1980s doesn't require much of an introduction. We suggest you watch it
States Profiting The Most From Sin. Others, like the Tax Foundation\u2019s Scott Drenkard, argue that some states are motivated by profit. Specifically, increasing
Conversational Intelligence. Conversational Intelligence is our most powerful and human and hardwired skill of connecting with others through conversations. When leaders turn to each other to draw out our best thinking and translate that into action, we are exercising our Conversational Intelligence.
The Student Loan Lawyers Say I Have to Settle. Huffington Post Reader Question If you'd like to stay posted on all the latest get out of debt news and scam alerts, subscribe
CVS Requiring Customers To Show ID To Purchase Nail Polish Remover (UPDATE). The decision to require identification to purchase nail polish remover appears to be a proactive one on the part of CVS
U.S. Postal Service Alcohol Delivery Idea Criticized By Merchants. Still, without speculating about the volume of business a mail-order option might bring, the Boulder, Colo.-based Brewers
States Where It It Hardest To Find Full-Time Work. As the nation continues to recover from the recession, not only is the unemployment rate down, but the underemployment rate
8 Restaurant Surcharges That Don't Make Sense. Which industry has the most egregious surcharges? Airlines have added some surprisingly sneaky fees over the years and were
Republicans Don't Understand Entrepreneurship. Republicans claim to be the party of entrepreneurship
Will the Latest Powerball Winner Turn Into a Lottery Loser?. The latest lottery winner overcame a 171 million-to-one shot to win the Powerball. He is going to need the same kind of luck to hang on to the money and keep it from destroying his life.
The Most Secretive Companies. Generally, investors assess a company\u2019s performance by studying key financial metrics. But another useful strategy, according
New Jersey Powerball Winner Plans To Fix Sandy-Damaged Home. The largest jackpot in history stands at $656 million, won in the Mega Millions lottery in March 2012. That prize was split
QE3Important For Housing Recovery. So what is wrong with at least some of the Fed Governors that they see growth where there isn't any? How in fact can they
Simple Ways We Ruin Our Credit Without Knowing It. A recent FTC study showed that almost 42 million people have errors on their credit report, which is a ridiculous number of people. Five percent of those people saw a 25-point jump in their credit score once the errors were fixed. What does this mean?
Average Student Loan Debt Could Cost A Household $208,000 Over A Lifetime. A household with $53,000 in outstanding student debt -- which is the average college loan balance for a family headed by
The Problem In The U.S. Is Economic Mobility, Not The Minimum Wage. But this does not change the fact that it is harder lately for low-skill workers to move up through the economic ranks. Ideally
Famous Restaurant Chains That Are Hard To Find. 24/7 Wall St.
CNN/CIR Rehab Fraud Investigation Prompts California Assembly Hearing. (CNN) -- A California lawmaker has scheduled a hearing to examine disclosures of significant fraud in taxpayer-funded drug
Watch Semi-truck Go Airborne, Explode. Head to CNN for the crazy video. Read more on cnn.com
Babies Die; Hospital Halts Heart Surgeries. (CNN) -- Tabitha and Lucas Rainey were beginning to get suspicious. Read more on cnn.com
NRA Museum Opens At Bass Pro Store In Missouri. Marketing materials touting the museum say it \illustrates themes of hunting, conservation and freedom.\ But the museum is
Fair Labor Association, Watchdog To Big Retailers, Sows Its Own Worker Discontent In Budget Crunch. In July, FLA took the step of slashing salaries for staff members by 20 percent for the rest of the year and requiring non
Michael Lewis. Meanwhile, no senior Wall Street executives have faced criminal prosecution for their role in the crisis and big banks have
WATCH. McDonald\u2019s, Burger King and Wendy\u2019s are facing slow growth and disgruntled employees while also competing against new chains
Olive Garden, Red Lobster Officials. The cyclospora infections account for more than 400 cases of illness in 16 states, according to the Centers for Disease Control
States Sending The Most People to Prison. These are the states sending the most people to prison, according to 24/7 Wall St
Fewer Young Americans Have Full-Time Jobs Now Than Last Year (CHART). One report by the organization Generation Opportunity measured the youth jobless rate at 16.1 percent in June, more than
California Prison's 'Pay-To-Stay' Option Offers 'Quieter' Rooms For $155 A Day. The program has been criticized by the American Civil Liberties Union as a \jail for the rich,\ KQED news reports. However
Anthony Weiner Paid Private Investigator $43,100 To Look Into His Own Twitter Hacking Lies. When the original sexting scandal involving Anthony Weiner broke in 2011, his first explanation was that his Twitter account
SAC Capital CEO Steven Cohen Throws A Party Despite Indictment. And it was unclear whether Cohen's more than 500 investment professionals, traders and analysts, will remain with the firm
Kennedy, Kidd and the Keys to Success. Connections can get your foot into the door for an interview or, in the examples above, help you land the job, but, soon performance counts.
The End of Work, Again. The belief and fear that automation and mechanization are about to make most human labor obsolete, and thus create unavoidable mass unemployment, seems always to be simmering below the surface, like a passive volcano.
CEO Mocks Steve Cohen In Bizarre Full-Page Wall Street Journal Ad. Quartz
Federal Reserve's Jeffrey Lacker. Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke jolted markets in late May with plans to ease back on stimulus efforts once the economy improves
Borgata Babes Lose Lawsuit. The 22 Babes filed suit against the Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa alleging weight discrimination, according to the Los Angeles
The Worst States To Be Unemployed. As a result of the sequester, which went into effect in early 2013 to help cut the U.S. budget deficit, a federal program
6 Ways A $12 Minimum Wage Would Help The Economy. A report from non-partisan public policy center Demos released in 2012 looked into the effect of large retailers raising
Book Review. In their entertaining and readable Anti-Textbook, Canadian economists Rod Hill and Tony Myatt first present the conventional models of introductory microeconomics textbooks and then skewer them, drawing on a wide range of resources.
Private Banks Spend Millions Every Year To Weed Out Criminals, Tax Cheats. \You have to be very confident of the origins of the funds you are dealing with. If not, it's very simple, you have to walk
The Largest Municipal Bankruptcies in U.S. History. On Thursday, the city of Detroit filed for Chapter 9 bankruptcy protection. The total value of the city\u2019s outstanding obligations
How to Get Hospitals to Take Their Meds -- The Critical Last Step to Effecting Change. The adage of a long journey starting with a single step is not completely accurate for organizations. The journey starts with as many single steps as there are employees.
DeAndre Martin Alleges Racist Harassment At Convergys, Shares Photos (GRAPHIC). This isn't the first time allegations of discrimination have been leveled at Convergys. In 2011, the U.S. Equal Employment
Companies With 'Cash On The Sidelines' Should Pay Workers More. American companies have been piling up more and more cash lately, which perversely has become a talking point for why the
How Wiley Cerilli Used Customer Development in Building SinglePlatform. Using customer development to identify a problem and validate a solution For example, they knew if users provided feedback
Chipotle Twitter Account Having Some Sort Of Existential Breakdown. \We thought that people would pay attention, that it would cut through people's attention and make them talk, and it did
What Actually Happens At The End Of Trading Places?. It's been 30 years since Trading Places came out. And, to be honest, I never really understood what happened at the end of
So Long Hamburglar! Fast Food Companies Increasingly Retiring Mascots. One big reason why mascots are no longer cool is the exploding popularity of so-called fast-casual chains such as Chipotle
The Worst Companies To Work For In The U.S.. From 24/7 Wall St.
Costa Concordia Disaster. None of the five are likely to be jailed as the sentences of under two years were suspended and the longer ones may be replaced
Are S&P 500 Boards Equipped for the New Challenges of the Global Marketplace?. It can't possibly be in the interests of shareholders, companies, efficient markets, or a better world for board members to hang on for years and years, especially people who have little or no experience or expertise in the most vital challenges facing today's global marketplace.
New E-Commerce Strategies Threaten UPS, FedEx. Retail companies get discounts for shipping big volumes of goods, but the percentage differences between the zones are similar
SEC Takes Former Goldman Sachs Trader 'Fabulous Fab' To Trial In Civil Fraud Case. It is the highest-profile trial to date stemming from the SEC's investigation of the events leading up to the 2008 crisis
Your Price of Gasoline Is Going Up! How Sweet It Is!. The days of the Commodity Exchanges functioning as casinos should be brought to a cataclysmic halt by forceful government action serving the interests of the public's well-being and sane economic policy.
Hospital  Workers Fired Over Privacy Breach Reportedly Targeted At Kim Kardashian. The other workers were a medical assistant employed by the Cedars-Sinai Medical Care Foundation and a student research assistant
Inside The Company Making Sure Your Pot Is Strong (And Safe). Dr. Robert Martin, the co-founder of medical cannabis testing company CW Analytical, is a 30-year veteran of the food industry
11 Reasons To Be Super-Excited About The Return Of The Twinkie. 5. You now have a chance to break the Guinness record of Twinkies consumed in one minute. (The record currently stands at
The Cities Where Wages Are Plummeting. 24/7 Wall St.
Lawyers Appreciated Even Less Than Business Executives. The meager show of support for business executives is actually a slight improvement from previous polls. In 2009, when Pew
New Men's Wearhouse Ad Hits Airwaves Without Zimmer's Signature Phrase. THAT'S THE FACT, JACK Representatives for Zimmer and Men's Wearhouse declined to comment. Men's Wearhouse, however, could
Most Expensive Car Ever Auctioned. LONDON -- A classic Mercedes-Benz race car driven by Formula 1 legend Juan Manuel Fangio sold for 19.6 million pounds ($29.6
Eliot Spitzer's 'Sheriff Of Wall Street' Promise Will Be Tough To Keep, If Elected. More frequently, comptrollers use their power to clash with other city politicians and build their resumes. Top priorities
Expected Decline In Mortgage Lending To Hurt Big Banks' Profits. July 12 (Reuters) - Unexpectedly large quarterly profits at JPMorgan Chase & Co and Wells Fargo & Co hide a more worrisome
Chris Sevier, Tennessee Man, Suing Apple For Letting Him Access Porn. Later, in a section highlighted by Above the Law, Sevier accuses Apple of enabling \unfair competition\ between porn actresses
The Most Corrupt Countries In The World. More than half of the world\u2019s population believes corruption in the public sector is a very serious problem. Liberia and
An Entrepreneur in Venice. Like both his grandfather and father before, Mario Costra has spent the past 20 years navigating the watery streets of Venice on his gondola.
Disney World, Publix Push To Pay Less When Injured Customers Sue. Meanwhile, Publix estimates that if the Florida law passed, it could shave $1 million from the $37 million it paid last year
Annual Elections for Corporate Boards. Annual board elections are a progressive approach and best practice to board governance.
Bangladesh Factory Inspection Plan Finalized By H&M, Other Retailers. * Companies to pool data on factories for first time Bangladesh has pledged to improve safety, but it has not pledged new
Interview With the Street Rapper Nazz. His sales manner was so confident and he had three people in his employ, so I was intrigued. Here was a young entrepreneurial artist who created four jobs.
Unhappy Spending. Why do people who have money blow through it? The must-read new book, Happy Money
Bundesbank Chief. \In addition to stronger rules, we need to make sure that in a system of national control and national responsibility, sovereign
Countries Spending The Most On The Military. For the first time since 1998, global military spending is down. This coincides with a major decline in U.S. spending, which
IMF Chief Christine Lagarde Calls U.S. Budget Cuts 'Inappropriate'. While the budget cuts that took hold on March 1 do not appear to be hitting government payrolls directly so far, some economists
In Aftermath of Asiana Crash, an Insight Into the Intricacies of an Approach. It is clear that flight 214 struck the ground short of the runway threshold. This indicates that the aircraft was below the glidepath in the final stages of the approach. But eyewitness accounts from passengers and observers may produce dramatic reports but are no indication of accurate events.
Shattering the Glass Ceiling. In the late 1990s, there were no \women's circles\ or \diversity groups\ or \power lunches with other women\ like there are now. Never once it entered my mind \I cannot do this because I am a woman\ and no one at my bank said, \Well, as a woman you should think about changing careers.\
Bill Dudley, 'Old McDonald,' Is Perhaps McDonald's Oldest Worker At Age 88. At age 88, Bill Dudley of North Wales in the UK is perhaps McDonald's oldest employee in the world -- and he intends to keep
Credit Scores. Guess what? We're still confused about credit scores. The results of a new survey show that a large minority of us are still misunderstanding basic concepts. So what's the deal?
What Americans Do When Not At Work. Time was allocated differently based on age as well. Not surprisingly, the vast majority of the time devoted to educational
June Jobs Report. This report, with its positive revisions, a whiff of increased labor force participation, and a bit of pop in wages suggests not just an improving job market, but one that's improving a bit faster than we thought.
Interview With Ethos Water Founder Peter Thum on His New Venture. 6) Each one of the pieces is stamped with a special number, what does the number represent? Our country has been built on
Hostess To Start Freezing Some Twinkies Before Shipping Them. Hostess filed for bankruptcy in early 2012, after which investment firm Metropoulos & Co. swooped in to buy Twinkies and
Nestle, Danone Both Possibly Price-Fixed Infant Formula Milk In China. Some Chinese infant formula companies have started forming partnerships with foreign firms to try to boost brand recognition
11 Common Interview Questions That Are Actually Illegal. During job interviews, employers will try to gather as much information about you as possible, mostly through perfectly legal
Bed Bath And Beyond Fire Caught On Tape By Customer (VIDEO). \It was kinda just running up the wall and the sprinkler couldn't really keep up with it cause it was dense, all the material
The Countries Spending The Most On Health Care. Historically, health care spending among developed nations has grown considerably each year. However, beginning in 2010, spending
Nervous Yet? 5 Reasons to Feel Better About Stock Market Volatility. The stock market recently suffered some sharp losses, showing the kind of volatility that makes veteran traders nervous, let alone mainstream investors. The market activity raised doubts not only about investment portfolios, but also about the viability of the economic recovery.
3 Steps to Creating the Company Culture You Want. I don't have a fancy office or an executive restroom. I have a small office with mismatched furniture that I share with another person, but my preferred seat is a cube in the corner of the marketing department.
KFC Threatens Legal Action Against 'Hitler' Chicken Restaurant (PHOTO). Hitler, which recently opened in Bangkok, Thailand, first garnered attention after Andrew Spooner, author of the \Footprint
QE3 Works, So Please Don't Mess With It!. You are doing your job in putting 1.1 million older workers back to work of the 1.6 million jobs created over the past year
10 States Where People Drink The Most Beer. (Hat tip
Paul Krugman. It's that time of year -- the long weekend when we gather with friends and family to celebrate hot dogs, potato salad and
How to Prepare for Any Disaster. Disasters disrupt life in unimaginable ways, making those affected much more vulnerable to secondary disasters -- the kind caused by criminals. I've been through a number of earthquakes and lost a home to Hurricane Sandy. I know how all-consuming the aftermath can be.
Unemployment Rate Unchanged In June, Long-Term Joblessness Still Terrible. Long-term joblessness accounts for a disproportionate share of current unemployment and is a bigger problem than it has ever
June Jobs Report. You can read the entire BLS analysis here. It's actually been growing quite quickly over the last half year
A Trappist Monk and the Key to Success. What distinguishes the Trappist business philosophy from most of its secular competition is that very same spirit of service and selflessness toward others that Father Leonard epitomized so well.
Mortgage Application Activity Could Stall If Inflation Heats Up. A continued rise in mortgage rates will impact potential home buyers and refinancers, but it is refinancers who are most likely to scrap their plans altogether. Meanwhile though, a new cloud appeared on the economic horizon which could discourage home buyers as well.
Four Life Insurance Policies Designed to Waste Your Money. Life insurance is your most important financial building block. But think about which life insurance works best for you. There are many insurance products like the four presented that may seem to make sense.
The Side Effects Of Delaying Obamacare. The Department of Health and Human Services has repeatedly reassured the public that the exchanges will be ready by Oct. 1
15 Charts That Will Restore Your Faith In The American Economy. Oh, and one last thing
Coffee Shop Closes Early On July 4th 'To Lament Britain's Loss' (PHOTO). Editor's Note
Lock Of Mick Jagger's Hair Sells For $6,000 At Auction. LONDON, July 4 (Reuters) - An anonymous buyer snapped up a lock of Mick Jagger's hair for 4,000 pounds ($6,000) after bidders
The Fall Of The American Worker. There's a moment in Dale Maharidge and Michael S. Williamson's \Someplace Like America,\ a documentary account of three decades
Minneapolis Is The Lowest-Unemployment Big City In America. The Bureau of Labor statistics is out with its latest metropolitan area unemployment figures and I'm proud to announce that
7 Iconic Brands That Just Vanished. These are the great brands that just vanished
Vatican Bank's Preliminary Inquiry Finds 'Clear Failings' At Institution. At the meeting Ernst von Freyberg, the bank's German president, told the other four board members of the preliminary results
Let's Run Government Like a Business -- Or Not. Americans routinely decry the inefficiency of government.  Why, they ask, can't it be run more like a private sector company? To road-test this idea, let's think about one of the best run, most admired private sector companies in America
Obamacare Tech Snafus Expected As States Prepare To Open Online Insurance Exchanges. What Karjala, the chief information officer at \Cover Oregon,\ does worry about, however, is what will happen if the entire
Paula Deen and the Dilemma of Celebrity Endorsements. If the public is going to hold celebrities to such high standards, should we not also hold the businesses that endorse them to similar standards?
Life Lessons From the Fake Dry Cleaners. I worked at a dry cleaning business that had no dry cleaning equipment. Since I was the only employee, there was not a lot to manage. However, the experience at the dry cleaners was a better lesson in business than studying for an MBA.
As Pay Cards Replace Paychecks, Bank Fees Hurt Workers. A growing number of American workers are confronting a frustrating predicament on payday
As Pay Cards Replace Paychecks, Bank Fees Hurt Workers - NYTimes.com. A growing number of American workers are confronting a frustrating predicament on payday
For Top Executives, An Unstoppable Climb In Pay. WHEN we made our annual foray into the executive pay gold mine in April, chief executives' earnings for 2012 showed what
Why Americans Are Eating Fewer Hot Dogs. Americans spent $1.7 billion on hot dogs last year--and that's just at supermarkets; it doesn't count wieners purchased at
Paul Krugman. \The Fed grossly misunderstood the nature of the relationship between its statements and market expectations,\ the New York
The Most Competitive Cities Of The Future. Singapore is currently the most competitive city in the world, beating out New York and London, according to the Economist
Nike May Dodge Criticism Of Labor Practices By Cutting Employees In Harsh Working Conditions. Nike is a growth company and while new efficient technologies will be progressively introduced as we innovate in product
States With The Most Dangerous Bridges. From 24/7 Wall St.
Nitrogen Leak At Arizona Intel Plant Sends Employees To Hospital. \There is no ongoing danger,\ Mulloy said. The plant in Chandler employs about 11,000 people. Intel operates two high-volume
America's Most Wasteful Companies. Big companies often invest in research and development to promote growth and profitability. Yet this expense can sometimes
Starbucks Pays UK Corporation Tax For First Time Since 2008. This entry has expired
IRS Sent $46 Million In Refunds To 'Unauthorized' Workers At One Atlanta Address. This is not the first time the IG has chided the IRS for ineffective management. Earlier this year, the IG determined that
Paul Krugman. Indeed, as chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers Alan Krueger illustrated with the concept of the \Great
The Fate of Apple and Antitrust. As the Justice Department's so-called \eBooks\ antitrust trial winds down in a Manhattan federal courtroom, it is remarkable how many people have failed to see how easy the case really is.
When Banks Compete You Win -- Except When You Lose. Consumers shopping for a mortgage who want assurance that all quoted prices are valid should seek multi-lender web sites that post prices received directly from lenders, not prices submitted by intermediaries.
Former Interns Sue Gawker Over No Pay, Allege Media Company Violated Federal Law. Gawker Media and founder Nick Denton were slapped with a lawsuit this week from three former workers who allege that the
Build Trust. Fear somehow touches almost every aspect of our lives. It is woven invisibly into the fabric of our existence and often sets into motion a chain of reactions and circumstances that affect the way we think and our behavior, for better or worse, with others.
The Oldest Company Logos In America. Prudential Logo, Then and Now Based on a review of Fortune 500 companies, 24/7 Wall St. identified the 10 oldest corporate
Why Did Paula Deen's Legal Team Let Her Testify?. Paula's legal team flunked Risk Management 101. When they allowed Paula to give her deposition, they had to realize that the testimony would not be limited to her recipe for peanut butter pie.
European Union Leaders Struggle To Decide Who Pays When Banks Fail. At the heart of the disagreement, chiefly between Germany and France, was how much leeway countries should have when imposing
Lessons From My Father. My father would always push me to ask for things -- even, and especially, when I was completely embarrassed and afraid to. As a kid, I cringed whenever he did this -- I hated it. But as an adult, I'm thankful he showed me value of getting out of my comfort zone.
10 States Where People Hate Going To Work. These are the 10 states where people hate going to work, according to 24/7 Wall St.
How Free Trade Might Be the World's Best Option. British Prime Minister David Cameron has rightly put free trade on the top of the G8 agenda. It is possibly one of the best ways we could help the world foster economic prosperity and development.
Just Thinking About Money Leads To Corruption. \Considering the signi\ufb01cant role of money in business organizations and everyday life, the idea that subtle reminders of
Living On Minimum Wage. At least one part of the labor force has expanded significantly since the recession hit
Time for a Change of Business. If we're reading the signs correctly, and if there is some legitimacy in the cyclical pattern of reaction to excesses of the past, then we might be at the beginning of a period that sees co-operatives not just as respected but as favored above other corporate forms.
Mortgage Rates Extend Rising Streak to 6 Weeks. It's starting to look like more than just a temporary blip. On June 13, mortgage finance company Freddie Mac announced that mortgage rates rose for the sixth consecutive week -- and the impact on mortgage activity is already starting to be felt.
When Managers Go Helicopter. The first step towards getting a boss to loosen her grip is to remove any possibility from her mind that she needs to be that way. Get to work on time. Meet deadlines. Be productive. Make clients happy.
The Downside To Workplace Flexibility. Assume for a moment that your employer let you decide when and where you worked \u2014 you might arrive early so you could leave
Gordon Ramsay Sued Over Unpaid Wages By Employees At His Fat Cow Restaurant. Radar online is reporting that the celebrity chef known for hosting FOX reality TV shows \Kitchen Nightmares\ and \Hell\u2019s
States With The Fastest Growing Economies. U.S. gross domestic product (GDP) grew by 2.5% in 2012 after growing 1.6% in 2011, the most the economy has grown since 2006
I Got a Great Degree I Can't Afford. If I file for bankrupcy, can my Sallie Mae loans be discharged? If your loans are not government backed or subsidized your
I Promise Not to Be Cheery If You Promise to Stop Stereotyping. If you're a woman in the workplace, you need to stop smiling. Why? Because according to a just-released study, \women [leaders] who looked cheerful were judged to be less willing to lead\ than men who displayed similar emotions.
Marijuana Vending Machines, Stoner Fantasy, May Become Industry Norm. \u201cIt\u2019s like a gold rush,\u201d Davis said. \u201cOnce significant investment capital comes to the market, who knows?\u201d Davis said he
Death of a Union Firebrand. Let's be clear about what Richard Gregory (\Richie\) Phillips did for and to the umpires.  What he did for them was single-handedly turn major league umpires into the gold standard of sports officiating, both enriching them monetarily and guaranteeing them the right to work with dignity.
I'm Fired? Why, Thank You!. It started out like any other day. Isn't that the way every \I got fired\ story begins? Well, add me to the list.
How to Get Over Procrastination in a Day. On Tuesday I procrastinated worse than I had in months. I couldn't even approach my desk, and spent a large part of the day in bed. Not sick, just hiding.
Countries With The Most Vacation Days. These are the countries where workers get the most time off, according to 24/7 Wall St.
Power and Influence. Power and leadership are being redefined. No longer are we comfortable equating leadership with force, and power with dominance. In forward-thinking corporations, power is shifting from I-centric to We-centric, and this shift requires a commitment and a plan of action.
Paul Krugman. \Technology means that we're going to be living in a surveillance state,\ Krugman said. \No matter what happens.\ \u201cYou can
Angela Ahrendts, Burberry CEO, Is First Woman To Become The Highest-Paid Executive In Britain. \u201cJust put the best person into the job. It is not about gender, it is about experience, leadership and vision. A man could
Booz Allen Hamilton. Snowden's whistleblowing helped reveal that the NSA had been collecting millions of phone records daily and tapping into
Buffett Charity Lunch Goes For Over $1 Million, Down From Last Year's $3.5 Million. \We never know what will come. So we are very proud about what has taken place last night, and we feel we are on the right
If I Were to Tweet, I'd Ask.... With all there is to care about in this world, why does a star of Tom Cruise's magnitude choose to hie off to a remote land to say nice things about a group of stores he isn't likely to be caught alive in? Clearly, Tom was there because he cared, and that fills me with wonder.
Arianna Discussed Youth Unemployment With Fareed Zakaria On CNN's 'Your Money' (VIDEO). Arianna appeared on CNN's 'Your Money' to discuss youth unemployment and the student debt crisis. Fareed Zakaria also joined
States With The Most Government Benefits. The Great Recession left many families in need of greater economic security. Although federal programs provide some safety
States Spending The Least On Education. Based on the U.S. Census Bureau\u2019s latest release on education spending per student, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed the states that
Ikea's New Free Food Deal -- and the Powerful Psychology Behind It. In the end what's so fascinating is that customers may be completely aware of how Ikea's deal will manipulate them. But they may be fine with it anyway.
Why CEOs Need To Do More To Earn Their Keep. One recent Thursday, G. Steven Farris, the chairman and C.E.O. of the poorly performing oil-and-gas company Apache, stood
Managing Innovation. Innovation is the buzz word du jour. But presenting it as an obscure unmeasurable esoteric art does not make it easier. Definition and measurement matter, as Peter Drucker observed
Paul Krugman. The Nobel Prize-winning economist and New York Times columnist told Fareed Zakaria that \u201cthe stakes are high\u201d in his public
Micro Living Trend Sweeps The U.S., As Cash-Strapped Renters Look For Affordable Housing In Pricey Cities. MICRO DENSITY Forty-one micro housing projects have come through the Seattle Department of Planning and Development since
Arianna Talks Jobs On ABC's This Week. Arianna appeared on ABC's This Week to discuss the recent scandals facing the Obama administration. She argued that what
Austrian Bank Employee Fired After Accidentally Dropping Nearly $117,000 In Cash Into River. An employee of a bank in Austria was fired after dropping 90,000 euros (nearly $117,000) in cash off a bridge into a river
On Human Rights, Wendy's Isn't Old Fashioned -- Just Outdated. Rather than joining their competitors in respecting farmworkers rights, Wendy's has ended up doing something different. They chose to mislead their stockholders and customers.
Ben & Jerry's Will Stop Using Genetically-Modified Ingredients, Company Says. The discovery of the engineered Oregon wheat, which had been developed by Monsanto, led South Korea and Japan to suspend
7 Major Immigration Myths Debunked. Myth 5
Life Lesson. Fundraising comes down to factors. Being brave enough to ask someone for money and finding people who are interested in the cause you are espousing.
Fake Shops Hide Northern Ireland's Struggling Economy Ahead Of G8 Summit (PHOTOS). \The town looks fantastic, it's a good excuse for people to get doing work,\u201d one painter said. Indeed, such attempts to hide
Coolest Jobs Of 2013. More from CNBC --The 'Wild West' of Online Poker Goes Legit in US --Who Pays for Catastrophes? --Texas Counties Set Example
Beware Capitalist Tools. My modest suggestion that governments become the agents of their citizens in bargaining with global capital should hardly raise an eyebrow. But capitalist tools are acting worried that average citizens may be starting to see what's really going on.
Excel Spreadsheet Error, Ha Ha! Lessons From the Reinhart-Rogoff Controversy. The story of the Reinhart-Rogoff error tells us a great deal about how the elites use economists and the prestige of the economics profession in order to impose their will on the public.
Kettle Resembles Hitler On J.C. Penney Billboard, Passersby Say (PHOTO). Update, May 28
World's Largest Lego Model Displayed In Times Square (PHOTOS, VIDEO). The Lego model that puts all other Lego models to shame was proudly displayed in New York's Times Square last week. The life
Will You Be Truly Happy If You Win the Lottery?. Winning the lottery has not always been the ticket to paradise. But if people use the money wisely, for a purpose, and with financial security being their number one priority, it might allow them to get closer to that elusive dream of happiness.
Krugman. The Affordable Care Act, a k a Obamacare, goes fully into effect at the beginning of next year, and predictions of disaster
10 Brands That Will Disappear In 2014. Yet another industry with two brands on our list is automobiles. Car sales are growing in the United States, but brands with
Potential Federal Reserve Policy Changes Could Make For Volatile Summer. The Fed honcho's absence could mean Jackson Hole offers little in the way of news, in which case, head to the beach and read
Etienne Syldor, Orlando Man, Faces Foreclosure Despite Claims He Paid His Loan In Excess, And Early. Explained Wells Fargo representative Veronica Clemons, in a statement to WFTV
Big Data and Deep Learning. Getting the most out Deep Learning will require deep thinking.  That's where authentic human intelligence still trumps artificial machine intelligence.  And, it's what makes us optimistic about the upward movement of the American innovation curve and the potential it will bring with it.
Amazon Workers Strike Again For Better Pay In Germany. The union is also pressing for higher basic pay and bigger supplements for night shifts. Amazon said its workers' earnings
Banks' Lobbyists Help In Drafting Financial Bills. WASHINGTON -- Bank lobbyists are not leaving it to lawmakers to draft legislation that softens financial regulations. Instead
Carmen Reinhart, Kenneth Rogoff Lash Out Against Paul Krugman Over Austerity Criticism. Read on
Memorial Day Barbecue Costs Likely To Rise This Year Due To Boost In Beef Prices. Coping with high holiday weekend barbecue costs is sadly nothing new for shoppers. Last year consumers struggled as beef
Paul Krugman. \u201cThere remains essentially no room for independent thinking within the conservative movement,\u201d Krugman wrote. \u201cBeing a good
First Baby On the Way But Student Loans Are Making It Tough. Anyway, I'll get off of my soapbox now. But ive also learned recently of a law suit agaist them specifically with the Sallie
Obama Is The Fifth President To See The S&P 500 Double While In Office. Despite conservative claims otherwise, the evidence seems to be mounting that the Obama Presidency has been good for business
States With The Most Americans On Disability. The number of Americans receiving Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) more-than doubled over the past two decades
I Want to File Bankruptcy. Huffington Post Reader Question Tamara If you'd like to stay posted on all the latest get out of debt news and scam alerts
The Surprising Topic Parents Aren't Talking About With Their Kids. If you haven't had a conversation with your parents about handling their financial affairs after they die, Krysten Crawford's
Why Nobody Cares That The Deficit Is Shrinking. On May 14, as Washington officialdom was transfixed by the IRS scandal, the Congressional Budget Office announced that the
Paul Krugman. At least in the U.S., it turns out runaway debt may not be as much of a concern as originally thought, despite politicians
Michael Moore. GE did pay taxes in 2012 at a rate of 8.2 percent, which is still lower than the top corporate tax rate of 35 percent, according
10 Countries Where People Fear For Their Safety. Some of the nations where residents do not feel safe are among the world\u2019s poorest, including Afghanistan and Madagascar
Bangladesh Factory Banned By Walmart Still Making Wrangler Shirts. It was not clear whether this audit included a Ferro scan. The retailer has so far released only a few details of the inspection
Barbie's Biggest Threat. With her popularity waning, Barbie hit the road this week on a global campaign to burnish her brand. Read more on Businessweek
6 Career-Killing Phrases You Should Stop Using Immediately. Whether making an important presentation to potential clients or trying to motivate a room full of entry-level employees
Jackson Avenue Heats Up Near The Port Of New Orleans. Wayne Brown, the developer of Josephine Lofts, last week said he's interested in converting the five-story, former River
Jamie Dimon Makes His Case Ahead Of Vote. J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. Chairman and Chief Executive James Dimon is making the case for continuity in the final days before
Winning Powerball Numbers May 18. The previous Powerball jackpot record was set in November 2012, when two winning tickets split a prize of $587.5 million
13 Ridiculous Excuses For Missing Work Show Everybody Can Be Creative. Here are 13 of the most bizarre excuses for missing work
Restaurants Fear Sales Hit From Proposed Stricter Drunk Driving Laws. The Distilled Spirits Council echoed that sentiment. \We join with other organizations, including those engaged in traffic
Ben Bernanke Optimistic About Future Innovation In Commencement Address. \Nobody really knows; as Berra also astutely observed, it's tough to make predictions, especially about the future. But there
The Most Popular American Brands In China. By 2030, roughly two-thirds of the world\u2019s middle class will be in the Asia Pacific region, largely in China, according to
France Taxed Some Wealthy Households More Than They Made In 2011. Les Echos reported that nearly 12,000 households paid taxes last year worth more than 75 percent of their 2011 revenues due
Jobseekers. There has been a significant amount talk about the candidate experience for the last several years among those responsible for hiring or those who are part of the hiring process. It is an ongoing discussion that never seems to yield a very good answer but always stirs up a bit of a response and then fades quickly to black.
Reflections of a Modern Thailand. There is an urgency to make things happen in Thailand -- a sense that some of the past political disruptions may be a thing of the past. They have moved far beyond the \domino that refused to fall\ during the Cold War.
Bangladesh To Raise Minimum Wage For Garment Workers. Meanwhile, criticism of Bangladeshi working conditions has the government there worried that some retailers may pull out
Preparing to Live in That Unknown Country. Are Google's driverless car and Siri just the beginning for applied machine intelligence/Big Data? Automated trucks, for example, could eliminate millions of jobs. Will this type of automation be good or bad -- economically and socially? How will it transform society?
Workers Taking The Most Sick Days. Sick days are estimated to cost the U.S. economy $84 billion each year. According to the latest data released in a joint
Good Governance Requires Dimon to End Dual Roles at J. P. Morgan Chase. Breaking up the biggest banks because they are perceived as \too big to fail\ is unrealistic.  What is needed, however, are improvements in the transparency and the accountability of governance in these institutions.
Half Of College Grads Work Jobs That Don't Require A Degree. A separate study by the Center for College Affordability and Productivity from earlier this year also found that around half
Moms Working At Walmart Earn Less Than They Need To Feed Their Kids. Although Fletcher's husband works full-time, the couple also qualifies for California's medical welfare program, which pays
Federal Reserve 'In Touch' With Bloomberg On Potential Client Data Access. WASHINGTON, May 11 (Reuters) - The Federal Reserve said on Saturday that it was seeking information from Bloomberg LP about
Bloomberg Terminal Spying Targeted Ben Bernanke, Tim Geithner. Bloomberg CEO Daniel Doctoroff admitted that it was a \mistake\ to give journalists access to client data. The company announced
Saving Fannie and Freddie -- Part II. The FHFA just announced that it will no longer allow Fannie and Freddie to purchase or guarantee so-called \non-qualified\ mortgages with more than 30 years amortization or that have interest only payments, among other restrictions.
Some Financial Advisers May Have PTSD Following 2008 Crisis. PTSD was defined in the study as a disturbance that \must last for over one month and cause significant impairment in one's
DOJ Launches Probe Against U.S. Barclays And Ties To Saudi Prince. A prominent member of the Saudi royal family is at the heart of a US criminal probe into whether Barclays made improper payments
Reshma Begum, Rescued Bangladesh Factory Worker, Reunites With Family. On April 2 this year, Begum found a job at New Wave Bottoms, a garment maker on the second floor of Rana Plaza, the doomed
Lois Lerner, Senior IRS Official, Admits Not Being 'Good At Math' (AUDIO). In a conference call with reporters on Friday, senior Internal Revenue Service (IRS) official Lois Lerner admitted she wasn't
Bloomberg CEO. May 11 (Reuters) - After reports that users of the company's financial terminals were investigating potential leaks of confidential
What About Good Debt Advice?. Debt relief companies are not in the advice business. They are in the widget selling business. Rather than independently
Dimon May Leave JPMorgan Chase If Dual Role Is Split. Proxy advisory firms Institutional Investors Services and Glass Lewis & Co said that the losing \London Whale\ derivatives
American Apparel CEO Dov Charney On Bangladesh. Advertising watchdogs also have criticized American Apparel for its overtly sexual marketing tactics, and Charney has faced
8 Companies That Owe Their Employees A Raise. Click here to see the companies that owe employees a raise From 24/7 Wall St. Does a public company have an obligation to
Payday Loans Cost Economy $1 Billion And Thousands Of Jobs, Study Finds. The study says that the burden of repaying the loans resulted in $774 million in lost consumer spending and 14,000 job losses
6 Ways To Tell Lies From Statistics. 4. Don\u2019t fall into the trap of thinking about an empirical finding as \u201cright\u201d or \u201cwrong.\u201d At best, data provide an imperfect
Whose Brand Is It, Anyway?. \No, but that reinforces the idea that he's behind the curve where LinkedIn is concerned and he's freaked out about that
We Have Lost Sight of the Real Ticking Bomb on the Korean Peninsula. There is, indeed, a bomb waiting to go off on the Korean Peninsula, but it is not of the Kim Jong-un's making.  Seoul and its allies in the U.S. and elsewhere must give equal -- if not greater emphasis -- to the very real and complex crisis that might cause the Korean economic miracle to implode.
10 Cities With The Worst Traffic. INRIX, a traffic information and services group, collects data for individual road segments. In its 2012 Traffic Scorecard
What's the Future of Retail Banking?. With the rise in technology and the changing nature of how people shop for financial products, has your local bank branch become irrelevant?
Fed-Funded Program Preps New Orleans Workers For Streetcar Expansion. Croffitt said \the job offers we received were based on attendance and performance in class.\ He's happy to work on buses
America's Youth Nonemployment Rate Is One Of The Worst Of Wealthy, Large Economies. Of those young people that are employed, many are working in jobs they\u2019re overqualified for. More than 40 percent of those
Pizza Receipt Shows Intense Vancouver Hockey Fan Canceled Pick-Up Because Game Was Tied (PHOTO). h/t MSN A picture of the receipt, posted to the r/funny subreddit Saturday by BrandiBean, apparently shows what happens in
How do I bring up relocation expense on my job interview?. Dear Liz, Congratulations on the interview! You were correct not to bring up relocation at a first interview. I don't recommend
Bangladesh Agrees To Plan To Improve Worker Conditions After Factory Collapse. Bangladesh\u2019s government, employers and workers have agreed to a plan with the International Labour Organization that would
Googazon. Will the next Richard Stallman, Linus Torvalds or Jimmy Wales please step forward? Because I don't want information at my fingertips -- I want action at my fingertips, and I mean my fingertips.
Mohammed Sohel Rana, Bangladesh Factory Owner, Faces Murder Complaint As Death Toll Rises To 622. \If they are found guilty of these killings they will get the highest punishment - capital punishment,\ said Abdul Huq, a
Larry Summers. The extrapolation from past experience to future outlook is always deeply problematic and needs to be done with great care
Bangladesh Collapse Shows Safety Audit Shortcomings. Worker advocates say coaching from supervisors is a widespread problem in Bangladesh. Sumi Abedin, a survivor of the Tazreen
Does Rate Shopping Hurt Your Credit? An Interview With the Experts (Part 2). Consumers face a \catch-22\ situation when it comes to loans. On the one hand, it's important to shop around to get the lowest interest rate you can. On the other hand, there's the perception out there that shopping around for loans too much will hurt your credit.
Flammable or Inflammable. \Inactive\ means not active; \\incapable\ means not capable; \inseparable\ means not separable; and on and on the examples go.  It doesn't make sense that \inflammable\ means flammable. But we need to keep in mind that it's not always easy to translate one language accurately into another.
10 Popular Retailers With Dark Labor Histories. Promoting a socially responsible image is one way brands try to up their cool. But do brands really sacrifice their bottom
Warren Buffett, Berkshire Hathaway Board 'Solidly In Agreement' On Successor. By Jonathan Stempel and Jennifer Ablan \It feels like a 2 percent economy. If we want to see GDP click up to 3.5 percent
Niall Ferguson. In 2012, Ferguson was roundly criticized for an article he wrote for Newsweek on President Barack Obama's administration
Bangladesh Asks European Union Not To Take Punitive Measures Over Factory Collapse. (Adds detail) By Ruma Paul and Serajul Quadir DHAKA, May 4 (Reuters) - Bangladesh urged the European Union on Saturday not
Benetton On Bangladesh Tragedy. Then, on April 30, Benetton said that one of its suppliers had \occasionally subcontracted\ orders from one of the manufacturers
America's Most Profitable Products. Successful companies frequently rely heavily on just one product for the majority of their sales and profit. That\u2019s true
Paul Krugman Responds To Critics. For his part, the left-leaning Krugman has called deficit hawks \u201cremarkably foolish,\u201d and he\u2019s gotten the chance to double
The 9 Most Common Airplane Accidents. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) announced last week it would be closing nearly 150 air traffic control towers around
Austerity Having A 'Devastating Effect' On Health, Researchers Find. \The harms we have found include HIV and malaria outbreaks, shortages of essential medicines, lost healthcare access, and
Report. A senior executive in the inner circle of JPMorgan Chase's chief executive, Jamie Dimon, is leaving the nation's largest
Fraudulent Unemployment Benefits Payments Totaled $3.3 Billion In 2011. The U.S. government paid out billions in unemployment benefits to people who were actually working, a new report finds, sparking
Financial Literacy Is the Best Gift. We are wary of used cars salesmen, but how conscious are we of the fact that almost everything we buy is sold to us by a commission-based broker who wins when they convince us to buy more than we came to purchase?
Greece Approves Release Of $8.9 Billion In Rescue Funds, Paving The Way For More Government Layoffs. Following parliament's approval, senior euro zone officials will meet on Monday to approve overdue payment of 2.8 billion
How Big Data Can Help You Find A Job. WHEN the e-mail came out of the blue last summer, offering a shot as a programmer at a San Francisco start-up, Jade Dominguez
Here's How To Tax Marijuana. It's been nearly six months since voters in Colorado and Washington legalized marijuana for recreational use. Read more on
Happiest Cities For Young Professionals. \u201cCalifornia is home to some of the best universities and largest technology companies in the world,\u201d says Matt Miller, chief
Mohammed Sohel Rana, Bangladesh Factory Owner, Arrested As Death Toll Climbs. The main opposition, joining forces with an alliance of leftist parties which is part of the ruling coalition, called for
This FAA Sequester Vote Doesn't Smell Right. Is this bipartisan support to mitigate one of the noxious effects of sequestration? Or is it papering over the high-visibility stuff that affects the affluent while lots of other budget bleeding goes on beneath the radar?
How to Read the Week's Economic and Market Signals. Expect next week's policy meetings to signal that central bank stand ready to step in, once again, to maintain the disconnect between buoyant equity markets and sluggish economic conditions -- not as an end in itself but, given Congressional dysfunction, as virtually the only way today to support economic activity (and it is rather imperfect as the expected benefits come with growing costs and risks). Look for the Federal Reserve to alter the thrust of its policy narrative. Rather than advance its prior emphasis on tapering its monthly $85 billion purchases of market securities, it will seek to reassure markets by iterating its willingness to do more if needed. Across the Atlantic, the European Central Bank will face increasing pressure to cut its interest rate (currently at 0.75%) and liberalize the collateral requirements it imposes -- both meant to loosen monetary conditions.
Disney World Fights Against Paid Sick Days For Florida Employees. Family organization MomsRising.org is spearheading efforts to fight back. The group claims that this week, Disney World refused
At Least 2 Bangladesh Factory Owners, 4 Others Arrested After Building Collapse (UPDATED). Rana is accused of ignoring warnings that the complex was unsafe, and of adding extra floors to the building without the
Dove's Fake New 'Real Beauty' Ads. Zamora says he sketched about 20 women over two and a half days. Only seven made it into the video, and only three of those
10 Universities That Receive The Most Government Money. Click here to see the 10 universities. 24/7 Wall St.
American Cities With The Worst Health Coverage. These are the cities with the worst health coverage, according to 24/7 Wall St.
Free-Market Economics Supporters Less Likely To Believe In Science. People who endorse free-market economics -- an economic theory that argues the markets regulate themselves and work better
How A Baseball Player's Company Left One State In Ruins. You have to imagine what it was like being Don Carcieri in the harsh winter of 2010. As Rhode Island's governor, a Republican
Koch Brothers Set Their Sights On Controlling The Media. Three years ago, Charles and David Koch, the billionaire industrialists and supporters of libertarian causes, held a seminar
Derrick Hurtt, West, Texas Resident, Describes Plant Explosion. Hurtt told the Today Show Thursday that he and his daughter, who can be heard screaming in the video, suffered no permanent
World Bank Sets 'Expiration Date' For Extreme Poverty. Kim has said more emphasis should be on helping fragile and conflict-hit countries. New figures released by the World Bank
EBay Aims To Recruit More Than 40 Million Users To Help Fight Online Sales Tax Law. The legislation includes an exemption for merchants that generate less than $1 million in annual out-of-state revenue. If
Life Lessons About Money and Happiness. When you think about it, almost all of us have our own \lotto moment.\ We make decisions about money that will either give us long-term security and happiness or bring on pain and regret.
Marijuana's Per-Ounce Production Price Could Drop To 62 Cents If Drug Is Legalized. As you sit back, relax and inhale the doobius holiday that is 4/20, remember this
The 19 Most Stoner Product Ideas Of All Time (PHOTOS). Every so often, there comes along a product so revolutionary, so original, so genius, that you're forced to consider if the
Legalizing Marijuana Would Generate Billions In Additional Tax Revenue Annually. The federal legalization of marijuana would offer a large new revenue stream, according to research from the Cato Institute
West Fertilizer Co. Failed To Disclose It Had Unsafe Stores Of Explosive Substance. In its RMP filings, West Fertilizer reported on its storage of anhydrous ammonia and said that it did not expect a fire or
How The 'World's Worst Bank', Royal Bank Of Scotland, Is Trying To Save Itself. Rory Cullinan runs the world\u2019s worst bank from a fifth-floor office overlooking Liverpool Street station in London. His 400
Part-Time Workers Continue To Struggle To Get Full-Time Jobs. The American economy has generated 30 straight months of job growth. But for millions of people looking for more work and
Jeff Bauman, Boston Marathon Bombing Hero, Receives Over $360,000 In Online Donations. His actions may have been vital in helping police catch the Boston Marathon bombing suspects, even after the attacks both
Texas Plant Explosion Reveals Wide Gaps In Workplace Safety Laws. Investigators have descended on West, Texas, to assess the company's role in the disaster, which raises another common gripe
America's Least Free States. The gun control legislation that failed to make it through Congress earlier this week once again highlighted the ongoing
Countries With The Highest Unemployment. The U.S. unemployment rate continues to tick down, hitting a more than four-year low of just 7.6% in March. In much of Europe
Ben Bernanke To Skip Jackson Hole, Marking The First Time A Chairman Has Missed The Summit In 25 Years. This year's meeting would have been viewed as an excellent opportunity for Bernanke to signal that the central bank might
10 Most Horrifying Things Landlords Have Ever Done (PHOTOS). First of all, just the word is off-putting
Tax Day Deals 2013. Is your wallet feeling a little thin after submitting your taxes? Haven't gotten your refund yet? Several national food chains
Cities Where Americans Don't Feel Safe. According to polling service Gallup, 72% of Americans surveyed in 2012 said they felt safe walking home at night. This is
8 Ways Singles Pay More on Tax Day -- And Every Other Day, Too. The singles penalty in income taxes is just the beginning of the ways in which single people pay extra simply for being single. In fact, if you are single, every day is tax day.
How Mortgage Servicing Has Come to Resemble Professional Wrestling (But Not As Much Fun). As a long-time fan of professional wrestling I've come to see how much of mortgage servicing resembles what goes on in the ring.  Like wrestling the servicing business is full of \works,\ \gimmicks,\ \heels and baby faces,\ so let me explain.
China's Middle Class Sparks High Demand For U.S. Fur. \We had over 700 registered buyers and the majority were from China,\ said Nancy Daigneault, communications director for
9 Embarrassing Logos That Make Us Uncomfortable (NSFW PHOTOS). There are embarrassing logos, and then there are embarrassing logos. The nine found below reside firmly in the latter category
America's Fattest Cities. Click here to see America\u2019s fattest cities 24/7 Wall St. reviewed the 11 metropolitan statistical areas with the highest
Are Billionaires Just Smarter Than Everyone Else?. There is one caveat to the theory. The study measures cognitive ability by attendance at 29 selected \elite colleges,\ which
Scott London, KPMG Partner Accused Of Insider Trading, Lied About Baseball Career. \u201cThat was written a couple of years ago,\u201d Meyers told The Huffington Post. \u201cNo one has found it interesting until now.\u201d Mark
Breaking the Rules to Do Things Right. Pricing for professional services isn't easy. You can charge too little, charge too much or charge for the wrong thing. I've done all three.
Jamie Dimon Facing Increased Pressure Over Chairman Role After Weak First-Quarter Results. Worse still for Dimon, the bank's relationship with regulators has deteriorated in recent years, and JPMorgan's board blames
Tax Code Altered More Than Once Per Day On Average Since 2001. To contact the writer of this article
Famed Economist Mark Zandi Is A Front-Runner To Replace Edward DeMarco As FHFA Head. Liberals take issue with DeMarco's decision to block Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac from reducing loan principals for borrowers
Most Employers Won't Drop Health Care Coverage Because Of Obamacare. Still, those businesses seem to be outliers. Nearly 90 percent of employers don\u2019t plan to shift full-time workers to part
Paul Krugman. Though there are many enthusiasts cheering the rise of the virtual currency, bitcoin, experts already declared similar products
9 Ways American Offices Are Still The Same As The Mad Men-Era Workplace. It's been more than 40 years since the era of hard-drinking and workplace sexism depicted on AMC's Mad Men. But despite the
U.S. Gas Prices Fell Over The Past Two Weeks. Of the cities included in the survey, Billings, Montana, had the lowest gas price at $3.33 a gallon, while drivers in Chicago
CEO Perks Packages Rose In Value By 18.7 Percent In 2012. Still, there are some companies willing to curb their executives' perks. Struggling Chesapeake Energy cut CEO Aubrey McClendon\u2019s
IMF Head Christine Lagarde Warns Monetary Policy Alone Will Not Fix Struggling Economies. Lagarde said fiscal problems in developed nations such as Japan and the United States marred the global economic recovery
CEO Pay May Be Down, But Private Jet Use Is Up. RELAX. Sit back. And forget, for a moment, those pesky shareholders and bothersome boards, the regulations, the investigations
Arianna Talks Jobs Crisis On ABC's 'This Week' (VIDEO). \This is a real jobs crisis and the urgency of the jobs crisis is not reflected in the president's budget. There's a real
The 9 Cities Where Renting Makes No Sense. The housing market is showing signs of significant recovery. In January, home prices rose 8.1% from the year before -- the
Paul Krugman, David Stockman Spar Over Federal Reserve Policy (VIDEO). Krugman criticized the op-ed, calling Stockman a \u201ccranky old man,\u201d and referring to the piece as \u201cjust a series of gee-whiz
McDonald's Cozies Up To Congress To Preserve Tax Breaks. WASHINGTON \u2014 Restaurant chains like McDonald\u2019s want to keep their lucrative tax credit for hiring veterans. Altria, the tobacco
Is New Technology Destroying Jobs?. Big corporations, especially big monopolistic corporations, tend to carry labor-saving technology too far. They automate too soon and too much. The reasons are pretty obvious once you think about it.
Hey, They Are Stretching the Truth Way Too Far. I was struck by what came out of the Troika this week after it finished negotiating the program with the authorities in Cyprus. This is not the first time officials bungle an element of the Cypriot rescue.
Billions in New Credit Card Debt Represents Clear Impetus for Change. Responsible credit card use is a recipe for saving money, considering the lucrative rewards, 0 percent rates, and fraud protections that are available. The thing is, of all the words in that sentence, \responsible\ is both the most important and the most likely to be ignored.
Think of Others If You Want Bigger, Better Ideas. Struggling with a tricky problem? Pass it on to someone else. Sounds tempting? Here are a number of reasons why it might be your best course of action.
IRS Refund 2013. Remember
The Problem With Victoria's Secret's Marketing. It's not that thongs meant for young women emblazoned with phrases like \Call Me\ and \Feeling Lucky?\ are entirely shocking coming from Victoria's Secret, but more that they insisted on comparing our young daughters to objects and things in order to sell them this lingerie.
JPMorgan Chase Board Members Pushing Shareholders To Keep Jamie Dimon As Chairman. JPMorgan Chase is working behind the scenes to avert a major potential embarrassment. In anticipation of a crucial vote at
The Different Types of Conference Speakers. There are pros and cons to using all types of speakers. Understanding them helps conference organizers make necessary tradeoffs, striking the balance between cost and quality.
Employers Adopt Stricter Health Care Policies In Face Of Surging Costs. Workers at tire manufacturer company Michelin could miss out on reducing their deductibles by up to $1,000 if they show unhealthy
10 States Making The Most On Beer. Most states rely on a relatively small number of industries for much their employment and economic activity. The industries
284,000 College Graduates Had Minimum-Wage Jobs Last Year. About 284,000 Americans with college degrees were working minimum wage jobs last year, according to the Wall Street Journal
Success From Understanding History. Most people are afraid of change. They want affirmation from \what everyone else is doing\ and don't want to spend the time and effort to keep on educating themselves. I've been as guilty of that as anyone.
Crafting the Cyprus Deal. The role of the Troika in bailing out governments and banks is nothing new, but the solutions put forward by EU leaders to improve the Cypriot crisis seem to be founded on little foresight, and without regard for the tragic mistakes of the past few years.
The Other Hazard of Hydraulic Fracturing -- Silica in the Air. This week, NPR broadcast an interesting report about a researcher who has been studying health effects on workers on frac crews. Not familiar with hydraulic fracturing, he expected to find the workers exposed to toxics in drilling fluids when he want on location. What he found was very different.
David Stockman, Ex-Reagan Budget Director. A former adviser of Ronald Reagan has some choice words for George W. Bush. Stockman, also a former Republican congressman
Staggering Cost Of Work Hazards Revealed. TAYLORSVILLE, N.C. -- Sheri Farley walks with a limp. The only job she could hold would be one where she does not have to
America's Most Miserable Cities. According to a recent study, the city with the most content residents in the United States is Lincoln, Neb. The city with
Meet The Man Who Lost $25 Billion In One Year. A year ago, Eike Batista was Brazil's richest man, and his goal of climbing to No. 1 in the world seemed within reach. Read
7 States That Are Running Out Of Water. From 24/7 Wall St.
Murky Waters in Allentown. Open government and transparency are essential pillars of a functioning democracy. But when governments privatize public services and infrastructure, we too often lose access to information and the tools to hold officials accountable.
Paul Krugman. And as the Atlantic's Elspeth Reeve argues, advocating that rich people should pay higher taxes and then buying an expensive
Cyprus Residents Say Country Facing Worst Crisis Since 1974 War. 'Troika' has become a dirty word in the euro zone's debt-laden southern states, referring as it does to the trio of lenders
Cyprus President Nicos Anastasiades Threatened To Resign, Source Says. * Cyprus nearing Monday deadline to seal EU bailout PARLIAMENT It was far from certain that a majority of lawmakers would
Cyprus Meeting With Eurozone Officials Delayed, As Crucial Deadline Nears. BRUSSELS, March 24 (Reuters) - Euro zone finance ministers delayed by two hours a Sunday evening meeting intended to help
The Least Satisfying Professions. Where you work can be an excellent predictor of your health, happiness and stress levels. A recent Gallup poll demonstrates
Cyprus Limits ATM Withdrawals At Biggest Banks, As Panicked Savers Race To Drain Accounts. NICOSIA, March 24 (Reuters) - The central bank in Cyprus imposed a 100-euros per day withdrawal limit at cash machines for
Saving Cyprus' Economy 'A Very Difficult Task' For President, Officials Say. The reports said the Cypriot government was resisting. Finance Minister Michael Sarris spoke of \significant progress\ in
Deutsche Bank Could Pay $390 Million Over Claims It Violated U.S. Sanctions On Iran. Without specifying its sources, magazine Der Spiegel said the money set aside could be a sign U.S. investigations of possible
The Rise And Fall Of The Stapler. DO you have a stapler? If you do, maybe it\u2019s a little dusty in this age of PDFs. Read more on The New York Times
The States With The Biggest Lotto Jackpots. The odds of winning millions in the lottery are extraordinarily low. When the Powerball jackpot reached $587 million in late
10 Banks Foreclosing on the Most Homes. Despite not being directly on the hook for the majority of the losses incurred when a home enters foreclosure, these servicing
Half Of Americans Want To Break Up Banks That Are Too Big To Fail. According to a new poll by Rasmussen Reports, 50 percent of Americans want the government to break up the country's big banks
Cyprus, EU/IMF Lenders Agree To Bank Tax On Large Deposits. NICOSIA, March 23 (Reuters) - Cyprus has agreed with EU/IMF lenders a 20-percent levy on deposits over 100,000 euros ($130,000
A Labor Leader and a Banker Walk Into a Boardroom. Take a retired banker, a farmworker organizer, a children's advocate and an economist. It's not a joke, it's a description of some of the people who help me figure out how to create an Ohio economy that works for all.
Wall Street May See Opportunity In Marijuana. BELVIDERE, N.J. \u2014 Amid the whir of fans and the glow of soft white light, workers tended to bright green seedlings sprouting
JPMorgan Board's Abject Failure of Oversight. In a classic example of crony board behavior, in spite of the grossly embarrassing Senate hearings highlighting massive fissures in JP Morgan's trading oversight and management, the Board of Directors said on Friday they would continue to support Mr. Jamie Dimon as BOTH the bank's Chairman and Chief Executive.
March Madness Watchers To Cost Businesses $134 Million In Just The First Two Days. Despite the apparent prevalence of tournament watching, Challenger said employers are making a good, albeit expensive, long
Universal Entertainment Corp. Blames Ex-Employees For Making Alleged Bribes Amid FBI Probe. A PAGCOR lawyer assigned to the case helped broker an agreement in November 2009 under which Asiaworld gave Eagle I Landholdings
Malls Using Medical Centers, Government Offices To Lure Shoppers Away From The Internet. \Landlords fear cannibalizing sales but in 10 to 15 years they won't have a choice because they will be cannibalized anyway
Paul Krugman. If lawmakers reject the deal, it could send Cyprus into bankruptcy and perhaps push it off the Euro, according to Reuters
Cyprus Bank Levy Shakes Europeans' Faith In Savings. \We must all together raise a shield to protect the peoples (of Europe) from Ms Merkel's criminal strategy,\ said Tsipras
Cyprus Bank Tax Fallout. Cypriot bank depositors will be required to forfeit part of their savings under a deal brokered by euro zone finance ministers
Michael Mudd, Ex-Kraft Executive. (Click over to The NYT to read Mudd's full op-ed) Mudd argued in the op-ed that limits like Bloomberg\u2019s proposed plan are
Buffalo Wild Wings' Secret To Success. In order to best manage the flow of beer in and out of its restaurants, the company has instituted a three-layered system
How to Turn the Ordinary Into the Extraordinary!. If you had the ability to take something you hate to do and through simply shifting your perception or procedure learn to love it... what freedom do you feel that will provide for you in your life and business? How would it affect your personal life?
How Colleges Are Failing Low-Income Students. Most low-income students who have top test scores and grades do not even apply to the nation's best colleges, according to
The States That Drink The Most Beer. Total consumption of beer in the U.S. has fallen for the third straight year, according to a report published by the Beer
10 Countries That Hate America Most. To determine the countries that hate America most, 24/7 Wall St. relied data from The U.S.-Global Leadership Project, a partnership
JPMorgan Faces Increased Legal Threat Following 'London Whale' Scandal, Experts Say. Barring a major change in approach by the Justice Department, a criminal prosecution is highly unlikely, the experts told
Richard Fisher Says Too-Big-To-Fail Banks Need To Be Broken Up. \These institutions operate under a privileged status that exacts an unfair tax upon the American people,\ he said on the
Healthy Food 'Not Our Personality,' Says Fast Food CEO. Fast food can have a lot of calories and one CEO isn't afraid to keep in that way. Andy Puzder, the CEO of CKE Restaurants
10 Companies With The Best Reputations. MarketWatch
NYSE Readying Plan To Run Without Humans In Case Of Disaster. NYSE Euronext is preparing to submit details of the plan to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, according to the
Paul Krugman Accuses Republican Senator Ron Johnson Of Using 'Non-Facts' In Social Security Debate. During a heated Roundtable discussion on \u201cThis Week with George Stephanopoulos,\u201d the Nobel Prize-winning economist and New
The Companies With The Worst Customer Service. Customer satisfaction with retailers is at an all-time high. However, while the industry improved overall, according to the
Paul Krugman. Krugman defended the book on \u201cThis Week with George Stephanopoulos\ Sunday. In addition, women face unconscious stereotypes
Gas Prices Drop For The First Time In 2013. \It was practically in the cards that retailers would be able to pass through price cuts to motorists,\ Lundberg said in
Bank Pay Rose In 2012 Despite Cutback Efforts. But banks baulk at the suggestion they are paying staff more, saying things are more complex than the figures suggest. That
How Horsemeat Is Dividing Europe. OLOMOUC, Czech Republic \u2014 For Zuzana Navelkova, it was just another day at the office. She showed up for work last month
The Benefits Of Sitting In Traffic Revealed. Drivers spent more time on congested roads in December, January, and February than in the same months a year earlier, according
10 Things Online Reviewers Won't Say. Why consumers can\u2019t trust five-star ratings \u2014 or nasty complaints. Read more on MarketWatch
Retirement Planning. Everyone has a different opinion on exactly how much you should save for a stress-free retirement. Even the experts argue
10 Companies Profiting Most From War. In addition, the U.S.\u2019s involvement in conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan have wound down significantly. The last American
Stress Test Results Raise Questions Over Federal Reserve's Ability To Assess Big Banks. HBEAT-MESSAGE @ 2013-03-11 18:43:03 +0000. Generated from NTM heartbeat by HTCP-JANMDN01B.
Telework's Snow Ball Fight. With Telework Week 2013 ending on a high note, we now look at what we learned from the initiative and how we can improve even more.
Don't Ask A Millennial -- Hire One. Today being authentic actually means you have to be naturally authentic. So make the Millennial consumer the manager, but not just with titular influence -- put them at the center of the strategy and the campaign. If it's for Millennials it should be by Millennials.
Diane And Kerry Carmichael Win Lottery For Second Time. \u201cGood things come in threes,\ she told azfamily.com. \Two down, one to go.\u201d None of the above can compare to the winning
Wells Fargo Typo Victim Dies In Court. On the morning of Dec. 19, 2012, in a Torrance courtroom, Larry Delassus' heart stopped as he watched his attorney argue
New FTC Study. For years there's been an ongoing debate about accuracy of credit reports. Various studies have claimed that 3 to 25 percent of reports contain errors. Can credit report errors be a big deal? Yes, absolutely.
Life Lessons on Finding a Good Adviser. I've blown off plenty of good advice.  I thought I was smart and could figure things out on my own. Wrong. I'm finally starting to learn.
Anheuser-Busch Takes Out Full-Page Ads To Fight Claims It's Watering Down Beer. Beer consumers have filed a proposed class-action lawsuit accusing the company of mislabeling the alcohol content of the
New York Fed Took Money From BofA In Exchange For Testifying On Behalf Of Bank, Documents Show. TWO weeks ago, I wrote a column about a secret agreement struck in July 2012 by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and
The Cities With The Highest Taxes. Tax season is here and, according to a recent report, American families in the nation's largest cities will be shelling out
Paul Krugman. \u201cIn a year \u2014 or more likely in a minute or two \u2014 Republicans would be back, demanding more tax cuts and more cuts in social
100 Facts About The Economy That Will Blow Your Mind. 71. According to a survey by Paola Sapienza and Luigi Zingales, effectively all economists agreed that stock prices are hard
Las Vegas Sands Under Investigation For Corruption, Admits Violations 'Likely'. The filing marks the first disclosure by the casino operator, controlled by founder and billionaire Republican donor Sheldon
Amazon Removes 'Keep Calm And Rape' T-Shirts; Seller Solid Gold Bomb Apologizes (VIDEO). Although we did not in any way deliberately create the offensive t-shirts in question and it was the result of a scripted
10 Fast Food Inventions That Completely Blew Our Minds. Nothing says United States of America like a burger and fries. But sometimes, you just need more. We're talking about turkey
J.C. Penney CEO Ron Johnson Knew Martha Stewart Deal Would Create Conflict With Macy's. Terry Lundgren, the chief executive of Macy's, testified in the trial on Monday that when Martha Stewart told him the night
Ben Bernanke. He noted that a stimulative monetary policy was simply a response to economic conditions, rather than any attempt to keep
Genworth Financial Exploits Obamacare Loophole To Charge Women More For Insurance. Long-term care insurance covers help with daily habits such as eating and getting out of bed, usually for the elderly, the
Jamie Dimon Claims He Tried To Save Lehman Brothers In 2008. Before Monday morning, Lehman had filed for bankruptcy. \u201cJPMorgan did not cut and run but stood by our client,\u201d Barry Zubrow
Why Marissa Mayer Makes Me Mad as a Mom and a Manager. Mayer's decision, ironically, is a huge diss on her own product set. It's like she's saying what Yahoo! offers doesn't deliver when it comes to creating meaningful human exchanges. For that we apparently need to resort to offices cubicles and water cooler encounters.
10 States With The Weakest Unions. 24/7 Wall St.
8 Reasons You Really Want To Win An Oscar. Perhaps those tears are the result of countless hours spent refining theatrical skills in hopes of one day holding a tiny
Red Sox Pitcher Curt Schilling's Bloody Sock Sells For $92,612.50 At Auction. \I'm auctioning these pieces off because I want to take care of my family, my charity, and to turn them over to history,\ Eruzione
Disruption for Mutual Benefit. I am here to tell you that successful disruption need not depend wholly on a winner/loser scenario. In fact, I believe our markets today would be far better served by entrepreneurs who focus on disruption for mutual benefit.
Major Banks Help Shady Lenders Banned By States. Major banks have quickly become behind-the-scenes allies of Internet-based payday lenders that offer short-term loans with
Wall Street Bonuses For Top Employees Dropped 38 Percent Last Year. Bonuses for \u201cfront-office\u201d financial professionals -- or bankers and traders -- declined 38 percent in 2012 from 2011, according
The Recipe for Starting a Business. Like many food startups here in San Francisco, our food and beverage concept resorted to \pop-up\ model to test the marketplace.
What Hollywood Doesn't Want You To Know. At last month's Sundance Film Festival in Park City, Utah, some film financiers met for nachos at the Wasatch Brew Pub to
Six States (And D.C.) With The Highest Gas Prices. Gasoline prices have risen more than 13% during the past month, and the chance that the average price per gallon nationwide
The Price of Gasoline and the Patently Absurd Application of Our Sovereign Immunity Law. We have an anomaly in our courts, irresponsibly supported by the executive and legislative branches of our government, in the manner that our courts interpret Sovereign Immunity and, in turn, its impact on our day to day lives.
Happy Birthday Steve Jobs. If ex-Apple CEO Steve Jobs were still alive, he would be 58 today. Following his death in 2011 from cancer at age 56, major
U.S. Gas Prices Soar With Drivers Paying 20 Cents More Per Gallon. The lowest average price for a gallon of unleaded gas in the 48 contiguous U.S. states was $3.23 in Billings, Montana, and
What Women Know About Leadership That Men Don't. Empathy proved especially difficult for me whenever I felt vulnerable. My instinctive response was to protect myself, most often with aggression. I equated aggression with safety, and vulnerability with weakness. Today, I recognize the opposite is often true.
Bernie Madoff. \u201cThe Banks had to know what I was doing regarding the fraud,\u201d Madoff wrote in the email. Madoff, who was sentenced to 150
Major Banks Aid In Payday Loans Banned By States - NYTimes.com. Major banks have quickly become behind-the-scenes allies of Internet-based payday lenders that offer short-term loans with
Bad News For Veterinarians. HAYLEY SCHAFER chose her dream job at the age of 5. Three years later, her grandmother told her that if she wrote it down
Foreclosure Horror Story. A few days later he received a letter stating that his modification had been denied. The Wells Fargo representative he spoke
The 13 Most Outrageous Job Interview Mistakes. \u201cIn this job market, it can be tough just to get a face-to-face interview,\u201d she says. \u201cWhen the day comes, it\u2019s not uncommon
Buffett-Heinz Deal Sends Urgent Warning To Food Industry To Cut Costs. It is unclear what, if any, other targets 3G might have in mind. Campbell Soup has long been seen as a good candidate, though
9 Mergers That Epically Failed. If failed corporate mergers teach us anything about business, it's that bigger is not always better. Yep, with a 70 to 90
Life Lessons From a Street Wise Guy. My street wise father, Joe McNay, taught me that servers, nurses, plumbers and other support  people can be the most important individuals in your life. Dad died 20 years ago this week at age 59.
Krugman. So, people want me to comment on the Moody\u2019s downgrade of Britain. No real news there. As a guide to the future, ratings
Watchdogs Fear Sequester's Bite. The federal government's Wall Street watchdogs will feel the pinch of sequestration if Washington lawmakers cannot strike
Gerard Depardieu, Actor, Receives Russian Residency Stamp In Quest To Avoid High French Taxes. Located on the river Volga some 620 km (390 miles) east of Moscow, Saransk is the capital of Mordovia, a republic in central
Twyla DeVito, Ohio Bartender, Fired For Calling Cops On Drunk-Driving Customer. (Read what local police had to say about the situation at 10TV News) But while DeVito faces unemployment as a result of trying
Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer Demands Telecommuters Report To The Office. Marissa Mayer, the relatively new CEO of Yahoo, has decided she wants her employees showing up to the offices beginning in
Poland Spring Water Bottles May Be Contaminated By Gasoline. Citing information provided by state health officials, Patch.com reports that \exposure levels are unlikely to result in
The Second-Mortgage Shell Game. IN January, federal regulators announced an $8.5 billion agreement with 10 mortgage servicers to settle claims of foreclosure
10 Richest U.S. Presidents. Click here to see The Ten Richest Presidents By 1850, the financial history of the presidency entered a new era. Beginning
Potential Nominee For Head Of Office Of Management And Budget Could Be Coup For Walmart. Recent reports suggest that President Obama is about to nominate Sylvia Mathews Burwell, the president of the Walmart Foundation
OfficeMax, Office Depot Merger Could Happen This Week. The deal is not yet done, and talks could still fall apart, the Journal reported. An announcement could come as early as
Presidents Day 2013. What better way to celebrate Presidents Day than by taking a closer look at two of America's most treasured leaders. You
Minimum-Wage Haters. Many have praised President Obama's call to increase the federal minimum wage, saying it would help working-class families
Horsemeat Scandal Causing U.K. Consumers To Cut Back On Meat. At a London branch of Britain's biggest retailer, Tesco , which found horse DNA in some of its own-brand frozen spaghetti
Boeing Engineers Union To Vote On Potential Strike Ahead Of 787 Dreamliner Fix. He became SPEEA executive director in 2008, after 10 years at Professional and Technical Employees Local 17, a union representing
The Keystone XL Pipeline, Terrorism and Our National Security. Are we helping to fund a future danger on our northern border, and will the revenues generated by the Keystone Pipeline help to create a condition deeply adversarial to our national security?
Eurozone Banks Relying On Less Crisis Funding. * Divergence gives headache to ECB (Adds details, background, national data) By contrast, Italian banks used the facilities
Studies Show Americans Now Will Be Worse Off Than Parents. For the first time since the New Deal, a majority of Americans are headed toward a retirement in which they will be financially
All Around Pizza Offers 15 Percent Discount To Gun Owners In Virginia Beach (VIDEO). Got a gun? If so, All Around Pizza and Deli will take 15 percent off your order, local news outlet WTKR NewsChannel 3 reported
Companies With The Best (And Worst) Reputations. No company has a better reputation among American consumers than Amazon.com. The online retailer pushed Apple out of the
Paul Krugman. This opinion is a hotly contested one. A 2011 study from the London School of Economics found that higher minimum wages do
JFK Items Hit Auction Block 50 Years After His Assassination. Powers was close to the president throughout his political career, from 1946 until his assassination in 1963. He remained
9 Countries That Actually Love Horsemeat. But when you think about it, is horsemeat really that bizarre? The horsemeat scandal currently plaguing Europe has made even
Bank Of America Back Door Bailout Comes To Light. MANY people became rightfully upset about bailouts given to big banks during the mortgage crisis. But it turns out that they
Raise the Minimum Wage or Cut Low-Wage Taxes?. President Obama just called for an increase in the federal minimum wage from $7.25 to $9.00 an hour. Yet he made no effort to save the \temporary stimulus\ 2% payroll tax cut. So what's better for low-wage workers
Why We Need a Charleston Revival. Today in South Carolina the protest lines are not found on the docks or on campus.  They are found outside call centers with hundreds of workers housed in faceless suburban business parks.
Best Value Private Colleges And Universities. Perhaps surprisingly, three Ivy League schools are listed, and the others' ticket prices aren't cheap. It's because many
Panera Bakers Battle For A Union In A Union-Free World. But according to Dan Wood, the baker who's taken the lead for the unionizing effort in Michigan, Saber's company has imposed
G20 Vows To Avoid 'Currency War', Defers On Debt Reduction. \The mood quite clearly early on was that we needed desperately to avoid protectionist measures ... that mood permeated quite
Pamela Anderson Promoted Company Involved In Alleged 'Pump-And-Dump' Stock Scam. Following a three-year investigation that involved wiretaps, authorities -- led by the U.S. Attorney's Office in L.A. -- indicted
Brendan Kennedy, CEO Of Privateer Holdings, To Invest In Marijuana Industry. BRENDAN KENNEDY received an engineering degree, started a software firm and sold its assets to Boeing, studied for a Yale
Carnival Cruise Lines Has Enjoyed Huge Corporate Tax Breaks. Carnival will be refunding money to the passengers of the ill-fated cruise and offering them a free trip in the future. (\u201cThis
As Obama Confronts Corporate Tax Reform, Past Lessons Suggest Lobbyists Will Fight For Loopholes. John Buckley, the Democrats' chief counsel on the Ways & Means committee at the time, said that Thomas \decided to do some
9 Jobs That Earn Less Than Minimum Wage. In his State of the Union address, President Obama called on lawmakers to increase the federal minimum wage from $7.25 to
America's Most (And Least) Literate Cities. For the third year in a row, Washington, D.C., was rated the most literate city in the United States, with Seattle and Minneapolis
U.S. Airways, American Airlines Reportedly Days Away From $11 Billion Merger. The new American would have a solid presence on the important U.S. East and West coasts and on North Atlantic routes, given
Maker's Mark Reducing Alcohol Content To Keep Up With Demand. Maker\u2019s Mark just got a little less stiff. The bourbon brand, known for its bottles sealed with red wax, told customers today
Game-changing Tips to Fix Email Overload. Here's how I help my clients change email behavior -- starting with their own habits, and help others to do the same.  If some or all of these are done consistently, you can change the game in your organization.
George Will. With his chronically gravelly voice and relentlessly liberal agenda, Sherrod Brown seems to have stepped out of \u201cLes Miserables
Horsemeat Scandal Raises Concerns Over Europe's Food Quality Control. \We seem to be no clearer as to what the source of this contamination is, or whether the supply was ever destined for human
Gas Prices Jump Nearly 25 Cents In Last 2 Weeks. \Now that the wholesale price hikes have accelerated, the need for retailers to raise prices on the street is becoming acute
Is It Really Important to Stabilize the Public Debt? And, If So, When and at What Level?. Suppose, just for entertainment purposes, that we wanted to have a sane, rational, and even informative discussion about what to do about our public deficits and debt -- one that doesn't automatically default to the \hair-on-fire, we're Greece!\ that we too often get from the deficit reduction industry.
Airlines Charging The Highest Fees. (Click here to see the airlines charging the most and least in fees) Hobica explained this makes sense considering the history
Maker's Mark Reduces Alcohol Content To Stretch Low Supply. The move comes in response to concerns the company won't be able to meet rampant demand for Maker's Mark since it's \very
FedEx Pulls Startup Conference Sponsorship Over 'West Memphis Three' Speaker (UPDATED). Sandler didn't expect the conference could go on without FedEx's support, but enough private Memphis-based investors pledged
The States People Are Fleeing In 2013. Moving company United Van Lines released its 36th annual study of customer migration patterns, analyzing a total of 125,000
Scandal-Plagued Bank To Close 'Tax Avoidance' Unit. Barclays is to close down a part of its business which helped clients avoid tax, the BBC understands. Read more on BBC
8 Companies Ruined By Their Founders. That is in addition to the more than $20 million she made over the three years that ended in 2011. Click here to see the
No More Free Milk For 600,000 Poor Women And Children?. Some 600,000 poor women and children will no longer get free milk and cheese, and some 2,100 fewer food inspections will
S&P Executives Off The Hook. You may have heard last week about a couple of big lawsuits brought by federal and state governments, alleging that the credit
U.S. No Longer World's Biggest Trading Nation. China surpassed the U.S. to become the world\u2019s biggest trading nation last year as measured by the sum of exports and imports
5 Quick Fixes for Your Credit Score. Your credit health is kind of like your physical health -- there's no fast lane to a perfect credit score or perfect health; it's a long-term journey. But just like you can make healthy diet and exercise choices today, you can do the same for your credit.
Bill Clinton. The debt problem can\u2019t be solved right now by conventional austerity measures, and that\u2019s why Paul Krugman is right when
Homeowner Can't Reopen Voluntarily Dismissed Foreclosure Case, Despite Claims Bank Falsified Docs. By Jessica Dye NEW YORK, Feb 8 (Reuters) - Florida's highest court has ruled a homeowner cannot re-open a voluntarily dismissed
Governments Promise Punishment Over Horsemeat Scandal. The British unit of frozen foods group Findus began a recall this week of its beef lasagne from retailers on advice from
Target Sports, Michigan Gun Store, Agrees To Stop Selling Targets Wearing Muslim Garb (PHOTO). Although Walid told the Macomb Daily that the \Crazy Bones\ target appeared to have been removed from the Thompson Target
U.S. Postal Service Right To End Era Of Saturday Delivery. Of the 1000 people polled, 55 percent agreed with the decision to end Saturday delivery in order to save money, 31 percent
Report. Under a state law in Arkansas, renters can be imprisoned for failing to pay their rent. According to a report by Human Rights
The Prophetic Work of Barry Lynn. Here's a mystery
Weak Economy, Wrong Debate. Seemingly, President Obama has moved off the deficit-hawk kick that marked his posture in 2010 when he appointed the Bowles-Simpson Commission, and 2011 when he agreed to a budget deal with massive cuts and automatic triggers adding up to about $4 trillion in deficit cuts over a decade. Seemingly, too, the corporate-led \Fix the Debt Campaign\ -- millionaires and billionaires telling the rest of America to tighten its belt for the greater good -- isn't getting a great deal of traction. But despite the sheer unreality of their claims, the austerity lobby keeps winning by defining the terms of debate. Nearly everyone, right, center and left, is arguing about the economic recovery in terms of what the debt-to-GDP ratio should be in 2023. That is the wrong question. The right question is
Paul Krugman. Appearing Sunday on ABC's \This Week,\ the Nobel Prize-winning economist and New York Times columnist first weighed in on
Why Baby Boomers May Be The Group Hardest-Hit By The Recession. Young graduates are in debt, out of work and on their parents\u2019 couches. People in their 30s and 40s can\u2019t afford to buy homes
Central Bankers At Crossroads As Global Economy Continues Sluggish Growth. The bank's economists did acknowledge, however, that the risks to its forecast that rates will stay on hold in 2013 were
Retailers Closing The Most Stores. It is the time of year again, when America\u2019s largest retailers release those critical holiday season figures and disclose
Tomato Deal Reached Between U.S., Mexico, Averting Trade War. By Doug Palmer Mexican Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo said the deal guaranteed Mexican farmers access to the U.S. market
Powerball Numbers February 2. The winning Powerball numbers for Feb. 2, 2013 are 11, 16, 33, 40, 41 and the red number is 34. The jackpot in Saturday's
Best-Paying College Majors Are Mostly In Engineering. In short, while the unfortunate truth for graduates is that the jobs shortage is going to make finding a well-paying job
What Marketers Can Learn From Lance Armstrong. Just because your brand has equity which has been built up over a long period of time, this does not mean its reputation is safe. Reputation can be tarnished in the blink of an eye, often to the point of no return.
SodaStream's Super Bowl Ad Goes Viral After Allegedly Being Banned For Bashing Coke, Pepsi (VIDEO). CBS declined to comment. SodaStream reportedly purchased ad space to air during the fourth quarter of Super Bowl XLVII. According
Chipotle Salary Can Top $95,000 Annually. Chipotle is slightly different than most fast food chains since the company owns 100 percent of its restaurants, eschewing
Lake Erie Correctional Institution, Ohio Private Prison, Faces Concerns About  'Unacceptable' Conditions. Private prison companies such as CCA have pushed for a growing share of the nation's inmate population, promising to save
Americans Eat 1,083,333 Football Fields Worth Of Wings On Super Bowl Sunday And Other Fun Facts. 5. Soda That's enough to buy about 846 tickets to the big game, which are currently going for an average of $2,800 a pop
AR-15 Now The Most Wanted Gun In America. THE phone rings again at Pasadena Pawn and Gun, and a familiar question comes down the line
Postal Service Lawyer Argues Agency Is Immune From Paying Nearly $700 Worth Of Traffic Tickets. A USPS spokesman backed up Breslin\u2019s claim in an interview with USA Today, saying that while Postal Service workers are required
Arianna Discusses The Jobless Generation On CNN's 'Your Bottom Line' (VIDEO). WATCH THE CLIP BELOW (via CNN)
Super Bowl Players Don't Know How Many Companies Are In The S&P 500 (VIDEO). Luckily for players competing in the Super Bowl on Sunday, knowledge of the financial industry isn\u2019t necessary to win the
Medical Company Smith & Nephew Lays Off Almost 100 People, Blames Obamacare. The company is not the first to blame Obamacare for layoffs and other cuts in spending. In November, The Huffington Post
Paul Krugman. And while companies are hiring fewer workers in favor of more machines, they\u2019re squeezing more out of the workers that do
Why We Lie At Work. It's a common observation that the lies and the coverup, not the initial misbehavior, are what take public figures down. You
The Cost Of Immigration Reform Revealed. There's a lot of evidence pointing to the economic benefits of adding more legal immigrants to the economy. What's less clear
Paving the Way for a New Capitalism Based on True Prices. We are standing on the eve of a remarkable evolution of capitalism
Vermont Governor Takes Heat for Warming Up To Wal-Mart. Does Gpv. Shumlin seriously think Vermonters are going to spend more money simply because they have another place to buy Chinese-made underwear? Cutting the retail pie thinner does not create net new jobs.
Derek Jeter Should Stick to Baseball. There have been a lot of publicity stunts to bring attention to climate change. But surely the only thing less effective than global climate summits is having Derek Jeter tackle the issue.
Security of Tenure for the Urban Poor. Nairobi is a thriving metropolis that unfortunately suffers from high levels of inequality and violence. Sixty-five percent of the city's population of 4 million lives in the highly marginalized densely populated slums of the city. In 2007, something remarkable happened.
The Global Supply Chain. The world's supply chain forms the backbone of our global economy, security and health, and the risks it faces are many. What to do?  We cannot plan for precisely how or when, but we can plan for the fact that disruptions will strike.
Wages Recover For Top One Percent, While Stagnating For Most Workers. If you feel the economic recovery hasn't helped your pocketbook much, it's not just your imagination. The annual wages of
Powerball Numbers. There is good news and bad news for those who tried their luck with January 26 Powerball lottery tickets. The bad news is
According to Kids, Coke and the Critics Are Missing the Point. The industry doesn't get it. Not many kids crave Coke or sip it from that iconic bottle because it is 'sugar and fizzy water,' they love or loved Coke because of its marketing.
10 Worst Job Markets In The U.S.. Despite many in the United States still feeling the pinch, there\u2019s no denying that the job market is improving. Last week
Philippe Dubost's Resume Is Pure Genius, Goes Totally Viral (PHOTO). Dubost, a web product manager, built a webpage that is a near-perfect ringer for an Amazon.com product page, with himself
A 'Rotten Twinkie' Is For Sale On eBay (PHOTO). In fact, Twinkies do spoil and have a shelf life of about 25 days, the Washington Post reported. This may come as unwelcome
Krugman. \Yes, there has been some liberalization of the criteria \u2014 if you have multiple interacting conditions or mental illness
5 Principles for Moral Leadership. Benjamin Franklin wasn't above a little \slick PR\ but he believed that the appearance of integrity would inevitably be undone without the reality in support of it.
Are Doctors the Canary in the Coal Mine of Medicine?. High patient volumes, the hassles of Electronic Medical Records (EMR), political uncertainty and changing reimbursement rates are all cited in surveys and online forums as new and increasing sources of stress for doctors.
Breast Cancer Survivor Shows Walmart Employees Scar To Prove Her Identity During Upsetting Ordeal. Chemotherapy had changed her hair color and length, she said, but not her facial features. Still, the employees reportedly
The OCC's Tragic Response to the Frontline Expose. The Frontline documentary begins the process of explaining what we have been saying for years -- neither the Bush nor the Obama administration has been willing to conduct a real investigation of the elite banksters whose frauds made them wealthy and drove the financial crisis and the Great Recession.
Going Down The Road -- In A Car That Drives Itself. Imagine your car taking you from your driveway at home to your office's parking lot without you having to touch the wheel. It would be commuter heaven.
Aurora Health Care Says It Will Lay Off Employees Because Of Obamacare. Aurora isn\u2019t the only one in the health care industry to claim Obamacare is forcing layoffs. Orlando Health, a Florida network
Religious Groups Fight Obamacare Birth Control Mandate. In a flood of lawsuits, Roman Catholics, evangelicals and Mennonites are challenging a provision in the new health care law
America's Most Misleading Product Claims. One of the public interest groups that has been at the forefront of suits related to food or drink and health is consumer
North Carolina Proposal Would Ban Welfare Recipients From Buying Lottery Tickets. North Carolina lawmakers have drafted legislation that would ban welfare recipients and people in bankruptcy from buying
Tax Avoidance Accusations Scaring Away Some Investors From Apple, Google. Tax policy adviser Michael Lewis said the charity planned to publish a guide for investors next month outlining how they
Inaugural Corporate Donors Include Bank Of America, Coca-Cola, Microsoft. Organizations with lobbying arms that are backing the inauguration -- which include labor unions in addition to major corporations
The Best Run Cities In America. The population of the United States living in urban areas is growing faster than the national rate. At last count, more than
How To Shrink Too Big To Fail Banks. IT is a prevailing myth in Washington
It's About to Get Surreal. The gift of Surrealism is its power to suggest alternate realities, realities that defy explanation, that are intensely personal and communal at the same time, realities that are as porous and fluid as our reality actually is.
The Re-emergence of Europe. If we want to create more jobs, Europe has to invest heavily in the growth sectors of the future, be they genetics, nanotechnology or digitalization. This can only be done by strengthening research and innovation throughout the EU.
Meet The Billionaires 'Nobody Knows About'. Not long after Juan Gallardo Thurlow took over PepsiCo Inc. (PEP)\u2019s Mexican bottling and distribution operations in 2011
Warren Buffett. \u201cWhat is right about America just totally dwarfs what\u2019s wrong with Washington,\u201d Buffett told CBS News in a recent interview
Paul Krugman On Joe Stiglitz's Income Inequality Argument. Krugman argues in his blog post that while many of those factors played a role in causing financial crisis, they\u2019ve been
Powerball Numbers January 19, 2013. The Jan. 19 drawing was for a jackpot of $100 million, after no one won in Wednesday's drawing. The lottery is played in
Obamacare 2013. While Republican governors like Rick Perry of Texas and Bobby Jindal of Louisiana may be immovable, Obama needs to keep the
The Re-emergence of Europe. There is no legal framework for a member country to re-establish its own currency or for one member to expel another. Leaving would have far-reaching implications for a country's politics, finances, economy, society and future.
Subway Response To 'Footlong' Controversy. A Manhattan franchise owner told the Post that Subway's bread is not the only thing shrinking. The cold-cut sizes have been
If You Want Older People to Work Longer, You Have to Give Them Jobs. We need people in \human resources\ to realize that you're still \human\ when you're over 50, and to be trained in how to recruit and train employees who are older than them.
Walmart Accused Of Gift Receipt Scam For 2nd Year In A Row. A request for comment from Walmart via email was not immediately returned. However, back in 2011, Walmart spokesperson Lorenzo
Three Reasons Why Non-Foreclosed People Should Care About The Foreclosure Crisis. The best hope, then, is to prevent future crises. Which is reason to pay close attention to whether the financial sector
Timothy Geithner Accused Of Alerting Banks To 2007 Interest Rate Cut For 2nd Time. Geithner said banks \obviously don't have any idea that we're contemplating a change in policy\ - a statement that Lacker
The Dwindling Deficit - NYTimes.com. It\u2019s hard to turn on your TV or read an editorial page these days without encountering someone declaring, with an air of
John Mackey Obamacare Remarks Off-Target In New Way. Continuing an effort to make himself understood to Huffington Post readers, Mackey published an op-ed Thursday extolling
The Worst Run Cities In America. These are the Best and Worst Run Cities in America, according to 24/7 Wall St.
Walmart Assault Weapons Protest Gains Momentum As Hundreds Of Thousands Demand Action. \Since the petition delivery on Tuesday, more then [sic] 10,000 people have taken to Walmart\u2019s Facebook page to register
21 McDonald's Meals You Won't Find In America (PHOTOS). Sick of the McDonald's menu and wish there was more to chose from? You might want to consider becoming a McDonald's tourist
8 Scandals That Make Lance Armstrong's Doping Look Like No Big Deal. Lance Armstrong, he of illegal performance-enchancing drug confessions, has been called a lot of things recently, among them
The 5 Most Hated Companies In America. Many of the most hated companies have millions of customers and tens of thousands of workers. With this kind of reach, keeping
The Most Innovative Companies In The World. This week at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, some of the biggest companies in the world will debut the next generation
Jamie Dimon's Bonus Could Be Hurt By London Whale Loss. JPMorgan\u2019s board will weigh releasing an internal report this week that pins some of the fault for the bank\u2019s \u201cLondon Whale
Companies With Record Layoffs In 2012. Whatever recovery the jobs market posted in 2012, mass layoffs remained impressively high. Dozens of companies each fired
Income Tax Could Be Eliminated By Many Republican-Controlled States. In an interview with Reuters, Laffer said states with lower income tax burdens outperformed those with higher taxes. SINGLE
Paul Krugman. Paul Krugman on Sunday accused the Republican leadership of holding the country hostage. \u201cThe debt ceiling is a fundamentally
Payroll Tax Boost Will Cost The Average Worker $700 Per Year. Paychecks across the country have shrunk over the last week due to higher federal tax rates, and workers are already cutting
Credit Suisse To Slash Its Bonus Pool By 20 Percent In Aim To Cut Costs. A Credit Suisse spokeswoman declined to comment. The creation of a new Credit Suisse scheme comes as banks bow to the demands
The Downside To Low Unemployment. CASPER, Wyo. \u2014 After losing everything last year to Southern California\u2019s soured economy, Tiffany Kipp and her family packed
How Taxpayers Are Paying For BofA's Deal With The U.S.. THE numbers seem eye-popping. So many billions here for supposed mortgage abuses, so many billions there for questionable
Michigan Private Prisons Law Could Reopen Facility With Checkered Past. Private prison corporations such as the Florida-based GEO Group grew in the 1980s and '90s as state prison populations soared
The 15 Greatest Job Titles In The History Of Mankind (PHOTOS). Find the rest of the collection at World Wide Interweb. See, there are a lot of great jobs out there. You simply have to
Top Tips to Protect Yourself From Identity Theft. Identity theft is costly, time-consuming, and can dramatically lower your credit score, making life extremely difficult for many years while you work to correct the problem.
AIG Sues New York Fed... To Secure Right To Sue Bank Of America. Maiden Lane II was created in December 2008 to buy residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS) from AIG and ease liquidity
James Yeager, CEO Who Threatened To 'Start Killing People' Over Gun Control, Backpedals... Sort Of. WSMV Channel 4 INTERVIEWER
Self-Employed Are Canaries in the Mine. It's time to stop kidding ourselves that while corporate productivity, along with wages and other labor benefits shrink, corporations, workers, and the poor can flourish. Giant American corporations are dying as we watch. It's time to stop blaming government too.
Flu Epidemic Means Working While Sick For Workers Without Leave. The U.S. is an outlier among Western nations in that there's no federal law mandating sick leave or vacation. A bill that
10 Cars So Hot They're Out Of Stock. An analysis of cars that sit on dealer lots for the least time finds that they fall into three groups. The first consists
Unemployment. What will bring U.S. back to full employment is a big question among economists.  The problem is that the 155,000 new jobs per month in 2012 isn't enough to either absorb new entrants, or those that have lost jobs. Only the investment of more money grows a sluggish economy.
Secrets And Lies Of The Bailout. It has been four long winters since the federal government, in the hulking, shaven-skulled, Alien Nation-esque form of then
Fiscal Cliff Deal May Cause Wealthy To Curb Spending, Defer Income, Financial Advisers Say. By Jennifer Hoyt Cummings and Jessica Toonkel While these people may be very well-off by any standard, it does not mean that
How Much Your Own Downton Abbey Would Cost. He said owners can offset some of the costs with tax benefits, which help farm owners. But he said the high costs of owning
Why Paul Krugman Should Be The New Treasury Secretary. President Obama hasn't picked a treasury secretary yet for his second term, so he has a chance to do something different
New Year, Same Old Banks. For my New Year's resolution, I want to understand the banks.  I have a scientific curiosity about how these banks work.  The only way I can think of to truly understand the banks is to dissect one of them.
Australia Tobacco Tax. In September, the Australian Associated Press reported that tobacco tax revenue fell by $341 million. The federal government
Editor's Choice Awards 2012. This was a great year for customers looking to get great value from credit cards without racking up debt. Since many consumers continued to live lean in the wake of the recession, credit card companies were obligated to provide more tantalizing deals.
The 5 Least Stressful Jobs Of 2013. \They don't necessarily pay particularly well,\ Lee said. \Salaries on average are higher for the most stressful jobs than
OPEC's Massive $1 Trillion Haul in 2012 While Sowing Jihad. This torrent of money flowing into OPEC, especially into the Persian Gulf States, raises the question how this massive windfall is being put to use other than providing fresh capital for the world's largest sovereign wealth funds, as those of Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and Kuwait.
Fiscal Cliff Deal Brings Business Big Benefits Even As Execs Carp. \They're rather hypocritical about their 'shared sacrifice,'\ said Robert McIntyre, director of the progressive group Citizens
The States That Recovered Most (And Least) From The Recession. December marked the five-year anniversary of the official beginning of the Great Recession \u2014 the most severe economic contraction
Foreclosure Settlement With Major Banks Delayed For Congressional Review. WASHINGTON, Jan 5 (Reuters) - A U.S. congressional oversight panel asked regulators to delay a multibillion dollar mortgage
6 Loans You Can Actually Get & How to Use Them. In return, the borrower pays an interest rate that's usually much lower than for payday, bill-pay or refund anticipation
Did Alaska Tax Liability Play Role in Shell Oil's Drill Rig Fiasco?. Hopes of avoiding millions in state taxes may have faded for Royal Dutch Shell when the clock struck midnight on Jan. 1 and
Retirement Plan Limits Increase in 2013. The IRS announced 2013 cost-of-living adjustments to many of the amounts you and your employer can contribute toward your retirement accounts. Here are highlights of what will and won't change in 2013.
12 Things That Will Be More Expensive In 2013. Dealnews
Fiscal Cliff Deal Dodges Economic Bullet, For Now. That is in line with what many financial firms on Wall Street and around the world have been expecting, suggesting forecasts
Krugman. To make sense of what just happened, we need to ask what is really at stake, and how much difference the budget deal makes
The Best CEOs Of 2012. However, current success does not mean future success is certain, and the best CEOs must also make sure their companies continue
The Biggest Billionaire Scandals Of 2012, According To Forbes. Fitzgerald, consummate chronicler of the haves and have mores, was onto something. Covering the billionaire beat for Forbes
Luitjohan Contractors, Illinois Business, Can Defy Obamacare, Not Cover Workers' Contraception, Court Rules. More than 40 lawsuits are challenging a requirement in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act that requires most
Obama. * Says if necessary first bill of new year will reduce taxes for middle class \Now I think that over the next 48 hours, my
The Real Victims Of Slow Holiday Sales. Several large retailers took a leap of faith on what they thought would be a gangbuster holiday season, hiring more seasonal
Ex-Romney Adviser. IN the continuing fiscal negotiations between President Obama and House Republicans, both sides have, from the very beginning
The Favorite Cars Of America's Wealthy. The top 12 luxury brands accounted for only 10.8% of total U.S. car sales through the first 11 months of this year. But these
The 2012 Predictions That Never Came True. Check out some 2012 predictions that never came true below and click over to CNBC for more
This Political Polarization Is Really Bad for America. As the year comes to an end, dysfunctional Congressional politics continues to dominate the headlines, and rightly so. If left to fester, the related inability of Congress to step up to economic responsibilities would risk being associated with more than just sluggish growth or persistently high unemployment. It would also undermine the ability of many citizens to realize the American dream.
Walmart's Safety Vows At Odds With Reality. When Walmart\u2019s chief executive, Michael Duke, appeared at a Council on Foreign Relations meeting in New York this month, a
It's Time for Cramer to Short His Show. Obviously, Jim Cramer is not always wrong.  He has picked many winners, but overall his record is no better than one you would expect from random chance.
There Is No Santa Claus and Bill Clinton Was Not an Economic Savior. The truth is often painful but nonetheless it is important that we live in the real world. Just as little kids have to come to grips with the fact that there is no Santa Claus, it is necessary for millions of liberals, including many who think of themselves as highly knowledgeable about economic matters, to realize that President Clinton's policies sent the economy seriously off course. In Washington it is common to tout the budget surpluses of the Clinton years as some momentous achievement, as though the point of economic policy is to run budget surpluses. Of course the point of economic policy is to produce an economy that improves the lives of the people in a sustainable way. Clinton badly flunked this test.
Gunmakers, Video Game Companies Quietly Forge Marketing Connection. As Electronic Arts prepared to market Medal of Honor Warfighter, the latest version of its top-selling video game released
Paul Krugman. \u201cThe persistence of the inflationista, eek! deficits! view despite year after year of failure -- and the amazing effort put
Will 2013 Bring Financial Reform?. Here's an odd prediction for the coming year
The Wal-Martyrs of Mexican Bribery. At the conclusion of its lengthy expose of Wal-Mart's bribery campaign in Mexico, the New York Times narrated the story of Emmanuel D'Herrera Arizcorreta, who died in prison as a result of his battles against Wal-Mart. But fellow activists charge that Wal-Mart is responsible for his death.
Reflections for Improving Work Relationships in the New Year. Success is not achieved within a vacuum. We must be able to build healthy relationships with others to achieve any success in business and life. Commit to increasing your ability to build these relationships in the upcoming year!
Walmart Christmas Hours 2012. Walmart is closed on Christmas Day. Most stores will close at 8 p.m. on Christmas Eve, but be sure to check your local listings
NYSE Euronext Sued By New Jersey Pension Fund Over Sale To ICE. NYSE Euronext's stock market businesses are less valuable to ICE, and the company said it will try to spin off the Euronext
What Stores Are Open On Christmas?. The short answer is, not many stores are open on Christmas. Most large retailers -- including Walmart, Target and Kmart -- will
Stores Open On Christmas Day 2012. Most of the nation's largest retailers will be closed Christmas Day. Despite the Black Friday \creep\ that led many stores
Kill the 'Fiscal Cliff' Instead of the Economy. The fiscal cliff was always a terrible job-destroying idea that also began to unravel the safety net by cutting Medicare. Everyone involved in creating the fiscal cliff acted irresponsibly and inhumanely in seeking to inflict austerity, cause a recession, and unravel the safety net.
The States Doling Out the Best (And Worst) Benefits. With the president and Congress attempting to reach a budget deal in an effort to avoid the fiscal cliff, it is likely they
Startup Summer. Building on the successes of its pilot year that saw 12 of 16 student businesses generate revenue, year two of  Startup Summer kicked off in early July 2012.
Is It Time to Make a Bold Move?. Although I am the son of a professional gambler and a lifetime, self-employed entrepreneur, I preach a gospel of being risk-averse when it comes to money. I want people to be secure and have a safety net before they roll the dice on an investment.
A Christmas Carol for Bankers. With the help of three ghosts, Scrooge finally reached redemption by learning to give to others.  As events of the past two weeks have shown, modern bankers have their own ghosts to face
Soledad Corona Gets Help From Occupy L.A. To Return To Her Foreclosed Home For The Holidays (VIDEO). BofA originally foreclosed on the property in 2009, a spokesperson wrote in a Monday email to The Huffington Post. Before
Wealthy Greek Tax Dodgers Escaping Crackdown. Tax evasion is endemic in Greece, making it more difficult for the government to shore up its finances under its 240-billion
Paul Krugman. Back in the 1950s three social psychologists joined a cult that was predicting the imminent end of the world. Their purpose
Behind The Scenes Of One Of The Most Fascinating And Controversial Wall Street Firms. YOU want the headquarters of Steven A. Cohen, one of the most successful financial speculators of our time, to look like
When Prophecy Fails - NYTimes.com. Back in the 1950s three social psychologists joined a cult that was predicting the imminent end of the world. Their purpose
Do You Want to Be Happy at Work? Try Being Funny. Humor in the office is highly under-rated, but there is a very fine -- let me emphasize very fine -- line between when to make a joke and when not to.
For Hedge Funds, It's All in the Game. There are few greater examples of the irrationality of investors than the world of hedge funds. In spite of the historically poor return on investment, money continues pouring into hedge funds.
Should Restaurants Open Christmas? HuffPost/YouGov Poll Finds Most Americans Say No. By a whopping 70 percent-to-22 percent margin, Americans in a new HuffPost/YouGov poll say businesses, in general, should
FBI Investigated 'Occupy' As Possible 'Terrorism' Threat, Internal Documents Show. \This production ... is a window into the nationwide scope of the FBI\u2019s surveillance, monitoring, and reporting on peaceful
Bill Ackman Is Right About Herbalife. Bill Ackman claims Herbalife is a pyramid scheme, and he makes a good case for it. But even if you don't buy his argument, there are other compelling reasons that would make many reasonable people run far and run fast from this company.
The NHL vs. Wal-Mart vs. Congress (vs. Progress). In a way, the NHL conflict is a classic union dispute
Gun Shows Packed As Enthusiasts Rush To Buy Assault Weapons. The Second Amendment to the U.S. Constitution guarantees the right to bear arms, and most gun enthusiasts at the shows on
Men Twice As Likely To Lie About A Death To Get Time Off. When workers do call in sick, 72 percent of their colleagues believe they are faking it, according to the poll of 522 full
How Much Would It Cost To Put Guards With Guns In Every Public School?. The National Rifle Association ended its week-long silence following the horrifying massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School
11 Super Bizarre '90s Toy Fads (PHOTOS). This year, new toys are so lame that we're turning to the '90s for gift-giving ideas, at least according to a report from
Stores Open On Christmas Eve Include Walmart, Best Buy, Target, Among Others. Did you leave your Christmas shopping for the very last minute? Not to worry. America's retailers have got you covered. Here
Employee Issued 5-Page Formal Reprimand For Farting At Work. The 38-year-old, who worked out of a Baltimore office, was hit with a five-page letter detailing the dates and times of his
11 Worst Predictions Of The Year. The Mayans weren't the only ones who got it wrong this year. Here are a few of the worst predictions of 2012. Read more on
5 States With The Most On The Line In The Fiscal Cliff Debates. Ironically the new taxes will have relatively little effect on the detested Romney uber-class, who derive most of their income
8 Smart Uses for a Year-End Bonus. If you just received a year-end bonus, congratulations. With money tight and the economy uncertain, those extra dollars can be hard to come by. Now, how do you use that hard-earned bonus wisely? Here are eight suggestions.
Helping Newtown. Here are some tips on how to avoid charity scams
Behind Bars For Being Poor. The teenager opened her neighbor's unlocked car, grabbed the iPhone off the armrest and ran home, a few doors away in her
'Layaway Secret Santas' Pay Off Accounts Of Families Across The Country. Christmas is still about a week away, but for many Americans, Santa has already come to town. Other secret Santas are doing
Hyundai 2012 Veloster Recall Affects 13,500 Cars. Only cars with manual transmissions are affected by the parking bake recall. NHTSA said it has received 11 consumer complaints
The Efficient Use of Money. While most people would not enjoy the process of analyzing and budgeting expenditures it is something that must be done. The inefficient and useless expenditure of money can be major impediments to accomplishing your financial goals.
Fixing Errors on Your Credit Report. If you've ever tried to remove inaccurate or fraudulent information from your credit report and gotten the runaround, take heart
Holiday Regifting. Still, one may legitimately ask
Taxes. As the current tax year closes and the next tax season approaches, I thought it would be helpful and informative to highlight some past tax statistics and details related to tax filings in general and even some guidance on how you can make the most of this information.
Put Your Money in an Immediate Annuity Instead of a Lump Sum. Taking money over time is a tenet of my faith. I believe in God, the Cincinnati Reds and not taking money in a lump sum.
\u2018Hug Fee' Sparks Controversy At Chinese Kindergarten. While some schools in China may be taking extra steps to ensure that students are hugged, other schools in the U.S. are doing
Federal Employee In Australia Compensated For Injury Suffered During Sex. A PUBLIC servant who was injured while having sex during a work trip has won compensation after a five-year legal battle
National Shooting Sports Foundation, Second Most Powerful Gun Lobby, Headquartered In Newtown, Connecticut. Just across the highway from Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, in a stately white building with an American
UBS Libor Rigging May Cost Bank $1.63 Billion Fine. People familiar with the matter told Reuters on Friday UBS A Finma spokesman said Branson had removed himself from Finma's
The Herald Newspaper Features Huge Gun Ad Next To Story Of Sandy Hook School Shooting (PHOTO). A man at Nichols Store, who would not identify himself, told The Huffington Post on Saturday that the ad placement was \a
America's Disappearing Restaurant Chains. In the past 10 years, some of America\u2019s biggest food chains have lost more than 50% of their sales as they closed hundreds
Obamacare. Also on Friday, Utah Gov. Gary Herbert (R) indicated he opposes allowing the federal government to operate an exchange in
States' Obamacare Decisions Show Entrenched Health Reform Partisanship. CORRECTION
Need A Job? Glassdoor Presents The Best Places To Work In 2013. It's difficult to put a finger on what exactly makes employees happy, but career community website Glassdoor just released
Arlene Magdon, Distant Relative Of Dead Recluse Walter Samasko Jr., Heir To $7 Million Found In Garage. City Clerk-Recorder Alan Glover said it took a month's worth of genealogical research to certify that Arlene Magdon was indeed
Southwest Airlines Settles Lawsuit For 5.8 Million Drink Vouchers. Still, according to the Los Angeles Times, the plaintiff argued that the airline had committed a breach of contract. Southwest
Holiday Tipping Guide. Face it -- you couldn't enjoy your privileges or do your job as successfully without your network of helpers. John Donne's observation that \no man is an island\ is particularly evident at the holidays.
World's Most Expensive Cities For International Residents (PHOTOS). The ECA's findings are consistent with a number of reports that confirm Asia's increasing economic influence worldwide. A
Why Your Credit Score May Be Wrong. Have you been unable to resolve an error on your credit report? We want to hear from you. Email us at money@huffingtonpost.com
Why Santa Doesn't Know If You've Been Naughty or Nice. This year, one of the best gifts you can give yourself for Christmas is an increasing awareness of identity theft. And it's so easy to happen in the hustle and bustle of the Christmas shopping season.
6 Purchases to Buy on Sale This Winter. With so many people holiday shopping this time of year, you might think retailers hold all the cards in the winter, but that isn't entirely true.
Bank Cyber Attack Know As Project Blitzkrieg A Credible Threat. Last fall, six U.S. banks including Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, U.S. Bank, Wells Fargo and PNC were targeted
10 Things You Need to Bring Up During the Interview. The job interview might be the only thing left between you and the position of your dreams. Even when you're the most qualified candidate with references galore, a poor interview performance can leave a lousy impression on a potential employer.
Adipsing Sing, California Resident, Charged Over $2,200 For Phone Bill. Sing temporarily suspended his Vonage service in April -- along with his plan for free international calls -- while he moved
10 Reasons Why You're More Susceptible to Identity Theft During the Holidays. During the holidays, most of us are out to get the best deal and we often choose to shop at a website that has what we're looking for at the cheapest price. Before shopping at an unfamiliar site, always check out the company first. Do they have trust seals to confirm they are legit?
Banking Outlook 2013. Thanks to two major X factors -- the fiscal cliff and new bank capitalization standards -- 2013 could be the most eventful period for the banking industry since the crisis years of 2008 and 2009.  Here are eight key things to watch.
Fiscally Responsible Gifts That Truly Last a Lifetime. As a seasoned financial adviser, it should come as no surprise that knowledge is power -- and that helping your loved ones live the best financial life possible is the noblest gift of all.
Heather Rose, California Mom, Catches $16,000 Mistake On Credit Report. But her problems really began when, according to Rose, Chase refused to deal with her case. Rose then turned to two major
Human Poop Coffee, 'Kopi Luwak Style,' For Sale On Craigslist. The animals' digestive enzymes supposedly give better flavor to the beans, which are then roasted. Prices for the coffee
The Right and Wrong Ways to Finance Holiday Shopping. It's important to avoid a type of retailer-issued financing known as deferred interest because, like procrastination, it could simply delay the inevitable and come back to bite you in the form of hundreds or even thousands of dollars in unnecessary costs.
Paving a Growth Path Thanks to a Pair of Pants. You just made a bold move to save enough money to buy something for yourself. And, without realizing it, you just raised your own gold standard. And with this new gold standard, comes two scary questions -- what's next, and what else do you want for yourself?
Mayor Cory Booker Shines the Light. The more we openly speak about the high cost of unhealthy food and how it particularly effects the poor, the more likely it is that our government, and each one of us individually, will do something about it.
Pet Obituaries Will Mourn Singapore's Most Pampered Animals. Research firm Euromonitor, in a recent report on Singapore's pet care market, said people are spending more on premium pet
Asking Price Gains Accelerate in November, Supassing Rent Increases in Denver, Seattle and San Francisco. In November, asking prices on for-sale homes rose 0.8% month-over-month, for a 3.8% year-over-year increase-the second-largest post-crisis monthly gain (just slightly behind October 2012) and the largest yearly gain to date.
When Overspending Leads to a Financial Hangover. During this time of year, we all get caught up in the spending frenzy and buy things we can't afford. But if we continue to overspend without thinking, it can lead to a very painful financial hangover come the New Year.
Milk Industry In 'Crisis,' As Fewer Americans Drink The White Stuff. Dairy farmers, milk processors and grocery chains are fretting as fewer and fewer Americans drink milk, the Wall Street Journal
Bank Of America's Customer Service Ranking Lags All Other Big Banks. Smaller banks as a group stayed flat with a score of 79 in this year's survey, while credit unions fell 6 percent to 82. Credit
'Cheap' Private Islands For Under $350,000. Just in time for the holiday season, Private Islands Inc. is advertising a series of private islands selling for under $350,000
Allowance on Autopilot. There's a new twist on allowance that has emerged over the past few years
The Real Costs of Obama Tax Hikes. While the semantics of the debate seem purely political, I wondered about the actual implications of an increase in tax rates.
46 Trillion Reasons to Evolve Society Right Now. In the U.S., the 400 richest people now have as much wealth as 185 million people combined, nearly 60 percent of the entire population. Millionaire households have at least $46 trillion in wealth, yet only one-tenth of one percent of the population makes one million dollars a year.
Starbucks Steel Gift Card Fetches More Than $1,000 On eBay. As of Monday afternoon, there were more than 100 steel cards listed on eBay with opening bids starting at $632. The options
The State of Lending. Clearly, there's more work to be done here -- and this doesn't even address the predatory practices CRL will cover in two
Inheritance Taxes Need to Be Raised Substantially. It is noteworthy that neither the Democrats nor the Republicans are proposing increases in the estate tax. As always, the latter are putting forth their usual lame arguments for lowering or eliminating it.
More Santa Clauses Unemployed This Holiday Season (VIDEO). Despite some downtrodden Santas, there are 700,000 temporary seasonal jobs available in retail this holiday season, according
The Beers Americans No Longer Drink. After three years of declining sales, shipments of domestically sold beer are up by more than 1% in the United States this
A DJ's Guide To Partying With Co-Workers. DJs at corporate functions have the best seat in the house to observe employee interactions, which can range from stupid
Wall Street Bonuses Expected To Be Lowest In Years. According to Market Watch, companies who brought in less revenue this year may choose to cut bonuses rather than lay off
Diners Called 'Fat Girls' On Check From Chilly D's Restaurant (VIDEO). When their server returned, the three girls questioned him about the \fat girls\ label, but the waiter denied any wrongdoing
Paul Krugman. \The Ryan budget is full of -- is full of magic asterisks, too. It's not a real budget. It's a fake document. I mean, I'm
Fiscal Cliff Could Put Cash-Strapped Cities At Risk. 'GAME OF CHICKEN' \The thought that they would allow the economic harm that would ensue if we went over the fiscal cliff
Cities Where Everyone Has A Job. These are the cities where everyone works, according to 24/7 Wall St.
How Will Obamacare Affect My Personal Finances?. Lately, Obamacare has been an unavoidable topic. It's covered extensively by the media and is given extra consideration because of the recent election as well as the Supreme Court's ruling on June 28th, 2012 to uphold the law. But how will it affect our personal finances?
Jack Welch Casts Doubt On Jobs Report Again. Welch, the former longtime General Electric CEO, became notorious for implying on Twitter in October that Obama's presidential
Drive For Cheap Goods Implicated In Pakistan Factory Fire. KARACHI, Pakistan -- The century-old Central Jail here, a gritty repository of criminals, jihadists and sectarian killers
SAC Capital Facing Insider Trading Probe Over Weight Watchers Trades. The investigation focuses on trading in Weight Watchers shares in the first half of 2011, when SAC Capital had taken a sizeable
Macy's CEO Terry Lundgren Betrays 'Christmas Spirit,' Says Progressive Group. Lundgren is one of 71 CEOs of public companies in the Fix The Debt coalition, which is lobbying to narrow the deficit by
Chinese Company Wanxiang Wins Auction For U.S. Government-Backed A123. It was unclear if the grant would be transferred to Wanxiang. Wanxiang has had its eyes on A123 for a while. The Chinese
Wind Industry Threatened By Fiscal Cliff, Avoiding Hiring, Laying Off Workers. Republican Chuck Grassley, whose home state of Iowa is a top producer of wind energy, thinks the credit is an important investment
The Most Ridiculous Things To Come Out Of CEOs' Mouths In 2012. CEOs really put their feet (and anything else they could find) in their mouths this year. With the presidential election
4 Steps to Get Your Credit in Check Before Shopping for a Mortgage. Typically, the longer your credit history, the higher your credit score. Many consumers assume closing accounts they're not using makes them look better to lenders, but it can have the opposite effect.
U.S. Consumer Confidence In December Plunges To Lowest Level In Four Months. The survey's one-year inflation expectations rose to 3.3 percent from 3.1 percent, while the survey's five-to-10-year inflation
Bed Bath & Beyond Employee Quits In Style, Blasts Boss On Price Tag (PHOTO). (WARNING
Walmart Shoplifting Suspect Allegedly Shot, Killed By Off-Duty Deputy At Houston Store (VIDEO). \At that point, the deputy opened the door and commanded the driver to stop,\ Deputy Thomas Gilliland told the news agency
How the Fiscal Cliff Could Hurt Your Credit. Falling off the fiscal cliff could mean another recession for the country. Another recession could mean a number of things, including a higher unemployment rate, a slower economy and, of course, more debt. So what does that mean for credit?
Can Debt Be Good For Your Finances?. Is all debt bad? Not necessarily. Certain types of debt are either beneficial or detrimental as we try to improve our finances.
Best Buy Sends Extra iPads In Order, Allows Customer To Keep Them For Being Honest. Unasked for merchandise is one thing, but unwanted weapons are another. In August, Washington, D.C,. resident Seth Horvitz
Why Is Grandma's Walker More Expensive in 2013?. The fiscal cliff talks have distracted many middle class taxpayers from other tax increases due to Obamacare. In other words, the cost of your grandmother's walker may cost more next year!
The 7 Most Expensive Investing \Truisms\ You Must Ignore. Your ultimate goal is good performance with low risk at the end of the day.  Some ETFs might be really inexpensive but who cares if the performance stinks or if they invest in very risky markets?
Most Outrageous Price Tags Of 2012. This past year may not have been the best of times for the global economy, but that didn't stop outrageously overpriced items
Santa's Credit Score is 777. Ever wonder what Santa's credit score looked like?
2013 Living. Americans are deleveraging to reduce their debts to manageable levels. What will they do once they get debt to relatively manageable levels, predicted for around mid-2013?
Gay People More Financially Secure Despite Unique Barriers. The average LGBT household earns $61,500 annually, which surpasses the average national household income by more than $10,000
Toys 'R' Us Faces Possible Lego Lawsuit Over Free Gift. \The representations regarding 'free gift' sets accompanying the underlying purchases made by [Toys] were deceptive, false
Don't Let Your Credit Cards Get Fat This Season. When it comes to holiday weight, a few poor choices over Christmas can lead to weeks or even months of unpleasant hardship, and it's exactly the same with the debt that you can incur over this holiday season.
Holiday Spending Projected To Return To Pre-Recession Levels. The discrepancy between high rollers and sale-savvy spenders may speak to an increasing gap between how the rich and the
Last Minute Ways to Trim Your Taxes. From now until New Year's is probably when you have the least amount of time to spare on mundane financial bookkeeping tasks. But if you can dedicate a few minutes to review your benefits and tax paperwork, you might be able to shave hundreds -- or even thousands -- of dollars off your 2012 taxes.
With a Fiscal Cliff Looming Ahead, What Do You Need to Know?. The Temporary Payroll Tax Holiday, a two percent reduction in employee Social Security tax withholding, expired Dec. 31, 2012. Beginning Jan. 2013, the average taxpayer will see as much as a $1,000 decrease in take-home pay.
Best Things to Buy in December. Holiday shopping aside, there are a few other little bonus items that you'll find especially good to buy this month -- these items truly are December's best buys.
Local Banks In San Joaquin Valley, California See Residents Favor Local Over Big Banks. People are stashing more money in locally owned banks and credit unions in the central San Joaquin Valley, while one of the
Do I Need a Financial Planner?. For those of us that are newbies to the personal finance world with no time to do adequate research, we probably have more than a few blind spots, and a professional eye can really help.
How the Fiscal Cliff Could Cut Your Paycheck By $4,000. I have read hundreds of articles about this issue and most are overly technical and do not describe how it will impact the average American. So let me lay it out.
Michaela Weeks, Britney Spears Look-Alike, Rakes In $500,000 Per Year. \If I ever get to meet [Britney], I want to thank her for giving me this life,\ Weeks told The Sun. Weeks makes musical appearances
FCC Cable Rules Change Will Require Consumers To Pay More For Basic Cable. The U.S. appears to be behind the curve in terms of making cable services affordable for low-income households. A report
Lindsay Lohan Accounts Seized By IRS For Owed Back Taxes; Charlie Sheen Pays Some Of Her Debt. In an effort to help out the struggling actress, Charlie Sheen reportedly cut Lindsay a check for $100,000, Fox News reports
The Hidden High Cost of Strategic Default. In this case, strategic defaulters make two arguments. The first is that it's the banks' and mortgage brokers' fault -- they
Regifting Is An Acceptable Practice For 83 Percent Of Americans. Knowing your network of friends is vital to being a successful regifter, according to CreditDonkey. The last thing you'd
Widows Losing Homes To Foreclosure Because Of Mortgage Paperwork Flaw. Just as the housing market is recovering, a growing group of homeowners \u2014 widows over the age of 50 whose husbands alone
IRS Tax Fraud On The Rise But Actual Size Of Problem Hard To Pin Down. For American taxpayers who have had their identity used for a fake return, this means delayed refunds, extra costs to refile
Walmart Mortgages Considered By One Third Of Americans. By Rick Rothacker * 70 percent would prefer mortgage with primary bank \There is a real threat from new entrants,\ Hautop
Rare Napoleon Bonaparte Letter Sold For Over $244,400 At Auction. \We also have the transcription, and obviously that amazing first sentence
Geithner. WASHINGTON, Dec 2 (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner pressed Republicans to offer a plan to increase revenues
SEC Chair Delayed JOBS Act Rule To Secure Legacy, Internal Emails Reveal. The JOBS Act aims to reduce the regulatory burden for small business start-ups by relaxing various securities regulations
Fiscal Cliff Takeaways From the Sunday News Shows. Television networks devoted much of their Sunday news shows to the fiscal cliff, reflecting the urgency and importance of the topic. So did you end up wasting precious weekend hours watching shows that just covered familiar old ground? No.
Starbucks Confronts No-Tax Revelations. The chain's UK unit paid no corporation tax - a tax on a company's income - in the last three years for which figures are
Paul Krugman. \The ball really is with them now,\ Geithner said. \This is pathetic \u2013 and these people are definitely not serious,\ he wrote
As Companies Seek Tax Deals, Governments Pay High Price. In the end, the money that towns across America gave General Motors did not matter. Read more on The New York Times
10 Most Expensive Cities To Buy A Home. Based on data published by Coldwell Banker in its annual Home Listing Report, 24/7 Wall St. identified the country\u2019s most
Perfect Income for Happiness Around $161,000. The latest to weigh in on the issue is Skandia International\u2019s Wealth Sentiment Monitor. It found that the global average
10 Things The Fast Food Industry Doesn't Want You To Know. Think your Big Mac was flipped by a teenager just looking for some pocket change? That's less and less the case these days
Walmart's New Health Care Policy Shifts Burden To Medicaid, Obamacare. Labor and health care experts portrayed Walmart\u2019s decision to exclude workers from its medical plans as an attempt to limit
Timothy Durham, Ex-National Lampoon CEO, Sentenced To 50 Years In Prison. The money went to a car magazine, restaurants, a surgery center, trailer manufacturer, internet companies, a race car team
The World's Most Emotional Countries. Forget all the stereotypes about the reserved English or the hotblooded Italian. When it comes to being least emotional, Singapore
Missouri Powerball Lottery Winner To Be Identified Friday. Or, the winner can receive half of $587.5 million as an annuity in payments over three decades, the association said. The
Frances Rosario, Atlanta Mom, Finds Nose Ring In Child's McDonalds Breakfast Burrito (VIDEO). A few bites into her 4-year-old daughter's breakfast burrito, Rosario made a shocking discovery
Why I'm Withholding Presents From My Daughter. Gift-giving may never be the same and why that's a good thing.
Larry Chandler, Indiana Electrician Facing Foreclosure, Wins $1 Million In Powerball Lottery. Meanwhile, the nation waits for the the lucky ticket-holders who matched all six numbers to reveal themselves. \The fact
How To Know If You Won The Powerball Lottery. You may not have won the record Powerball jackpot on Nov. 28, but don't despair. You could still be a winner and not even
Being a Wedding Guest With a Budget and Keeping My Sanity. Een planners can't plan for the unexpected. My recent escapade planning a trip to a wedding, however, proved to lessen the stress, even when blindsided by extra expenses.
With Geithner's Replacement The Treasury May Get A Woman's Touch. \It might take testosterone to make these very chancy bets that may or may not pay off, but what you need in the Cabinet
Compliance Jobs See Major Salary Hikes As Tough Bank Regulations Boost Demand. With demand outstripping supply, recruiters say compliance staff can be hard to find, and are asking for the biggest salary
Entrepreneurism. I loved my years in corporate America, which I now view as preparation for real life in the entrepreneurial moshpit. I'll take comforting laid-off clients and drumming up new clients any day over waking up with jaw aching from anxious grinding all night worrying about corporate politics.
Going for Your Dream Job. Sometimes you get to fulfill your dreams. Sometimes you never knew they were your dreams until the opportunity knocks on your door. Or a headhunter calls out of the blue.
The 12 Companies Paying Americans The Least. The gap between rich and poor is well illustrated by the large multi-billion dollar corporations employing thousands of low
LIPA Customers Left Without Power For Weeks Sent Normal Electric Bills Despite Blackouts. According to Bloomberg, two customers accuse LIPA of failing to provide electric services because of its \u201cdisregard\u201d in management
Fiscal Cliff Talks Could Spark Stock Market Volatility. Jeff Morris, head of U.S. equities at Standard Life Investments in Boston, said that \it's kind of noise here\ in terms of
RBS Libor Rigging Fines May Come From Both U.K. And U.S. Authorities. ($1=0.6246 British pounds) (Reporting by Matt Scuffham; Editing by Sophie Walker and Greg Mahlich) Libor and other past mistakes
Sex, Violence, David Petraues and PSC in Afghanistan. For those who work on private military and security contracting issues one longstanding, and still vexing, issue is encapsulated in just three words
Why Supporting 'Buy Local' Campaigns Is More Conservative Than You Think. Does buying local actually make me a Republican now? Uh oh.
The Trouble With Last Minute Solutions to Long Term Problems. Politicians in Washington need to think about the big picture, and not solve our long-term debt problem like a student cramming for an exam she's not prepared for.
How Corporate America Is Turning Into a Cult and Why It's Harming the American Employee. Over the last decade or so, a growing disconnect has developed between the bizarre and almost cult-like rhetoric and practices that companies use with their staff, and the increasingly grim reality of being an employee in modern day Corporate America.
Dispatch From a Best Buy on Black Friday. The Thanksgiving dishes were in the dishwasher. It was 11 p.m. and Black Friday was just an hour away. I was standing in front of the Best Buy in Wilton, New York. I had come to witness the sport of shopping.
Anti-Austerity March In Rome Sees Thousands Protest Education Spending Cuts. Students have occupied schools around Rome in recent weeks to express their anger and frustration at repeated funding cuts
My Thanksgiving. I did not spend Thanksgiving evening with my wife and my five children. I spent it, instead, handing out turkey sandwiches to workers in Walmart. And showing my support for one brave soul who walked off the job in protest against exploitation.
Walmart And Hostess. Wal-Mart (WMT) protests have broken out at dozens of stores across the country, but lost in the commotion is the reality
Four Productive Measures Every Unemployed Professional Should Be Taking. It means getting off the couch and proactively tweaking how you present yourself -- so that when you do get your foot in the door, you'll stay in that position for a while.
Target Black Friday Deals 2012 Revealed (PHOTOS). Also on HuffPost
Black Friday Online Deals 2012. If history is any indication, Amazon\u2019s own products will be hot sellers this holiday season. Last year, customers purchased
Walmart Black Friday Deals 2012. Below, a look at Walmart Black Friday deals. This is your spot for details on Walmart Black Friday deals for 2012. The big
Best Buy Black Friday 2012 Deals. This is where you will find a rundown on Best Buy Black Friday deals for the day after Thanksgiving this year. The store
Best Buy Black Friday Store Hours 2012. Best Buy will be open until 10 p.m. on Black Friday. Also on HuffPost
Black Friday 2012 (LIVE UPDATES). There are few traditions more emblematic of American consumerism than Black Friday -- the ritual start of the holiday season
Black Friday Ads 2012. Stores are opening their doors very early and staying open extremely late to accomodate shoppers. Black Friday ads are everywhere
Walmart Black Friday Store Hours 2012. Walmart, the world's largest retailer, will open to Black Friday shoppers at 8 p.m. local time on Thanksgiving -- two hours
Target Black Friday Store Hours 2012. Target will open its doors to Black Friday shoppers at 9 p.m. on Thanksgiving. The discounter's decision to open stores three
Black Friday Store Hours. Here's a list of Black Friday store hours at some of the nation's biggest stores. Times may vary depending on your location
Walmart Strike Hits 100 Cities, But Fails To Distract Black Friday Shoppers. Click here or scroll down for photos from Walmart strikes across the country. \Walmart cuts hours and benefits to push people
Walmart Says It Has Best Black Friday Ever Despite Protests, Crowds. Walmart said it was aware of a few dozen protests on Friday, and said the number of workers that missed scheduled shifts
What Kind of Walmart Do We Want for Our Country?. Instead of playing the Grinch, we need a Walmart that respects its workers.  We need a Walmart that is willing to share the profits that its employees help to produce.
Walmart Strikers Prepare For Black Friday Protests Across Country. One worker in the Chicago area, who asked that her name not be mentioned for fear of losing her job, told The Huffington
Walmart Protesters Tweet Pictures Of Black Friday Protests (PHOTOS). Never imagine you'd see Walmart workers striking against their employer? Now you can, using the Twitter hashtag \#walmartstrikers
Black Friday's Most Insane Moments Caught On Tape (VIDEOS). Shouting, heckling, fights and arrests. This is just a sampling of the Black Friday action that was caught on video at America's
Grand Old Planet. Earlier this week, GQ magazine published an interview with Senator Marco Rubio, whom many consider a contender for the 2016
Black Friday Store Openings 2012. Kmart
Black Friday Store Opening Times. Here is a roundup of store hours at some of the biggest Black Friday retailers. Keep in mind, times may vary depending on
Is There Mail On Thanksgiving 2012? Friday, The Day After Thanksgiving?. The UPS, for instance, considers both Thanksgiving Day and the day after Thanksgiving \holidays.\ That means there will be
Stores Open On Thanksgiving Day 2012. It's not without controversy, but in part due to Walmart's push for even more hours this Thanksgiving, opening at 8 p.m., a
Are Banks Open On Thanksgiving 2012? Black Friday, The Day After?. If you need a few dollars, perhaps for Black Friday, ATM machines should be operating properly on Thanksgiving Day. The same
Deck the Malls. These four rewards credit cards offer special deals and promotions that can help you stretch your budget, eliminate interest payments and even score you exclusive access to unique holiday experiences.
Walmart Strikes. A few months ago, Ferreira heard about the union-backed group OUR Walmart, which is orchestrating an as-yet-unknown number
Twinkie Bakers. Teamsters officials complained that bakery union leaders did \not substantively look for a solution or engage in the process
Restaurants Open On Thanksgiving. Maggiano's is open on Thursday and you can make reservations online at a restaurant near you. The cost is $36.95 per person
Black Friday Creep Costs Retail Workers Their Thanksgiving. Indeed, many workers are pouncing on the opportunity to trudge into work after a Thanksgiving feast, for reasons that may
I'm Boycotting Macy's; And You Should Too. And yet, Macy's continues to use Trump in advertisements and feature him at company events, despite a petition urging them
Planes, Trains and Cars. If airlines and car rental companies want to increase market share, the big guys should have to earn it by winning the business and loyalty of their customers; not by gobbling up competitors or driving them out of business
Simon Johnson. The Obama administration is floating the idea that Mary J. Miller, under secretary for domestic finance at the Treasury Department
Here Are 5 Things To Be Thankful For This Thanksgiving. There is a dirty little secret about economics writing. The thing that offers the surest path to glory \u2014 to front page play
Applebee's Waitress 'Disgusted' By Anti-Obamacare CEOs' Wealthy Lifestyles. \They're opening themselves up to all sorts of scrutiny,\ said Ira Kalb, marketing professor with the Marshall School of
A Better Way to Shop for Health Insurance During Open Enrollment. We know that health reform can be complicated and time consuming. Not everyone has the time to sit down and learn the details of the new law -- even if they wanted to. But we also know that it's critical for consumers to know what's available to them and to take advantage of the benefits.
2012 Black Friday Tips. All of this is designed to do one thing
Why You Shouldn't Shop at Walmart on Friday. The widening inequality reflected in the gap between the pay of Walmart workers and the returns to Walmart investors, including the Walton family, haunts the American economy.
Your Employer Is Pulling Your Credit! Are You Ready?. If you are job-hunting now or thinking about looking for a job next year, or if you are in a job that pulls credit reports, do your career a favor and take some time to look at your credit reports right now.
What Is Your Money Mindset on Black Friday?. When it comes to money on Black Friday
Coupons.com Unofficial Savings Calendar. Everyone knows November and December are the busiest retail months, but consumers are often left wondering how to shop for the best deals throughout the holiday season. Look no further than this calendar of savings to help stretch your dollar further this holiday season!
Pre-Retirement Market Jitters. Many people have jitters about the markets -- particularly those who are nearing retirement. I find that risk-aversion is acute right now among my clients, and particularly so with pre-retirees.
Cheryl Gavazzi, Massachusetts Woman, Returns $11,000 Found In Handbag. Gavazzi of Beverly, Mass. was shopping at a local Marshalls last week when she spotted a Vera Bradley purse, CBS Boston reports
Not All Charities Are Created Equal. As tempting as it may be to donate funds to another or new charity, not all charities are created equal... and some may even be scams!
Santa Claus Gets Beard Stuck During Mall Ceremony, Dangles Over Crowd Refusing To Break Character (VIDEO). If Chessell needs a buddy to commiserate with, he should seek out this Florida mall Santa whose rappelling attempt in the
Being Generous This Holiday Season Could Lead to Savings at Tax Time. While you are donating to charities in great need, be sure to observe the charitable donation tax rules, maximize that tax deduction and do something nice for yourself -- like getting a bigger tax refund for your good deed efforts.
Love + Family = Economic Progress. It is up to each of us to determine how to use our skills, maximize our talents, and fully recognize and implement the resources in our communities to move forward economically. One of the most precious and underutilized resources is the family.
The Real Cost of Thanksgiving Dinner. Putting a Price on Tradition When Anna Lo Monaco and her family moved from Belgium to the U.S. a few years ago, her kids
What Retailers Will Never Tell You About Black Friday. 1. \u201cExpect pandemonium at the stores.\u201d Stores are anticipating a huge turnout \u2014 read
Black Friday Tips. Even though many product categories will see new all-time low prices, not everything will be a good purchase on Black Friday. In some cases, you would be better off skipping certain deals and waiting for a better offer later on in the coming year.
Walmart Black Friday Deals Revealed (PHOTOS). The chain is facing push back from employees over its decision to kick off its Black Friday sales on Thanksgiving. Employees
Grey Thursday. Black Friday was so 2011. This year, \u2018Grey Thursday\u2019 is all anyone can talk about. Some of the nation\u2019s largest retailers
Hurricane Sandy Destroys Jobs, Brings Threat Of Poverty To Thousands Of Unemployed. But for some, the hurricane has sparked hope that clean-up jobs could come in the storm's wake. In early November, New York's
Tom Kosta, 84-Year-Old Calif. Man, Charged $3,000 For Ambulance Ride Next Door. After going to the medical offices at Lodi Memorial, Kosta, an 84-year-old man from Lodi, Calif., was told that he had to
Powerball Numbers Elude Players As Lottery Jackpot Soars To $250 Million; Next Drawing Nov. 21. The next drawing in the multi-state lottery will take place on Wednesday, Nov. 21. A standard Powerball wager costs $2, but
Least Valuable CEOs Revealed. Also Read
Web 2.0 Is Everywhere, Except in the Productivity Statistics. Web 2.0 moves us closer to frictionless -- free, instantaneous -- communication. But we were already pretty close.
The Fiscal Cliff Showdown Will Set Agenda for the Next Four Years. December 31st is not a cliff; it's a slope. Actually, the better metaphor is a showdown between two different visions for the country -- a showdown that will not only take place over the next four months, but will dominate debate about the economy for the next four years.
Bimbo & Twinkies. But the strange, snack-cake related behavior doesn't stop there. A bizarre petition urging President Barack Obama to \nationalize
Shadow Banking System Rises To Record $67 Trillion Globally, Financial Stability Board Reports. BRUSSELS, Nov 18 (Reuters) - The system of so-called \shadow banking,\ blamed by some for aggravating the global financial
Fiscal Cliff Doomsaysers Causing Unnecessary Panic, Experts Say. Stephen Fuller, an economist at George Mason University, said it could take until the end of March before spending cuts begin
GM Opens Baojun Plant, Taking Aim At China's No-Frills Customers. GM so far has two products for Baojun
America's Most Valuable CEOs. There is a nearly endless number of criteria that measure how well CEOs perform, whether they are paid fairly, and what metrics
BP Plans $5.9 Billion Share Buy Back After Criminal Fine In Aim To Boost Lagging Stock. * Oil firm settled criminal charges last week A BP spokesman declined to comment on the report. The settlement means BP will
Why Prepaid Cards and Gift Cards Are Not the Same. Gift cards and cash are the top two gifts consumers want to receive this holiday season and prepaid cards continue to grow in popularity, sometimes as an alternative to a checking account and sometimes as a type of gift card.
Young Adults. It can be tempting to embellish the truth on your resume or during a job interview, but as recent headlines about disgraced executives being fired have shown, these lies can come back to haunt you.
African Pension Funds. Looking at the world demographic trends, it is clear that the future of the world might just be played in Africa
America's Deadliest Jobs. The Most Outrageous Excuses for Calling in Sick Among the findings in the BLS\u2019 report, violence and other injuries from people
Stand With Striking Walmart Workers on Black Friday (VIDEO). The Walmart strike, which originated in Los Angeles, has spread to 12 cities and counting. A series of strikes will occur
Timothy Geithner. Congress and the Obama administration reached an agreement to raise the debt ceiling at the last minute last year. By threatening
Barclays Saudi Arabia Probe. The CMA said last week that it was not aware of any investigations and had not received any inquiries from regulatory bodies
Is The Twinkie Moving To Mexico. Who knew there were so many Twinkie diehards? The announcement that Hostess Brands would shutter and liquidate its 33 bakeries
The Business World's Most Troublesome Affairs. After former Gen. David Petraeus resigned as director of the CIA in the wake of an extramarital affair, he said in a statement
When Twinkies Tasted Like America. There was a time; admit it. There was a time when, if given a choice between a warm pastry fresh from a baker's oven and
Twinkies eBay. Elsewhere on eBay, three boxes of Hostess Chocodiles are on sale for a more reasonable price of $89.95 and a box of Ding
Black Friday Shoppers 2012. Many retailers are also offering pre-Black Friday deals online, according to BroadChannel.com. The National Retail Federation
What Expenses Could the Pilgrims Deduct on Their Tax Return?. We all know the story of the first Thanksgiving. But what if the Pilgrims had to concern themselves with filing a federal income tax return as we do today? What would they be able to claim as deductible expenses?
Best Cash-Back Credit Cards for Holiday Shopping. Cash-back credit cards are never more effective than during the holiday season. Putting all those big-ticket items on your cash-back cards can reap some nice rewards, if you choose your cards carefully. Not all cash-back credit cards are created equally.
Twinkie Shortage? Shoppers Stock Up As News Of Hostess Bankruptcy Spreads On Twitter. Hostess Brands Inc., the makers of Twinkies, Ding Dongs and Wonder Bread, says it's going out of business, leading some Americans
Black Friday Deals. Bad news Black Friday shoppers
Grey Thursday Is 'Pure Greed,' Employees Say. Jackie Goebel has worked for Walmart for 24 years, but this year, for the first time, she will spend the Thanksgiving holiday
Behind Occupy's Rolling Jubilee Debt Campaign, Personal Finance Book For Debtors And Defaulters. The book also lists all things a defaulter can expect to happen if he or she walks away from student loans, for example
Northwestern's Impact Investing Courses Prepare Students For A Different Kind Of Career. For investors looking to get more out of their money, it's not as simple as looking for market-rate returns. Impact investors
Powerball Jackpot At $214 Million; Next Drawing Saturday Nov. 17. A standard Powerball wager costs $2, but players have an option to select a \Power Play\ option for an additional $1 when
Toyota Scion Recall Affects 11,153 Hatchbacks. Nov 15 (Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp is recalling 11,153 Scion iQ hatchbacks because the front passenger air bags might not
Darnell Schoolfield, T-Mobile Clerk, Arrested After Allegedly Stabbing Customer Angry Over Billing Issue (VIDEO). An argument over a billing issue escalated into a stabbing this week when a clerk at a T-Mobile store allegedly attacked
The People's Bailout. We're in debt, as individuals, because of a lack of services. If Washington lacks the political will to address these issues and kick a little ass, we'll do it ourselves. Our message to Americans is simple
Hurricane Sandy Victims Face Credit Uncertainty Due To Banks' Opaque Policies. \We have been thrown into a pit of financial uncertainty,\ Sposato, who is the comptroller for a national theater group, said
'$5 Doctor' Russell Dohner Can Hardly Pay His Nurses, But He Won't Raise His Fee (VIDEO). View the NBC News report below. But the doctor now admits that his inexpensive medical care is taking a toll on the clinic's
John Joseph, Colorado Man, Receives \u2018Outlandish' Bill For Son's Snake Bite. Daniel Joseph, a 17-year-old from Centennial, Colo., went to the emergency room after a rattlesnake bit him twice, CBS Denver
Best Buy Black Friday Deals Revealed (PHOTOS). With Black Friday a little over a week away, the nation\u2019s top retailers have begun to reveal their deals for the holiday
Bob Barker Oil Painting Is On Sale For Millions On eBay. Barker, age 88, hosted \The Price Is Right\ for 35 years, some of it ensnared in controversy involving lawsuits from former
Credit Card Tricks and Traps. Two years after the implementation of the Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009, not much has changed.
Starbucks Workers Tips Suit Scores $14 Million Win Against Coffee Giant. In a statement issued after the ruling Starbucks said it would respect the court's decision. \Since we just received the
Powerball Jackpot At $185 Million; Next Drawing Wednesday Nov. 14. The next drawing will be Wednesday, Nov. 14. The Powerball lottery is played in 42 states, Washington, D.C. and the U.S. Virgin
Lessons From the Shark Tank. As you're interviewing and negotiating, keep these lessons in mind. You could have everything an employer wants. But if you're lacking in character at the finish line, you could lose the best race of your life. Fast.
Jill Kelley, Petraeus Whistleblower, Owes Millions In Debt. In a sign of the trouble they are facing, the Kelleys have hired attorney Abbe Lowell, who represented former presidential
401(k) Planning. 1. We weren\u2019t meant to carry the weight of your future. For more and more Americans, the quality of one\u2019s retirement comes
Making Every Penny Count -- Twice. Ever wish you could make every penny count twice -- especially around the holidays? Here are ways consumers can do what they already do, but also make those actions count for more in charitable and community contributions.
Protecting Your Identity As Cyber-Attacks Become More Frequent and Sophisticated. Remember
Massachusetts Man Finds $20,000 In Used Book, Searches For Rightful Owner. \u201cThe first thing I was thinking was, \u2018let me see if I can find a name in this book, then I can give back the money,\u2019\u201d the
Facebook Users Spend More Money And Have Lower Credit Scores. We all know that Facebook is eating up our free time. But new research suggests that the social network may be making us
Since When Is Work a Moral Imperative?. If you ask me, many of us (Americans in particular, New Yorkers most of all) have confused work-for-money with work-for-life.
Should We End the Practice of Tipping?. Two examples of this recently went viral on the Huffington Post. The first is a picture of a receipt reportedly left at a
Black Friday Sales To Begin On Thanksgiving At More Stores. By Dhanya Skariachan Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest retailer, said last week that its specials would start at 8 p.m. local
Best Ways To Get Cheap Airfare. 6. Consider crowdsourcing Earlier this year, we told you about a site called Flightfox, run by experts (also known as \u201cflight
10 Companies That Are Working To Hire Veterans. Many companies nationwide, including General Electric and Wal-Mart, actively recruit military veterans to join their workforce
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke's Interest Rate Policy Poses Challenges For Successor. * U.S. central bank adopting series of policy guidelines * Next on agenda
Matthew Marshall Taylor, Goldman Sachs Trader Accused Of Hiding Trading Loss, Was Hired By Morgan Stanley. It took Matthew Marshall Taylor less than three months to land a job at Morgan Stanley (MS) after Goldman Sachs Group Inc
Paul Krugman. But Krugman has also argued that the \fiscal cliff\ presents an opportunity for President Barack Obama to stand his ground
America's Most Expensive Neighborhoods. A little-known Northern California town, established more than 100 years ago on a tract of land owned by a Scottish liquor
Government Surplus Sites Let Consumers Buy Everything From A 28-Pack Of Sleeping Bags To A Used Jet Engine. Where do you go when you need a used jet engine, 36,140 lbs of aluminum shavings, or a pack of 731 belts? To the government
Paul Krugman. Modern Republicans are devotees of faith-based analysis on every front. On economics, in particular, they are devoted to
Goldman Sachs In Settlement Talks Over $8.3 Billion Trading Loss. Nov 10 (Reuters) - Goldman Sachs Group Inc is in settlement talks with the U.S. government over an $8.3 billion position
Beer Drinking Down After Manufacturing Job Cuts. Even after heavy manufacturing of farm equipment, marine diesels and cranes became the dominant force in Milwaukee's economy
Companies Everyone Wants To Work For. One factor many of these companies have in common is the fact that they have been able to market themselves as very innovative
'Chained CPI' May Be Key In Avoiding Fiscal Cliff. In an interview on NPR, Robert Greenstein, from the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities, explained it this way
American Expat Taxpayers Would Rather Ditch Citizenship Than Face New IRS Rules. \u201cFor the most part, it is in reaction to the complexity of the legislation and the tax situation that affects Americans,\u201d said
The Ethical Investor. If a financial product is too complicated and too complex for you to understand, this is not an accident. It is intentional. And it will cost you.
Jalonta Freeman Pays $200 For 'iPad' That's Actually Just A Mirror. At first, Walmart didn't believe the family's story, but finally refunded the money and gave Akers an iPad for free. Akers
Michelle Pinder, Florida Homeowner, Finds Squatters In House The Night Before Closing Sale. Pinder is taking the case to court, but the buyers of her mother\u2019s property are threatening to walk away from the deal. In
Consumer Sentiment Hits Five-Year High In November. The Thomson Reuters/University of Michigan preliminary reading on the overall index on consumer sentiment came in at 84.9
Suicide Rates Higher For Americans Living Among Wealthy Neighbors. Indeed, a link between money and happiness has been found -- but only up to a certain point. People with lower annual incomes
Fiscal Cliff. The election is behind us, but a new uncertainty looms
Hurricane Sandy Creates Top-Shelf Liquor Shortage In New Jersey After Storm Surges Flood Warehouse. In the meantime, however, New Jersey residents with refined liquor palates seem to be out of options. New Jersey state law
Remains Of Mark Koster, Missing Iowa Man, Found In Previous Home's Basement (VIDEO). \u201cThere was a quick initial search done by us and the Iowa Division of Criminal of Investigation, mainly to find DNA, fingerprints
Resume Tips. MoneyTalksNews
Walmart Black Friday Sales To Start Thanksgiving Night. \We bought deep, very deep, and we bought deep on items that matter to our customers,\ said Walmart U.S. Chief Merchandising
Mel Angst, Owner Of 'Artisan' Tattoo Shop In Pittsburgh, Finds Unique Flooring Material. When Mel Angst and her husband, John, decided that their new tattoo shop in Pittsburgh needed better flooring, they bought
How Charitable Giving Can Improve Your Finances. Have you ever thought about the gift of donating to a charity or a cause instead? Or better yet, have you ever thought about how donating to a charity can help improve your finances?
Bankruptcy Filings Down in 2012, Continued Bad News for Debt Relief Industry. While it is doubtful that in the next decade or so we will see debt relief service demand at the levels experienced in 2009-2010, we should see a greater demand in the next three to five years. It will just take time to reload the consumer debt pipeline.
In the Absence of Federal Action, Some Voters Take Minimum Wage Issue Into Their Own Hands. Americans across the country raptly waited as the results from the presidential election rolled in last night. Some election results that may have flown under the radar, however, were a few ballot measures in Albuquerque, San Jose, and Long Beach that would raise workers' minimum wage.
20 Signs You Were Raised By Frugal Parents. In August, I wrote an article entitled 30 Signs You Were Raised by Frugal Parents. That article was inspired by my own parents
Bad Credit Cards You Don't Want In Your Wallet. Sometimes all credit cards can seem alike \u2014 or, at least, not different enough to spend a lot of time trying to figure out
Mold Damage From Sandy Is Not Likely Covered By Insurance. Whether or not mold damage is covered in your homeowners insurance depends on what caused the mold and what policy coverage
Oversight of Credit Agencies Long Overdue. There is nothing wrong with credit agencies making a profit. They are private businesses. Yet without adequate oversight, these agencies have little incentive to ensure the accuracy of consumer credit reports.
Yunus Latif Arrested For Allegedly Hoarding Gasoline In Illegal Containers. In the wake of the gas shortage, some people have gone to desperate measures. Many have had to drive to four or five gas
Direct-Sales Marketers. And business is booming
Getting Tax Relief after a Natural Disaster. Unfortunately, natural disasters, and losses from them, occur each year and will continue to impact people's lives, causing personal and financial loss, and in some cases, even severe financial and economic loss. The income tax rules may provide for a small silver lining if the right circumstances apply.
Gasoline Black Market Emerges In Sandy's Wake. As gasoline prices plummet nationwide, a gas black market is emerging in Hurricane Sandy's wake. An ad placed in New York
Nay Pond Island, America's Cheapest Private Island, Is For Sale For $119,900 (PHOTOS). If Nay Pond and Hickory is still out of your price range, there are a few islands around the world available for less than
Jerome Kerviel, The Most Indebted Person In The World, Owes $6.3 Billion To Former Employer, Societe Generale. He is the most indebted person in the world. One of Kerviel's lawyers, Olivier Metzner, previously explained to CNN he believes
Gas Prices Drop Most Since 2008. Gasoline prices averaged $3.5454 per gallon on November 2, down 20.75 cents from October 19 when drivers were paying $3.7529
Thanksgiving Dinner Prices To Remain Stable This Year. One reason for that is many producers' contractual prices with retailers were set this spring when feed was far cheaper as
Gasoline Shortage Likely To Last For Several More Days. Even as power returns to parts of the region assailed by Hurricane Sandy, millions of drivers seeking gasoline appear likely
Presidential Election 2012. Political leaders have known for centuries what commercial organizations have recently discovered
Abacus and Other Soured Deals as Now Seen by the New York Times. The Business editors of the New York Times seem forever determined to whitewash and sanitize one of the core causes of the 2008 financial debacle and those who were central to the melt down.
Here's The One Safety Net That Must Shrink. ELECTION Day is upon us, and neither President Obama nor Mitt Romney has really addressed one of the nation's most pressing
Union Workers Help Hurricane Sandy-Ravaged Neighborhoods. Many union workers are among the hardest-hit by the storm, but still worked long days. According to Jim Brown with the Long
October Jobs Report Unlikely to Help Either Candidate. In some ways, the tragic events in the Northeast from Hurricane Sandy and discussions around the upcoming fiscal cliff are likely to overshadow this lackluster jobs report as it generally just showed things are improving, albeit slowly.
In Hard-Hit Rockaways, Community Begs For Basic Necessities. The previous few nights in New York have been quite cold, and temperatures are expected to plunge into the 30s over the weekend
State Farm Flying Planes Towing Phone Number Over New York, New Jersey. The planes will fly from sunrise to sunset, with one covering the greater New York City area and the other the New Jersey
Unequal Realities Inside The Jobs Report. Today's U.S. Labor Department report on jobs confirms what we've known for more than a year
Simple Luxuries. I went to a local bookstore and coffee shop where people were situated in every nook and cranny in an attempt to get warmth
The 10 Worst-Paying States For Women. In 2011, men working full-time earned a median of $48,765. Women earned just $38,373. That difference of more than $10,000
Meet The Most Indebted Man In The World. He can earn million-dollar gains without anybody knowing. He can execute make-believe trades by sending fake emails from
Gas Shortage Lingers, Crippling Aid Organizations And Recovery Effort. At 3 p.m. on the Friday after Hurricane Sandy hit New York City, the St. Jacobi church in Sunset Park, Brooklyn, was overflowing
15 Companies Helping Sandy Victims. With all the talk of fake charities and scam artists trying to take advantage of hurricane victims, it's easy to overlook
Hurricane Sandy and the Failure of GDP. Analysts are predicting that the positives and negatives will largely cancel each other out and there will be little impact on GDP -- looking deeper, though, it becomes clear that this isn't true.
The Ins and Outs of E-Payments. Like most people, you're probably performing many more financial transactions electronically. But it doesn't mean electronic transactions are risk-free.
If You Have $250 Million, You Shouldn't Be President. If you have that much money and you're doing anything other than giving it away  or thinking about how to give it away, then you have been overrun with greed and self-absorption.
Time for Succession Planning Is Running Out With Looming Expiration of Bush Tax Cuts. By Jan. 1, 2013, not only will millions of people owe up to 20 percent more in estate taxes, but their options for asset protection will be significantly worse, as everything over $1 million will be subject to the highest rate of taxation. Not fully exploring your options now could prove very costly.
Nine CEOs Pushing Workers To Vote For Romney. The strategy is one endorsed by Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney, a former CEO himself, who told business owners
Wall Street Plans To Open Monday Despite Hurricane Sandy. JPMorgan Chase & Co said its buildings were still open Monday and the bank was planning to be fully operational, using resources
Fiscal Cliff Economic Impact 'Could Be Worse' Than Expected. These researchers suspect fiscal contractions take a bigger-than-normal bite from economies when interest rates are very
The Employment Racket. We don't have to quit our jobs en masse to break the logjam and get human energy moving at work. We only have to notice the albatross on the table and say something about it. We only have to bring ourselves to work, a little at a time.
13 American Cities Going Broke. Detroit\u2019s 2011 general fund revenue was $1.23 billion while its outstanding debt was more than $2.5 billion. For some speculative
The States With The Most 'One Percenters'. One of the enduring legacies of the Occupy Wall Street movement is the term \u201cOne Percent,\u201d referring to the percentage of
Romney's Other Credibility Problem. There is a scandal in Mitt Romney's campaign -- namely Glenn Hubbard, Romney's chief economic advisor, who was chairman of the Council of Economic Advisors under George W. Bush, and is now Dean of Columbia Business School. First, Hubbard has an abysmal track record in economic policy, including the very issues that Romney has made the pillar of his presidential campaign. Second, like Romney, Hubbard refuses to disclose critical information about his income, conflicts of interest, and paid advocacy activities. Third, both in public statements and in my personal experience, Hubbard has been evasive, misleading, and even dishonest when discussing both policy issues and his own conflicts of interest. And last but not least, those conflicts of interest are huge
Taxmageddon, the Fiscal Cliff, the Mayan Calendar, and Other Year-End Events to Watch Out for. The Mayan calendar \end of times\ prediction scheduled for Dec. 23, 2012, might not be all bad when compared and contrasted with some of the other predictions associated with Taxmageddon and the fiscal cliff on the horizon.
The Ethical Investor. There is no reason to assume the big banks will be around in the long run. Therefore, do not take comfort that your money is safe with them. If you have less than $250,000 in an FDIC insured deposit account, then at least you have the US standing behind the claim. But, otherwise, beware.
A Mortgage-Free Retirement. Even for those in their early working years, home financing decisions now and in the years ahead directly impact your bottom line in retirement.
Social Venture Network Links Impact Investing With Its Past. When investors like Silby and Mailman were starting out, Nelson said, \they were total rebels. Most people told them, 'This
Advertising, Marketing And Public Relations Among Least Valuable Professions. A recent survey -- commissioned by Adobe and conducted by research company Edelman Berland -- found that consumers view advertising
Back From the Vomitorium. Politicians, not bankers, are the culprits this time around -- siphoning billions from that historic settlement and pumping it into their broken state budgets.
Eric Hartsburg Tattoos Mitt Romney Logo Onto Forehead, Gets Paid $5,000 On eBay (VIDEO). What was Hartsburg's motive? \I wish it could be a more noble cause than just saying, 'hey, let's have a good time',\ he
Omidyar Network, Founded By eBay Billionaire, Creates Opportunities Through Impact Investing. Omidyar Network also works with companies that seek to create greater governmental transparency. Janaagraha, a nonprofit
How Politics Affects Your Personal Finance. Will it be Obama for another four-year term or will Romney win? Regardless of who your choice is, the real question is, have you taken into consideration how politics affects your personal finance?
Cities With The Fastest Job Growth. Here are the 10 cities where job growth is happening the fastest
Andy Woodward, Sheriff's Deputy, Loses Homeowners Insurance Because He Cares For A Police Dog. Dogs may be a man's best friend - but not necessarily when that man is a sheriff's deputy in Nebraska. American Family estimates
CFPB To Oversee Debt Collectors Starting Jan. 2. The agency said Wednesday that starting Jan. 2, 2013, it will begin oversight of the largest debt collectors, making sure
10 Scary Job Interview Mistakes and How to Avoid Them. We've all heard of (and maybe had) common dreams people have when they're under pressure professionally. Sometimes, reality is even scarier than our dreams, and these common job interview mishaps are too nerve-wracking to ignore.
Two In Five Americans Spending Less In Anticipation Of The Election. Considering the uncertainty of what's ahead, it's not surprising Americans intend to put money away for a rainy day. But
Good FICA Means Good Job Performance? Give Me a Break. We live and work in a day and time where for most people, money is scarce. Should the lack of it continue to be a liability for so many?
Never Too Early to Review Long-Term Care Options. Imagine having to figure out a way to pay $5,000 per month for a period of five or more years -- during a time when, by definition, you will not be working. That's at least $300,000 worth of care, and it's a real issue for millions of boomers who are careening toward retirement at a growing pace.
Target Credit Card Business To Be Sold To TD Bank. \There's not a ton of things to do with those deposits, and so this is very much in keeping with that kind of a strategy
Super 7teen 1987 Lottery Winners Reunite Before Last Of $1 Million Payout. Many of the 17 employees from the former Herman Avenue Elementary School in Lemoyne who split the Super 7 jackpot reunited
Gary Root, Florida Republican, Tosses Penny At Democratic Party Workers. No need to give Gary Root a penny for his thoughts about President Barack Obama and the 2012 election. According to The Smoking
World's Most Prosperous Cities. In a new report entitled State Of The World Cities 2012/2013, the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (U.N.-Habitat
Halloween Mask Sales Show Obama Leads Romney 60 Percent To 40 Percent. While some national polls have Obama and Romney tied with 47 percent of voter support each, Obama masks are outselling Republican
Be Where You Are to Experience True Money Joy. Money makes many of us miserable. Study after study shows how financial worries make us fat, stress out our kids, cause us to lose sleep, and ruin our relationships. So what are we to do?
Popular High Schoolers Earn More Later In Life, Study Shows. Looks like the popular kids from high school are getting the last laugh after all. A fresh look at data from the Wisconsin
Nearly Half Of Americans Have Less Than $500 In Savings. Perhaps that explains the retirement anxiety, which has begun to afflict some people still in their thirties. Many Americans
How to Know When to Lease, Buy New, or Buy a Used Car. Are you in the market for a new vehicle? While you may be dreading the prospect of negotiating with a salesperson, you have important choices to make
Gas Prices Drop 8 Cents In Two Weeks, According To Survey. NEW YORK, Oct 21 (Reuters) - The average price for a gallon of regular gasoline in the United States fell more than 8 cents
Remy Martin's 2,500 Euro Louis XIII Cognac In Demand From Asia's Super-Rich. For China's up-and-coming millionaires, much of the appeal of a rare cognac like Louis XIII, first created in 1874, lies
Why Someone Needs To Take A Knife To Citigroup. THE defenestration of Vikram S. Pandit from the corner office at Citigroup might just be a turning point for shareholders
States With The Fewest Doctors. The U.S. is currently facing a severe shortage of doctors. The Association of American Medical Colleges predicts that by
The Worst Business Decisions Of All Time. Kmart, meanwhile, showed a general lack of foresight. The retailer failed to create modern supply chain management that could
Wealthy Presidential Campaign Donors Driving The Election. * Whiteco Industries - Indiana-based company involved in advertising, construction, entertainment and hotels. Donation
Tennessee 'Greenbelt Law' Helps Wealthiest Reap Tax Breaks, From Wynona Judd To Billy Ray Cyrus. Country music royalty including Billy Ray Cyrus and The Judd's are among a star studded list of of wealthy Tennesseans who
3 Ways to Tell a Social Brand Story. The medium in which this content is produced is also important, as it affects how fast it is shared, and how identical these
Zombie Apocalypse Product Guide. In this way, the zombie apocalypse has already come. An invasion of walking dead has gripped the public imagination and is
Starbucks UK Tax Allegations Hurting Brand. YouGov said its BrandIndex survey of 2,000 people showed a drop in the its reputation score to -26 from +3. Starbucks Chief
Do Good CEOs Make Good Presidents?. With only a few weeks remaining until the election, it's still not clear how Mitt Romney would manage our jobs crisis. There
Billionaire Who Thinks Obama Is A Socialist. It hardly counts as news anymore when some put-upon billionaire starts fulminating about Barack Obama. The likes of the Koch
Why It's Suddenly Cool To Be A Cheap Date. A lackluster economy plus ubiquitous mobile technology are behind a surprising date-night trend
Tower of Basel. With a simple albeit ambitious decision, Wall Street regulators have a way to all but guarantee that there will be no more financial sector bailouts
Jobs That Make Workers Feel Really Guilty. Everyone has to pay the bills somehow. Some people just don't feel great about the means to that end. That's not to say all
Social Capital Markets Works To Connect World Of Impact Investing. First, the SOCAP team is responsible for running The HUB Bay Area, community spaces where social entrepreneurs can meet, network
Housing, Transportation Costs Consume Majority Of Middle-Income Earners' Paychecks. While Mitt Romney and President Barack Obama debate who's is going to help the middle class more, the two candidates are
The Medical Debt Crisis Isn't Going Away... Deal With It. As tens of millions of Americans are paying off medical bills over time, the potential for damaged credit is great. Many government agencies are beginning to take notice. Unfortunately, the consumer credit reporting industry is fighting efforts for consumer protection every step of the way.
What We Know About Obama's and Romney's Tax Proposals. No single question is of greater confusion so far in the political process than which candidate's tax plan is better for America, the majority of taxpayers, and better for you personally.
How to Bear-proof Your Retirement. If you hit your retirement savings target a little early, you might need a higher target to account for the fact that if you retire early, you'll have to live off those savings for a longer time.
Homeless Man Wins $200,000 Lottery Prize (VIDEO). This isn't the first feel good lottery story we've read this week. Sandeep Singh, a Massachusetts man, claimed a $30.5 million
'Eton Style:' British Students Parody Psy's Smash Hit In Hilarious Music Video. The video also includes the lyrics to the parody, complete with such posh gems as \We go to Chambers here, it's where you
How to Conduct a Networked Job Search. Job fulfillment can be leveraged to assess the skills mismatch that many employers claim exists in the country. A great start to tackling this problem can be broken down with the following, distinct steps.
Atlas Survival Shelter, Doomsday Bunker, Costs About $60,000 (VIDEO). For about the price of an entry-level luxury car, the Atlas Survival Shelter promises prospective buyers relief from tornadoes
Special Words of Financial Wisdom for Parents. Money can bring power and security, but it also can bring insecurity. People who are rich never know if someone likes them for who they are or for their money. Many develop the attitude that everyone wants something from them, and they are often right.
Online Bank Rates Rise Higher Above the Rest. Notably, it didn't matter whether you looked at large banks, small banks or medium-sized banks
Debts and Indebtedness in Anthropological Fieldwork. I'm writing about indebtedness today because I'm in serious debt to the people of Nepal. They had to feed me, teach me how to behave, and rescue me from baby cows for over a year.
Romney's 'Pick A Number' Tax Plan Would Hurt Middle-Income Households. In Tuesday night's debate, Romney offered up the latest rendition on his tax plan, which includes slashing marginal tax rates
Workplace Happiness Survey Finds Friends Are More Important Than Salary. Other studies have shown that what part of the country you work in also has a dramatic effect on your happiness in the office
Why You Should Never Pay for Your FICO Score. A number can't tell you much of anything, except that creditors consider you a good or bad credit risk. But the factors that make up your credit score -- like your percentage of on-time payments -- do tell you how where you need to change your financial behavior.
Why an Entitled Attitude Leaves You Financially Crippled. We don't necessarily believe these things should be free, but we think a normal person who works for a living should have certain things and be able to afford to do certain things.
Child Bank Accounts. Stashing allowance money and birthday cash in a porcelain pig as a kid is like hiding money under the mattress as an adult
Get Ready for Medicare Open Enrollment. Medicare's 2013 open enrollment period runs from October 15 to December 7, 2012. For most current enrollees, that's the only time to make coverage changes for the coming calendar year.
Medical School Secrets. How a spoonful of bullying, plus a heaping pile of debt, helps turn students into doctors. 1. \u201cBullying, teaching. Same difference
Popcorn Lung Couple, Eric And Cassandra Peoples, Files For Bankruptcy. Doctors at Eric's trial said he had developed \popcorn lung,\ or bronchiolitis obliterans, because of exposure to diacetyl
Leisa Mauch, Kansas Lottery 'Winner,' Has NASCAR Weekend Prize Snatched Back. Compared to a NASCAR weekend, not much of a consolation. Lottery spokeswoman Sally Lunsford told The Huffington Post the
Obama Student Loan Repayment Program Helps Higher Earners. Under the current program, a law school graduate who has around $122,000 in federal loans and a starting salary of $65,000
Trick-Or-Treating. Last year, Americans spent a total of $2.3 billion on Halloween, a record high, according tothe San Francisco Chronicle. For
Romney Tax Plan Website. The website may look official at first, but an attempt to click through may prove otherwise. Click over to RomneyTaxPlan.com
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Finds Student, Mortgage Lenders Have 'Uncanny Resemblance'. The report highlighted three servicing issues of particular concern
Root Capital Works To Alleviate Poverty Through Agricultural Development. Foote was driving up from rural Mexico, where he had spent two years traveling with his wife on a business journalism fellowship
McDonald's Monopoly Game. According to Duncombe's calculations, the cheapest menu item at McDonald\u2019s that comes with game pieces is an order of hash
Investors Are Waiting for a Clear Sign They'll Never Get. The Dow hit a level not seen since December 2007. The questions many are asking are
Victoria Calbert, Missouri Woman, Allegedly Cashed $100,000 In Counterfeit Checks At Walmart. Fake check scams are on the rise, according to the Federal Trade Commission, but it's usually innocent people -- not stores
Household Debt At Lowest Level Since 2006, Consumers More Comfortable Spending Again. With the holiday shopping season right around the corner, economists are watching consumer sentiment to see if the recession
Find a Financial Adviser Who Has Worked With More Money Than Your Nest Egg. Money is about emotions. This is a primary reason that people blow through their money so quickly. They don't know what they are doing, but are convinced that they do. By the time they figure out their lack of knowledge, they are broke.
10 Brands Rapidly Losing Value. Once again, Coca-Cola was ranked the most valuable brand in the world, according to Interbrand, one of the nation's top global
Meet Romney's Go-To Economist. \I HOPE you're sitting down for this,\ said Ali Velshi, the CNN anchor, staring into the camera, his voice booming with incredulity
Koch Brothers Send Pro-Romney Mailing To 50,000 Employees, Allegedly 'Stifle Political Speech'. In a statement sent to Up w/ Chris, Rob Tappan, Koch Companies director of external relations, said that the letter was sent
The Best Cities To Flip A House. House flipping\u2019s status as an aspirational American pastime took some hits during the recession but, like disco or SUVs, it
Ben Bernanke. In response to the financial crisis and deep recession of 2007-2009, the Fed cut official interest rates to near zero and
Diamond Jamie. A new lawsuit against JPMorgan Chase is being met with both optimism and skepticism. But, ironically, investigators have finally broken their silence on criminal indictments for bankers... to protect its chief executive.
States That Drink the Most Beer. Total consumption of beer in the U.S. has fallen for the third straight year, according to a report published by the Beer
NECC, Company At Center Of Meningitis Outbreak, Facing State Investigations, Prison Possibilities. Tennessee, the state where patients first reported being sickened after the injections, said its pharmacy board will consider
The 13 Best Paid College Majors. According to a new study conducted by the U.S. Census Bureau, the average college graduate will earn $2.4 million over his
Walmart Strike Memo Reveals Confidential Management Plans. Walmart also could have ulterior motives for considering workers rights, such as covering itself in upcoming Unfair Labor
Obama Defends Auto Bailout. WASHINGTON, Oct 13 (Reuters) - President Barack Obama sought on Saturday to sustain momentum from Vice President Joe Biden's
Contaminated Food Causes More Than 3,000 Death Each Year. Audit Guidelines The inspector, a 26-year-old with little experience, raised no objections to the absence of an antimicrobial
Why Is It So Hard to Get a Mortgage?. Regulations pertaining to the housing and lending industries are a necessity, but so are clearly defined standards and requirements.
Four Steps to Educate Students About Personal Finance. Years later, having paid off all of this debt and having a totally different frame of mind as it relates to personal finance, I wonder what it would have taken to have prevented me from making all of those financial mistakes so early in my life.
October 15, Final Tax Deadline Is Drawing Near. The final deadline for filing their annual tax return, October 15, is coming up fast.
Pumpkin Prices Up This Year Due To Drought. Last year\u2019s flooding throughout the Midwest pushed prices of some pumpkins 60% higher around the U.S. This year, widespread
Willow Tufano, Florida Teen, Buys Second Home. In March, Willow Tufano, then 14 years old, grabbed headlines after purchasing her first home for $12,000. Tufano isn't rich
The Ethical Investor. Investors have been lulled to sleep by the lullaby song of stockbrokers and bankers who croon that bonds are safe and that equities always outperform bonds in the long run. Wake up before another nightmare market crash shakes you violently from your peaceful slumber.
How to Keep Your Coupon Savings. We've all been there
Meredith Boucher, Former Walmart Employee, Awarded $1.49 Million For Mistreatment. Walmart has also been accused of religious discrimination. This June, the world's largest private employer agreed to pay
Bobbi Linden, Texas Mom, Buys iPad, Gets Box Stuffed With Notepads. Courtney Akers wanted a tablet for her 15th birthday but never imagined when she opened her gift that she would get the 20th
J.C. Penney Coupons Return After Sales Slide. By Phil Wahba In February, J.C. Penney stopped offering coupons and most of the hundreds of sales events it used to hold
The Entrepreneur and Fear. The paralysis of financial fear can be life-destroying. But, utilized in a positive way, fear can create a heightened sense of awareness, be a motivator and instill determination leading to success.
What's It Like To Grow Up in an Old Money Family?. As for me, I grew up with my grandma. And I guess because she had suffered a lot due to her wealth and ancestry during the
Solenne San Jose, French Woman, Slammed With Quadrillion Dollar Phone Bill. \There were so many zeros I couldn't even work out how much it was,\ San Jose told Sud Ouest. And though it seemed like an
New York City Restaurants Consider Charging More For Tables During Peak Hours. But it seems that New York tourism has rebounded strongly from the recession. According to a report cited by the New York
Heidi Peterson, Detroit Homeowner, Finds Squatter In House. Peterson said she bought the severely undervalued house in Detroit's Boston-Edison Historic District for $23,000 in 2010
How to Plan a Financial Future for Two. Managing finances as a couple may seem scary, but if done right it is an opportunity to build a life together as a true partnership.
A Dilemma for Stock Market Investors. Unless Washington acts in the lame-duck session after the November elections, top rates for capital gains from most sales of assets owned more than 12 months are scheduled to increase. They will go from 15 percent for 2012 to at least 20 percent for 2013.
14 Things You Should Never Pay For. The country remains deeply divided about how to fix the economy. But we can all pretty much agree on one thing
Lowdown on the Slowdown. The good news is it already felt like the second quarter was weak; the GDP report just confirms it. The bad news is the third quarter feels pretty weak as well.
Clare And Ceri Morgan, Newlywed Couple, Spend Honeymoon Savings On Sick Dog's Surgery. Nearly all pet owners, or 97 percent, said they would cancel a spa treatment or massage for themselves in order to pay for
The Truth About Jobs. Barack Obama says the recovery is underway, and all our economy needs is a little stimulus. Mitt Romney says what this country needs is a president with experience in creating jobs. The truth is that neither camp is admitting the truth.
Losing Weight. Lady Gaga, who put on some weight recently, announced in September that she was \proud at any size.\ Having a healthy body
How To Avoid ATM Scams. I was at the ATM last week, when I saw a technician checking on the machines. He told me he checks all the machines from
Heating Costs To Rise This Winter. The roughly 6 percent of U.S. homes that rely on the fuel will pay an average of $407 more this winter, according to the
Fahrenheit Thermometer Auctioned For $107,802 -- Around 300 Years Old. Bidding must have reached the boiling point. One of the first thermometers made by Daniel Gabriel Fahrenheit sold on Tuesday
California Gas Prices To Plunge In The Coming Week Following Spike. At one station in West Los Angeles, Rick Lee, a restaurant and club manager in his 40s, said he had not yet noticed a fall
Tackling Taboos. Though our interactions on social media platforms are frequent, and while it's common to ask our networks for advice on both personal and professional matters, it's still a complete taboo -- in case you didn't know -- to talk about money online.
Guy Schwinge, English Auction Valuer, Finds Roman Coffin Worth $154,000 In Dorset Garden. Scroll down for a photo of the coffin. England has seen it's fair share of stumbled upon valuables in the last couple of
Gas Mileage, Costs Affected By Driver's Weight. (h/t the Chicago Tribune) According to Huffington Post calculations, for every 100 pounds in your car, you can expect to
The Cult of Monetization. I've got nothing against money. I like money. I like having it. I like spending it. I've got two kids to put through college. It's just that not everything we do needs to be monetized.
Walmart Same-Day Delivery To Be Tested During Holiday Shopping Season To Challenge Amazon. The test of the \Walmart To Go\ service began in Northern Virginia and Philadelphia earlier this month and is set to expand
Does Mitt Romney Have The Guts To Kill These Tax Breaks? President Obama Didn't. As part of his much-discussed tax plan, Mitt Romney has said he plans to eliminate or place caps on certain deductions and
How To Avoid Burning Out At Work. Here are a few methods, from simple coffee breaks to Panamanian CEO retreats, to avoid work burnout and recharge your business
Virginia Rubino, 93-Year-Old New York Woman, Loses Parking Spot To Co-Op Board. \u201cMy mom has a limited income. This is costing us a great deal,\u201d Richard told the New York Daily News. He added that while
Black Friday 2012 Deals. \In the old days, all of the great deals were on Black Friday, but now you see some great deals on Black Friday and lots
Comcast Contract Workers Allegedly Scare Seattle Residents With Threatening Sales Tactics. If you think your rights are being violated by your cable service provider, the Federal Trade Commission can help. Click
Make Up Your Mind, Dude. There's a time for larger deficits and a time to be moving toward budget surplus. We want and need cyclical budget deficits to offset slumps; we do not want structural budget deficits that get larger when the economy hits its expansionary stride, which it has not as of yet.
Jack Welch Denies Referencing White House In Jobs Report Conspiracy Theory Claim. Former General Electric CEO Jack Welch denied on Sunday that he had accused the White House of manipulating the September
Honda CR-V Recall. TOKYO, Oct 7 (Reuters) - Honda Motor Co said it would recall about 489,000 CR-Vs in Europe and the United States after finding
Single Euro-Zone Budget Gains Momentum Ahead Of Summit. Britain's support, underlined by Prime Minister David Cameron on Sunday, is also significant, even if it stems more from
Ben Bernanke. Bernanke can often be seen among the crowds at the Nationals' ballpark in sight of Capitol Hill and has rooted for the team
The States With The Cheapest Gas. Since June, gasoline prices have climbed more or less steadily and are now 35 cents per gallon higher than they were a year
Explaining The Jobs Numbers Conspiracy. The unemployment rate fell to 7.8 percent in September, its lowest level since President Obama took office. With just a month
America's Richest Cities. In the poorest economies, there is a much higher proportion of low-end manufacturing and retail jobs. In the U.S. as a whole
Seven Types Of People That Should Never Receive Jobless Benefits. Unemployment benefits are intended to provide some help for Americans who need it most. Sometimes, that money can end up
Willie McPherson And Christopher Manzi Win Mega Millions Jackpot After Playing Together For 25 Years. PHOTO of McPherson and Manzi with their winnings
Why Do People Run Through Large Sums of Money Quickly?. At first, I thought that the problem was people getting too much money too quickly. I assumed that controlling the flow of money, such as giving them monthly payments for a lifetime, would keep them in line. It's a little more complicated than that.
Presidential Debates and Middle-Class Economics. While a lack of middle-class income growth can create headwinds for any economy in the short term, the longer-term risks of political instability and civil unrest can become much greater.
Joseph Stiglitz. \No president, maybe except Nixon, would actually try to change what the Bureau Labor Statistics does or what the DEA does
Mark Pincus, Zynga CEO, Lost $4 Million Per Day. Mark Pincus is the latest social-media CEO to become a billionaire - and then a former billionaire - in just six months. Read
How The Financial Crisis Is Killing African Children. Gold in general has great PR. It's slick, it's hip, it's bling. But in a remote corner of West Africa, it's killing children
Faces Of The Great Depression (PHOTOS). The unemployment rate fell below 8 percent for the first time in nearly 4 years, according to the jobs report released Friday
Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway's Biggest Investments. Below are some of the biggest holdings of Berkshire Hathaway, click over to CNBC for the full list
Parent Plus Loan. That's what happened with J.C., who asked that her name not be used. J.C. took out about $41,000 to help her daughter, an
Pet Halloween Costumes. While the recession may have taken a toll on pet ownership, as Americans own fewer pets than they did in 2006, it seems we're
Pumpkin Spice Latte Shortage. Those lucky enough to have their hands on some syrup are taking advantage of the shortage and heading to eBay to auction
What Mitt Romney and Liar Loans Have in Common (Be Very Afraid). As I watched Governor Romney in the presidential debate Wednesday night I was reminded of a financial tactic the candidate's political supporters and financial backers on Wall Street used during the mortgage boom -- the one that netted them billions of dollars while simultaneously pushing the American economy off a cliff.
Miguel Cabrera Triple Crown Dirt To Sell For $39.99. Miguel Cabrera's Triple Crown win was a victory for the baseball player, whose name will forever be enshrined in sports history
Why Your Credit Score Hates This Time of Year. You and I might revel in the crisp autumn weather, but your credit score hates this time of year. The reason? Starting in October and continuing through the next 90 days, many households dramatically increase their spending.
The Ethical Investor. As I said in my last post, when investing clients tell their stockbrokers that they want to minimize their risk to world events, brokers typically suggest that they increase their holdings of bonds and decrease their common stock holdings. In today's world, this is terribly misguided advice.
Uprade Your Phone For Less!. You're excited to get the hot new cell phone... but your phone is pretty much out of date before your contract is up! Getting an even newer I phone is out of the question and can cost you as much as $800! Did you know that you can get a newer cell phone for less?
The Life Insurance Industry's Big Secret. Insurance companies make money because almost 90 percent of all life insurance policies lapse Let's look at a few of the options you should consider before allowing their life insurance policy to lapse.
What to Buy in October. If you wait till the very last minute, you will find some heavily discounted (yet picked-over) Halloween costumes. But, if procrastination isn't your thing, shop consignment and resale stores.
4 Lessons to Teach Your Children About Credit. Our schools play an important part in educating our children but they don't teach them everything. As parents, you will want to give your kids a head start in life by teaching them about credit before they leave the nest.
Cyber Attacks On Banks Are Price Of Banking In Digital Era. Even though the wave of attacks didn't impact customers' account security, it underscores the new world order that surrounds
Maria Francis, Sacramento Woman, Gets Slammed With $1,558.95 Verizon Bill, Claims Phone Was Off (VIDEO). As it turns out, Francis' bill nightmare didn't end up costing her much more than some frustration. Verizon withdrew the
Quaker Oats Employees Win Powerball Lottery For Second Time This Year. The $10,004 winning ticket was bought by one of the employees at a convenience store in Hiawatha, Iowa, according to KCRG
Thieves Steal Toilet Parts For Scrap Metal, Police Say. A McDonald's and Muchas Gracias restaurant in Longview, Wash. as well as another McDonald's in Woodland and a Dairy Queen
These Dogs Can Sniff Out Cash. Highly trained dogs are working to catch tax-evading smugglers in Italy. Read more on CNN Money
New Housing Data May Signal a Passing Opportunity. The latest housing information indicates that home prices have continued to make a slow and steady recovery. That's good news for the economy in general, and specifically could help homeowners and depositors in savings accounts.
Bradley Birkenfeld, Whistleblower Who Received $104 Million From IRS, Inspires Many to Help Catch Tax Cheats. A new whistleblower program at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has just finished its first year and the first
Should You Pay for an \A? Parents Weigh in -- Part 2. Money, for sure, is a great motivator. The topic of paying kids for good grades, however, is controversial. Some parents say it's akin to bribery. Others insist it's similar to handing out annual bonuses for a job well done; it's just an additional incentive to motivate you to work hard.
How to Stem the Tide of Junk Mail. No matter how diligent your efforts to get yourself off unwanted mailing lists, you're probably still going to get some junk mail. But it's good to know there are ways to significantly scale back the amount.
Macy Gray Admits She Doesn't Know Her Own Net Worth. Gray debuted with the multiplatinum album \Oh How Life Is\ in 1999, and musical stardom also translated into movie appearances
Is There Love in the Air for Your Financial Advisor?. By no means should people frivolously, haphazardly and carelessly pick a financial advisor. But there's no denying the intrigue of this potentially groundbreaking concept.
$1 Trillion of Student Loan in America -- Here's a Quick Tip. 
Top Credit Cards for Balance Transfers. With holiday shopping on the horizon again, many banks have shifted their marketing toward interest-free purchases and away from fee-free balance transfers.
It's Coming...But Just What is Taxmageddon -- The Highlights. Take home pay may be lower beginning January 1, 2013 unless we get some changes to the current expiring tax provisions. Why? Three major areas of change.
5 Ways President Romney Would Screw the 47 Percent. Mitt Romney's now-infamous statement, \My job is not to worry about those people,\ pretty much sums up the Republican nominee's true feelings about who he represents. And if you're in serious debt, it looks like he's talking about you too.
Theodore Scott Wins, Then Loses, $100,000 In Gold Peak Tea's 'Take The Year Off' Contest. Michael Simpson was eventually declared the winner, and Scott says he has legal issues with Simpson's entry, too. He also
Milk Prices Could Double In January If Farm Bill Is Not Extended. Got milk? Your answer may be no come January when milk prices could double. Correction
How to Save Taxes While Being Kind to Animals. Animal-rescue volunteers need to be mindful of tricky rules for donations, whether they take the form of gifts of cash or property or volunteer expenses. What follows is a summary of the many possibilities.
Every Baby Born Today Owes More Than $13,000 In State Debt. According to a study released Tuesday by State Budget Solutions, a nonpartisan group pushing for state budget reform, every
Reno. The Biggest Little City in the World is also the most in-debt city in America. Reno, Nev., holds the distinct of having the highest average debt load per person, with the average resident holding $27,320 in non-mortgage debt.
Pamela Kay Cobb, Former Bank Of America Employee, Sentenced To Prison For Stealing Millions. (Hat tip
Americans May See Smaller Paychecks Next Year As Payroll Tax Breaks Set To Expire. On average, middle-income families have enjoyed around $1,000 in additional income from the payroll tax cut this year. The
Saying 'I Do' to a Prenup. Prenups can be a daunting process of mutual and self discovery. In the long-run, though, it's better to move into a house with clean closets than one with layers of clutter, mess and chaos behind each closed door.
Study. We've become desensitized to the true value of large amounts of money. You might therefore be inclined to brush aside the fact that American consumers are projected to incur $43.5 billion in credit card debt during 2012 for the second consecutive year. That, however, would be a grave mistake.
Companies With The Least Valuable Employees. 24/7 Wall St.
U.S. Answers Florida Cry To End Tomato Pact With Mexico. Mexico's Economy Minister Bruno Ferrari told Reuters earlier this week it was \obvious\ the Florida Tomato Exchange had timed
The Nine U.S. Cities Selling The Most To China. Last year, U.S. exports to China topped $100 billion for the first time. The country is now the third-largest importer of
Banks Forgiving Debts That Don't Exist. GREETINGS, unhappy homeowners! Here's some wonderful news
Confessions, Chaos, How the F#$% and Influence. For the next five days, I will clear my calendar with the intent to raise myself out of the muck by gaining some fresh perspective and ideas at Advertising Week. In no particular order, here is a sampling of sessions I will be attending and why.
The Real Returns of Mobile ROI. Mobility, especially in the convergent world, offers us the closest peek into a host of transactional factors that we have never really seen before.
NFL Referee Lockout. But lockouts are hardly just the domain of professional athletes. As the New York Times' Steven Greenhouse recently reported
Pregnancy Discrimination In The Workplace Target Of New EEOC Crackdown. \Losing my job and facing a brand-new job search right after giving birth was incredibly stressful,\ Feeney said in a statement
Faces Of Child Labor (PHOTOS). Child labor has long been a part of economic life. In U.S. history, as the Industrial Revolution moved the workplace from
$10 Billion in Hidden Costs. Mutual fund investors who choose no-load funds with low management fees no doubt think they are getting the best possible deal. But even investors in \low cost\ funds get hit with hidden costs that amount to more than $10 billion annually.
The 12 Most Overrated Jobs In America. It may seem glamorous to be a slick advertising executive like Jon Hamm on the TV show \u201cMad Men\u201d or like Michael Douglas\u2019s
U.S. Postal Service Doesn't Have To Reduce Service To Save Money, Regulator Says. The PRC opinion said that at most, that plan would save about $2 billion, slightly less than the Postal Service has projected
Happy National Coffee Day! Here Are 10 Jobs Where Workers Need Coffee To Survive. Younger workers and those in the Northeast are particularly big coffee drinkers. And don\u2019t think those who start their day
There's a Tax on What?. I spend a lot of time reviewing the latest tax laws and how they can affect you, but it's fun every now and again to take a step back and look at some of the stranger nuances of tax law.
Margaret Dunning, 102-Year Old 'Belle Of The Concours,' Going Back To College On Full Scholarship. Auto products manufacturer The FRAM Group decided to help send Dunning back to the University of Michigan's Stephen M. Ross
Do You Know This 4-letter 'F Word?'. The 4-letter \F word\ you need to know about is FICO -- it's the score that determines if a lender will lend you money and how much they'll lend you and at what interest rate.
If You're Broke, Fix It (WATCH). One of my HuffPost Live segments Thursday was on why it's so hard to say \I can't afford that!\ Shame, of course, ruled the
When Seniors Need Financial Assistance. There are literally thousands of federal, state and private assistance programs designed to help seniors and others cover their basic needs. Your challenge might be finding ones for which you're eligible. Here are a few suggestions.
Your Bank May Owe You Money. If you are a homeowner facing foreclosure or who has been foreclosed upon, it may look like nothing has been done to help you.The good news is that many steps have been taken to bring help to people who need it. The bad news? They don't matter unless we take advantage of them!
The Most Costly Banking Mistake You Can Make. With consumers expressing confusion over their banks' fee structures and banks ordering transactions in such a way as to maximize their collection of such fees, people continue to get hit with the mother of all fees.
Carol Scott, Time Warner Customer, Charged For Ordering 17 Porn Films In Four Days. Watching 17 porn films in four days would be an impressive feat for even the most avid flesh film fan. Watching five films
What Would a World Without Money Be Like?. 8. Indivisibility problem. Suppose you sold all your wheat for a pair of shoes. What if tomorrow, you want to use part of
What a Good Store-Brand Credit Card Looks Like. The most important question a cashier can ask you is this
Nicholas Ruth, Teen Cancer Survivor, Wins Mega Millions Lottery, Will Pay It Forward (VIDEO). \[Nick is] a nice young man. He's a hard worker, and he's a cancer survivor willing to give back, so he's really an exceptional
6 Shopping Secrets From Department Store Workers. Floor layouts, salespeople's strategies and even storewide sales tap into our most basic consumer impulses. We asked two former department store employees to reveal their juiciest secrets so you save more.
Canadian Cheese Smuggling. The alleged scam, reports CBC News, hinges on smugglers sneaking cases of \brick\ cheese from the U.S. into Canada, then
'Mystery Shopper' Scam Shut Down. New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman ordered offline Idealcorp.net and Survsonl.com, both of which are run by T. Crefideal
Sweet Dreams. Our list of this season's best hotel credit cards features rewards programs that maximize your earnings without holding back on bonus rewards.
Life Changes Can Affect Your Tax Return -- Things to Know. Did you know that a change in marital status, having a child, or sending one off to college, even a change in employment status, can affect your tax return?
Discover To Pay $200 Million In Settlement For Marketing Of Credit-Protection Products. (Reporting by Ashutosh Pandey in Bangalore; Editing by Gary Hill) The agreement comes almost two months after Capital One
Free Checking Accounts Inch Toward Extinction As Cost Of Banking Rises. According to a new survey from Bankrate.com, only 39 percent of banks today offer non-interest checking accounts free of
When Do You Stop Taking Financial Risks?. I knew of a woman who was always trying to meet a guy driving a new Mercedes. She should have been looking for someone who drives a 10-year-old Toyota. The Toyota driver is more likely to have real wealth in the long run.
Drought Causing Farmers To Add Gummy Worms, Ice Cream Sprinkles To Corn Feed. Feed is generally the largest single production expense for cattle operators. Whatever is fed needs to supply energy and
Labor Force Dropouts. \This is significant. People are making the decision to put those off because the assurance of a return to investment is
Avocado Consumption Booming Thanks To NAFTA. Over the course of the aughts, some parts of the United States that are too cold for fruit flies were opened to Mexican imports
A Year After Debit Reform, Consumers Benefit Even as Banks Cast False Blame. While the average American is making less and the income gap widens, profits in the banking industry are higher than they were pre-recession.
America's Poorest States. From 24/7 Wall St
The Most Educated Countries In The World. College graduation rates continued to improve around the world during the recession, according to a recent international
Occupy Wall Street Ideas May Live On As Movement Fades. To contact the editor responsible for this post
Thinking Fast and Slow and Poorly and Well. The world is full of strange behavior. It is natural to theorize this is due to irrational biases. But often apparently strange behavior is the right solution to a complex problem.
Larry Ellison, Oracle CEO, Gets $21 Million Pay Raise Despite Company's Stock Decline. Ellison, one of the most highly paid chief executive officers in the United States, and the world's sixth-richest man, according
Walmart Gender Discrimination Lawsuit Allowed To Proceed, Judge Says. The case in U.S. District Court, Northern District of California is Betty Dukes, Patricia Surgeson, Edith Arana, Deborah
Five States That Donate The Most To Presidential Campaigns. The states that donate the most money to presidential campaigns are among the largest and most populous in the country. Places
What Don't We Know About the iPhone 5?. In the end, why do we care about a 112-gram brick of metal and glass? Because products that operate like extensions of ourselves always win us over in ways that other objects don't. They pull us away from the sameness of daily life and make a claim for our independence.
JetBlue Promises Free Wi-Fi, Faster Connectivity. Some other airlines are testing a modified version of free in-flight Internet, but those feel more like access to a digital
Become an Opportunity Maker With Others. Years ago, a board member brought me into a corporation to lead a team in creating two products that he felt would boost the stock price. Here's how it happened.
10 Cities With the Worst Credit Scores. They say everything is bigger in Texas. But apparently that doesn't apply to credit scores.
Ten Social Security's Nasty Gotchas. Over the years, the rules governing Social Security benefit determination have become so convoluted and indecipherable that even the people working at the local Social Security offices routinely get things wrong.
Government Proposes Simplified Mortgage Disclosure Forms. if you're considering buying a home, review the proposed forms to get an idea of which costs you should be watching out for. Here are some factors future homebuyers should keep in mind.
The Ethical Investor. Completely passive investing in which investors hold a very broad diversified mutual fund or index fund, and hold it forever under a buy and hold strategy creates its own unique set of problems for the individual investor and for the market in general.
Will Smith, 6, Runs Up $3,500 Tiny Monsters Credit Card Bill On Grandfather's iPad. Smith, from North Yorkshire, UK, unwittingly racked up the massive credit card bill while playing the popular children's
Tipping 15 Percent? Many Diners Pay 25 To 30 Percent Gratuity In City Restaurants. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, food and beverage service workers made a median hourly wage of $8.72 per hour
Safest ATM PINs. Cracking the PIN puzzle has always been a major hurdle for thieves. But stealing or guessing a PIN number is not the only
Living Paycheck To Paycheck. SAN ANTONIO, Sept 19 (Reuters) - More than two-thirds of Americans are now living paycheck to paycheck, according to a survey
Mitt Romney Could Have Been A Billionaire. Compared to other private equity titans, Mitt Romney is arguably poor. The 2000s -- the decade when Romney ran the 2002 Winter
Donald Lawson, $337M Powerball Winner, Looks For Love Online. In an interview following his win, Lawson said he didn't see a lavish life in his future. \Yeah, I\u2019m a millionaire now, but
Moving Company Law Imposes Fines For Holding Your Furniture Hostage. Middle-school teacher Leeann Barrett just wanted to work. But to find a good teaching job, she had to leave Eugene, Ore., where
College Students Turn To Sugar Daddies, Egg Donation To Pay For Rising Tuition Fees. About 350,000 of the sugar babies advertising on SeekingArrangement.com are college students, according to CNN, and two-thirds
Eric Leppanen, Maine Artist, Turned Life Of Easy Credit Into Political Art. (Hat tip
Select the Right Trust Before Ringing in 2013. \Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust,\ counseled Oliver Wendell Holmes more than 100 ago. The advice remains sound today -- depending, of course, upon whether you know how to choose the appropriate trust for your circumstances.
Walmart's Fake $100 Bill Fools Leann Ward But Store Doesn't Pay Her Back (VIDEO). (News 8) Check out some other nightmarish stories that involve Walmart
Who Pays Income Tax? (GRAPH). Mitt Romney's comments regarding the 47 percent of Americans who pay no income tax is getting lots of attention today. Our
Most Americans Admit To Making Expensive Money Mistakes. Most Americans say they\u2019ve made big financial mistakes, with many people costing themselves thousands of dollars, according
10 Signs You're Not as Rich as You Could Be. Are you frustrated with your finances? Drowning in debt? Or just not sure where your money goes each month?
Are You Ready and Willing to Play the Money Game?. One of most folks' biggest goals is to reach the stage in life when you no longer have to work in order to pay the bills. The earlier you begin planning seriously to achieve this goal, the more quickly you'll reach it -- and the more money you'll have when you do.
Farm Stands. Ah, the old farm stand, that seasonal roadside wellspring of sweet, ready-to-be-shucked corn, crisp and juicy apples or jugs
Career Advice. In early August, Forbes Leadership put out a call for nominations for our inaugural list of the best career websites, largely
Wells Fargo, SunTrust Add Mobile Check Deposit To Banking Apps. Last month, Bank of America rolled out a remote deposit app and other big banks including JP Morgan Chase, Citibank, PNC
The Best Ways to Organize Your Coupons. Nothing worse than clipping a great coupon and then letting it expire. If you create an effective organization system for your coupons, you will be much more likely to use them before they're outdated and you'll breeze through checkout without fumbling through a wad of paper.
Coin Girl to the Rescue!. Valuing\u00a0small amounts of money is directly connected to paying attention to life's small expenditures. And it's the small outlays of money that you have the most control over.
The Trailer Park Test for Personal Finance. Recently, an accomplished professional woman told me she had wanted to marry a rich man at one point in her life. My response was why?
Saving Money Online. Here are five that the experts say are worth bookmarking
The Fed Decision's Winners And Losers. The Federal Reserve\u2019s announcement \u2013 as widely anticipated as yesterday\u2019s unveiling of Apple\u2019s new iPhone \u2013 that it would
Glenn Hubbard. \u201cI would be much more comfortable if, in fact, Congress would take some of this burden from us and address those issues,\ Bernanke
Gun Sales May Soar If Obama Wins Reelection. Gun sales increased sharply following Obama's election in 2008. Between November 3 and 9 -- the week Obama was elected -- the
The 10 Poorest Countries In The World. According to 2011 data released on Wednesday by the U.S. Census Bureau, 15% of individuals in the United States live below
Debt Collectors Using Prosecutors' Letterhead To Recover Debts. The letters are sent by the thousands to people across the country who have written bad checks, threatening them with jail
War On Poverty A Win. Given the demographic split, it seems clear that better data are needed to understand which populations really face the most
The Best States To Sue A Company. Read
Are You Committed? Should You Be?. What determines how much I have to do?  Peter Drucker, one of the finest business thinkers of the last century, said that as knowledge workers we define both our work and its results. This would imply that we somehow have control of what's to be done.
Four Years Since Lehman Brothers, 'Too Big To Fail' Banks, Now Even Bigger, Fight Reform. Yet any liquidation would probably require a massive cash infusion, at least initially, in order to hold a bank together
Daddy, Where Do Jobs Come From?. The most direct way to create jobs, the only surefire way to be sure stimulus will work, is direct job creation. But we live in a dark age where any fiscal policy to create jobs is viewed as European socialism, despite the fact that Europe's even more austere than we are.
Occupy Wall Street Plans To Surround New York Stock Exchange To Mark Anniversary. On Friday, Twitter was ordered by a New York judge to turn over the tweets of one of the protesters arrested on the bridge
What You Should Know About Your Spouse's Money. You wouldn\u2019t merge companies without combing through a potential business partner\u2019s finances. In financial terms, the joint
Money Laundering Probe Sets Sights On JPMorgan Chase, Bank Of America. Federal and state authorities are investigating a handful of major American banks for failing to monitor cash transactions
Bernanke's QE3 Challenge. Probably the most convincing evidence that Quantitative Easing works is the revival of housing sector. Economists agree that the collapse of housing values is a major deterrent to consumer spending. Housing could finally begin to recover this year.
The Most Expensive College Football Tickets In 2012. American \Nanny State\ Laws Click over to CNBC to get the full list. This list of the top 10 college games of the fall 2012
Free Money Day. For Wall Street, Saturday is a gloomy anniversary
Patrick Stewart, 'Star Trek' Captain Picard, Loses 'Will To Live' Over Time Warner Cable Complaint. He may have survived the Borg, but it appears that Time Warner Cable has assimilated Sir Patrick Stewart's life-force. Or
Shopaholic. RELATED
The Ethical Investor. In addition to the egregious stated fees, stockbrokers, mutual funds and financial advisors on Wall Street have many methods to hide additional fees and charges from you.
Nearly Half Of Single-Mom Households Don't Have Enough Money To Bank. These latest FDIC figures underscore how disproportionately single mothers face conditions that lead to poverty. According
9 Great Checking Accounts for College Students. Each fall, countless retailers run back-to-school specials that promise big savings. But the best money-saving opportunity for students may just be at their local bank.
Is The Middle Class Dying?. There is an implicit promise in America that as long as you work hard, you can raise a family and lead a comfortable life
5 Common Financial Fears (and How to Overcome Them). As Betsy Myers says in Take the Lead, leaders aren't fearless but have the courage to confront and push through their fears
The Middle Class Is Dying. The U.S. is being split into a collection of islands for the rich and a vast land mass for the poor. Just as in third-world countries, if you want to lead a comfortable life, you have to be rich.
Middle-Class American Dream Still Possible, Though More Elusive. The American dream may be more out of reach, but it's not impossible to achieve.
The Most Costly Mortgage Mistake. Deciding on a mortgage is likely the most important financial decision consumers will ever make, yet borrowers are more often than not taking the first loan offer that comes their way, failing to fully capitalize on low rates by comparison shopping.
The Most Outrageous Tax of the Year. Democrats must get serious and back legislation that protects all the relief won in the National Mortgage Settlement, not just some of it. Republicans must stop their willful obstructionism, and follow through on their oft-repeated promises to prevent taxes that hurt the economy.
FAA Says 'Blue Ice' From Plane Not Responsible For Holes In Two Long Island Roofs (VIDEO). Still, the circumstance brought to mind a February incident in which liquid thought to be excrement from a jet rained on
Dirty Lancia Aurelia Classic Car Sells For $242,000 At Auction To Highlight 'Barn Finds' Trend (VIDEO). If Pig-Pen of \Peanuts\ fame were a classic car buff, this model would be nirvana. But this isn't the stuff of comic strips
Online Financial Planning. FutureAdvisor appears to have the most promise for both beginning and advanced investors. Its free services are robust, though
Banks Close Branches, Raise Account Costs. Over the past few years the weak economy, tighter regulation and low interest rates have put pressure on banks to find ways
9/11 Anniversary Promotions. What do you think? Are deals like the Coeur d'Alene's touching, or tacky? Leave your thoughts in the comments section below
Do the Rich Pay Their Fair Share of Taxes?. We are killing this country. CEOs, entrepreneurs, bankers, lawyers, doctors and politicians at the top are all benefiting from the lower cost of labor for their employees and the lower cost of goods imported from low-wage countries. But our workers, our dear workers are getting crushed.
A Visual History Of The $20 Bill. There's been a lot of debate recently about the value of U.S. currency, with the GOP now including an exploratory gold standard
Career Choices According to Election Results. Which will be the best jobs to apply for if Romney wins the election, and who will be hiring if Obama is reelected? Although this is somewhat speculative, making career choices with election results in mind is not without merit.
Electric Shocks Force New York Couple, Millie And Hal Mendelson, To Abandon Their Home (VIDEO). When the couple moved into the house in Pound Ridge, New York, they say the electric substation near their 6-acre property
Jay Leno Volunteers For 50 Percent Pay Cut As NBC Slashes 'Tonight Show' Budget (VIDEO). \All we did was bring it back down to pre-prime-time levels,\ Greenblatt said. New details of NBC's \The Tonight Show\ budget
10 Common Misconceptions About Money. The myths surrounding money are numerous and widely held, especially among the young. It's a shame, because pursuing myths will lead you astray, waste your time and, taken to extremes, ruin your life.
Fitness Jobs Grow With America's Expanding Waistline. \Helping individuals be more active is important and fitness professionals can be at the center of that,\ he said. \The obesity
The Irreplaceable Opportunity of Homeownership. Homeownership offers an opportunity to build wealth, through equity, that renters simply do not enjoy. It needs to be done right; the loans need to be responsible and sustainable. But make no mistake
The Most Expensive NFL Tickets Of The Season. The season opener Wednesday night between the Super Bowl Champion New York Giants and the Dallas Cowboys made the list, but
Francois Hollande On French Economy. \He seemed to be a totally helpless president, expressing hopes for growth, some minor measures that practically came from
Treasury Cutting AIG Stake By $18 Billion, Expects Full Exit By 2013. The announcement also comes in the week that the Federal Reserve is expected to announce it is providing the U.S. economy
Bernard Arnault, France's Richest Man, Seeks Belgian Passport As Country Weighs Tax Increases. A socialist president who took office in the midst of Europe's continuing economic crisis, France's Francoise Hollande faces
France Plots Tax Hikes Of Up To $26 Billion. PARIS, Sept 9 (Reuters) - French President Francois Hollande could outline 20 billion euros ($26 billion) in tax hikes and
Most Expensive States For Raising Children. According to the most recent annual report from the USDA, it now costs $234,900 to provide a child with 17 years of food
Greek Austerity Plan Questioned By Troika Officials. Thousands of Greeks demonstrated against the cuts at a prominent annual trade fair on Saturday in the northern city of Thessaloniki
Mortgage Servicing. If you communicate with your mortgage servicer in writing and do not receive an adequate response, you should notify your local or state consumer protection office.
Too Big To Jail. \The truth is more complicated than can be explained in sound bites,\ he said. The DOJ has issued 30 civil subpoenas in the
Erin Burnett Makes False Claims About Federal Reserve (VIDEO). \Easy money has also sent commodity prices higher. This is the rub,\ Erin Burnett said Friday on her CNN show \OutFront.\ \Gas
The World's Worst Economies. For most of the 20th century, the United States has been considered the world's economic superpower. And up until four years
The Democratic Platform's 10 Best Economic Ideas. Though there is much to dislike in the Democratic platform, such as its continued support for farm subsidies and its call
Lily Diaz Tries To Sell Home Only To Find Wells Fargo Foreclosed On It (VIDEO). These days, the process of selling a home is hard enough. Now imagine selling one you thought you owned but did not. That\u2019s
George Soros To Germany. \LOST DECADE\ Berlin has given its backing to the European Central Bank's new bond-buying programme to lower struggling euro
Lyin' Eyes and Newfound Wealth. The first thing I tell lottery winners, widows, widowers or others who come into large sums of money is to watch out for their family and especially for newfound \friends.\
The Ethical Investor. Investors have been sold a very big lie over the years, that greater diversification always leads to higher risk adjusted returns.
Gaffe At Democratic National Convention Puts Woman's Identity At Risk. But not all hope is lost. Here's what Levin advises this citizen to do immediately to help protect herself. Wednesday night
The $4,000 Suit. A few years ago, Peter Frew came to New York with an important professional skill. He was one of maybe a few dozen people
Every Purchase Is a Trade-Off. When you spend money on one thing, you're choosing not to spend it on another. This is a key tenet of the Get Rich Slowly philosophy
Chicken Wings, Other Football Snacks To Get More Expensive This Season. \This year, highest wing prices we've ever seen in a sustained level,\ said Sally Smith, Buffalo Wild Wings CEO in an earnings
What You Need to Know About Mortgage Rates. In honor of our newest offering, I wanted to answer the three questions about mortgage rates that I get asked most often.
The Best Things to Buy in September. The transition from summer to fall is a great time to release new models and send the old to the clearance section. Here's what you can save on in September.
Odd Jobs. I really wanted the job because I thought scrawling my full-name and social security number on the necessary paperwork was
Zong Qinghou, China's Richest Man, Spends Just $20 A Day. Zong Qinghou, head of China's third- largest beverage maker, is the country's richest man after disclosing his stake in closely
I'm Ashamed of My Money. Promising temp-to-perm positions petered out for my husband. Asking for raises lost me clients as a freelance writer. Unemployment ran out. And now, with two kids in preschool, our \trimming down\ is more like a Brazilian bikini wax.
What Is the Middle Class Nowadays?. Can you find one person in the middle of the middle class that is feeling secure, safe, and encouraged by their financial future? No, what you find in today's middle class is uncertainty, insecurity, fear, and attempts at holding on with very little results.
Political Campaign Donations. Got $100,000 to spare? It could buy you a sleepover at the White House. As the presidential election heats up, so too does
Consumer Prices Under Obama. (SCROLL DOWN FOR INFOGRAPHIC) Prices for health care-related goods and services, higher education and food have all jumped
Personal Shoppers. 3. \My only credential? A passion for fashion.\ With its legions of self-styled experts, YouTube has lowered the barrier
Mark Rinehart, Georgia Math Teacher, Denied Additional Paid Leave To Be With Dying Wife. Time ran out on Thursday for a Georgia woman whose rare infection led to a quadruple amputation and whose husband's unsuccessful
Overdraft Fees Sneak Up With Prepaid Cards, Consumer Advocates Say. However, there is a key difference between checking accounts and prepaid cards. Banks must give checking account customers
New Rules for Your Kid's Allowance. If it's \their\ money, shouldn't they be rewarded for saving by being able to buy what they want? Er... no. We wouldn't allow our kids to buy endless amounts of tooth-rotting candy, would we?
Bladimir Agnite Collects $52 Million After Seeing Himself In Photo Of Mystery Lottery Winner. \I said, 'We're wanted -- in the lotto,'\ he said during a Friday press conference. Watch More News Videos at ABC | 2012
Tsunami Victim Sends Postcard Asking Washington Mayor To Return His Lost Library Cards From Tsunami Debris (PHOTO). \u201cThis man felt compelled to write us, looking for what he lost,\u201d Mayor Bill Simpson said. Washington is one of five states
The Sharing Economy. The so-called American Dream\u2122\u00a0revolves around ownership. Owning a house, owning a car, owning that picket fence surrounding
High-End Credit Cards More Common. High-end services and lavish benefits are the weapons of choice of marketers hoping to attract ultra-high-net-worth individuals
Social Insecurity -- Your Investment Is No Retirement Plan. My advice, at least for those of us still in the workforce, is this
Joseph Azzem Scores $6,000 Refund From Comcast After Bill Mishap. Any excessive bills are not welcome, as cable television bills have already skyrocketed in recent years, causing some to
Walmart Tests Scan & Go iPhone App. Walmart declined to give details on where the test might lead, but it could conceivably allow for scanning on other smart
Hidden Key Fob Trick Allows Users To Roll Down Car Windows. h/t Yahoo! Car owners who are intimidated by the often lengthy and sometimes complicated owner's manuals can find a wealth
Master the Five Factors That Feed FICO This Fall. If your credit score has taken a summer vacation, it's time to make some commitments to yourself to make some changes there, too.
Are You Better Off Today Than You Were Four Years Ago? HuffPost Readers Respond. \Are you better off than you were four years ago?\ President Ronald Reagan asked this question in 1980 and Republicans are
Cleveland Indians Ballpark Menu Makes Awful Arithmetic Mistake [CORRECTION]. CORRECTION
Men Who Pay For Sex May Also Be Hoping To Find True Love, Study Finds. Authored by George Washington University sociology professor Ronald Weitzer and Los Angeles sexologist Christine Milrod, the
What Consumers Ought to Know When Purchasing A Car. Learn to repair a car, too. You can at least save on basic maintenance, and you'll have some fun along the way. And you never know how talented a mechanic you'll be.
The Single Best Tip to Beat High Gas Prices. Personal finance isn't about pinching pennies, it's about becoming wealthier, or at least maintaining your current wealth. In the case of combating rising oil, while pinching pennies doesn't hurt, it doesn't come close to solving the problem.
Investment Banker Jason Selch Moons Boss -- Loses Job And $2 Million Partner Payout. Selch's antics might cut it in a Hollywood movie about an iconoclastic executive, but in the real gray-flannel world of banking
How to Get a Raise Without Asking. Those who get tips as a normal part of their jobs often have the ability to write their own raise. It is one of the advantages to what are often seen as low-paid service jobs. Here are some of the ways that tipped employees boost their income.
Odd Jobs At The DNC. Compensate, meaning a free meal. But for a guy getting paid $2.13 an hour without tips, Miller seemed to be genuinely enjoying
The Best Paying Jobs Of The Future. Because most of these positions are in the medical field, many require at least a master\u2019s degree, and in many cases a doctoral
Do America's Corporations Care How Much American Workers Earn?. Despite worries about sagging consumer confidence and shrinking paychecks, business leaders seem unconcerned about the declining standard of living of middle class America, or about the growing number of American families slipping into poverty.
Obama Owes Us An Explanation. President Barack Obama owes us an explanation for why the economy has been working so much better for financial behemoths than it has for ordinary people.
Germans Want To Cut Greece Loose. LONDON, Sept 3 (Reuters) - Only a quarter of Germans think Greece should stay in the euro zone or get more help from other
The Best Paying Jobs You Can Get With A High School Degree. Having a college education dramatically improves one\u2019s chances of finding employment, a recent report released by Georgetown
Ex-BP CEO Gets His Life Back. IF there's a public villain of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill -- one person who, rightly or not, will be remembered for the
U.S. Companies Conduct Fire Drills In Case Greece Exits Euro. Even as Greece desperately tries to avoid defaulting on its debt, American companies are preparing for what was once unthinkable
America's Worst-Paying Jobs. Hope you're all having a nice Labor Day weekend! But while enjoying the time off, shopping for mattresses or whatever, please
The Omerta Surrounding Goldman Sachs. If it is true we are sleepwalking into a depression worse than we have known before, we must wake up quickly.
Central Falls, Rhode Island Bankruptcy. Central Falls is a city of about 19,400 people, 60 percent of them Latino, crammed into 1.2 square miles. Over time, as elsewhere
Moody's EU Credit Rating Outlook Changed To Negative. Moody's said the EU's rating would be particularly sensitive to any changes in the ratings of these four Aaa member states
Who's Fighting for Workers?. I know who's fighting for wealthy people, for the finance industry, for the oil companies. I can see who's fighting for the troops and even for the poor, though the latter are surely harder to find than the rest. But who's fighting for working people?
Private Equity Tax Strategy Probed By IRS 5 Years Ago But No Formal Action Taken. A spokesman for the U.S. Internal Revenue Service said on M onday the agency had no immediate comment on the issue. After
Back-To-School Letter To The U.S. Congress. NEWPORT BEACH \u2013 What if members of the United States Congress, now returning from their summer recess, were to receive a
David Mulford, Credit Suisse Executive, Faces Extradition For Role In 2001 Argentine Debt Swap. * Mulford was U.S. Treasury undersecretary, ambassador The Swiss bank declined to comment. Federal Judge Marcelo Martinez
9 Ways to Save on Food for Labor Day Travelers. Don't let gas prices put the brakes on your holiday plans. Use these easy tips to scrimp painlessly on food. You'll enjoy a healthier, less stressful weekend.
10 Jobs Disappearing From America. There will be more severe declines within certain postal occupations. Postal Service mail sorters, processors and processing
The Best Jobs In The United States. Are you a fan of your job? If not, you may want to consider becoming an engineer or dental hygienist. That\u2019s because those
There Once Was a Union-Made. I walked in and meandered around the shop, looking at the pricy shirts, pants, sweaters, jackets, shoes, and other articles of clothing. After examining the apparel, I couldn't find any items with a union label. What gives?
Are Politicians Pointing to the Wrong Chinese Patent Problem?. This dramatic change was discussed last week in an Aug. 30 Washington Post story by Jia Lynn Yang
Key to Success. It's an interesting American paradox. People with my personality start big companies. Steve Jobs and Bill Gates are examples. Once the big companies get started, they never hire that same type of rebellious personality to work there. The few times I tried conforming, I failed miserably.
Banks Face Threat Of Billions In U.S. Fines Over Iran Connections. A half-hearted shuffling forward to settle years-old claims of busting U.S. sanctions on Tehran is becoming a stampede since
Bain Capital Among Private Equity Firms Probed Over Tax Strategy. The Internal Revenue Service has so far not banned such a practice, which some private equity fund managers argue is done
San Bernardino Eminent Domain Fight Closely Watched By Other Struggling Communities. The pension and institutional investment funds that actually own these loans would get paid fair market value. Mortgage Resolution
America's Most Stressful Jobs. And what kind of jobs cause the most stress? Law enforcement agents, taxi drivers and corporate executives are some of the
CNN's Erin Burnett Makes Misleading Claims About Federal Reserve. \That is not a cheap cost per job,\ Burnett said. \For those who are keeping track, we are not counting the president's extra
American Cities Adding The Most Jobs. The Great Recession has affected nearly every person in the United States. But the recovery has fared better in some parts
Middle Class America. Things aren\u2019t going very well for the middle class right now. If you don\u2019t believe us, take a look at these charts. Over
Stanford Group Executives Charged By SEC For Role In Ponzi Scheme. According to the SEC, Comeaux knew that the bank wouldn't disclose details of its investment holdings, but still used marketing
LinkedIn, Unemployment And The Online Job Search. \Within a few years there\u2019s going to be tremendous perception of what\u2019s actually happening at all levels of the economy and
America Deserves a Raise. There can be no better way to honor the American worker then to support an increase in the minimum wage to a living wage of at least $10 per hour. That would be one Happy Labor Day.
8 College Budget Busters and How to Avoid Them. This year, as millions of students begin college or their college search, their parents will go along for the ride literally, figuratively and financially.
Could Staying Off Facebook Hurt Your Career?. Raise your hand if you've heard that an improper Facebook post could hurt your chances with a potential employer. (Well, okay
Labor Day Sales 2012. Labor Day is here. And though you'll have to put your white pants away in storage until next season, you may also want to
10 Highest-Paying Companies For Millennials. Once they do find a job, many Gen Yers look for employment in companies that allow for flexible schedules and embrace their
Next Step Offers Prepaid Card For Addicts To Curb Access To Cash. The MasterCard comes with built-in controls so that cardholders cannot use it at liquor stores, bars, escort services, casinos
Obama or Romney. With the election coming up and the choice left to either Barack Obama or Mitt Romney, anyone concerned about their personal finances might want to look at the positions of the two candidates and factor that into their voting strategy.
The Ethical Investor. In speaking with my financial advisory clients, I find the most misunderstood concept is the difference between nominal returns and real returns. And Wall Street brokers and bankers are very quick to take advantage of this situation.
Virgin Airlines 'Mission. Branson said that his Galactic spaceship will be ready to take fare-paying customers into space by December 2013, according
5 Reasons We Need Free Credit Scores Now. If you want to see the most commonly used \final grade\ -- your FICO credit score -- you're expected to pay $19.95. That's not fair. It shouldn't be allowed to continue, and you can help change it.
Underearners Anonymous Helps The Perpetually Underpaid. Money troubles don't only bubble up after someone loses a job or builds up debt. Some people believe they create their own
How To Get What You Need For Very Little Money. We're a society of consumers. Often we buy on impulse and we eventually end up with a houseful of stuff we no longer need
The Best Rewards Credit Cards. Do you spend a lot on your credit card? If you do but don't use a credit card that earns you the best rewards, you're not
Why You're Not Actually Poor. I am sick of hearing about the trials and tribulations of the middle class.
Antique Chairs Expected To Fetch $250K For Struggling Canadian Church. In a press release detailing the auction, Sotheby's describes the chairs as a pair of Huanghuali Yokeback Armchairs dating
Bank Of America, Fifth Third Join Banks Offering Simplified Checking Account Fee Disclosures. Bank of America and Fifth Third are the latest banks to roll out streamlined forms that outline key policies and fees for
In Conversation With My Friend, a Prostitute. \u201cWhen I jokingly call myself a \u2018prostitute\u2019\u2014or not even jokingly, seriously, with a client\u2014he\u2019d be like, \u2018don\u2019t say that
What I've Learned From 20 Years of Personal Finance. Being on TV today is an indication of a good publicist more than genuine expertise. Harmless when you're talking fashion, perhaps, but dangerous when the advice concerns your life savings.
Should Your Child Pay for Back-to-School Shopping?. Even though 85 percent of parents say they'll find sales, here's one surefire way parents can save a little money and teach a valuable lesson
Check Cashiers, Banks Prepare for Paperless Future. HuffPost Live will be taking a comprehensive look at the persistence of poverty in America Aug. 29 and Sept. 5 from 12-4
5 Ways You Can Rebuild Your Credit Score. Has your credit score taken a hit because of the Great Recession? Foreclosures, unemployment and other financial struggles have hurt a lot of people's credit history. So how do you go about fixing it?
8 Tips to Avoid Investing in a Ponzi Scheme. Whether it's one million or ten million, people will still fall prey to these schemes until they pay attention to some basic rules of thumb to help you avoid them.
New Balance Pays Fat Settlement In Toning Shoes Lawsuit To People It Did Not Slim. New Balance's shoes, which originally retailed for around $100, were introduced in 2010 and advertised as stylish toning
Walmart Cutting Gas Prices For Cardholders Through Christmas Eve. Grocery chain Kroger Co often offers gasoline discounts to loyal patrons. Warehouse clubs Costco Wholesale Corp, Wal-Mart's
New Name for Payday Won't Fix It. Payday lenders know their name is mud. That's why they've started calling themselves \nonbank lenders\ -- nixing any mention of \payday,\ in hopes a name change will help shed their loan-shark image.
Who Will Occupy the Bubble?. Is the Fed to blame for our ills?  A forthcoming film, The Bubble, makes that case.
Creating a Successful Business or Career. Until the age of 30, Marc Allen's life was pretty much a mess. He got fired from several jobs; he was always living on the edge financially; he was homeless at times. He woke up on the morning of his 30th birthday and realized he didn't want to live like that anymore.
Ten Unusual Ways to Make Money Outdoors. In my book 101 Weird Ways to Make Money I have a section on making money outdoors, with the focus on the more unusual occupations. Here are some of the ways covered there that can get you out in the sun and fresh air (and rain and snow) while you make a living.
U.S. Consumer Confidence Hits Nine-Month Low. The expectations index tumbled to 70.5 from 78.4, while the present situation index edged down to 45.8 from 45.9. The Conference
Foreign Tourists Charged An Automatic Tip At Restaurants In Burlington, Vermont. Some Hawaiian restaurants are guilty of charging foreigners an automatic tip, too. Waikiki restaurant Keoni by Keo's was
Married Gay Couples Forced To Face Tax Issues. (Reuters) - While most tax news in this election cycle is focusing on expiring tax cuts, what may be most revolutionary about
U.S. Home Prices Rose For Fifth Consecutive Month. The S&P/Case Shiller composite index of 20 metropolitan areas gained 0.9 percent on a seasonally adjusted basis, topping
What My Parents' Divorce Taught Me About Money. You should never rely on someone else to manage everything for you. Does this mean, now that I'm grown and married myself, that I regard my husband with perpetual skepticism, always under the assumption that he's about to take the money and run? Not at all.
Romney Family's 130-Year-Old Debt Now Worth $25,000, Says Author Who Wants Mitt Romney To Pay Up. This is not the first time details of the Romney family saga have come to light. The prominent Mormon's family history has
3 Lessons That the Back-to-School Season Can Teach Us About Credit. The back-to-school season can teach us a few things about our improving our credit scores, too. Here are three lessons we can learn.
How to Handle a Parent's Finances Remotely. Taking over an aging parent's finances is a difficult -- but important -- step to protect them from the consequences of neglecting their accounts. But once adult children have made that difficult decision, they may find that they have to deal with another obstacle
The Blame Game. They face ongoing frustration in dealing with servicers while they implement their programs, time delays, lost paperwork, and stress. Add to that a lack of accountability on behalf of the banks and faulty practices like robo-signing, and homeowners are vulnerable to mistakes and wrongful practices.
Postal Service Financial Problems. To continue reading, click here. 4. We're hiring our competitors to do our jobs for us. 2. Our retirees are just fine, thanks
Why Millennials Aren't Spending Any Money. In 2009, Ford brought its new supermini, the Fiesta, over from Europe in a brave attempt to attract the attention of young
How To Fix Your Horrible Credit. As you have learned, one of the consequences of not paying what you owe is \horrible credit.\ However, with time your credit
What A Republican Looks Like. Do politics drive voters' spending habits? A Scarborough Research study shows that Republicans are more likely to grab a
How To Not Get Audited By The IRS. We all have to pay taxes and no one wants any trouble. Follow these three simple rules and you'll reduce your chances of
Internet Tax. The Federal Communications Commission is eyeing a proposal to tax broadband Internet service. The move would funnel money
Bundesbank Bank Chief Axel Weber. To avert this risk, German finance ministry officials were exploring an option where Spain or Italy would make a commitment
Office Romances Often Sparked By Emoticon-Laced Emails. But even though they might literally be sending the wrong message, the majority of both male and female workers say they
Obama And Romney's Campaign Donations Visualized [INFOGRAPHIC]. Romney may be catching up. After the Supreme Court's decision to uphold the Affordable Care Act, his campaign received a
A Flicker of Hope for Savings Account Rates. July's jobs report may prove to be good news for the economy. But if you want good news on bank rates anytime soon, you'll have to make it happen yourself.
One Man Against The Wall Street Lobby. There is a new powerful voice who knows how big banks really work and who is willing to tell the truth in great and convincing detail. Jeff Connaughton has just published a page-turning memoir that is also a damning critique of how Wall Street operates.
Bush-Era Tax Cuts Will Cost U.S. Nearly $1 Trillion Over Next Decade [GRAPHIC]. Keeping tax cuts for the wealthy could cost the U.S. big time. Letting the Bush-era tax cuts of 2001 and 2003 expire on schedule
Joseph Caramadre Is A Robin Hood Or Con Artist Depending On Who You Ask. At Penn Mutual, Caramadre broke sales records, becoming at age 24 one of the youngest Golden Eagles \u2014 a recognition the company
Different Types Of Medical Marijuana. Positions on the efficacy of medical marijuana vary, but thousands of patients suffering from cancer, AIDS, and other diseases
Francois Hollande. \Some are betting that Greece will not make it. I am here to assure the French president that Greece is determined to make
As Convention Looms, A Look At What's Working In Tampa. This article was published by our partner, the Tampa Bay Times, as part of their coverage of what's working in the local
Kid's Allowance Is $780 Per Year On Average. Unfortunately, most of the money kids earn is spent on buying toys or hanging out with friends, leaving little money leftover
Lottery Tickets Sales Hitting Record Numbers. While it's possible to make the argument that there are worse ways to waste your money than playing the lottery, there's
The Ethical Investor. This is the first in a new series on personal finance. Each Friday morning I will be exploring ways for you to become better investors. We begin with the first installment that is a list of the 20 ways Wall Street is ripping off small investors like yourself.
Kristen Ruggiero, Rhode Island Waitress, Receives 1,000-Percent Tip. The strangers at Ruggiero's table owed $42 for their pizza. A generous 20-percent tip would have left Ruggiero with $8. Check
Target Cheaper Than Walmart In August. Prices may also play a bigger role in determining where Americans shop as people continue to deal with the financial consequences
Below the Fold. According to the New York Times, the debt collection industry has been a heavy user of \robo-signed\ affidavits. Remember the robo-signing debacle with mortgages?
Linda Aldred, Grandmother Of British Olympian, Wins Long-Shot Bet, But Bookies Refuse To Pay. The 66-year-old widow placed the \u00a35 bet (about $8) in honor of her late husband Eric, a man who \loved a bet,\ according
FTC Wins Judgment Against Get-Rich-Quick Informercial Scammers. But the FTC said the people behind that system and two others made false and unsubstantiated claims about how much money
Hurricane Season and Insurance Coverage. Tropical weather is heating up! Now that we are in the thick of hurricane season, you may be wondering about disaster insurance
Are Credit Card Rewards Really Worth It?. With issuers dangling bonuses like $100 cash back just for signing up, it can be easy to lose sight of exactly how rewarding
American Express Ranks Highest In Consumer Satisfaction Survey. However, even the beloved American Express has some potential black marks on its customer service record. As the Huffington
10 Things You Should Never Pay For. Is the era of free stuff coming to an end? Many signs would point to yes. Banks continue to slap on fees for what most considered
The Biking vs. Driving Calculator. For longer trips (such as the 8-1/2 mile jaunt into downtown Portland), I've been using my bike. Portland has one of the country's best biking cultures, so this is easy to do. And fun. And it's cost effective. How cost effective? That's the real question, isn't it?
The 10 Best Looking Cars Of All Time. Dreaming of these beauts or something similar? They\u2019re not a purchase to make lightly even if you have the cash, as Money
PayPal Payment Cards Extend Service's Reach Beyond The Web. By Alistair Barr The new cards will have a Discover Issuer Identification Number, or IIN, a code that identifies the card
Zombie Bank Account. But a month later the account sprang back to life, becoming what is known as a zombie account. And it's still not dead. What
The Banks Are Dictating the Housing Market. We have buyers and sellers who cannot come together on a sales price due to a third party interfering with the market value. The results are a shifting population and a creation of a heretofore unknown predicament for the middle class.
Why I Do Business With Big Banks. Okay, I've admitted it
How To Look Expensive For Less. We can't all afford to have an army of pros perfecting our hair, nails and makeup before we leave the house--which is why
4 Ways to Protect Your Child From Identity Theft. Imagine this
Some Presidential Words on Federal Income Taxes. Income taxes are such a pervasive and everyday part of our financial lives -- and such a central issue in presidential campaigns -- that they seem to have been around forever. They have not. Their debut is relatively recent.
Real Confessions of Debt Collectors. We spoke with four people about their experiences as debt collectors and what consumers should know when they get on the phone with them.
Sharing Is Caring, But Could It Also Make You Money?. Greed got us into our economic and environmental crises; sharing might just get us out of them.
What Bills You Should Pay First. Can't keep up with your bills? On average we receive eight to 10 statements per month. Paying them all in a timely manner
Rich People Give A Smaller Share Of Their Income To Charity Than Middle-Class Americans Do. The rich are not redistributing that money back to society. Total tax rates are roughly flat in effect across income levels
Retirement Planning Explained In Beer. Yes, sometimes the topic of personal finance is a bit dry. But personal finance explained in beer? Now we're talking. Read
Iowa Lottery Mystery May Be Solved By Surveillance Video. \I don't recall the quality of [the video] being excessively great,\ Patrick Townsend, a special agent with the Iowa Department
'Best Butt' Discount. In January, a New York City Papa Johns customer got more than she ordered, when her receipt came back with \lady chinky eyes
High-Paying Jobs That Will Surprise You. LearnVest
One In Five Americans Can't Afford Food. Americans in southern states were the most likely to have a hard time buying groceries, while residents of the Mountain Plains
Facebook. So while Facebook was once a great social media platform, both individual and corporate users are calling to question its relevance and the return on investment from using this platform.
Bank Fees Survey Mid-2012. Nearly any way you slice it, checking accounts became a little more expensive in the first half of 2012. However, the results also indicate that consumers still have several options for combating these costs.
6 Things Cheaper Than The Cost Of Child Care. Last year, the average cost of infant care was higher than $10,000 per year in 19 states and Washington, D.C. Infant care
Summer Work Clothes. Attention office workers
Bank of America To Keep 'Zombie' Checking Accounts Closed In Policy Shift. As The Huffington Post reported earlier, the reopening of an old account can be unexpected at best and costly when overdraft
Marriage Counselors. RELATED
Canada $100 Bill Controversy. * Picture of Asian woman on banknote removed after complaints * Bank of Canada makes rare apology, first since 2003 Carney
Divorce Too Expensive For Poorest Americans, New Study Says. While there are some financial benefits to long-term separation, there are also risks in remaining legally married, such
T-Mobile Accused Of Billing Darrel Dalziel For Several Months After His Death (VIDEO). Three days after Darrel Dalziel died in late February, his son, Lew Channel, called T-Mobile to cancel his father's cellphone
Defense Workers To Congress. With two teenagers at home, Larkin is worrying about how he will pay for college tuition if the cuts come. He's recruiting
Paul Ryan, Fiscal Hawk, Broke With Mitt Romney To Support Auto Bailout. Ryan's federal budget proposal would scale back federal Pell Grants for college tuition -- a move that would hit Blackhawk
Paul Ryan Would Likely See Healthy Tax Cut Under His Tax Plan. Ryan's tax plan as written, of course, is at a significant distance away from reality. Such a drastic restructuring would
Shane Smith & Eddy Moretti Talk Youth Unemployment On HuffPost Live (VIDEO). HuffPost Live president & co-creator Roy Sekoff was joined by VICE founder & CEO Shane Smith and Chief Creative Officer Eddy
Nearly Half Of Corn Devoted To Fuel Production Despite Historic Drought. Still, the drought lays bare the folly of trying to expand an industry where the economic fundamentals don\u2019t make much sense
Deutsche Bank Probed Over Alleged Ties To Iran, Sudan. Authorities have said in the past other foreign banks are under investigation. The report of the Deutsche Bank probe came
Youth Unemployment. I wonder if young people understand how to deal with adversity. If young people have been sheltered from overcoming failure, they may not understand that adversity ultimately leads to opportunity.
America's Oldest Brands. Consumers, it seems, are always after the shiny new product. For some industries, the latest version is always the most popular
Michael Prozer, 'Millionaire Matchmaker' Client, Sentenced To Prison After Lying About His Wealth (VIDEO). That's the case of Michael Prozer, a one-time star on Bravo's \Millionaire Matchmaker\ who pleaded guilty in federal court
Powerball Lottery. The winner had not come forward by Thursday evening to claim the third-largest winner's share ever for a U.S. lottery, which
The 10 Best and Worst States for Credit Conditions. People are out of work, deeply in debt, and having their homes foreclosed. It's a grim picture. However, that is not an accurate picture of the whole country. The fact is that credit conditions vary radically from state to state.
When Working With a Creditor, Get All the Facts. Instead of calling the creditor and dealing with the embarrassment and frustration of trying to work out a payment plan, start with a smaller goal in mind
The Luck Of The Draw Will Fail You. The lottery is ruining your life. Whether you buy lottery tickets once a day or once a year, the lottery is destroying you because it is insidiously convincing you that the only way you can succeed in life is through luck instead of skill.
How To Get What You Want From Customer Service. 1. Anytime you have to call customer service because of a grievance (airlines, electronics, utilities, ESPECIALLY for health
Getting A Raise. Didn\u2019t get a raise this year? Blame inflation. To be sure, employees are better off than they would be if prices started
Powerball Lottery Jackpot. What do you think? Does it pay to buy a lottery ticket? This week's $337 million Powerball jackpot -- the fourth-largest
\u2018Snowball' Debt Method Is Fastest Way To Pay Off Your Bills, Research Shows. Personal finance experts like author Dave Ramsey promote the snowball method, which is based on the idea that by starting
Mobile Payments On The Rise, Helping Consumers Feel Less Pain From Spending. There is not much academic research on mobile payments and consumer behavior, since the technology is still only a few years
Is Franchise Ownership Right for You? Here's What You Should Know. If you have the drive to be an entrepreneur, but have concerns about going out on your own, you may want to consider a franchise business.
Pet Ownership Down In U.S. Since Recession. The U.S. population of dogs, cats, pet birds, and horses has plunged. There now are 3 percent fewer dogs, 9 percent fewer
Playing Poker With the Fed. The Fed is like a poker player who has been dealt a weak hand. It's easy to criticize a losing player, but when one looks at the cards, it's hard to say exactly what should be done differently.
What Warren Buffett Can Teach Us About Personal Finances. Warren Buffet is one of the world's wealthiest men, but spends like a struggling middle class professional. Although we can't all be worth billions, we can all learn from his example of spending less than he earns.
5 Credit Cards Facts You Didn't Know About. The credit card industry can be tricky and the lack of financial literacy can create a financial nightmare. There's always the \fine print\ details that most consumers overlook.  How many of these were you aware of?
Juan Manuel Sanchez Gordillo, Spain's 'Robin Hood' Mayor, Robs Supermarkets, Gives Groceries To Poor. \You can't be Robin Hood and the Sheriff of Nottingham,\ said Alfonso Alonso, spokesman for the ruling People's Party (PP
Steve Boggan, British Writer, Follows $10 Bill Across America. As he wrote in the Daily Mail
5 People Identity Thieves Target. Identity thieves are eager to make you one of the nearly 9 million people in the U.S. whose identities are stolen each year
Valuing Families and Our Nation's Future. While families must recommit themselves to stricter economic discipline and prioritize saving over spending on \wants,\ families cannot do it alone. Investing in children should be a national priority.
Win Without Losing... Money. Managing my wealth this way allowed me to achieve financial independence at the age of 34 as well as avoid the market crashes of 2008 and 2009.
20 Ways To Save On Food. More than a third (36 percent) of respondents expect higher food prices because of it. Here\u2019s how they plan to avoid a bigger
It's a Marathon, Not a Sprint. The job search is a marathon with many different routes and many different finish lines. No one says it's easy, but no one says it has to be difficult. So brace yourself for the experience and make the best of it.
Fifty Ways to Save Money -- Now. I feel like I've been finessing the art of spending less money without crossing the line into insane-cheapo-lady for, well, my entire existence. Like everything in life, it's both an art and a science.
College Tuition. RELATED
Checking Accounts Get More Expensive, Survey Shows. \u201cThis is the most comprehensive rising fee trend we\u2019ve seen in one of our checking account surveys,\ said Richard Barrington
Getting A Raise. Think you deserve a higher salary? You're not alone. Salaried workers (those not eligible for overtime pay) received an average
The Program That's Getting Veterans Into Homes. To be sure, VA loans aren't the best fit for every military borrower. Veterans with sterling credit and enough cash to cover a healthy down payment might want to seek conventional financing. But that's far from the norm for most service members and their families.
Madeleine Otto, 99, Denied Credit Card Because Of Age. Otto was reportedly buying shoes for her 100th birthday celebration on Oct. 18, and it was the store that offered her the
Unhappy With Your Family's Gift-Giving Culture? So Do Something About It Already!. Do you spend the month of December annoyed and stressed out because your family's gift-giving expectations are out of control? Please take comfort in knowing that you are not alone.
Bellingham Costco Overwhelmed By Canadians Buying Cheap Milk, Customers Request American-Only Hours (VIDEO, PHOTO). That's a right some residents in Bellingham, Wash., are lobbying for after droves of Canadians began flooding the Costco
Houses Of Worship Accept Plastic, Too. For anyone who spends time pondering the cost of keeping the lights on and the staff paid at their houses of worship, the
Ethanol Production Slows From Drought, Pushes Gas Prices Higher. Benchmark December corn futures at the Chicago Board of Trade are up 60 percent since mid-June. (Reporting By Steven C. Johnson
George Soros To Marry Tamiko Bolton. Soros, who is an active contributor to politically liberal causes and frequently speaks on world economic events, converted
10 Cities Where Workers Have Big Cursing Problems. But those who like to swear as much as our esteemed Treasury Secretary better be careful. The survey also found that most
Paul Ryan's Budget Proposals Have Drawn Much Criticism From Liberal Economists. Matt Miller, a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress, was also critical of the Roadmap in 2010, and wrote in
Swiss Banks Sweat As U.S. Mulls Punishment For Tax Evasion Problem. Adding to the agony, several key U.S. officials plan to step down, which could mean negotiations having to be reset. Another
America's Most Affordable Housing Markets. The housing crash that began in late 2006 resulted in trillions of dollars in lost wealth and millions of families owing
France's 75% Millionaires Tax and America's Insidiously Crafted Two Tiered Law Enforcement. If the rule of law is not applied equally, whereby a teenager harboring a pack of marijuana gets jail time while executives who cashed in millions pedaling fraudulent financial instruments remain untrammeled, the very edifice of America begins to crumble.
Rhode Island Struggles With Enormous Pension Problem. \And when you've got individual small employers trying to navigate investment markets and taking on all of the actuarial
It's Criminal, not Ethical. If we presume to be a society living under the 'rule of law' then we need our laws to be consistent and enforced uniformly. We need to strip corporate leaders of any 'shield' to their responsibility to follow both the letter and the intent of the law.
From Safety Net To Springboard. This used to be what it meant to be American.  This used to be the way we kept our promise of economic progress and social mobility.  Has it really been so long that we've forgotten how to do that? Are we so determined to be myopic that we leave a skills gap to another generation?
Sacramento Area Officials Explore Using Eminent Domain To Aid Underwater Homeowners. Sacramento and Elk Grove officials are exploring a controversial plan to use their powers of eminent domain to seize underwater
Olympic Excellence Only Occurs With Teamwork, Flexibility And Gut Instinct. The Olympic Games are unparalleled in their ability to break down barriers. Here are four ways that athletes follow an entrepreneurial path to achieve greatness.
11 Brand Names That Sound Hilarious In A Different Language. Any company pushing overseas struggles with new demands and cultures. But the most annoying obstacle may be that pesky language
Justin Peterson, 12, Fined For Fundraising Efforts. As for Peterson, who has helped send more than three dozen veterans to the nation's capital by selling hamburgers, holding
How Consumers Can Avoid Hurting Their Credit Score. Whether you want to buy a new car or rent an apartment, your credit score can help lenders determine how attractive you are as a borrower. The problem is, many of us don't know how our credit scores are calculated or how we may be damaging them.
Why It's Important to Conduct a Mid-Year Tax Review Now. Summertime means beach, barbeques and much needed vacation time. Probably the last thing on your mind is your taxes. Yet this is the perfect time to review your tax situation.
Back-To-School Shopping. With the new school year right around the corner, many families can expect to shell out hundreds of dollars on new school
Supermarkets Try Customizing Prices For Shoppers. It used to be that with dedication and a good pair of scissors, one grocery shopper could get the same coupons -- and cheap
10 Luxury Cars That Are Most Likely To Be Stolen. Recently, over a dozen stolen high-end cars were discovered in shipping containers at a port in Los Angeles. The cars, which
How to Ease the Stress and Money of Back-to-School. A new school year is beginning, and while kids are heading back to reading, writing and arithmetic, parents are stressing about time and money.
How To Have A Stress-Free Life. Say cheese! Believe it or not, a big smile may be your key to a stress-free life. A new study from the Association of Psychological
Searching for the Best Deposit Rates in America. With deposit rates continuing to fall, consumers need every edge they can get to earn a decent yield.
Life Insurance Can Be Your \Lifeline\ in Estate Tax Debate. Without a doubt, there's a huge chasm between the current exemptions/rates and the proposals.  Does a senior optimistically plan for the $5 million exemption or look to a much pricier reality with the exemption at merely $1 million?
Getting the Job Interview. If you are a recent college graduate, or planning to enter the workforce in the near future, here are some suggestions to put yourself into the circle of most-appealing employee prospects for companies like mine.
6 Tips for Managing the Cost of Your Prescription Medications. Cutting back on pharmaceutical costs -- without cutting back on the medicine you need -- is easier than you think.
Medical Bills, Health Insurance Cause Uncertainty. Like a lot of other young people, I never thought about health insurance until I got sick. I was 22, and my adult life was
The Cost Of Being An Olympic Athlete. RELATED
Bank Of America Adds Mobile Check Deposit To iPhone App. The rise in mobile banking comes as banks look to cut costs by closing branch locations. Bank of America has said it planned
Hallandale Beach Renters To Lose Running Water Due To Landlord's Unpaid Bills. This won't be the first time tenants end up suffering because of their landlord's failure to pay the bills on time. Earlier
Government Cracks Down On Offshore Tax Havens. Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney has acknowledged that he had money in a Swiss bank account until 2010. Romney
TV Anchors' Pay. For all the buzz about how much television news anchors earn these days--Matt Lauer recently made waves after reportedly
Untangling the Web of Retirement and College Savings. The reality is that a college degree is table stakes in the job market today, and figuring out how to foot this bill has become one of the greatest financial challenges facing parents.
Step Aside, Florida. Because asking prices lead sales prices by approximately two or more months, the Monitors reveal trends before other price indexes do. With that, here's the scoop on where prices and rents are headed.
How To Get Free Stuff. Check out these secrets for scoring Wi-Fi, music, software and classes without paying a dime. Read more on CNN Money
Michael Comeau, New York Resident, Has Camera Returned To Him 3 Years After Losing It. John Noerr, 39, discovered that the digital camera's memory card was still intact with 581 photos on it that could be used
Elvis Presley Library Card Could Fetch Thousands At Auction. The library card, which Presley, then 13 years old, signed to check out a copy of \The Courageous Heart
10 Of The Most Expensive Schools In The World. We compiled a list of the most recent reported tuitions at some of the world's most expensive schools. These costs do not
Amancio Ortega, Zara Founder, Becomes World's Third-Richest Person, Overtaking Warren Buffett. On Tuesday, Ortega's net worth rose to $47.4 billion, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index, thanks to Inditex's
Alston Buchanan, Former Comcast Employee, Accused Of Selling Illegal Cable Hookups That Soaked Millions From Company. Buchanan, a former Comcast employee, and the others are believed to have sold service upgrades to more than 5,000 Comcast
Prepaid Cards Have Average Lifespan Of Six Months, Fed Study Says. The study showed that the cost of using a prepaid card was a minimum of between $3 and $10.50 per month, with some cards
Seth Horvitz, D.C. Man, Orders Television Online, Gets High-Powered Assault Rifle Delivered. \We\u2019ve seen in recent weeks the tremendous damage these guns can do,\ Dan Gross, the president of the Brady Campaign said
Buying and Selling on Craigslist Like a Pro. From iPhones to even selling my car, Craigslist is my go to website for selling and buying everything. Here are five tips I've learned.
Slim Thug Pens New Book 'How To Survive In A Recession' Offering Personal Finance Advice. Slim Thug
Getting A Divorce Saved My Finances. Marriage doesn't have to be a lifeline for financial stability. Yet for many women, it is still a primary economic building block.
Ask the Readers. In a lot of ways, learning to be smart with money can be like learning to ride a bike. At first, the ride can be wobbly. Sometimes you might even fall.
5 Credit Cards to Turn Your Wallet Into a Workhorse. Our survey of the market's best cash-back credit cards reminds us that you can earn some significant rebates, just by focusing your spending through the right account.
10 Ways To Retaliate Against Bad Customer Service. Hell hath no fury like a customer scorned. We've all been there
How To Switch Banks Without Fees And Hassle. RELATED
741 Tax Returns Filed From Single Florida Address, IRS Sent Back Over $1 Million In Refunds. In 2010, 741 tax returns were filed to the federal government from a single address in Belle Glade, Fla., the South Florida
Fed Meeting Brings No Miracle Cure From Dr. Bernanke. It turned out, yet again, that the Fed has no miracle answers to the economy's persistent malaise. The only question is why anyone thought they'd pull a rabbit out of the hat in the first place.
How to Borrow Money to Buy a Car (Even If You Have No Credit History). If you're not in this situation, imagine how hard it would be to try to build a credit history when no one will give you credit. If you're IN this situation, it probably feels like you have an up-hill battle just to get those essential-to-life loans that other people take for granted.
No Tax Break If Client Stiffs You. Contrary to what many self-employed individuals believe, long-standing regulations usually prohibit most of them from claiming bad-debt deductions on their federal and state returns when they are unable to recover amounts due from clients and customers.
Retirement Planning Beyond the Basics. The average 55-year-old has about $40,000 in their retirements account, but they need $1 million.
Warren Sapp Air Jordans. LOOK
Buying An Apple Gadget? Here Are 10 Things You Should Know. 1.\Our customers are worn out.\ 2. \Be careful of that app.\ Some people's relationship with their God is also being interrupted
How to Live on an RV to Save Money. Have you ever thought about chucking it all and taking to the road full-time? if you're free to roam, you could join some 1.3 million Americans who are full-time RVers.
Thomas Jefferson Is Rolling In his Grave -- a Rant On Social Security's Complexity. President Obama and Mitt Romney would do well to point out that having our primary system of saving be an institution that neither Democrats nor Republicans can figure out and which can't pay a very large chunk of its bills going forward is doing no one any good.
Best Things To Buy On Each Day Of The Week. Smart shoppers know that to score the best deals, timing is key. Just as there's a best season to buy certain items, there's
Six-Figure Salaries Are No Big Deal Anymore. One hundred thousand dollars. Since the 1980s, the magical \six-figure\ salary has been a benchmark for financial success
Nearly Half Of Americans Die Without Money, Study Finds. Americans need about $1 million in retirement savings to generate $40,000 per year in retirement income, according to Kiplinger
Unemployed Americans Likelier To Suffer Sleep Problems, Survey Says. In addition to searching for full-time work, some unemployed Americans also may be looking for a good night's rest. According
Jim Holt Doesn't Have To Pay Back His Unemployment Benefits, Ruling Says. Jim Holt is off the hook for $19,295. After collecting 19 months of unemployment benefits, the checks suddenly stopped coming
Spike TV's Flip Men. In preparation for the show's new season, we reached out to star Doug Clark to learn how budding house flippers can get into the game without losing their savings.
Azature's $250,000 Black Diamond Nail Polish Is World's Most Expensive Nail Lacquer (PHOTO). With a quarter of a million dollars, you could buy a lot of things. With its hefty price tag, Azature claims its valuable
Bad Bosses Cause Employee Stress, Poor Health. Workplace stress isn't just hurting employees. The World Health Organization estimates that stress costs American businesses
American Express Could Refund Customers For Violating Consumer Protections. The nation's biggest credit card companies are under increasing pressure to stop selling add-on credit card products to customers
Awareness Brings Its Own Reward$. In our home we call it the Money Game because the better we play that game, the more money seems to come our way.  You may laugh, but we've been doing it for over 30 years, and it's paid off big time.
Pole Vaulting. Just as you wouldn't attempt competing in a challenging sport right away without practice and coaching, so too, in careering, you need to be technically skilled and mentally secure before taking a big leap.
What Peace Corps Taught Me About Managing People. Simultaneously, and without knowing it, I learned many valuable lessons. When I started, I was a long-haired kid who couldn't manage his way out of a dim room. By the time I left, I had acquired a solar system of management training. Here's some of what I learned...
States That Get The Most Federal Money. In 2010, the federal government took the hundreds of billions of dollars it received in corporate, income and property taxes
John Kay's Critique of the Equity System. Relationships become contractual and riven by informational asymmetries. And callous self-interest is freed from the restraints of what should be a fiduciary or -- this is the heart of Kay's vision -- a sense of stewardship. What's lost? Any sense of the longer-term.
Money Laundering Banks Should Be Put Out Of Business. Cash Surplus Bloomberg View
Nine Great American Companies That Will Never Recover. 24/7 Wall St.
Is Education a Silver Bullet for Fixing the Economy?. Is the president's assertion that the path to the American Dream in the new global economy depends on providing every child with a good education true?
Fired Barclays Trader's Activities From As Early As 2006 Draw Scrutiny In Libor Investigation (CORRECTED). Reich, now a portfolio manager with New York-based hedge fund WCG Management, was dismissed from Barclays for allegedly sending
Euro Crisis 2012. Until now the Bank of Greece could only accept T-Bills up to a limit of 3 billion euros ($3.70 billion) as collateral for
Rent vs. Buy. Rent or buy? It's a popular topic, and plenty of experts are quick to trot out a simple rent vs. buy index and tell you that if you live in, say, San Francisco, you should be renting, while if you live in Detroit, buying makes more sense.
Earning Below Minimum Wage Is Making Me A Lazy Employee. I volunteered at this organization through out college, and now I'm employeed there through the AmeriCorps Vista Program
What My Mom's Habits Taught Me About Overspending. I've never bought my own handbag. For years, I was afraid to buy my own clothes. For years, I didn't need to buy my own clothes
How to Fight Rising Food Prices at the Grocery Store. Savings at the grocery store start with organization and planning. With just 45 minutes, a computer and a weekly grocery circular, the average shopper can go home with $260 worth of groceries for less than $150.
How I Became the Irresponsible Younger Sister. While we may be assigned roles in life early on, it's up to us whether or not we stay in them. I don't want to stay in mine.\u00a0I don't want to rely on anyone for money.
How To Create A Non-Traditional Financial Plan. The deck is stacked. The game is rigged. The system is unmanageable. With each passing scandal, it gets a little bit harder
4 Steps To Recover From Credit Card Fraud. No one wants to find a credit card missing from his or her wallet or discover an odd charge on a monthly billing statement
Flight Canceled? What To Do When You're Stranded. A United Airlines flight from China was recently delayed by three days. According to ABC News, the situation was so tense
Don't Let Your Moving Company Hold Your Property Hostage!. 1. Check that your moving company is state & FMCSA licensed. You can quickly search on your state and FMCSA websites. If
Massachusetts Cash WinFall Lottery Was Monopolized By Gamblers As State Turned Blind Eye. Massachusetts could have learned its lesson from another state. After Michigan retiree Gerald Selbee figured out how to game
This Banker Moonlighted As A Janitor To Pay Off Debt. Celie Niehaus woke up one day with a spending hangover. She was in her late 20s at the time, and in deep, deep credit card
An Approach to Retirement That's Not So Ridiculous. For the unawares, the Baby Boom generation is on the verge of retiring with nowhere near enough in the way of assets to see them through their old-age.
Less Is More. Furniture
Americans Are Eating Out Less Than They Were Six Months Ago. Eating at home is an easy way to cut back on costs. The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that the average American
Lucas Henderson, College Computer Student, Pleads Guilty To Counterfeit Coupon Scam. While companies lost hundreds of thousands of dollars to the fake print-at-home coupons, it's unclear whether Henderson made
Credit Union Deposits Outpaced Banks Since WaMu Failure, Study. And it doesn't appear that big banks really want to stop the exodus of pocket-change customers. Deposits at the biggest credit
9 Things You Should Rent Instead Of Buy. Renting a home? That we've heard of. Renting a casket? Not as much.
Homeowners Face Segregated Mortgage Market. People of color disproportionately received federally insured loans -- backed by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) or Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) -- to finance the purchase of their homes and to refinance existing mortgages.
Take Charge Before Your Bank Charges You. If you're a young adult, college student, or previously \unbanked,\ understanding your needs and priorities is paramount to picking the account option and bank that work best for you.
Ask the Readers. If you were in this position -- your only debt was your mortgage, you had ample emergency savings, and you had an extra chunk of cash -- what would you do?
Olympians Could Owe The IRS Thousands In Taxes On Medals, Cash Bonuses. A recent Yahoo! Finance story also notes that during the 2010 Winter Olympics, Russians received $135,000 for gold medals
Stocks Are At Their Most Hated In 27 Years, Maybe It's Time To Buy Some. Speaking of contrarian indicators, on Tuesday Pimco founder Bill Gross, manager of the world's biggest bond mutual fund, declared
Suniti Shah And Supriti Soni, California Sisters, Plead Guilty To Role In $16 Million Real Estate Fraud. Family members bought more than 15 properties with straw buyers' credit. A straw buyer, according to the Register, is someone
How Chase Ripped Off Its Own Credit Card Customers. Consumer fraud and unfair business practices have become the hallmarks of how banks have been treating their customers.
Breaking Down To Break Through. Only a few days earlier I had driven my leased car to the dealer and handed them the keys,  and I had no idea how I was going to pay rent that month. Maybe I was crazy, but then again dreamers always look a little crazy to those that have forgotten how to dream.
What Health Care Reform Means to You. Now that the Supreme Court has upheld much of the act's constitutionality, it's a good time to review key provisions that have already gone live and to plot out what's expected to happen in the next two years.
5 Ways Olympic Athletes Are Better At Money Management Than You. But while some athletes will leave this year's games with little more than they arrived with, it turns out that all those
Severance Pay and Federal and New Jersey Taxes. Employers customarily award severance pay to their former employees -- but there are some income, employment and possible excise tax implications to the employer and former employee with respect to severance pay.
Olympics Streaming At The Office Wastes $650 Million. For business owners, minding the Olympic-viewing habits of their employees too closely may be a mistake, says John Challenger
With Personal Loans, Borrowers Hear 'Gift' And Lenders Get Resentful. While much of these findings can be filed under common sense, this is the first academic research to study the differences
I Have a Dream... But!. My first thought always is, how can I justify being out of the workforce and spending all the money for two years and then spending another several pursuing a dream or a vision that may or may not get me anywhere?
Health Care Costs Cause Women To Skip Out On Care. A flood of Huffington Post readers -- insured and uninsured alike -- responded, sharing their stories of skipping care because
What's Keeping You From Mastering Your Money?. What's probably keeping you from mastering money is that you're wasting energy wallowing in self-pity and fear, while failing to take action that just might get you moving up and out of the pit.
Going Away?  Tips to Protect Your Identity at Home. More than 11.6 million Americans became victims of identity theft in 2011, 13 percent more than in 2010. With a few simple steps, however, you can avoid becoming part of this statistic while you're away from your home.
Jim Henson Sketches For 'The Muppet Show' Up For Sale. LOS ANGELES, July 30 (Reuters) - A handwritten pitch and drawings for the television pilot episode of \The Muppet Show\ by
The Countries That Will Win The Most Olympic Medals. According to a newly released report, the United States is predicted to win the most medals at the London 2012 Olympics. For
Greece Austerity Measures. The so-called troika of EU, European Central Bank and IMF lenders is due to wrap up its visit to Athens in the coming days
What The Collapse Of Peregrine Financial Says About The Sarbanes-Oxley Law. Nor has it brought increased competition to an industry that still is an oligopoly, now dominated by the so-called Big Four
Why Can't We End Poverty In America?. Ronald Reagan famously said, \u201cWe fought a war on poverty and poverty won.\u201d With 46 million Americans \u2014 15 percent of the
British Bank RBS Braced For Fine In Libor-Rigging Scandal, CEO Says. \RBS is one of the banks tied up in Libor. We'll have our day in that particular spotlight as well,\ Hester said in an interview
CNOOC, Nexen Deal Faces Insider Trading Allegations From SEC. Well-timed bullish bets in Nexen options ahead of the announcement also raised eyebrows among some market watchers on the
For-Profit Colleges Pay Executives Based On Profit, Not Student Success, Report Finds. A spokesman for Career Education Corp., Mark Spencer, acknowledged that the company used such a compensation plan for senior
Stockton, California, Cuts Retiree Health Care Benefits Amid Bankruptcy Proceedings. Judge Christopher Klein on Friday issued a temporary order denying the bid to stop the benefit cuts, and he said a formal
Aurora Shooting. Freddie Hanns, 60, visits the mall almost every week and worked briefly as a contractor there during the renovations. Hanns
John Milton Merritt Allegedly Stole $300,000 From Four Orphan Girls. Last Friday, Attorney John Milton Merritt plead guilty to 12 counts of using forged court orders to defraud clients, Oklahoma
MF Global, Justice Department Connection Dates Back To 1932. Read more breaking commentary from Bloomberg View columnists and editors at the Ticker. When it comes to financial debacles
How to Save More When You're Dining Out. Ready for a night out? Sometimes the best summer \vacation\ is a break from your kitchen. And it's entirely possible to take a hiatus from cooking without breaking your budget.
Turning Foreclosures Into Rentals. A growing number of savvy investors are profitting off of the volatile housing market by buying foreclosed homes from big
Katie Slowe, Massachusetts Student, Has To Choose Between Health Care And College. Now, Slowe has to choose between college and life-saving health care. Massachusetts could provide her insulin but not the
ATM Skimming Is On The Rise, Secret Service Says. Police caught two criminals in Washington who allegedly used skimmers to steal about $1 million from ATM users, HeraldNet
Separation Or Divorce? What Each Means For Your Finances. Setting aside any personal or family issues that come to mind for many when they think of divorce, ending a marriage has
Teens Vote Financial Institutions 'Most Unpopular'. It's not surprising that banks and financing companies aren't winning any popularity contests with teens. But like many financial literacy educators, I'm concerned that kids aren't learning strong life skills to manage their finances.
EBay To Target Under-18 Set. EBay Inc. is exploring ways to harness an untapped class of buyers
Frank Deyoub, Michigan Resident, Claims Father Stole His Identity, Ruined Credit History. But many consumers are not doing their part, either. Less than 40 percent of Americans actually bothered to take a look at
Birth Rate Plunges, Projected To Reach Lowest Level In Decades. A middle-income family will spend $235,000 (or $295,560 if adjusted for projected inflation) to raise a child from birth
'Why I'm Moving to Ecuador to Pursue the American Dream'. What does the \American Dream\ mean to you? For most people, it means if you work hard, you can raise a beautiful family
Wife Cooks Money That Husband Hid In Oven. A representative from Westpac bank, where the man's mortgage is held says, \We will do whatever we can do within the guidelines
Five Truths About Public Employee Pensions. Some states with well-managed pension plans can continue providing benefits as long as they are disciplined, but many states can't continue with the status quo. Here are five truths about state and local pensions.
10 Cities That Spend The Most On Ice Cream. Demand for frozen yumminess rose so high this year that Good Humor has been experiencing shortages of some of its classics
Susan Perez, Virginia Convenience Store Clerk, Charged With Taking Man's Lottery Ticket Winnings (VIDEO). Lavoie didn't even realize he'd be shortchanged on the ticket until his son called to congratulate him. His son reminded
Jobless Claims Fall To Near Four-Year Low, Still Volatile Due To Auto Jobs. WASHINGTON, July 26 (Reuters) - The number of Americans filing new claims for jobless benefits fell last week to near a four
Joblessness Takes Its Toll. What do you say to someone who has followed all your suggestions, done his homework, and is a good man... A good man who just can't seem to catch a break.
The Worst Money Mistake Parents Make. If you're considering funding an increasingly expensive college education, there's a right way and a wrong way to go about it. Taking out loans in your name\u00a0that you might not be able to pay back?\nThat's a financial road you don't want to go down.
How to Find the Perfect Mortgage for You. To land a sweet deal, you're going to have to find it. Here's how.
Only 3 In 10 Rich Men Think Wealth Inequality Is A Problem. Rich people also are more likely to be disinterested in the welfare of others and cheat on a test to get ahead, research
Financial Security Of Americans Declines In July, The Biggest Drop In Nearly A Year. Most Americans would not be able to survive a financial emergency such as a job loss. Only 25 percent have enough savings
Battle of the Sexes. In the media, women are commonly depicted as compulsive shoppers prone to frivolous spending. So which gender-related differences in spending habits are based on stereotype and which are based on fact?
An Unlikely Comeback. Beginning in 2007 I experienced the most devastating time of my life in almost every way -- personal bankruptcy, financial ruin, embarrassment, and self-doubt. At the end of the worst of it, I found a new direction.
Could You Go a Year Without Buying Anything New? How About Five Years?. There is one thing that sets me apart from the other soccer moms, which is that I am a member of \The Compact.\ And no, that doesn't mean that I practice polyamory, weave my own caftans and practice 140-degree yoga. It means that I don't buy anything new.
Barbara Aqueveque, Florida Mother, Allegedly Stole Pricey Toys By Switching UPC Labels (VIDEO). According to the Daily Mail, when cops searched Aqueveque's home, they found dozens of bags of toys. Cops discovered that
Living Paycheck To Paycheck Is Reality For Two In Five Households. The findings coincide with a Bankrate.com survey that showed the financial security of Americans deteriorating. In July, the
The Real Pension Crisis. A new report shows that the public pension picture is much grimmer than official numbers projected. Drastic reforms, innovations and political courage are needed to put our states and municipalities back on the path to fiscal survival.
How I Refinanced My Mortgage, Cut Other Costs and Saved $6,000. I find ways to cut expenses every day for homeowners, and I've used these same techniques to cut more than $6,000 from my own expenses so far this year. The good news is that most people can use this strategy and achieve similar results.
What Your Wedding Day Means for Your Credit. After you say \I do\ and slip the ring onto each other's fingers, you are accepting that person for better or for worse... INCLUDING their credit score.
JPMorgan Agrees To Pay $100 Million For Forcing Higher Fees On Consumers. By Jonathan Stempel The credit card settlement requires approval by U.S. District Judge Maxine Chesney. A hearing to consider
Participating In Medical Studies To Pay The Bills. By the end of last year, I made closer to $15,000 than $20,000. I reviewed an album for one music website (that shall go
Homes For Sale At National Median Home Price (PHOTOS). It's debatable whether or not the housing market is actually making a comeback. What we do know, however, is that it's a
6 Luxury Credit Card Perks. Sign-up bonuses and rewards points aren't the only ways today's best credit cards pay for themselves. Customers who qualify for \elite\ or \signature\ credit cards often earn extra perks that can save time while eliminating common expenses.
Sales Tax Holidays 2012. The glory days of tax-free online shopping may be numbered. But shoppers can still come out on top by simply thinking ahead
36 Top Credit Cards Without Foreign Transaction Fees. Now, as card issuers seek to attract and retain low-risk cardholders who swipe their cards for everything from a daily coffee to a first-class ticket to Hong Kong, many issuers have dropped the FTF on their travel cards.
Banks' Checking Account Disclosure Forms Miss Key Information. Such complexity has been an ongoing complaint for consumer groups who want checking accounts to be more user-friendly, with
Why You Need a Social Media Will. In this Internet era, your legacy will likely live on long after you die. Do your family a favor and spare them from having to deal with these issues by addressing them now.
Why We'll All Be Eating Cat Food In Retirement. I WORK on retirement policy, so friends often want to talk about their own retirement plans and prospects. While I am happy
New Yorkers Struggle To Pay For Food As Jobs Crisis Continues. This past week had many New Yorkers indulging an amused horror over a curated set of images on the social-media site Tumblr
Libor Investigation Close To Making Arrests. The Barclays settlement sparked outrage and a series of public hearings in Britain, after which Barclays Chief Executive
Dodd-Frank. As Dodd-Frank reaches its second anniversary, it faces both the limitations of its scope and the disheartening obstacles to its implementation. Will we really wait for the next, inevitable crisis before we start to develop adaptable reforms?
Super-Rich Hold Up To $32 Trillion In Offshore Havens. The report also highlights the impact on the balance sheets of 139 developing countries of money held in tax havens by private
NYT. As the Justice Department weighs the possibility of criminal charges in the unfolding Libor rate-setting scandal, it may
Joe Nocera. Is it my imagination, or does every week bring news of another financial scandal? No, it\u2019s not my imagination. First up
Former Bank Of America, Cantor Fitzgerald Employees Sue Over Alleged Racial Discrimination. James claims he too was fired for raising the allegations and is asking to be rehired. He is also seeking back pay, bonuses
To Sleep or Not to Sleep. As I worked non-stop to complete each item in my \to-do\ list, I watched the clock tick away pass my normal bed time. I found
Libor Scandal. As the interest rate manipulation scandal grips the banking industry, regulators have defended their actions and trumpeted
The Science Of Spending. What if right this moment your salary doubled in size? Imagine the possibilities
Money. Money is abundant and flows spontaneously in life. Money allows me to express myself fully and contribute generously. What's
Applying For Food Stamps With A Bachelor's Degree. One recent Friday morning, I went to work. Not to any glass-blocked high rise, or a sprawl of windowless office buildings
When Parents Divorce, How To Get By Financially. Things start to really change in the fall, when the divorce heats up. You and your brother choose not to write an affidavit
Break Up the Big Banks and Hold Their Managers Accountable for Their Misdeeds. The behavior of the largest banks is not only rapacious and destructive to the social fabric, it is also stunts economic growth. They are not investing the huge resources they have accumulated in ways that would stimulate the economy.
Robin Ramirez, Amiko Fountain, Marilyn Johnson Charged With Running $40 Million Counterfeit Coupon Ring. Over 3,000 manufacturers distribute nearly 330 billion coupons per year worth an estimated $208 billion according to the
Plain English, or Greek?. The foreclosure review materials scored ZERO readability -- the only documents I know of that score that low are IRS publications. Is that the standard the regulators and servicers wanted to match?
India Sanchez Hidalgo, Identity Theft Suspect, Busted After Papa John's Ordering Pizza. WDRB 41 Louisville - News, Weather, Sports Community Identity theft is a headache and can affect you in a number of different
A Guide For The New Mortgage Form. THIS month the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau proposed new rules to clarify the terms of housing loans for millions
Dodd-Frank and CFPB Provide Stimulus to Economy With Milestone. In it first 365 days, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has already done more to protect the American public than this do-nothing Congress has accomplished since it was sworn in back in the dawn of 2011.
Making the Switch From Buyer to Borrower. The concept of collaborative consumption really isn't new
4 Benefits of the Drop in Bank Failures. Trouble with banks was one of the first harbingers of what has become known as the Great Recession, and of the lackluster recovery that has followed. Perhaps an improved banking environment will be an early signal that the economy is finally getting healthy again.
Peregrine Financial Collapse Cost This Man His Life Savings. \They are trying to get an angle and be sophisticated and get a [higher return] or a discount on a trade,\u201d Statman said, adding
Yevgeniy And Lyudmila Smirnov Accused Of Selling Stolen Goods On eBay. Police got on the Smirnovs' trail after large quantities of Crest teeth whitening strips, Rogaine hair growth treatment and
Learning From My Elders. Some online deals are too easy to find and too hard to pass up. My new fondness for coupons started when I was visiting my folks in Florida. Before entering the Gap Outlet somewhere along the Gulf coast, I found an Internet coupon on the sidewalk
What Your Choice of Car Insurance Company Says About You. A new analysis by Insure.com reveals how consumers can often find like-minded folks at the same auto insurance company.
\But We've Already Spent the Money!\. It doesn't matter how much time or money you've spent. Given where you are right now, do you want to continue on this path, or take a different one?
Matthew Frombach, Identity Theft Suspect, Runs Into Victim At Bank. Hennemen's friend, Josh Rigiero, ran after the suspect, who tried to leave the bank when he became suspicious, KTVL-TV reports
Money Ruins Friendships For One In Five Americans, Survey Finds. Income inequality also is taking a toll on some Americans' love lives. Three in four single women said in a recent survey
The 6 Gen Y Spending Types. Have you ever wondered why your best friend has a totally different approach to spending money than you? Or gotten into a
Capital One To Pay Customers $210 Million For Deceptive Tactics. In connection with the settlement, the bank also agreed to stop marketing the extra products until it implements a new plan
Taming The Cost Of Traffic Tickets. It's little surprise that traffic tickets can lead to higher insurance premiums. But as travelers hit the road this summer
How To Get Promoted. Even if you're not specifically looking for a flashier title or more money (although who isn't?), these tips will help you become--or remain--a valued employee.
Early Tax Lessons for Summer Jobs. Summer jobs are a great opportunity for young Americans to learn about income taxes, and also to increase their personal financial literacy by understanding that taxes are not just automatic and don't always result in a refund.
E-Books Are Sales Tax Free, At Least For Now. Just as the iPod upended CD sales, Amazon\u2019s Kindle and other e-readers now account for a huge chunk of all book purchases
Foreclosure Related Suicide on the Rise. Recent research concludes that there is a link between foreclosure rates and mental and physical health problems, as well as suicide attempts.
Median Pay Raise Just 3 Percent In U.S. In 2012, Study Says. Mercer, another consulting firm, also found last year that companies planned to give an average pay raise of 3 percent this
Consumer Prices Remained Flat In June. However, the price of airline tickets fell 2.5 percent. Housing costs were muted, with owners' equivalent rent advancing
As College Costs Rise, Students Trade Dorm For Home. Unfortunately, only 39 percent of families said they had thought about how they would pay for all four years of college compared
10 Airlines That Serve Free Alcohol. Airlines have good reasons to be wary of drunken travelers causing problems. In March, an inebriated passenger got so out
Descendants Of Matyas Fischer, Holocaust Victim, Sue European Banks For Allegedly Stealing Millions. \The property was looted, and we feel it was unlawfully taken,\ Paul Fischer said. \Why shouldn't the children have it and
Troy Donovan, Family Reclaim Colorado Home From Squatters. Having a place to live has become more difficult for people at the lower end of the income scale. The rental market has become
5 Saving Strategies for a Slow Economy. A weak economy is causing hardships for many Americans now, but it could hurt even more in the future. A sustained period of low salary increases, poor stock market returns and low savings account rates has made it very difficult to keep retirement savings on track.
Mark Zuckerberg Refinanced Mortgage With 1-Percent Interest Loan. Billionaire Mark Zuckerberg is giving new meaning to the term \the one percent.\ The Facebook Inc. (FB) founder refinanced
China's Coming Great Deleveraging. The root cause of the decline in China's economic growth this year is not the trouble in Europe or funk of the global economy, but rather the unsustainable economic bubbles that have been created by the government, and the collapsing demand that has accompanied it.
LIBOR Investigation. Investigators in Washington and London last month struck a $450 million settlement with Barclays in a rate-rigging case, but
San Bernardino Bankruptcy Caused By Political Feuds, Denial. Similarly, the problems in the ski resort city of Mammoth Lakes, which faces a nearly $43 million legal judgment that would
America's Sickest Housing Markets. According to data released earlier this month, asking home prices in the nation's largest metro regions rose for the fourth
U.S. Is Building Criminal Cases in Rate-Fixing. As regulators ramp up their global investigation into the manipulation of interest rates, the Justice Department has identified
William Banzai7 Portrays Jamie Dimon As Pornstar (PHOTOS). A former employee of the financial industry himself, Banzai7 says he became disillusioned with the industry after witnessing
National Futures Association, PFGBest Watchdog, Uses Auditors That Are 'Not Experienced Enough'. \Unfortunately if someone is prepared to go to the extraordinary lengths necessary to carry out a fraud, as it looks like
General Electric Secures First Myanmar Deal After Sanctions Ease. \There's an urgency, we're working it hard, Myanmar's working it hard, but they're inundated with other proposals and in
Health Law Costs, Benefits Can Add Up To A Win For Young And Old. That's more than the $88 a month he paid for his old health plan and more than the $155 price he found when shopping for
Telecommuters Less Likely To Get A Promotion, Study Finds. The report chalks up much of the discrepancy to managerial subjectivity. Managers are less likely to be comfortable with
Let Me Bore You With Tales of LIBOR -- or is it \LIE-BOR\?. The next banking industry scandal to wash ashore in the US from Europe will be the matter of two periods of chicanery in the private association of global banks that set the basis for the so-called \LIBOR\ interest rate.
Doggone It, Our Own USA Olympic Team Doesn't Buy American?. Will I cheer for the USA Team in Chinese clothing? Of course I will but it makes a cynical statement about the future of manufacturing in the USA. But, Americans, it's time to take the reins and call in our own financial cavalry. We are losing this competition.
Are Courthouses Obsolete?. Are courtrooms obsolete? No, but many venues are located outside of the traditional courthouse or are increasingly subject to video conferencing such as arraignments.
Bonnie And Clyde Guns Could Sell For $200,000, Auctioneer Says. \After they killed two fresh young Texas patrolmen who came upon them in 1934 - they just massacred them - that's when the
Wells Fargo Enters Into $175 Million Discrimination Settlement. The United States Department of Justice has announced that Wells Fargo has entered into a $175 million settlement agreement as a result of allegations that it discriminated against black and Hispanic mortgage applicants.
Contracting Oversight. The report, Final Forensic Audit Report of Iraq Reconstruction Funds, said the precise amount lost to fraud and waste can never be known, but believes it is significant.
Bring Your Own Device Schemes Should Set Alarm Bells Ringing. With employees increasingly shuttling their hardware between home and office, businesses need to be sharper at ensuring they're covering the accompanying security risks.
How To Get A Job. By the time I had finished reading her email, I wished I had a job to give the lovely young woman, but I didn't, and I wrote her as much. She wrote me back. In her email she told me that she was actually already working for Twitter. Huh?!
Screw Business as Usual and the Rest of My Corporate Diplomacy Summer Reading List. Summertime is always an excellent time to reflect, recharge and catch up on reading you've been meaning to read for longer
12 Cities Where You Can Count On Getting Raise. This is positive news following a Bureau of Labor Statistics report showing that wages had fallen in all but a handful of
Resorts World Casino In Queens, N.Y. Has Been Plagued With Crime Wave. Along with over 5,000 blinking, whirring digital gambling machines, the new Resorts World Casino, opponents predicted, would
6 Tricks To Optimize Your Wallet. An organized and optimized wallet can help you save major money in two ways -- limiting spending and optimizing your credit rewards.
How To Get Customer Service Reps To Do What You Want. As customer service becomes progressively automated and outsourced, do customers still get served the way they used to? \No
How To Save On Household Cleaning Supplies. Money Talks News
5 Stupid Ways to Ruin Your Credit, Go Broke and Have Your Kid Wind Up on a Milk Carton. Hey, I like new toys as much as the next guy, but it's time to grow up, America. We need to learn to walk softly, even when we're carrying a fat wallet.
Will The European Debt Crisis Affect Me?. The effect the European debt crisis will have is a matter of degrees and exposure. It's hard to discern how these unfortunate events will affect us and what actions we should take. In other words, what do we have control over and when are we just being reactive?
Store-Brand Items That You Shouldn't Buy. Consumers tend to prefer brand-name laundry detergent and other cleaning products, Nelson says. The risk
The Real Cost Of Scuba Diving. Four decades after the movie \Jaws\ gave shivers to ocean lovers, many would-be scuba divers still fear a face-to-face encounter
Most Expensive Car Crash? Christopher Cox Gets In Accident With $30 Million Ferrari. The total cost of Cox's crash remains to be seen, but the last accident to earn the \most expensive car crash\ title resulted
More Than Half Of American Women Are Breadwinners, Study Finds. The majority of American women are now breadwinners in their households, according to a survey conducted by Prudential Financial
How To (Finally) Quit Your Job. As you wait for the elevator to arrive after another mediocre day at the office, you give yourself an all-too-familiar pep
Wells Fargo Settlement. Wells is also paying $50 million to set up a Wells Fargo Borrower Assistance Program of down payment help for borrowers in
Financial Infidelity. What red flags should partners look for if they suspect financial infidelity? Here are a few telltale signs.
Ray Crockett, Nashville Man, Mistakenly Charged $84,000 For Tank Of Gas That Only Cost $30 (VIDEO). We've all complained - whether to a neighbor, grandma or politician - about high gas prices at one point or another. This
Will I Be Paying off College Loans for the Rest of My Life?. If you are graduating with student loan debt, you may be overwhelmed by the amount you owe. Six months after you stop taking courses (at least half-time) -- whether or not you've graduated -- your federal student loan bills starting coming due.
10 Most Annoying Hotel Fees. If you've ever booked a hotel room only to be slammed with severe sticker shock upon check-in, you know that sometimes surprise
New Poll Reveals Consumer's Top Financial Regrets -- But Is It Accurate?. When you're polling consumers who are buried in debt, it's simple to blame overspending as the preliminary cause, but in reality it's a combination of not having an emergency savings fund, not budgeting, and trying to live the life of a rockstar.
Olympic Athletes Face Financial Hardship. American Olympians are just weeks away from representing their country in London, but many will return home -- medals won
5 Myths About Public Employee Pensions. About 10,000 Americans a day are turning 65 years old. While Wall Street's 401(k) plans have done nothing to help retirees enjoy their golden years, defined benefit plans are the best way to support retirees and allow them to continue to contribute to their local economies.
8 Things To Never Keep In Your Wallet. That overstuffed wallet of yours can\u2019t be comfortable to sit on. It\u2019s probably even too clunky to lug around in a purse, too
World's Most Expensive Foods. In today's world of $33 club sandwiches and 23-carat gold edible cupcakes, there's nothing stopping extreme foodies from
CoreLogic's New Mortgage Credit Score Could Expand Lending Reach To More Subprime Borrowers. For some borrowers who have had a few hard knocks to their credit in the last few years, a new score could be a good thing
How To Save On Baggage Fees. When United Airlines announced that it was going to raise bag fees to $100 on many international flights, Fox News advised
Tom And Peggy McElvoy, Elderly Texas Couple, Didn't Notice They Were Being Robbed Because They Watch TV With Headphones (VIDEO). \We have the headphones on because it makes the voices clearer,\ McElvoy explained to the Star Telegram. \The ring he first
Credit Card Borrowing For Everyday Living Expenses On The Rise. But for others who are not as vigilant, one missed payment or minimum-balance-only payment can quickly snowball into a carried
Domeen Flowers, Former IRS Employee, Accused Of Identity Theft, Fraud. Correction
Unemployment Benefits Mistakes Mean Americans Owe Government $14 Billion. Colorado, for one, accidentally overpaid $128 million in jobless benefits last year and now is asking those recipients to
Huge, Rare Video Game Collection Sells On Ebay For Over $1.2 Million. A 32-year-old French man who goes by the name \Andre\ recently put 7,000 video games from his collection up on Ebay \u2014 and
7 Tips For Buying An Engagement Ring. You'd think this summer would be a great time to shop for that diamond engagement ring. The wholesale price of a one-carat
IRS Employee Overstated $95,000 In Deductions. Think you have tax troubles? Jacynthia Quinn probably has more. A U.S. Tax Court judge recently slapped her with a civil
Jan Hansch, Australian Woman, Finds Decades-Old Target Pay Stub And $500 In Secondhand Napkin (VIDEO). But the value became apparent when her sister, 71-year-old Jan Hansch, sat down at her home in Belgrave, Australia for a
Credit Card Surcharge Fees May Be Introduced As Part Of Swipe Fee Settlement. Merchants may soon begin to impose a surcharge each time a customer pays with credit card, a practice Visa Inc. V -2.23% and
Michael Smith Battling AT&T Over $1 Million Phone Bill. IPSWICH, Mass. \u2014 A Massachusetts businessman is engaged in a legal battle with AT&T Inc. over what he calls a fraudulent
Share Of American Workers Paid On An Hourly Basis Reaches 59 Percent. If workers' hourly pay is low, getting paid by the hour may be worth it only if they regularly work overtime. Hourly workers
The Tacano Money Manager. This let's-live-for-today approach has become a macro and micro economic problem. It's macro because it hurts our economy. It's micro because tens of millions of Americans face retirement without adequate savings.
Cash-Only Marijuana. While some Bay Area dispensaries have always been cash-only, some are concerned that the new rules may marginalize low-income
Luxury London Homes Are Increasingly Being Rented By Super-Rich Kids. Paris and New York are also popular student destinations. In February, Russian fertilizer oligarch Dmitry Rybolovlev paid
Denise Rich Renounces U.S. Citizenship, Will Save Tens Of Millions In Tax Dollars. The Cook Islands, a South Pacific tax haven, offers Swiss-style secrecy for wealthy investors. July 9 (Reuters) - Denise
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Unveils Simpler Mortgage Forms. Monday's proposal is the bureau's first that would change how people get mortgages. WASHINGTON -- The government is proposing
Life Lesson from the Lottery. Lottery winners have the same financial and social issues that other people have.  Only their problems are magnified 1000 percent.
North Korean Economy Posts Rare Growth In 2011 On Robust Harvests. Despite the rare economic growth, per-capita income in the country with a 24.3 million population stood at just 1.334 million
U.S. Derivatives Regulations To Be Finalized. WASHINGTON, July 8 (Reuters) - The U.S. swaps regulator is set to finalize this week a critical reform that will trigger
U.S. Employers Not Yet Rattled By 'Fiscal Cliff'. * Companies prepared to act, but say it's not yet necessary On Jan. 1, 2013, Bush-era tax cuts are set to expire, $1.2 trillion
Ten Countries Where Young People Can't Find A Job. Unemployment in the European Union hit a record high in May. According to data provided by Eurostat, the unemployment rate
Mom Skipped Out on the Lease and Collectors Are Chasing Me. Sometimes the kids get hurt financially as a result. If your mother is not going to help you to repay the money which you appear to agree is due, then this will rest on your shoulders as a co-signer.
The Wall Street Scandal of All Scandals. Just when you thought Wall Street had hit bottom, an even deeper level of public-be-damned greed and corruption is revealed. Sit down and hold on to your chair.
How To Get A Job. Thanks to one amazing email I got a few months back, I now can point to the perfect template of how to go about pitching yourself for a job you want (in email form, at least). Let's look at the actual email I received, and then I'll break down why it works so well.
10 Products Surprisingly Still Made In America. While some companies are considering returning jobs to the U.S., some brands never went away. 24/7 Wall St. compiled a list
Libor's Dirty Laundry. Here in the early stages of the Libor scandal \u2014 and, yes, this thing is far from over \u2014 there are two big surprises. The
Summer Car Care Tips. Although winter car care gets more publicity, there's no reason to neglect your car come summer time just because the weather is nice. Here are a few things you can do during summer time to keep your car in tip-top shape.
Pedro Hermenegildo, Uninsured Texas Man, Claims Doctor Botched Hernia Surgery. \I don't know that there's anything that says that because you're paying out of pocket, you're going to get worse care,\ Cuello
Bryan Fite, Missouri Man, Finds Century-Old Whiskey Bottles In Attic (VIDEO). Now Fite has a possible windfall on his hands. While wine can turn to vinegar if it stays in the bottle too long, whiskey
Yelp Reviews. Judging from recent reviews on Yelp, the Center for Counseling, Recovery & Growth was the place to go to turn your life around
8 Ways to Save on Your Next Summer BBQ. Summer is just not the same without a good barbecue! Here are eight cost-effective tips to get your BBQ on this summer without feeling guilty about the extra party costs.
Rolls Royce Silver Ghost Sells For $7.1 Million, Making It The Most Expensive Rolls Royce Sold At Auction (PHOTOS). Car enthusiasts at the Bonhams Goodwood Festival of Speed witnessed a record-breaking auction when a classic Rolls Royce
Fleecing of American Homeowners. Homeowners who were facing financial difficulties find themselves at risk of foreclosure, especially if the insurance premium is substantial.
Bring Moneychangers Back to the Temple (Church and Mosque)?. Many faith-based institutions offer a broad base of support, including food pantries, counseling and help accessing social services. Why not extend that support by helping to address another one of the problems their community faces
Money Won't Make You Nicer. New York's story follows on a run of coverage looking at the differences between the way rich and poor people think. Last
MicCheckWallSt Money Drop In Seattle Takes Aim At Unlimited Corporate Political Spending. Rather, the spectacle -- in which $5,000 in bills were thrown out of a window -- was executed by an activist group called
Rental Prices Continue To Soar In Most U.S. Cities. Buying a home is now cheaper than renting one in most U.S. cities. But as lenders tighten their borrowing requirements, it's
Billy Cypress, Ex-Miccosukee Chairman, Accused Of Embezzling $26 Million. Former Miccosukee attorneys Dexter Lehtinen and Guy Lewis, former Miccosukee financial officers Miguel Hernandez and Julio
U.S. Bankruptcies On Pace To Fall To Pre-Crisis Levels. * New filings fall to 632,130 in first-half of 2012 \We are on pace for perhaps the lowest total new bankruptcies since before
How the Big Banks Lost and Homeowners Won in California. Bills that looked very much like the Homeowner Bill of Rights had been introduced for four years.  They died in committee or on the floor at various times, until now. The difference?
10 States Where Wages Are Falling. Here are the ten states struggling with declining wages
Incredible Hulk Voted Most Irritating Superhero Co-Worker. \Between The Hulk being a loose cannon and Iron Man consistently being late, the results speak volumes \u2013 the hourly workforce
Scandinavian Architect Designs Snail-Like Ecohome (PHOTOS). Trying to be one with nature? Living in a snail-like home might not be a bad way to start. As for the home's aesthetic design
Building Blocks to Increase Women's Economic & Political Progress. Societies must recognize the importance of women, who comprise over half of the world's population, participating fully in policy decisions that are made at the local, national, and international levels.
Former Bankia Executives Accused Of Price-Fixing, Falsifying Accounts. The judge will probably group together other cases with this one, a source with knowledge of the matter said. The lawsuit
Jim Drake Dead. Jim Drake, an aeronautical engineer who helped design the X-15 rocket plane and the Tomahawk Cruise Missile and in his spare
Stockton Bankruptcy The Result Of 15-Year Spending Binge. Before the turn of the millennium, things looked very different in California. * City manager
Big Bank Foreclosure Errors Have Different Prices. The worst errors, the ones reaping the $125,000 payouts, fit into three categories. The first covers active duty members
The Benihana Effect. If there's still lifestyle inflation in my world, it takes the form of the products I choose to buy. It used to be that I'd pay middle-of-the-road prices for middle-of-the-road products. Not anymore. Today, it's all or nothing.
Are Consumers' Finances Worse Than Their Health?. If you think Americans look out of shape, you should see their bank statements.
July 4th Freebies And Discounts. What could be better than celebrating the promise of America with free (or almost free) food? We found a number of restaurants
Consumer Debt Delinquencies Fall For Now. WASHINGTON, July 3 (Reuters) - U.S. consumers continued to make improvements in paying back their debts during the first
July 4th BBQ. If you are among the millions of Americans planning to host a 4th of July cookout, you should expect to spend quite a bit
For America's Families. If you don't agree that the ACA is a giant step forward, try asking a family who doesn't have health insurance and can't afford medical care for a sick child.
Consumer Disobedience. When politicians implore me to go shopping to \improve the economy,\ I'm inspired to swap, borrow, and make do with what I have. When I hear that more stuff means more happiness, I become that much more passionate about living with less.
25 Social Security \Secrets\ All Baby Boomers and Millions of Current Recipients Need to Know. Unfortunately, Social Security has some very nasty \gotcha\ provisions, so if you take the wrong benefits at the wrong time, you can end up getting the wrong, as in smaller, benefits forever.
Wells Fargo Fee Disclosures. For example, at Wells Fargo a basic checking account cost $7 per month in monthly service fees--compared to $10 for a similar
Kline Fisher Budd, Texas Man, Allegedly Collected Dead Mother's Social Security Checks For 26 Years. As a result, there have been countless cases in recent years of people allegedly collecting Social Security checks for relatives
Beware. The importance of keeping investment fees low is a good rule of thumb, not limited to 401(k) plans. We want to be mindful of the fees we pay when it comes to any investment.
The 3 Things Needed for a Great Rewards Credit Card. Credit card rewards programs are so varied, it can be difficult to determine which product should earn prime placement in your wallet. Here's how to figure out which one you should be favoring.
Kirit Kothari, New Jersey Man, Forced To Pay $10,457 Water Bill. Kristin Harriger of Abilene, Texas was recently hit with a $1.4 million utility bill. Upon contacting her energy provider
For Generation Y, Learning To Drive Is No Longer A Rite Of Passage. \It's not the main reason, but it is a compelling reason,\ Jacobs said. By Deborah Zabarenko To sell cars or anything else
For-Profit College Regulations Struck Down In Part By Federal Judge. \It is my personal hope, and that of our members, that the era of litigation is over, and the era of public-private partnerships
States With The Most Underage Drinking. Earlier this week, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) released its 2011 Youth Risk Behavior Surveillance
Obamacare -- What Loss of Freedom?. Republicans framed Obamacare, or the Affordable Care Act, as a loss of individual freedom.  But the only freedom lost is the freedom to be treated without having to pay for it, which is what the uninsured do when they have to go to emergency rooms.
Wal-Mart Suspends Seafood Supplier Over Work Conditions. Wal-Mart Stores has suspended one of its seafood suppliers in the South as an advocacy group for foreign workers pressed
Can Corporate Values Drive Shareholder Value? (With Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz). Balancing profit with a social conscience. Read more on Aspen Ideas Festival
Angela Merkel. * European media see Merkel beaten by France, Italy Spain \The southern euro countries are taking the north hostage,\ wrote
Walmart Suspends Supplier Of Seafood. Wal-Mart Stores has suspended one of its seafood suppliers in the South as an advocacy group for foreign workers pressed
Online Retailers Track Consumer Spending Habits To Get Wealthier Customers To Spend More. It turns out it's not just Orbitz that's judging consumers. Consultant Andrew Fano recently told the Economist that at least
6 Money Myths. Being a super income-earner is great. However, that investment of your time will not outlive your job.
Parents Would Rather Talk About Drugs Than Dollars. I get it. Money is an awkward subject to begin with. And the topic of finances can seem complicated when compared to drugs and smoking, where the lesson for kids is a simple
Larry Ellison Bought An Island... And You Can Too. But he warns that the final bill could vary wildly. But call a friendly island broker and you'll find that around the globe
TCF Bank Brings Back Free Checking, Without Free Checks. TCF joins several other renegade banks in offering free checking including PNC, TIAA Direct, Ally and ING, which has the
The Real Cost Of Sleepaway Camp. This summer, some 11 million children will head off to one of the 7,000 sleepaway or 5,000 day camps in the U.S., according
How To Save Money On Eating Out. Money Talks News
Consumer Sentiment Drops To Six-Month Low In June. * Views of economic prospects, employment dim \Since these households account for a large share of total spending, if the
Waldorf-Astoria Amnesty Program Asks Guests To Return Stolen Goods. What should we expect to see? \We're giving you the chance to give it back, no questions asked,\ the hotel wrote on its Facebook
Health Insurance Ruling Won't Make Coverage Cheaper For Most Americans. Don't expect the cost of health care to get cheaper as a result of the Supreme Court's decision largely to uphold the Affordable
Five Ways Ultra Millionaires Are Not Like The Rest Of Us. Billionaires could be a dying breed in the United States--but not so in China. The country saw a 20 percent increase in the
Health Insurance Ruling Won't Make Coverage Cheaper For Most Americans. Nationwide, the cost of health care has skyrocketed. Premiums for employees rose 3.8 percent at the end of last year, and
ING Retirement Coach on Your Financial Independence. As I work with my clients, I often consider what financial independence means for them, especially in terms of making their dream of retirement a reality. This month, I thought I would share my thoughts on the key elements of financial freedom.
You Say 'YOURgage,' I Say 'Mortgage'. Right now the big dream is landing an apartment that has an oven and a fridge, but you would be surprised how easy it is to exist without these supposed necessities.
Independent Foreclosure Review Coming to a Close. Homeowners seeking a review on whether they have been unfairly foreclosed have been granted an extension, but the deadline is almost here.
Health Care Reform Effects. Some insured may already be getting rebate checks from companies that do not spend the required ratio of premium dollars
'Innocent Spouse Relief' Protects Against Tax Fraud. I'll wager that when most brides and grooms utter the phrase, \For better or for worse,\ the \worse\ they're imagining probably involves situations like getting laid off or a prolonged family illness -- not being the victim of tax fraud perpetrated by a current or former spouse.
Investing Costs That Will Devour Your Returns (And How to Avoid Them). What's a reasonable fee to pay for investing your own money? The answer
Job Interviewing Skills. Imagine this. You're in an important job interview and your cell phone rings. Do you answer it? You're asked a question about your former job that you despised, do you diss it?  You feel pretty confident about yourself, do you puff and preen?
7 Credit Myths Even Smart People Believe. Everybody knows how important it is to maintain good credit, but a lot of people don't know how. Some think it's necessary
Three Months, And Still In Customer-Service Limbo. THE Haggler\u2019s column about a man whose Facebook account was hijacked by a sneaker-selling spammer provoked a lot of been
Creative Ways To Save On A Wedding. When we showed you how Abigail Dalton planned her picture-perfect wedding for under $4,000, nearly 100 of you jumped in to
It Is Possible to Fix Your Credit in Two Months. Repairing a shoddy credit report requires time, but there are few steps you can take to expedite the process. Here's what to do if you're hoping to give your score a boost by Labor Day.
Reg Mead And Richard Miles, Amateur English Treasure Hunters, Find $15.6 Million Of Celtic Coins In Bailiwick Of Jersey. According to the Guardian, the largest previous find on the island occurred in 1935, with a discovery of 11,000 coins. Check
Fire Your Boss!. If you have a lousy boss (and I had a few, as have we all), if you are bored at work, if you are out of work, if you have a crappy job, I invite you to join us.
Credit Card Fraud Ring Bust Exposes Breadth And Depth Of Consumer Vulnerability. Following a two-year sting operation, this week's credit card fraud-ring bust resulted in the arrest of two dozen hackers
IRS Tax Evasion Disclosure Program Collects Only Small Percentage Of Money Lost. Since 2009, the IRS has launched several programs to incentivize the disclosure of offshore accounts. The Offshore Voluntary
Nearly Half Of Americans Don't Know Their Credit Score. While the proportion of adults inquiring about their credit score has increased to 44 percent from 37 percent in 2011, most
Emotional Intelligence at Work. If ever time to apply your emotional intelligence, it's when you have your performance appraisal.
Top 6 Ways to Pay Off Any Loan Faster. After paying off all my credit cards, my auto loan was the only thing between me and complete debt freedom. Here are some of the best methods to pay off your car loan, credit cards, or any type of debt even faster.
3 Ways Money Management Tools Can Simplify Your Life. I'm going to go ahead and assume is this
How to Save Our Homes. Would returning to a speculative, boom-and-bust housing market help poor and middle-class Americans? Or is there a better way?
12 Reasons College Costs Keep Rising. University presidents and economists like David Feldman and Robert Archibald often cite the Baumol Effect (named after a
Payday Lending To Be Offered At More Small Banks, Credit Unions, Survey Finds. Many credit unions also offer small-dollar loans at lower rates to members with good credit ratings, and the loans are structured
Is Your 401(k) Ripping You Off?. If you're a typical 401(k) investor, perhaps you check your account now and then to see how your investments are doing. Or
Time Spent Shopping Falls In 2011, According To American Time Use Survey. \When shopping malls were built, the idea was for folks to come and graze from anchor to anchor,\ said Mark Vitner, senior
10 Things Amazon Doesn't Want You To Know. 2. \Kindle Fire? You might be happier with an iPad.\ That's not to say reviewers don't tap their inner Parker from time to
Girl Scout Cookie Candy Bar Commercial Debuts (VIDEO). A girl serves as the vehicle for the ad's little joke, but it would be awfully tough for Nestle to have the 100-year-old
Rents Reach Six Figures For Some High-Income Celebrities, Global Elite. Beyonc\u00e9 once rented a three-bedroom mansion in Manhattan's Soho neighborhood that is now on the market for $100,000 per month
Paying For Summer Camp. My son starts summer camp tomorrow. And this is what I have learned as a parent about summer camp
Get Help Paying Your Rent. Get help paying your rent and find additional resources if you are a veteran, senior citizen, or live in a rural area. To
Emergency Savings. A recent study by the Employee Benefit Research Institute found that nearly a third of all American workers have less than
Eurozone Banking Union Discussed By Leaders Ahead Of Summit. By Luke Baker In a second section examining the steps required for closer fiscal coordination, the document says there is
The 10 Tech Companies With The Highest Starting Salaries. Parents who punish their kids by taking away their computer privileges may be doing more harm than they know. That's because
The Jobs Dominated By Women That Men Want The Most. It\u2019s no secret that many jobs traditionally have been dominated by one gender or another. While the inroads women are making
In Sandy Springs, Georgia, Even The City Hall Is Owned By A Private Company. IF your image of a city hall involves a venerable building, some Roman pillars and lots of public employees, the version
Greece's Bailout Requests Likely To Face European Union Opposition. The coalition brings together the conservative New Democracy, Socialist PASOK and Democratic Left in an alliance that will
U.S. Public Workers Say Organized Labor At 'A Turning Point'. Taxpayers have seen drastic cuts in public services after an economic downturn and support for public workers is waning. Union
College Degree Makes Upward Economic Mobility Much More Likely For America's Poor. But these days a college degree is no guarantee of economic prosperity, especially among the nation\u2019s youngest. The Great
Michael Lawson's Straw Home Offers Roadmap For Ditching The Heating Bill. Take a look at the home in the video below
Top 10 Convertibles of 2012 to Mark Summer Solstice. There is nothing quite like that first drive of summer with the top down. In honor of that tradition, Total Car Score has put together a list showcasing seasonal vehicles that are synonymous with summer fun.
4 Surprising Things That Will Affect Your Credit. Learning the rules of credit isn't always as straightforward as you might think. Sometimes, doing something you might think would be great for your credit score can actually have an unintentional negative impact.
Take Your Dog To Work Day. See photos of dogs at work, submitted by readers and our coworkers here at HuffPost
Sports Heroes as Financial Role Models?. If kids learn good life lessons from athletes' diligence and team work, then they can also learn a few personal finance lessons from their money mistakes.
Deb Thompson Finds Diamond Ring In Capri Pants From Goodwill, Wants To Return It (VIDEO). The Minnesota Goodwill posted an inquiry on their Facebook wall asking if anyone could prove the ring was theirs. As of Friday
Why Your 401(k) May Be Worth Less Than You Think. As Americans watched their nest eggs sink during the Great Recession, many wondered whether they would ever be able to retire
Community Financial Student-Run Credit Unions Wrap Up Successful Year. The 33 local student-run credit unions supported by Community Financial Credit Union recently finished another successful
George Washington's Constitution Sold For $9.8 Million. An autographed manuscript of Lincoln's 1864 election victory speech sold for $3.4 million in February 2009, which set a record
Car Theft. Car thieves are slacking. The number of auto thefts in the U.S. fell for the eighth consecutive year last year, according
Patricia Smith Sentenced To 78 Months After Embezzling More Than $10 Million. Steven Balmer, in a report for Traveler's Insurance, explains, \Employees may be motivated by events going on in their own
Financial Advisers Are Scaling Down Summer Vacation Plans. \I don't feel comfortable leaving the office with everything going on,\ he said. Martiak, whose firm has $300 million in
10 States With The Highest Income Taxes Per Capita. According to a new report by the Tax Foundation, New York collected on average $1,796 per person in state income taxes in
Consumers Still Want To Switch Banks But Few Do So, Report Says. Last fall, there was a lot of talk about customers switching banks with the Bank Transfer Day movement. While the movement
12 Cities Where Buying A House Is Cheaper Than Renting. Purchasing a home is far cheaper than renting in 12 U.S. cities, according to Business Insider's analysis of a recent report
Renting Your Road Trip. Renting can be an option this summer when you're ready to hit the open road, as long as you keep a few points in mind.
Gen X and Social Security. If Gen X can set aside our cynicism, embrace our strength for commonsense solutions and turn that into a political voice for a practical and equitable answer to the funding gap, this is one \disaster\ we have the power to prevent.
Improving Financial Literacy, Here and Abroad. Would you be surprised to learn that parents in many poorer countries often spend considerably more time talking with their children about money management than in wealthier countries like the U.S. and Canada?
Billing Disputes Are Top Complaint On Credit Cards Cited By Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. \I felt like it should not cost me so much for an honest mistake,\ Hayes said. But Hayes' complaint experience with the bureau
How To Save Money On Your Monthly Rent. Money Talks News
1928 Mercedes Benz S-Type Left In Garage For 60 Years Could Fetch $2 Million At Auction. In an industry based on nostalgia, some classic cars are a real investment while others are simply old. As a recent New York
Get Help to Improve Your Financial Situation. We're launching \Help for Difficult Financial Times\ and for the next five weeks, we will highlight government resources
Robin And Lesley Palmer, U.K. Couple, Win $3.3M Lottery Same Week Their Home Floods. Robin and Lesley Palmer toast their lotto win
Don't Let College Break the Bank. I haven't been the only one thinking about the cost of higher education as it's been a hot topic in the news lately. Here are the headlines that caught my attention and may have a big effect on your finances.
Chase Overdraft Fee Won't Apply To Purchases $5 Or Less. Chase is not the only bank to let smaller charges fly under the overdraft fee radar. US Bank, which announced it was raising
Asia Now Has The World's Most Millionaires. Surprisingly, Europe increased its millionaire ranks by 1.1 percent last year, for a total of 3.2 million, while combined
Topless Models on the Rise Again in 2012. Oh, and that 1976 Eldorado that was supposed to represent the \last convertible\ 36 years ago? They aren't worth a million bucks yet, but low-mileage examples can command upwards of $50,000.
Car Rental Fees Continue To Shock Drivers. Have you been subjected to ridiculous car rental fees? Tell us about it in the comments. While Finegan maintained her innocence
Heidemarie Schwermer Has Been Moneyless For 16 Years. Schwermer's childhood is what led her to reject money, she said in an interview with Business Insider. Her family became
China's Rate Cut. After interest rate cuts have failed to stimulate growth in the U.S. and Europe, why should there be faith that rate cuts in China will be any more effective?
Awesome Jobs You've Never Heard Of. Brazen Life
Credit Card Complaint Database Opens For Public View Online. The agency received more than 17,000 complaints about credit cards alone -- mostly billing disputes -- and more than 45,000
'The Lipstick Effect'. Women's beauty spending may not just be about attracting men, though. Previous research has found that consumers generally
Tax Evasion Through Israel. The Israeli-American tax preparers allegedly set up offshore accounts for six American clients in one Israeli bank's Luxembourg
Debt Management Plan Helps Couple Escape $52,000 Credit Card Debt. \I got this awful feeling that about it -- that [the debt management plan] was not going to work,\ Jacynta said. On their
Our Loss in Wealth Shows We're All in This Together. If you live in America, and not under a rock, you probably heard that the Fed announced earlier this week that U.S. wealth fell nearly 40 percent from 2007 through 2010.
Why You Need to BORROW Money to Improve Your Credit Score. So how do you have debt and manage it responsibly to build up a history of good borrowing? Here are two things to know.
Wasting Money. Money Talks News
Edwin Rivera, Port Authority Sergeant, Is The 'Undisputed Overtime King'. The New York Post reports Sgt. Edwin Rivera of the Port Authority Police Department is on track to earn more overtime pay
Waiting for a Really Good Car to Buy? The Wait Is Over. It may be too optimistic to call 2012 the year of recovery in the car world, but it's the strongest year since 2007, and one that sees the domestics doing quite well on every metric.
The Financial Wisdom of Our Fathers. In honor of Father's Day, we asked some experts from the personal finance community to share with us the financial wisdom that their fathers shared with them.
The 5 Greatest Money Lessons I Learned From My Dad. My Dad definitely took his frugality overboard at times--like when my parents bought a pick-up truck and he asked my mom to drive it around with the tailgate down because it got better gas mileage.
Lets Get Colleges to Compete for Our Bucks. ne of the best deals are that's rarely talked about
Dukes v. Wal-Mart One Year Later. In the year since, the ruling has been touted as a godsend for corporations. It has been cited numerous times by judges as a reason to throw out class actions in such disparate areas as toxics in a neighborhood, overtime pay cases, and insurance overcharges.
Joe Nocera's Misplaced Infatuation with \Good\ Bankers. Joe, you are the New York Times chief columnist on banking. It's time for you to focus on the real problem with the banking system and stop looking for saviors. It's banking policy, not people, Joe, that needs changing.
Creating a Family of Entrepreneurs. Some dads are great at tennis. Some dads are great at the piano. My dad is an incredible entrepreneur -- to say the least.
Greek Elections 2012. The euro rose to $1.2747 in early trade, from around $1.2655 late in New York on Friday. Volumes were light with traders
G7. WASHINGTON, June 17 (Reuters) - The Group of Seven industrialized economies said it was in \all our interests\ for Greece
The Least Peaceful Countries in the World. In 2011, world peace improved for the first time in three years. Incidents of terrorism fell and the global economic downturn
Why We All Need Working Parents. Why did I tell the big firms that I had a 10-month-old at home, you might ask? My answer is simple
Large Economies Don't Look So Hot Once Natural Assets Are Factored In. The index assessed Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Colombia, Ecuador, France, Germany, India, Japan, Kenya, Nigeria
10 Jobs That Won't Be Taken By Robots, Yet. So what kinds of fields are a good bet for job seekers? Which industries should you aim for if you want to avoid being replaced
Eurozone Breakup Would Have Disastrous Effects On World's Poorest Countries. If the Eurozone breaks up, it's not going to be just Europe that suffers. Oxfam predicts food shortages and other economic
Teen Unemployment Persists In Summer 2012, As Teens Compete With Adults For Low-Wage Jobs. It's a similar story in other major cities. The harsh summer job market for teens is compounded by this
Super-Rich Investing More In Treasure, Report Finds. \u201cA desire for tangibility and familiarity, coupled with concerns about broader markets, is encouraging more investors to
Roberto Unger, Obama's Former Harvard Law School Professor, Says The President 'Must Be Defeated'. \Give the bond markets what they want, bail out the reckless so long as they are also rich, use fiscal and monetary stimulus
Three Big Questions for the Greek Elections. Whichever way you look at it, Sunday's election in Greece entails major uncertainties. What is clear is that, by itself, the outcome is very unlikely to immediately end turmoil and uncertainty. Indeed, even a simplified analysis entails many permutations and combinations.
Greece Elections. Some global businesses and banks are already in retreat. \That's why it's so important that the Greek elections preferably
Robert Zoellick On Eurozone. Developing countries needed to \prepare for the uncertainty coming out of the euro zone and the wider financial markets\, Zoellick
Health Care Unions In California Split Over Nurse-To-Patient Ratios. During a call with other labor leaders on Thursday, SEIU-UHW President Dave Regan suggested that the California Labor Federation
Tim Bennett, John Nash Call For A Unified Gay Pride Holiday, New Marketing Strategy. The two are often asked to comment on what's right in gay advertising. For one, they said, an inclusive message like the
Will Ignoring My Money Situation Change It?. Basic attraction principles states that 'like energy attracts like energy'. You've all heard -- 'what you focus on grows.'
Ronald Page Goes On Gambling Spree After ATM Spits Out Unlimited Cash. Prosecutors are recommending a 15-month sentence because the bank is partly to blame for the error, Local 10 reports. Instead
Lenddo's Social Credit Score. Could the future bring banks developing their own type of \social reputation credit score\? Perhaps, but only if it's proven to be a profitable method. That's where Lenddo could serve as a market test, free of charge to the banks.
6 Things Dating Teaches Us About Investing. Bad date last night? Don't despair. It's not as bad as you may think. Here's some good news
Experian Debuts New Credit Score, Helps Bring 'Underbanked' Into Lending Fold. These new developments in credit reporting show lenders' hunger to tap into deeper wells of customers who are outside of
George Washington Bridge Carpoolers Allegedly Targeted By Port Authority Police. \In order to pad their pensions and lifestyle, they're taking bread out of our children's mouths,\ carpooler Leonor Javier
Worst Cities To Rent A Home In. Forbes Magazine recently collaborated with the real estate firm Marcus & Millichap to determine the worst cities for renters
R. Kelly Owes Millions In Unpaid Taxes, TMZ Reports. The singer owes money for every year between 2005 and 2010. In 2005, he failed to pay nearly $1.5 million, according to TMZ
Gas Prices Still High On The West Coast. The spring scare over $5 per gallon gas has evaporated. Gas prices for the most part are falling around the country. The
Diets on a Dime -- What You Should Know. You may have seen the newly released USDA study showing that healthy foods don't cost more than junk food but, for many of us, the damage to our wallet comes not in trying to be healthy but in buying the myriad foods required for special meal plans.
The Worst Savings Mistakes You're Making. Many Americans have been making terrible savings mistakes, according to the Federal Reserve's newly released Survey of Consumer
Housing Costs. Rising housing costs are trapping more families in a state of perpetual low income. On average, \cost-burdened\ households
Americans Are Wealthier, But Not Necessarily Happier. Are Americans happier than citizens in other countries? Well, it depends on how you measure happiness.
Is One Late Payment Really That Bad?. How much does a single late payment affect your credit scores? Of course, as with so many things related to credit scores, the answer is, \It depends.\ But the irony is, the better your credit, the more you may feel the sting.
What to Do When a Debt Collector Threatens to Sue You. It's bad enough when you're deeply in debt, but debt collectors are masters at magnifying your grief. Following these seven points is the best way to stay out of court, or prevail if you do get there.
Recent College Graduates Struggle To Achieve Financial Independence (INFOGRAPHIC). Trapped in a dismal job market, recent college graduates are struggling to make it on their own. A full 2 percent of recent
Fathers as Financial Role Models. Naturally, as a proud daughter and, now, a proud mother, I love hearing from dads about the ups and downs of imparting money lessons to their kids.
Why College Students Don't Borrow Enough. After the months of teeth gnashing and media panic over America's ballooning student debt burden, what I'm about to suggest
Robbing A Bank Won't Make You Rich, Economists Find. Freakonomics authors Steven D. Levitt and Stephen J. Dubner memorably wrote about how many Chicago crack dealers still lived
Americans Spending Less Money On Groceries, But Greater Share Of It On Processed Food. But public health researchers worry that cheap food has a much higher cost down the road. Much has been made about food deserts
DIY Car Care That Can Help Save You Money. Do-it-yourself (DIY) car care is catching on as a way to save money on routine service visits to mechanics, and that's a good thing. Doing your own maintenance isn't just good for your wallet, but it helps you learn about how your car works.
As Stocks Plunge, Market Watchers Identify Their Best Investments. So the average price/earnings ratio for stocks was around six, which I thought was grossly underpriced. Eventually I pulled
Cheapest U.S. Cities Located In Texas, Tennessee. A cautionary note
TiVo And PayPal Partner To Enable Online Shopping With TV's Remote Control. You've been warned
Aggressive Debt Collection -- Who's In Your Wallet?. Bankruptcy is not on anyone's list of fun things to do. The promise of relief that comes from stemming this negative tide is the deciding factor for most people. If you've filed bankruptcy, and are still being bothered by your creditors, there are some things you can do.
Health Care Costs Causing More Americans To Go Without Needed Care. Health care costs are weighing on Americans' minds -- and sapping their budgets, according to a new survey that shows that
Massachusetts Town Considers Fining Residents For Cursing. According to CBS Boston, Middleborough Police Chief Bruce Gates made the case for the initiative. Moreover, Middleborough
401k Fee Disclosure. Roberts believes executives, who tend to be the biggest savers in 401(k) plans, will also likely be the most vocal about
Savings And Loan Banks Dead, Mortgage Costs To Go Up, Report. \The financial metrics that have allowed thrifts to be profitable -- high loan-to-deposit ratios, low expenses, and high
Tax Scam. The IRS notes that it never asks taxpayers for their personal or financial information, unsolicited. Don\u2019t carry your Social
Gas Prices Fall Thanks To Crude Oil Drop, Lundberg Survey Finds. The average price of a gallon of diesel has fallen by nearly the same amount, down 30.61 cents over the past nine weeks and
Europe's Recapitalization Support for Spain Should Be Sufficient. The recent decision of the Spanish government to ask for a $125 billion recapitalization program was not an easy one. However, the Spanish package is substantially different from its predecessors.
Jamie Dimon Goes To Washington. Dimon also may shed more light on the bank's decision to radically change the way risk was measured in the Chief Investment
The States With The Fastest Growing Economies. In 2011, the U.S. economy grew for the second straight year, although at a slower pace than in 2010. According to figures
Christina Romer. The next meeting of Federal Reserve policy makers, on June 19 and 20, will probably be contentious. The latest employment
Australia Mining Boom Faces Housing Shortages In Small, Remote Towns. \Over the next two years, we will build 383 houses and townhouses across Central Queensland and we are spending A$54 million
Rajat Gupta Trial Testimony. NEW YORK, June 10 (Reuters) - Former Goldman Sachs Group Inc board member Rajat Gupta, on trial on insider trading charges
Emerging Risks in Asia. Some economists believe that Asia is largely insulated from the ongoing economic crisis in Europe and North America. However, there are a number of trends and associated risks emerging in Asia at the present time that fundamentally challenge this assumption.
Luxury Spending. The rich are out to make memories. More than half of all luxury spending worldwide now goes toward luxury experiences -- $770
FDIC Closures for the Week Ending June 8, 2012. Earlier this week my company reported on our findings about the first quarter number of the banking industry.  Our industry fact sheet indicates the banking is getting healthier.
J.C. Penney's 'Frumpy' Customers Demand  Stores Remain Frumpy. There are a few upsides to J.C. Penney's small-town fleets. Those stores were the fastest to adapt to J.C. Penney's new pricing
Euro Zone Agrees To Lend Spain Up To 100 Billion Euros. Irish Finance Minister Michael Noonan said the funds would be provided through the EFSF or ESM at the same interest rates
Spanish Bailout. While European soccer players were expertly kicking the ball down the field this weekend in the Euro 2012 tournament, European
Namast\u00e9 Solar Allows Employees To Know How Much Their Coworkers Make. \Usually, salary is an emotional and sticky situation,\ co-founder Blake Jones told American Express OPEN Forum. \In the
HAMP TIER 2 Mortgage Loan Modifications in a Nutshell. Through recent revisions, the government hopes that its program will provide relief to more homeowners and make a bigger impact on the housing market by enabling more homeowners to prevent foreclosure.
A Lost Generation. My gas light is on and it's raining. Only one windshield wiper works. Thank God it's the one on the driver's side. The check engine light has been on for a while. I don't remember how long. And I remember I have $128 in my back pocket to last me until forever.
Health Care Reform Boosts Health Insurance For Young Adults, Gallup Poll Shows. \The young adults who appear to have taken advantage of the provision allowing them to stay on their parents' health insurance
What to Do if Your Tax Return Is Audited by the IRS. If you are one of the unlucky few who do receive a 'review' notice from the IRS, here is some important information to consider.
Fifth Third Bank Will Have Most Expensive Overdraft Fees. Yet with all the changes in bank fees, shopping around for a new bank account is not as easy as it seems. Fee disclosures
Iowa Collects Unpaid Debt From Gambling, Lottery Winners. \These people are taking their kids' money and they are throwing it in a slot machine,\ said Joel Judd, a former Colorado
Money Maven Chellie Campbell on Fear, Financial Stress and Angry People. Chellie Campbell's book is the best book on spirituality and money I've ever read, so I contacted her recently to get her take on the lingering after-effects of the Great Recession and people's financial fear.
Health Care Reform Insures 6.6 Million Young Adults Who Still Struggle To Pay Medical Bills, Debt. This would translate into about 13.7 million young adults in the broader population. Sara Collins, one of the study's authors
A Perfect Failure. It is easy to forget that 401(k) plans have only been around for three decades. We have learned a lot in that period, and the jury is now in
'No More Mr. Nice Guy' - Why You Should Think Twice Before Co-Signing a Loan. Co-signing can be a great way to help a responsible family member or friend who has fallen on hard times and needs a hand to get back on their feet. But co-signing comes with consequences that you should be aware of before you sign any papers!
No Bank Account. \Closed my bank account almost two years ago and haven't looked back,\ reader Blake R. Mathews wrote to The Huffington Post
The SEC's Most Misguided Regulation. The SEC's warning against using past performance is advice investors should take with a grain of salt.
Average Home Size Rose 4 Percent In 2011. Could the housing boom days of outrageous McMansions be making a comeback? This time around, the growth in home size is much
Regular Exercise Increases Salary Pay By 9 Percent, Study Says. If you feel underpaid, you may want to hit the gym. You'll feel better immediately, and over the long term you'll get better
Insurance Quiz. If you want to save money on insurance, give some thought to the difference between a peril and a hazard. Anything you can do to minimize hazards could help reduce your premiums for home, health, car and life insurance.
Goldilocks and the Three Banks. One size does not fit all when it comes to banks. Don't rely on generalities when deciding on a new bank -- choose the institution specifically suited to your needs.
Cash Dying As Credit Card Payments Predicted To Grow In Volume. \Card statements give me an idea of where I am spending money, and I can easily check the last time I did something, like
Move To Amend Movement Plans To Rubber Stamp Dollar Bills To Protest Citizens United. Could rubber stamping dollar bills get you in trouble? Cohen -- a bankroller of the Occupy movement -- is participating in
Professional Certificates Can Lead To Higher Pay, Study Says. A certificate program is a course of study that typically is completed in less than two years. Despite the perception that
Colorado Asks Unemployed To Pay Back $128 Million In Jobless Benefits. This is not the first time that Colorado has paid more in jobless benefits than it was supposed to. Last year, it recovered
Craigslist Odd Jobs. News about the job market can be pretty dull and depressing. While we all shudder about the dismal U.S. unemployment rate
Foreclosure Settlement. So we built a list of Frequently Asked Questions. It guides homeowners and other readers through the two separate government
8 Insane Things Super-Rich People Spend Their Money On (Photos). When the billions start piling up, what's a mogul to do? Sure you could buy a $49 million Aspen mansion with its own sewage
Law School Tuition Rises As Salaries Shrink And Other Things To Law Schools Won't Tell You. To continue reading this article, click here 1. \Lawyers are a dime a dozen.\ After graduating from California Western School
Most Shoplifted Items. Organized retail crime involves shoplifting with the intent of selling the goods, according to the report. Thieves usually
SunTrust To Raise Minimum Balance, Overdraft Fees On Everyday Checking Accounts. Customers with other accounts, including Student Checking and Solid Choice Checking ones, will lose another benefit
Ask the Readers. Why don't people talk about money? Is it just to avoid discomfort? Or are there more practical reasons to avoid these sorts of discussions?
Eliminating the Pay Gap. Nearly fifty years after President Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act, prohibiting employers from discriminating on the basis of gender, women still earn significantly less than men for doing the same work.  Today, Congress has a chance to do something about it.
Do It Yourself or Die Trying. These days, frugal is the new cool.  Boxed wine is in.  Fashion magazines trumpet vintage finds. Waste not, want not, is the new reality -- only it feels like old times to me.
Paying For College. * Obama has focused on education costs on campaign trail (Updates with quotes, details, Republican position) Obama is set
IKEA TV Prompts Viewers To Buy Products With Remote Control. Research conducted on smart TV platform advertising, which integrates the interactivity of the web with television, has demonstrated
The Brighter Side for Deposit Accounts. With interest rates scraping along just above zero, it's easy to grow frustrated with savings accounts and other bank deposit products. However, as uninspiring as savings account rates have become, the grass may not be greener anywhere else.
Gay Couples Face More Financial Obstacles Than Straight Couples. \We always purposefully did not apply to southern programs,\ Morgan says, \but the game has changed.\ After waiting years
Wedding Costs. If you're getting married in a big city like New York or San Francisco, be prepared to pay a big-city premium. On average
Investing In Gold. So how much is gold really worth? With stocks, bonds, rental houses and Laundromats, one way to answer that question is to
TD Bank Issues Counterfeit Money Without A Refund. Hagman told The Huffington Post that he now tells friends that withdraw large amounts of money to tell the bank to \scan
Flawed Regulation Threatens Nation's Stay-At-Home Spouses. Without prompt action from the Consumer Financial Protection bureau, flawed credit card regulation threatens to send stay-at-home moms back to the 60s.
Paying For College. The study's researchers surveyed more than 1,000 parents with $250,000 in investable assets. The average cost of attending
The Seven Deadly Sins Of Credit (And How To Avoid Them). There\u00a0are\u00a0a number of \sins\ we can commit against our credit scores that can hurt ourselves, and others, in the long run.
As Commercial Jingles Fade, One Fish Still Fries In Memory. Commercial music takes up about 25 percent of their time, including the soundtrack for a recent American Express spot. \The
David Weber, SEC Investigator On Leave, Had Previously Requested To Carry A Gun. It has caught the attention of U.S. Senator Charles Grassley, who has asked the SEC for more information about whether the
$33 Barrel Oil Now and Forever -- With Leadership!. Shale oil deposits are already being accessed through the oil industry's initiative in such locales as North Dakota with its rapidly growing oil production and its resulting and startling economic boom.
Zombie Funds Receiving A 'Close Look' From SEC. \This is a good example of what we are doing differently now,\ he said. \We are not waiting for the fund to blow up or the
Paul Krugman. Krugman was responding to Romney adviser's claim that the GOP presidential nominee believes the Ryan plan is \the right direction
Europe 'Fiscal Union' Proposal At Forefront Of Crisis Debate. That means for some time the European Central Bank will remain the institution capable of acting quickly to avert disaster
States With The Widest Gap Between Rich And Poor. While some income inequality is generally considered necessary in a free market economy, extreme inequality is not. In the
Guijo de Galisteo, Spanish Village, Votes For Bullfights Over Job Creation. MADRID, June 3 (Reuters) - A small town in western Spain believes there is one thing more important than jobs
Credit Unions Just Got a Little More Transparent. In December 2009, my friend Arianna Huffington called with this idea to educate \ordinary\ people about the financial system. We called that project \Move Your Money\ and the tool has been running ever since.
Minimum Wage For Restaurant Servers Remains Stagnant For 20 Years Under Industry Lobbying. Similarly, a GOP-backed bill in Arizona would have lowered that state's tipped minimum wage of $4.65 by more than $2, among
Greece's Credit Rating Ceiling Cut By Moody's Because Of Eurozone Exit Risk. \Any rating actions taken as a result of the new ceiling will be released during the coming week,\ Moody's said in a statement
'Cocoon House' Features Organic, Eco-Friendly Design [PHOTOS]. But Planning Korea isn\u2019t alone in its emphasis on organic and environmentally-friendly architecture. Swedish furniture company
Investors Brace for Global Slowdown. The U.S. has lost an important part of its global leadership role. The G7 and IMF lack legitimacy and credibility. And the G20 is still working on its operational effectiveness. All this speaks to continued uncertainty and volatility -- economic, financial, political and social. Since the world starts naturally long risk assets, we could well see more investors seeking less risky asset allocations, including cash in what they deem as \safe jurisdictions.\ In the process, valuations -- for bonds, commodities, currencies, and equities -- could well diverge for a while from what many deem to be historically fair valuations. As Will Rogers is said to have observed decades ago, investors should be concerned with the return of their money and not just the return on their money.
Occupy Protesters In Minneapolis Fight To Save Foreclosed Home, Pushing Movement's New Focus. The house at 4404 Cedar Ave., in south Minneapolis, sits a little ways back from a leafy road. An American flag flies from
4 Steps to Make Prepaid Cards Better. Prepaid cards are everywhere.  Here's what I suggest to steady the ship without making things worse for the consumers who really have no other option:
The Middle-Class Solution. People in the middle class must understand that it is no longer the safe haven of inspiration it was for their parents. Particularly, its lower and middle bands do not make enough money to save enough to create financial security.
Get Out Of A Contract Without Paying A Termination Fee. Want to cancel your gym membership in favor of outdoor exercise this summer? Beware the cancellation fees. A key part of
FDIC Investigating Bank-Originated Payday Loans. Gruenberg said the FDIC would investigate banks that make payday loans and expressed concern over the use of outside software
Virginia Hopkins, Waitress, Returns $434,712 Tax Refund Sent By Mistake. If the government sent you a half-million dollar tax refund by mistake, would you keep it? Her family and friends fantasized
Massachusetts Lottery Fraud Suspects Accused Of Collecting Welfare After Winning Lottery. Massachusetts officials believe that their lottery winnings also are a fraud. They say that Casey and Basile are among fraudulent
5 Tricks Car Dealers Don't Want You to Know. Meet Carsabi. Carsabi is an automotive search and comparison engine that tracks over a million cars nationally from dealerships
Pavel Durov, Russian Millionaire, Throws Money Paper Planes Onto Passersby In St Petersburg. According to a report from Russia Today, Pavel Durov, owner and CEO of the popular Russian social networking site VKontakte
In Lieu Of Traditional Jobs, Apps Help Unemployed Gain Income. This story also aired on NPR's Morning Edition. It was produced by Youth Radio's New Options Desk. \They were going to post
DeShawn Stevenson Installs ATM In Kitchen (PHOTO). In a recently posted Instagram photo, it appears that NBA star DeShawn Stevenson grew tired of hunting down an ATM to withdraw
5 Best Credit Cards for Newly Minted Alumni. With average student debt topping $25,000, now isn't the time to treat a credit card like a source of emergency income. Stay focused on your goal of building a credit history as you launch your career, so your long-term financial objectives can fall into place when the time's right.
Greed vs. Retirement Security. So what happens in a marketplace when buyers lack information and can't easily exercise consumer choice? Sellers can charge whatever they want. And this is pretty much the case in the 401(k) marketplace.
Sandwich Generation Headed for a Crumble. This generation of people, sandwiched between financially needy parents and children, will be reaching retirement age soon but likely without a nest egg of any significance. For those facing this financial whipsaw, here are some recommendations, both financial and psychological.
Morgan M. Johnson Arrested For Fraud After Allegedly Lying About $1 Billion Inheritance. Morgan M. Johnson, 24, may have convinced others that she stood to inherit $1 billion, but in reality all she is facing are
5 Essential Facts About the Greek Currency Crisis. The latest wrinkle in the Greek financial crisis is a rush by its citizens to withdraw their savings from banks. This is both a symptom of the fear that Greece might leave the euro zone and a potential catalyst to force that exit.
Facebook Flubs? You Can Still Make Money!. I can't help you with past mistakes nor am I quick to say that buying Facebook is a mistake. However, here are some important tips the average investor has to know BEFORE investing in the market.
More Student Loan Borrowers Are Dropping Out Of College. Dropping out of college costs significantly more in lost earnings than it saves in unpaid tuition. College dropouts earn
Yard Sale Treasures Lurk Amid Junk, Antiques Appraiser Says. Are you saying Europeans are cheap? [Laughs.] I wouldn't say cheap, but they want value. What do you keep in your wallet
How to Avoid Being a Bad Roommate. Roommate tensions are not limited to strangers. When cash-strapped young adults return to the nest, or older parents move in with grown kids for financial or caregiver assistance, long-suppressed family grievances can erupt if you're not careful.
I Filed For Bankruptcy At 23. It's been ten years since I filed for bankruptcy, and although I'd like to be able to say I learned a lesson about money, that would be a bit of a lie.
Senate Panel Considers Charging Flyers More For Airport Security. A pat down from the Transportation Security Administration or TSA may now cost you double in fees. Airline fees continue
New IRS Study. The Buffett Rule, a proposal from President Barack Obama, could change that. The proposed rule would impose a 30 percent
Facebook Crybabies. The stock's price failed to go up substantially and has fallen sharply in the days since the IPO. And although Morgan Stanley's
Home Prices. According to the National Association of Realtors, home sales rose 10 percent in April over last year. By year's end, year
What Is A 529 Savings Plan? 10 Things You Didn't Know About Saving For College. Saving for college is an important, especially for poorer families. A college degree is worth $2.8 million over one's lifetime
JPMorgan Fiasco Highlights Need For Simpler Banking. You can parse the stories about how the bank's risk-management people loaded up on risk, or digest the accounts of how JPMorgan's financial wizards engineered mind-bendingly complex means of limiting their vulnerability to troubles in Europe. But the simplest answer is the most pertinent
We Work Too Hard. It would behoove us to remember that slow and steady often wins the race, just as a more balanced approach to work life can be more beneficial than the helter-skelter mindset of our cut-throat labor market.
Housing Market May Finally Be Turning Around With Sales Up 10 Percent In April. Some of those who can buy are moving fast. But comments from major lenders Bank of America and Wells Fargo & Co suggest they
Greece Gives Banks Banks $22.6 Billion As Exit Panic Causes Savers To Pull Funds. Together, the sums translate to about 77 percent of the banking system's household and business deposits, which stood at
European Banks May Become More Vulnerable, As Bond Investors Threaten To Ditch Over New Rules. One of the ways in which banks are hoping to plug the likely funding gap is by issuing bonds secured on their prime mortgage
Paul Krugman. Quick quiz
Corporate Raiders or Corporate Redeemers?. Long derided as \corporate raiders\ only interested in making a fast buck often to the long-term detriment of their target companies, some recent successful activist investor campaigns have done much to rightfully disprove this long-held misconception.
Paul Krugman. Quick quiz
Greek Exit Fears Cause Wealthy Greeks To Transfer Money To Safer Northern Banks. \I have worked hard all my life and took risks in business. I am 62 years old now and cannot risk my money becoming drachmas
A Hundred Billion Here, a Hundred Billion There. Last week the Financial Times ran a piece which opened thus
What Is the Cultural Significance of Facebook's May 18, 2012 IPO?. I am less interested in the business model than the value our culture is putting on what is still perhaps the most important news gathering institution in the world -- versus the value it is placing on a social media company.
Facebook IPO -- How Wall Street Lost the Retail Investor, Again. All Wall Street needed to do was deliver a fair price -- an honest price -- to the common, middle-class investor. Instead, what they delivered was a shafting of the retail investor to the benefit of their best customers; the venture capitalists, prime brokers and inside institutions.
Winemaking Attracts Wealthy Investors, Despite Lack Of Profits. If there is one investment that has more to do with the heart than the head, it\u2019s vineyards. It is also one that lends itself
The Private Equity Debate. Private equity may not have been the prime mover, and at times it spawned uncertainty and job losses (or worse); but it also opened opportunities, not just for buyout mavens like Romney, but for owners and managers and, in some cases, workers of middle-market companies.
Northern Rock Bank Run Offers A Lesson For Europe. Reassuring customers they will not lose money and strengthening the deposit guarantee scheme is nonetheless the biggest lesson
States Offer Historic Buildings Rent-Free Through Resident Curator Programs. Despite the allure of getting a historic building for free, the programs aren't for everyone. With restoration costs ranging
Greek Sex Industry Suffers From Economic Downturn. The troubles of Greece's sex and pornography trade echo those plaguing its wider economy. Shoppers at the stands were few
The Happiest Countries In The World. For the second year in a row, 24/7 Wall St. examined the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development\u2019s report
What Chinese Consumers Want. Understanding China's consumer culture is a good starting point for understanding the nation itself, as it races toward superpower status. Material similarities between Chinese and Americans mask fundamentally different emotional impulses.
Celebrating Being in a Diversity League of Our Own. At Kaiser Permanente, we have a wonderful level of diversity among our caregivers and staff, and  among our patients and members. Our diversity gives us the sensitivity and the connectivity that we need to serve our members respectfully and well.
North And South America Poised To Become Important Players In The Oil Market. LOMA LA LATA, Argentina \u2014 In a desertlike stretch of scrub grass and red buttes, oil companies are punching holes in the
World's Wealthiest Women. Other super-wealthy women that made Wealth-X\u2019s cut include Australian mining mogul Gina Rinehart, valued at $29.1 billion
Best Buy's Latest Numbers Suggest A Gloomy Outlook For Big-Box Stores. Best Buy released its first-quarter 2012 earnings this week, and though the numbers beat Wall Street expectations, net income
Replacements Limited, North Carolina Company, Sees Customer Blowback After Supporting Gay Marriage. In the months leading up to North Carolina\u2019s vote this month to ban gay marriage, most of the state\u2019s business leaders were
SaveUp $2 Million Jackpot Rewards Saving, Debt-Paying. Credit unions have also been using this strategy to encourage customers to squirrel away money. Starting in June Maryland
Osama On The $20 Bill And 'Secret' Messages On Money (PHOTOS). What do you do when it's a slow news day on the Friday before a three-day weekend? We at HuffPost Money decided to investigate
Euro at Risk of Falling to Bits Just Like Pieces of Eight. Those who rely upon currency must have faith that the institution that prints it has the wherewithal to meet all those promises. It is amazing, then, that the euro hasn't entirely evaporated.
Cursing At Work Is Not Always A Bad Idea. Carol Bartz, fired as chief executive of Yahoo Inc. YHOO -0.20% last September, wishes she did one thing differently during
Consumer Sentiment In May Reaches Highest Level In More Than Four Years. \Unfortunately, consumer confidence is still extremely vulnerable to a reversal, as occurred in the past two years,\ survey
Groupon Tests A Cash Register, PayPal Eyes An ATM To Provide Alternatives To Banks' Services. The pricing is extremely aggressive, with a 1.8% transaction fee and a 15 cent per transaction charge for transactions processed
Student Loans. News stories about student loan debt have suddenly become as numerous as stories on the U.S. economic recovery. For some really scary statistics, check out a recent College Board study on for-profit colleges.
6 Things Your Car Insurer Doesn't Want You to Know. Car insurance is something of an opaque industry. We know we have to pay the bill every month; we just have no clue how the carrier arrived at that rate.
Why I Am Leaving... the Practice of Being a Plaintiff's Class Action Lawyer*. I can no longer look judges in the eye and tell them I am entitled to millions in fees for so-called class member \benefits\ which I believe actually harms the interests of class members, consumers, and society in general.
Testing the Fed's Predictions. \Testing the Fed's predictions\ The Fed's report card As part of its recent drive for greater transparency, the Fed recently
OECD Reveals Countries With Longest Working Hours (SLIDESHOW). \The difference [between the U.S. and Britain] is really driven by the fact that the US is the only developed country that
Foreclosure Review Program Is Encouraged By Fed In New Video. To steer homeowners toward a little-used foreclosure review program, the government is harnessing the power of YouTube. The
STUDY. To read stories from underwater homeowners about how the experience has affected them, check out this blog, which is a collection
Jim Nichols Made $138 On Facebook Shares. Guess who did make money? Wall Street. Both CNN Money and the Wall Street Journal reported that underwriters may have made
Five Myths About Prepaid Cards. Prepaid cards are everywhere these days, quickly replacing cash and checks as the fastest way to transfer money. If you're
Websites Help Consumers To Shop Around For Best Healthcare Deals. Cost comparisons are also useful to the increasing number of Americans that lack healthcare insurance, including the 26 percent
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Considers Rules For Prepaid Cards. On Wednesday, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is taking the first step to create consumer protections for prepaid
Managing Your First Week on a New Job. The hardest part of starting a new job is feeling OK about the fact that you have no idea what you're doing.
More Americans Are Going To Pawn Shops To Get Fast Cash. More Americans are turning to pawn shops to get by, hawking jewelry, electronics, tools, and other personal items for quick
4 Reasons Why You Should Check Your Score (Even If You Don't Plan to Borrow Money in the Near Future). It's common to believe that a credit score is really only helpful when you want to borrow money and therefore (so the questionable logic goes) you don't need to check your score until you want to borrow money. Here are four reasons why that way of thinking is wrong.
Patrick Cullen Of Cattaraugus, New York, Is The Nicest Banker In America. If you were going to sit down and design the opposite of a Wall Street banker, you would probably come up with someone like
FarmVille Gets Its Own American Express Prepaid Card. On Tuesday, the financial services company announced the launch of a new FarmVille-branded prepaid card as part of its Zynga
A Marriage Made of Money. Given the choice between the flailing middle class and obscene wealth...? I think I might actually take the first. Because I remember how it felt being married to someone who had a different approach to money and a completely different set of priorities. It was profoundly lonely.
Who Will Win the Battle for the Mobile Wallet?. Over the next five years paying with your phone will become as commonplace as paying with cash, which is why every man, his bank and his phone company are in the battle to win the mobile wallet space. So who's going to win?
Couple Who Tried To Sell Rosetta Stone On eBay To Pay For Headstone Accused Of Piracy. \Rosetta Stone is in an ongoing dialogue with the parties involved in this particular case to potentially resolve the issue
Trulia's Housing Barometer. Aside from a dip in March, the recovery is slowly but steadily pushing ahead. The housing market is now 37% of the way back to normal, compared with just 20% back to normal a year ago.
The Easy Way to Fix a Credit Report Error. The information in your credit reports is what's used to create your credit scores, so you don't want to let mistakes on your credit reports potentially throw your credit scores out of whack. Here's how to dispute credit report mistakes, step-by-step.
Why We All Need to Think About Alternative Credit. Is it time for \Alternative Credit\ to join the mainstream credit conversation? It's long overdue. If you're a consumer without
Financial Buddies Help Friends Stay On Track With Their Spending. As more Americans sink into debt or earn less money, it is becoming hard for many of them to stick to a budget. Half of all
The NBA Pass. What's bad about the NBA Pass? The whole point of cable/satellite media was to open up the market for telecommunications broadcasts from outside one's local viewing area. This is exactly what the NBA Pass is curtailing.
Is Insider Trading Part Of The Fabric On Wall Street?. Federal authorities today are trumpeting efforts to root out insider trading, and they\u2019ve caught some big fish. Yet many
Wolfgang Schaeuble. \The current situation is causing public uncertainty. That's exactly what political leaders shouldn't do.\ Schaeuble said
Europe Crisis. \Finally, the whole of Europe needs to become more competitive and productive. That means reforming welfare systems, investing
Nine Major Ways Criminals Use Facebook. Internet security analysts warn that Facebook is a hotbed for online crime. According to an infographic published earlier
The Great Verizon FiOS Ripoff. Verizon is now making it clear that it is no longer expanding FiOS, its fiber optic cable service. So what did they accomplish? What did they build? And how much did it cost?
SEC Probing Chipotle Over Claims The Burrito Chain Hired Undocumented Workers. Michael Wildes, an immigration attorney and a former federal prosecutor who is not involved in the case, said it is \not
Discord At JPMorgan Investment Office Blamed In Huge Loss. Ever since JPMorgan Chase disclosed a multibillion-dollar trading loss this month, the central mystery has been how a bank
The Five Best And Worst Cities For Financial Well-Being (PHOTOS). The index from just two months ago revealed a much grimmer overall picture, with declining net worth and budgeting problems
'That's Not My Job' Days Are Over. Let's keep it real. The average employee is frequently asked to stretch his/her workload far beyond that of the original job description. This is a systemic function of our modern workplace.
String Cheese Incident, Colorado Jam Band, Crowdsources Fans To Avoid Ticket Fees. For music fans, the main way to avoid hefty TicketMaster or other fees is to purchase tickets directly from a venue. But
Crowdsourcing the Student Loan Mess. While I agree with Alan in principal, the combination of seemingly unlimited student loan money from the government, and
Facebook IPO. To continue reading, click here. 2. \We know where you go online...\ Phishing could become an even bigger problem on Facebook
Personal Capital CEO Bill Harris Advises Facebook Millionaires, 'Don't Do Anything Silly'. Let's talk about how you spend your money. What do you use to shop
Wells Fargo To End All Free Checking Accounts By August. Wells Fargo is based in San Francisco and acquired Wachovia during the 2008 financial crisis. The merger brought the Wells
What's a Woman's True Worth?. Of all of the carefully wrapped presents we gave our moms on Mother's Day last Sunday, how many mothers do you think tore open the pretty-in-pink paper to find their child's investments portfolios inside? Not many, if any at all.
Tax Returns. Many Americans will be getting tax refunds from the government, and tax refunds are \found money\ -- money you forgot was yours. It's as if the government lifted up your couch cushions and found a few hundred dollars.
Half Of Americans Are Spending More Than They Earn, But Don't Realize It. It's perhaps not surprising that a lot of Americans don't make the connection between overspending and financial risk. Schoolchildren
Credit Unions Are Easily Forgiven -- Banks, Not So Much. The Temkin Group, a business that consults on and researches customer experiences, has done a new survey of 10,000 consumers to determine which businesses customers are most and least likely to forgive.
On Choosing A Money Manager, Your Instincts Are Probably All Wrong. Rezlescu and his coauthors devised a crafty set of experiments to determine how much facial appearances influence the willingness
San Jose Passes Ordinance Cracking Down On Payday Lenders. The industry has been criticized by consumer advocates who say the expensive loans can trap customers in a cycle of debt
Your Parent's Basement. Maybe the days of budget backpacking are over, which is too bad. But there are still tables to wait and floors to sleep on. And it's worth it.
Jim Nichols Is Investing In Facebook For The Bragging Rights. He is part of a relatively elite group of personal investors who met certain financial -- but somewhat unclear -- guidelines
What You Can Do Now to Get a Bigger Tax Refund Next Year. A better way to work towards a larger refund next year is by taking advantage of all the tax credits and deductions that you may be entitled to, but are often overlooked.
ING Retirement Coach on Graduates' Failure to Launch. The beauty of the boomerang is that after sending it off, it comes right back to its original destination.  In the case of parents sending their children to college -- or the workforce -- and having them return home, the effect might not have the same \beauty.\
White House Launches Money as You Grow. Now is the moment to start teaching young Americans the ins and outs of personal finance. With higher than average unemployment rates and ballooning student loan debt, young people inhabit a daunting financial landscape.
Ask the Readers. Wouldn't it be nice if you could go back and give your younger self some words of wisdom? Since time travel doesn't exist, the best thing you can do is try to help other young people.
Would You Change Banks for a Mercedes?. It's nothing new for banks to offer gifts to new customers -- a free toaster is the age-old example. However, a bank in Florida has come up with something a little sexier
Chicago Bakery Employees, Left Out Of Winning Lottery Pool, Sue Coworkers. Tossing a few bucks into your office lottery doesn't sound like the type of thing that would end in a multimillion-dollar
Dealing With Debt Collectors. Debt collection agencies are used to being yelled and cursed at, so why not take the opposite approach and try to be their friends?
Luebke Baker & Associates, FTC Settle For Collecting On Fake Debts. The FTC alleges that debt collectors at Luebke Baker frequently pretended that they were attorneys or worked with attorneys
Owning Your Company's Stock. If we're managing that account, then they're coming to us to take over. If all you want to do is trade your company stock
Internet Romance Scams Cost Victims $50 Million in 2011. Being the victim of Internet fraud is a tough pill to swallow no matter how it happens. But to be a lonely and vulnerable
Gas Prices In U.S. Are Among Lowest In World, Report Finds. We have the 12th lowest gas prices on a list of 55 countries compiled by Bloomberg, cited by blogger Barry Ritholtz. Most
Can You \Sort of\ Be an Identity Theft Victim?. What can you do if someone is not exactly using your information to commit identity theft, but has hijacked some of your personal information? Is there such a thing as \sort-of identity theft\ -- or is that like being \half pregnant?\
Tips For Job Changers. If you are among the growing number of Americans looking for a new job, you might want to consider some advice before cutting
Sallie Mae Forgives Dead Student's Debt After Media Attention. Most lenders do not have a clear policy about what happens to a co-signed student loan when the borrower dies or becomes
Health Care Costs To Exceed A Record $20,000 Per Year For Families With Insurance, Study Says. Family health care costs grew by 6.9 percent between 2011 and 2012, slower than in previous years, but Milliman suggests
Student Debt Levels Often Higher At State Schools Than Elite Private Colleges, Analysis Shows. Student debt weighing on your mind? You might be surprised about where the worst of it comes from. It all depends on what
Household Spending. You work hard every day, doing everything you can to bring more bacon home, and trim the fat from your spending. But it still
Are High Gas Prices a Boon to Auto Insurers?. In principle, one would expect personal lines automobile insurance companies to realize a modest windfall from recent increases in gasoline prices. However, I think it's fair to say that \not all's the same 'twixt the pump and the claim\ -- not even the same as it used to be.
Too Big to Care. No one wants to repeat another bailout, and politically speaking, it's hard to imagine one getting passed again within the next fifty years. But when financial leaders allow huge bets to be placed on unnatural, or synthetic securities, they simply haven't learned the lessons of the past crisis.
J.C. Penney and Gap's Gay-Themed Ads Seek Profit With Progress. Now Gap has released a campaign featuring two young men cuddling inside the same T-shirt, accompanied by the caption \Be
Global Luxury Home Sales Fall For First Time Since 2009 On Europe Economic Woes. Knight Frank said the fall in luxury house prices in the first three months of the year was led by Tel Aviv, where prices
Terry Jordan, Mississippi Woman, Sold Wrong Foreclosed Home. Speeding up the process can cause problems, however. In another example of foreclosure confusion, a Houston couple and their
ResCap, Ally Financial Mortgage Unit, Nearing Bankruptcy. DETAILS IN THE FILING By Rick Rothacker and Paritosh Bansal Ally does not have publicly traded shares, but has stockholders
JP Morgan's Loss Could Be America's Gain. The public opprobrium directed at Wall Street throughout 2008 and 2009 met with no satisfactory reformist result. That leaves us with Occupy Wall Street as the only viable option of steering the nation off the course of permanent high unemployment, low wages, and a shredded social safety net.
Greece Nears 'Moment Of Truth' As Coalition Talks Fall Apart. The constitution sets no deadline for Papoulias to complete his search for a deal and he has given no indication how long
Jerry Brown. California could well receive a windfall from the planned initial public offering of online social media firm Facebook, which
Jamie Dimon On Meet The Press. CEO Jamie Dimon said he did not know the extent of the problem when he said in April that the concerns were a \tempest in
Eight Great Tech Brands Losing Money. It is a trend in the consumer electronics business \u2014 manufacturers rise to become industry leaders only to be outshone by
Mother Knows Best. What's the best advice you ever received from your mother? My mom taught me to be optimistic, compassionate and that family comes first.
Walmart At 50. Some of the testimonies were collected by a team of Making Change at Walmart representatives who since mid-April have been
Tax Rates Have Fallen The Most For The Richest Americans [GRAPHIC]. Since Bill Clinton's first term, taxes have fallen the most for the wealthiest Americans. Federal tax rates plunged 9.4 percent
Nine Worst States To Get A Raise. Nationwide, absolute mobility, increased 17%. In many of worst-off states, it was as low as 12%. Nationally, 34% of those
Accretive Health Debt Collector Defends Embedding Employees Inside Hospitals. Accretive Health has been battered in Minnesota, Washington, and on Wall Street since Swanson published a six-volume report
San Diego Voters Want To Fine Banks $1,000 Per Day For Neglecting Foreclosed Homes. When banks don't do the upkeep on seized properties, the empty homes wind up being a huge financial drain on the community
Hunger at Camp David. Despite the multiple challenges at large, I am optimistic about African agriculture. There has certainly never been a better basis to build on.
Jamie Dimon's SNAFU. The United States is trying to pull out of the greatest financial tailspins in its history.  Dice-rolling braggadacio by a key officer at one of the nation's largest banks is exactly the kind of thing Congress, taxpayers and voters should find scary.
Thoughts on the Big JP Loss. Financial markets are inherently unstable. They will neither self-correct nor self-regulate. Their instability poses a threat to markets and economies and people across the globe.
Greek Tragedy. AS I follow the modern Greek tragedy unfolding in Europe, I flash back to the 18 years I spent in Athens, walking to school
Feds Sue Funeral Home In New York For Allegedly Misleading Customers. Just last Thursday, the Blair-Mazzarella Funeral Home in New York City agreed to settle FTC charges that it had not provided
FICO 8, Not FICO, Is Used In Recent Credit Company Report, Adding To Consumer Confusion. And the credit industry is not helping their own cause. On Friday, the New York Times' Bucks Blog called out FICO, which
One Expense Leads to Another?. Have you ever bought something only to discover that this one purchase led to another? And another? And another? I have, and it's frustrating.
Mother's Day. \My mother was one of the original deficit financers,\ she said. \She made ends meet by borrowing or by selling her possessions
Mother's Day Spending To Increase 8 Percent. In fact, consumers are expected to spend an average of $152.52 on gifts for Mother's Day
Sharon Duncan, Arkansas Woman Who Threw Away Lottery Ticket, Doesn't Feel Bad For Woman Forced To Return Winnings (VIDEO). \u201cI don\u2019t feel bad for her,\u2019\u2019 Sharon Duncan, the purchaser of the winning ticket, said in an interview with Ann Curry. An
5 Tips for Job-Hunting. Back when I was towards the beginning of the job search process, I shared some job-hunting tips. But now that I'm on the other side -- offer in hand -- I have a bit more advice to impart from the trenches.
Why I'm Glad I Was Swindled. The con that ensnared me was a mundane one, which made it all the more undetectable. It wasn't an ungrammatical email promising fantastic riches, but a perfectly ordinary financial transaction with two very nice people.
Same-Sex Marriage Support From Obama Hailed By Financial Planners, Who Caution Long Road Ahead. \What we got today was a personal expression of the president's support and he can't overturn DOMA single-handedly,\ said
Paul Pasquarosa's Misprinted Lottery Ticket Fooled Him Into Thinking He Won $1 Million. That, in turn, has led critics to label the lottery a \regressive tax\ -- a financial mechanism that tends to draw the most
Are You an Expecting Mom? Here's a Gift You Can Give to Yourself. Maybe you'll someday need to borrow money to send your kids to college. All of those things take credit, and a good credit score can help you borrow more money for a longer period of time with a lower rate.
American Express Campus Edition Debuts As Prepaid Debit Card For College Students. Gone are the days when credit card companies set up tables with free candy and other gifts to get new college students to
Bennett Olson, Minnesota Man With Billboard Resume, Hired For Marketing Job (VIDEO). \It does take something perhaps unique to make yourself stand out from the crowd,\ Steve Hine from the Minnesota Department
Half Of Americans Are Not Saving For Retirement. Unfortunately, most young Americans do not start saving early. Just one in three Americans begin putting away money for retirement
Four Credit Cards That Will Make Summer Travel More Affordable. As most travelers look for ways to stretch their budgets, the benefit of a credit card's initial bonus cannot be ignored -- the right one can give you an extra $500 to play with.
Don't Let Bad Estate-Planning Make You Homeless!. Transferring your home to your children is a clumsy method of trying to accomplish your estate-planning goals. Having counseled thousands of families , I can tell you that this well-intentioned transfer is more likely to do harm than good.
Canada's New $20 Bill Shows Twin Towers, Pornographic Images, Focus Groups Say. Some Canadians are balking at a preliminary redesign of the country's $20 bill, saying it's \too pornographic\ and has an
The Best Employers On The Fortune 500. More young professionals wanted to work for Google in 2011 than any other company, a survey conducted by Universum -- an
Debt Collectors And Identity Theft. Dear Debt Adviser, I am a victim of identity theft. The person who stole my ID took out a payday loan and used a fake bank
Facebook, Twitter Followers Can Earn You Cash. Customers seeking the best deals may have to pester their friends. Users should also be aware that by repeatedly sharing
For Mother's Day, Discuss Mom's Financial Future. I'm not trying to bring everyone down, but rather to suggest that perhaps your best Mother's Day gift this year might be to initiate a frank discussion with your mom about her personal finances and how she can better prepare for the future
Chase Liquid. Chase said earlier this year that customers who have less than $100,000 in deposits and investments were not helping the
200,000 Homeowners to Receive Principal Reduction Offer From Bank of America. As part of a $25 billion settlement agreement between the government and five major banks for fraudulent foreclosures, Bank of America agreed to $11 billion in mortgage principal reductions.
Resume Design. Click here for a closer look at the eye-tracking heat maps. \When sourcing on LinkedIn, they spend a huge amount of time
Wealthy Parents Increasingly Seeking Financial Aid For K-12 Education. Move over college students -- you're not the only ones seeking financial aid to pay for tuition. Despite rising tuition and
Tax Fraud. In the battle between the Internal Revenue Service and identity thieves, the thieves are winning. Have you been a victim
End Of Cash. The Fiscal Times
Credit Unions. Credit unions have seen a rise in membership as big banks have come under scrutiny for their never-ending profit-making measures
Bad News for Most Debt Collectors and Good News for Consumers. Even with new regulations, Massachusetts and the rest of the nation still have a long way to go before we see more common sense than common criminals in the ranks of debt collectors and their accomplices.
New York Property Taxes Unfair to Renters, New Evidence Shows. New Yorkers don't agree on much, but the 68 percent of us who rent our homes or apartments can usually find common cause on at least one issue
Did Tax Gripes Inspire Munch's 'The Scream'?. Edvard Munch\u2019s \u201cThe Scream\u201d recently sold for $120 million at an auction conducted by Sotheby\u2019s in New York. One of four
Haagen-Dazs Free Cone Day 2012 Is Today, May 8, From 4 To 8 p.m.. Check out the graphic below for the list of participating stores
Josh Crawford Has Not Had A Bank Account In More Than A Decade And Likes It That Way. To do that, he uses Visa prepaid cards, loaded up with values of $50 to $500, when he needs to make an online transaction
8 \Healthy\ Money Habits... That Aren't. Buying Cheap Stuff There's inexpensive... and then there's cheap. Buying something for almost nothing isn't necessarily a
New Paradigm of Permanent Part-time Employment. Paradigm part time employment is not much of a talking point yet, but it's a ticking political time bomb that can derail a second term for President Obama -- particularly in his quest to attain the student vote again.
American Airlines Cracks Down On Ultimate Frequent Flyers. There are frequent fliers, and then there are people like Steven Rothstein and Jacques Vroom. Both men bought tickets that
Invest Like a Billionaire. One of the best things you can do to build your own wealth is to copy the rich and develop an investment philosophy for yourself.
What Does \Out of the Box Thinking\ Really Mean?. Once we climb outside the box, all sorts of possible solutions emerge. We could be tons more innovative than we are, if we'd just acknowledge the fact that traditional American business isn't based on the idea of solving complex problems in clever ways.
College Grads Fight For Unpaid Internships With Full-Time Work Hard To Find. Confronting the worst job market in decades, many college graduates who expected to land paid jobs are turning to unpaid
Warren Buffett. OMAHA, Neb., May 5 (Reuters) - Warren Buffett on Saturday told Berkshire Hathaway Inc shareholders that he has not changed
Yes, The Health-Care Mandate Is About Liberty. Bloomberg View
Blatant Insider Commodity Trading Given Pass That Would Put Stock Traders in Handcuffs. Here we have this enormous dichotomy between insider trading in stocks and bonds, and commodities. The difference being, with commodity trading, most everyone is impacted.
The Cars Americans Will Not Buy. April car sales data are out, and they are not cause for celebration. Though sales are up 2% overall from last April, they
The Answer Isn't Socialism; It's Capitalism That Better Spreads the Benefits of the Productivity Revolution. We don't need socialism. We need a capitalism that works for the vast majority. The productivity revolution should be making our lives better -- not poorer and more insecure. And it will do that when we have the political will to spread its benefits.
European Elections Complicate Outlook. Europe's election results sound an alarm for European integration and, consequently, the wellbeing of both the region and the global economy. Let us hope that the inevitable short-term volatility is a precursor to a more decisive effort to deal with the continent's festering problems.
U.S. Unemployment Rate Continues to Fall as Discouraged Workers 'Disappear'. The real meaning of the April jobs number is that the participation of age-eligible Americans in the labor force -- both working and unemployed -- is at a 30 year low. How is that synonymous with an economic recovery?
Making More Jobs in Our Economy -- The Secret Sauce. The invisible hand that Adam Smith said would guide competitive economies to socially desirable outcomes seems to have lost several fingers.
Renting Prosperity. Across the board\u2014for goods ranging from cars to books to clothes\u2014Americans are increasingly acclimating to the idea of giving
The Incredible Shrinking Labor Force. If the same percentage of adults were in the workforce today as when Barack Obama took office, the unemployment rate would
Fannie Mae's Approval of Mortgage Principal Reductions Gets the Silent Treatment. Edward DeMarco, Acting Director of the FHFA, indicated that additional analysis would have to be performed to determine the long-term benefits of principal reductions.
Foreclosures Spell Financial Demise for Latino Middle Class. The crisis faced by Latino homeowners involves more than housing. With the majority of their wealth tied to their homes, foreclosed Latinos lose the equity needed for their future.
Safes Are Becoming A More Popular Commodity For Americans. In an era marked by financial turbulence, it's probably not surprising that safes have become a popular commodity, with some
5 Tips for Entrepreneurs Starting a Business. Linda Kempkin had a vision to help women entrepreneurs quickly secure a strong Internet presence for their new businesses. We thought it would be helpful to know what lessons she would share with readers who may be thinking about making the leap to entrepreneurship.
Payday Hound Comparison Site Points To Alleged Illegal Lender, Offshore Loans. The newly launched Payday Hound website advertises itself as offering \impartial and informed\ reviews, comparing the rates
Octomom Bankrupt. Nadya Suleman has made no secret of her financial troubles, which came to a head this week when the \u201cOctomom\u201d filed for bankruptcy
Your Story Is Your Brand. I nearly shouted. \Everyone says the same things -- savvy, strategic, seasoned, results-oriented, hard-charging, self-motivated, blah blah blah.  Adjectives aren't going to do it. You're going to have to tell your story.\
The 7 Money Mistakes Women Make More Than Men. Ever bailed out an ex? Indulged in a little more retail therapy than you meant to? We'll show you the top seven mistakes women make -- and what to do instead.
Brenda Salveson Stumbles Upon Meteorite Worth $20,000 In Local California Park. Scientists told CBS Local the meteorite could be 4 to 6 billion years old, dating back to the early formation of the solar
What Student Debt Looks and Feels Like From a Graduate's Perspective. I offer this screenshot as a small window into what student debt looks and feels like from the graduate's perspective. Just look at the \Amount Applied to Interest Column.\ Half a decade worth of payments later, I still owe over $1,000 more than the original amount I borrowed.
May Sales Offer Discounts On Hotels, Summer Wear (PHOTOS). April showers bring May shoppers. With the summer season just around the corner, some retailers are offering good prices
401k Advice. I work for a Fortune 500 company that matches my 401(k) contributions in company stock, which I can then re-allocate to other
Most Young Adults Receive Financial Help From Mom And Dad. It's clear that young adults need the help. One in two young college graduates are jobless or underemployed, and even the
Kentucky Derby 2012. Owning a thoroughbred outright often requires CEO-level income. The average sale price of a 2-year-old at a recent Ocala
Is 401(k) a Ticking Time Bomb?. 401(k) plan investments are a primary driver of the investment markets. They are also the reason that many people are pacing the floors at night, worrying if their retirement will get delayed or destroyed.
The Scream Auction. The world was abuzz Wednesday night with news that Edvard Munch's famous work of art, \The Scream,\ sold for $119.9 million
The Prepaid Debit Card Comes of Age. Debit cards have also sprouted in the wallets of young Americans. Unable to get credit cards until age 21, more Generation Y consumers rely on debit cards for routine money management.
Knowing Which Financial Records to Save, Toss. If the memory of hours spent hunting for and organizing paperwork for tax season is still fresh in your mind, maybe it's time to do some financial spring cleaning so preparing next year's taxes won't be such an ordeal.
Fifth Third Bank Charges Customer $300 In Overdraft Fees Without Notifying Him. He wrote that he did not receive any emails from Fifth Third about the overdrafts, though he had signed up for overdraft
The Best Credit Cards For Graduates. Is one credit card better than all the rest? Not quite. But some are better-suited for graduates. For example, cards that
Nicole Ferko Puts Off Plans To Become A Nun To Pay Off Student Loans. The top 1 percent of student borrowers owe more than $150,000 in loans, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York
Managers Who Think Highly Of Themselves More Likely To Discriminate. The obese are absent from work more often than people of healthy weight. The most obese men take 5.9 more sick days a year
Florida's C1 Bank Offering Mercedes-Benz Roadsters As Bank Account Signing Bonus. But closing accounts prematurely can affect a customer's credit in numerous ways, and if people close too early they can
Survey. In all, 56 percent of people said they want to build their score but don't know how to do it. In fact, the majority also said that they hadn't taken the time to order a copy of their credit report or credit score at any point in the past 12 months.
Is Your Spending Normal?. Do you like to compare your spending to a broader average? What are your favorite sources for comparing numbers? Do you worry when your spending on, say, housing is far greater than the norm? Or do you just figure different people have different priorities?
Get-Rich-Quick Scams. \A typical consumer can easily, quickly and 'magically' earn thousands of dollars per week simply by purchasing and using
The High Cost of the Fed's Low Rates. With the economic recovery still lagging, the intended rewards of the Federal Reserve's aggressive campaign to lower interest rates have yet to be realized. But the cost of that campaign to depositors can be counted, and it may have exceeded $200 billion in the last year alone.
Money Can Buy Happiness If You Spend It On Others, Michael Norton Says. \If you think money can't buy happiness, you're not spending it right,\ Norton said. \You should stop thinking about which
Two Cent Tip Left For Waitress With 'Just My 2 Cents' Note (PHOTO). \u201cI work in the corporate office of a major bank for a boss who represents everything wrong with the financial industry
Conair Mislabels Product, Causes Consumer To Have Allergic Reaction. In March, Cristina Nathan-McAlister, 39, paid a hair stylist $100 to weave her hair in tiny braids. Because she is allergic
Student Debt. The growth of student debt is stirring debate about whether the government should step in to ease the burden by rewriting
Calculating The Value Of A College Degree. By Lauren Young In fact, the difference in earnings between one major and another can be more than 300 percent, according
Retirement Planning Industry Pushes For Leniency On Fee Disclosure. The way the rules are written, it is unclear whether it is sufficient to just disclose the performance and fees of the funds
Madhavilatha Ravuri's $6,000 Income Tax Refund Discovered In The Trash. ABC30 subsequently tracked down Ravuri, who said she had been desperately awaiting the money. The check, made out to Ravuri
10 Things Your Hairdresser Won't Tell You. 3. \...except when we feel like negotiating.\ Some hairdressers will advertise a high price to make them look like they're
Chapter Twelve. Considering that Chapter 12 is best known as a chapter of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the authors may have wished for another chapter number. On the other hand, considering the gap between some claims and evidence, perhaps it is appropriate.
What Has Caused Record Inequality (and Greater Recessions)?. We can no longer tolerate such a diversion of wealth that has weakened our economic and social fabric so much that we have fallen behind the rest of the developed world in education, health care, aging infrastructure, and even environmental protection.
You Can't See the Future From the Man-Cave. The most successful companies -- both in terms of their culture and their ability to grow in the marketplace -- will be those that recognize the unprecedented and unstoppable power of women.\nCaves are places to hibernate. It's time to wake up.
Why Isn't The Recession's Pain Being Better Represented In Popular Culture?. We are now several years into what has been one of the deepest, most sustained, and catastrophic economic downturns in U.S
Goldman's Asset Management Approached As Possible Candidate For Bank Of England Governor. O'Neill, who coined the term 'BRIC' in 2001 to describe how the economic clout of Brazil, Russia, India and China would challenge
Paul Krugman. video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo player In the piece, he accused Bernanke of ignoring the economic advice
Foreclosed Homes Destroyed By Previous Owners (VIDEO). The Prudential American Group says on its site that homeowners who intentionally damage their homes after foreclosure could
International Labour Organization Report. * Warns of risk of social unrest in Africa, Middle East Labour market recovery has also stalled in Japan, the report said
America Needs More College Graduates In Order To Improve The Economy. When students arrive at community college, they encounter remedial programs that are often taught horribly by professors
FDIC Ends April 2012 Closing Five More Banks. Like a wave of tornadoes touching down, the FDIC struck across the country on Friday shuttering five banks from coast to coast.
It's Lonely at the Top -- Why Peer-to-Peer Networking for Financial Services CEOs Is Critical. Within the industry, the Tiburon CEO Summit has a certain \mystique\ about it. Where can a CEO turn for unbiased advice and camaraderie? Other top-shelf execs!
Maclaren USA Evades Court Investigation Of Its Puzzling Bankruptcy. Maclaren USA, the closely held stroller company that quietly declared bankruptcy in December two years after it was forced
Las Cruces, New Mexico, Threatens To Shut Off Public Utilities Unless Residents Pay Traffic Fines. CORRECTION
Felix Salmon. It worked! Kinda. I took Matthew Bishop's challenge, and tried to spend a gram of gold like I would any other currency. And
Can Your Roommate Ruin Your Credit?. Jim is careful to always pay his bills on time, keep his credit balances low and has a pretty good credit score.\u00a0 Rick, his roommate, is quite the opposite.
Will Student Loan Default Cause the Next Recession?. With the costs of higher education high and rising, it's important for families to start planning for college early. Yet most people don't know the pitfalls to traditional college savings plans.
Why You Should Have A Say In Airline Mergers. Every time a company goes through bankruptcy court or gets involved in merger talks, it's disappointing to see who does not
World's Longest Invoice. Freelancers have long been the envy of cubicle-trapped office workers. From the flexible hours to escaping mundane office
The Highest Tax Burdens In The World. In addition, more than three-quarters of OECD countries saw a rise in their income tax rates in 2011 from the year before
Citizens Bank Settles Overdraft Fee Lawsuit For $137.5 Million. The practice of reordering transactions was a major way for banks to charge customers additional overdraft fees -- typically
Bank Prepaid Cards. Let me know what you think. Imagine Gail, a 30-year-old mother of two school-age children. Gail is on ChexSystems and has
Costco Offers Mortgages To Homebuyers. Costco wants to be your one-stop shop for everything you need in life, from groceries and cell phones to diamond rings and
Here's Why Half Of Americans Don't Pay Income Tax. NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- It's a provocative fact about the tax code
Kate Gosselin Loves Clipping Coupons. What can a mother of eight teach us about saving? A whole lot. You might recognize Kate Gosselin from her former reality
Nine Bizarre Ways To Know The Economy's On The Upswing (PHOTOS). If the idea of economic growth makes you fall asleep, wake up! There are a number of other ways to tell the economy is on
Ask the Readers. When two people fall in love, the meshing of these differences can be both fun and frustrating, especially when it comes to personal finance. Here are a few ways to be sure that both partners are on the same page.
4 Steps to Take If You Are a Victim of Identity Theft. What do you own that's more valuable than money and more precious than jewels, but can't be locked up in a safe? Your identity. And thieves will do anything to take it.
KeyBank Agrees To Forgive Student Loans Of Christopher Bryski, Dead Rutgers Student [UPDATE]. Families wondering how to deal with the student debt of a deceased relative should contact the bank -- as opposed to the
Consumer Confidence Down On Weak Job Market. Consumers felt better about price increases with expectations for inflation in the coming 12 months easing to 5.8 percent
Youth Baseball Costs Soar On And Off The Field. But parents can combat the urge to keep up with the Joneses by playing smart, MSNBC wrote. Buy barely-used equipment for
More Americans Can Afford Food, Medicine. In another sign that the economy is recovering, Americans' access to basic goods and services is improving, according to
Housing Market Rebound Not Likely To Happen In Our Lifetimes. The S&P/Case-Shiller composite index of 20 metropolitan areas gained 0.2 percent in February on a seasonally adjusted basis
College Financial Aid Letters Deceive Prospective Students. The Education Department is attempting to make this process clearer and aims to release a model financial aid letter by September
TSA Keeps The Spare Change You Leave Behind At Airport Security. Travelers also left behind $14,048.71 in spare change at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport
How To Avoid A Debt Collector Nightmare. Debt collectors calling? You have rights. -- The debt collector must tell you -- within five days of initial contact -- the
Make Every Month Financial Literacy Month. The recent economic downturn caused many individuals to realize the need to increase their level of financial literacy so that they can make sound financial decisions in the future. Financial literacy can be achieved if you take the initiative to learn and plan wisely.
Abraham Lincoln's Opera Glasses Up For Auction. \Lincoln used literature and the theater as a means of escape from the daunting demands of the presidency. The glasses are
Craigslist Scams. The key to avoiding these cons is to be a defensive online shopper. In July, Jamie O'Leary lost $1,500 when she fell for
Teaching Children the Value of a Dollar in a Debt-Filled World. But we all have heard the stories -- or perhaps you have one of our own -- of a parent opening up a credit card bill to find hundreds of dollars in charges from iTunes or Amazon. So how do we, as parents, start to instill good financial values in children?
Why The Euro Isn't Worth Saving. Pop quiz, hotshot. You're the prime minister of Spain. It's 2005. Unemployment is at a two-decades low. Housing prices are
The Ten Most (And Least) Affordable Cities To Buy A Home. After years of weak housing markets, home sellers are hopeful that this spring\u2019s home-buying season will finally lift prices
Infosys Controversy. Jack Palmer, a company employee, has reportedly accused Infosys of misusing the B1 visas to send employees from India to
Being a Good Financial Role Model. As a member of the President's Advisory Council on Financial Capability, I spend a lot of time urging parents to talk to their kids about money. This month I'm going to tell you to do the opposite
Eight Products The Facebook Generation Will Not Buy. 24/7 Wall St.
In Economists We Trust. Economists don't really like presents. They think they are irrational. No gift giver can know what another person wants most
Warren Buffett Cancer Treatment Shows Challenges In Health Care Cost-Cutting. A lot of the waste in the health care system comes when a physician orders diagnostic tests that aren't appropriate for the
INET Video Series. It's clear that financial crises and the volatility created by the instabilities of finance in recent years are an organic and harmful element of our social system.
Too Bigger To Fail. Two years after President Barack Obama vowed to eliminate the danger of financial institutions that are too big to fail, the
Explaining The Tax Code's Unfairness. Like most Americans (though not Mitt Romney, who got an extension), I filed my 2011 tax returns this week and paid my five
Tax Cheats. Is a tax sin haunting you? Maybe you paid a baby sitter under the table, or \forgot\ to declare income, or deducted personal
Food Fraud. Because they're ingested, fraudulent foods carry more significant health concerns than other fakes. Consumers with allergies
Burt's Bees, Tom's Of Maine Owned By Fortune 500 Companies. If you've recently traded in your Colgate toothpaste for a tube of Tom's of Maine in an effort to be more environmentally
FCC To Combat 'Bill Shock' By Making Wireless Fees More Transparent. In agreeing to honor the code, the carriers have committed to provide two alerts to subscribers when they are about to incur
Unbanking America. With the explosion of devices equipped with encrypted technology, it should be only a short period of time before both paper currency and the rest of coins in circulation go the way of the Canadian penny.
Jean Chatzky's Three Favorite \Money Rules\. Jean Chatzky, author of Money Rules
Should I Go Back to Grad School?. When it comes down to it, the decision to pursue further education lends itself quite nicely to the same thing we rely on to help us make other expensive decisions
Unbanked. There is a huge disparity between rich countries and the rest of the world when it comes to unbanked populations. Nine out
Prepaid Cards Double As Student IDs On College Campuses. More Americans also are relying less on cash. 43 percent of Americans have gone a week without using cash, according to a
Behind The Scenes At An American Express Call Center. FORTUNE -- Call-center customer service has become a finely honed discipline, but usually it seems honed to cut time
Roaming Charges. Earlier this year, a Canadian family was greeted with a mobile bill for over $10,000 after a vacation in Arizona. The culprit
3 Steps to Preparing for an Emergency. While there are only so many risk factors you can control, it doesn't mean you can't, or shouldn't, plan for the unexpected. Here are three steps you could take to help you prepare for an emergency.
Want an FHA Loan? Resolve Bad Debts First. The Federal Housing Administration (FHA) recently announced a policy change in how they will treat mortgage loan applications for those whose credit histories contain unpaid collection accounts.
Money Improves Quality Of Life, Up To A Certain Point. Just one-quarter of Americans making less than $50,000 per year call themselves \very happy,\ in contrast to 34 percent of
Ask the Readers. What I really want to know is how you use credit cards. Which credit card(s) do you use? Why do you use it? How, when, and where do you use it? Do you have personal rules for credit card use? Have you ever been in credit card debt? How do you steer clear of that now?
Catch Up on Retirement Savings in 5 Simple Steps. Reaching a retirement goal on time requires aggressive saving, maximizing tax advantages, lowering your expenses and keeping a diversified investment portfolio. As the old Chinese proverb says, \The best time to plant an oak tree was 20 years ago, and the next best time is today.\
Merle Butler, Illinois Mega Millions Winner, Claims Jackpot Share. By Bruce Olson \I was retired but now it looks like I have a new full-time job,\ said Merle Butler, referring to the task
Earned Income Tax Credit 2011. Figueroa's 2010 tax debacle cost her a monthly rent subsidy she had been receiving. Her niece also receives Social Security
Big Changes Ahead for 2013 Tax Season!. With the tax deadline now here, many Americans are enjoying their tax refunds, putting them to use to pay bills, buy something special or add those dollars to their savings. That's the good news. The bad news? Well, this moment of elation may be short-lived.
4 Steps to Follow When Your Credit Card Is Compromised. Given a \third party\ lost my PCI data, and caused a cascade of events and expenses for others, that there had to be an equitable way to pass through the cost and expenses to the party responsible for the events.
Gas Stations Are Paying Less, So Why Aren't You?. \Absolutely this is a problem across the board,\ said Wexler, who added that her association is now focusing on gas retailers
7 Kinds of Smart You Need to Look for When Hiring. It's easy to be imprecise about what kind of \smart\ we are looking for when hiring. Asking, \is someone smart\ is a simple way to screen a candidate. Just be sure that you're not going from being simple to being simplistic. Know what you need and where you need it.
Twilight of the Seniors. This last weekend was the premiere of the documentary film Last Will and Embezzlement, a chilling account of how the senior population in this country is being vampirized.
Generation Lost. Still, the millennials are not the first generation to come of age in hard times. For example, the recession of the early
Health Care Reform. A minority of big companies offered extra pay to workers who waived their health benefits last year. This practice, which
Tax Deadline 2012. But it's common for them, as a professional hazard, to approach the task of their own taxes with the zeal of archers trying
Tax Deadline 2012. If you still haven't filed your taxes, don't spend too much time looking at this graphic. And if you don't think you'll be
Palm Reading Technology Could Improve Bank Security. For 2012, that means using palm technology to verify identities at an automated teller machine and not a mystical, soothsaying
'Deceased' Woman Is Not Dead, But Her Chances Of Getting Credit Are. WHDH-TV 7News found two people that also were declared dead by mistake. Some younger people also get declared dead by mistake
When To Buy A Plane Ticket. WHEN is the best time to book that flight? It's one of the most fraught decisions travelers face, as ticket prices often
Keeping Up With the Romneys. A bulging bank account does not brand someone as a bad seed. There are plenty of kind, giving millionaires and plenty of cruel, greedy 99% grouches in the world. The real problem with the Romneys isn't their money. It's that they can't relate.
Missing the Greater Good. Even the conservator of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac now says mortgage write-downs may make economic sense for the two housing finance giants. All of which begs the question
Tax Day Freebies 2012. Now that most of us have filed our tax returns to Uncle Sam, it's finally time to celebrate the end of tax season. The following
Family Bonding at Tax Time. I have to admit that I'm sad to see another tax season come to a close. I'm not saying I love paying taxes, but I am saying that I love doing taxes.
What the Return of Market Volatility Tells Us. The renewed volatility in stocks last week was due to conflicting signs of additional central bank liquidity support, both in Europe and the US.
Timothy Geithner. WASHINGTON, April 15 (Reuters) - A proposal to impose at least 30 percent income tax on Americans making more than a million
Growing Number Of Muslims On Wall Street Are Bridging Two Worlds. NAIEL IQBAL\u2019S co-workers couldn\u2019t figure him out. Ms. Jukaku, a former analyst at Goldman Sachs, prayed in her Manhattan
Timothy Geithner. WASHINGTON, April 15 (Reuters) - The U.S. economy is in a better position to deal with high gasoline prices, Treasury Secretary
The Most Damaged Brands In America. Highly recognizable brands can be invaluable, but they require constant attention. Their value can rise or fall because of
The Hardest-Working Towns In America. Turns out cities across the country are home to employees that work hard in a variety of ways such as working long hours
How to Hit a Home Run on Your Collections Debt. If you have credit problems and you're facing those annoying calls by collections agents, here's how you can hit a home run to clear those accounts off of your credit report and improve your credit score.
Obama Stresses 'Great Promise' Of Business Growth In Americas. On his way to Colombia on Friday, Obama gave a speech at a shipping port in Tampa, Florida, on the ways U.S. businesses and
Why Executives Need To Be Prosecuted For Corporate Crime. BP held its annual meeting on Thursday, and, all things considered, the company\u2019s shareholders had much to be happy about
Eliot Spitzer. \When it has come to actually putting in place the reform-based structure that would actually have changed the way the banking
California's Coastal Recovery Leaves The Landlocked Behind. SAN BERNARDINO, Calif. \u2014 For decades, California has been seen nationally and by its own residents as a state divided into
Wall Street More Expensive, No More Efficient Today Than A Century Ago. What's more, the financial services sector is now bigger than it was before the financial crisis. Wall Street accounts for
The 10 States Taxing The Poor Most. 24/7 Wall St. identified 10 states that tax two-parent families of four living at the poverty line at the highest rate, based
Tax Refunds Delayed By Rising Identity Theft. \It's my money. I need a new roof,\ he said in a phone interview. \It's unnerving knowing that somebody is taking a piece
Still Haven't Filed? Last-Minute Tips to Meet the Tax Filing Deadline. With this year's deadline on April 17, 2012, last-minute tax filers have two extra days to submit their 2011 tax returns. If you are filing in these final days, keeping the following tips in mind may make the process easier and may help you avoid making some common mistakes.
Tax Day. Late tax filers will be charged 0.5 percent of unpaid taxes per month, plus interest, which is currently 3 percent per year
How To File A Tax Extension. More last-minute tips for last-minute filers
Stop Procrastinating. If you're like me, and putting off finishing your taxes until the last minute, you can at least be thankful that we have until April 17th this year to file.  I turned to Lisa Greene-Lewis, a CPA and the Turbotax Blog Manager, for advice.
Your Phone Can Do Your Taxes. If you still haven't done your taxes -- even with the extended April 17 deadline, even though your taxes are pretty simple (no kids, no real estate, no investment income) -- it's time to go mobile.
Filing a Tax Extension. You must file a tax extension on or before the regular tax deadline. Normally, tax returns and extensions are due on April 15 (remember that in 2012 we have an extra two days).
Unclaimed Tax Refunds. Think again. Even though you may not owe the IRS anything this year, the IRS may owe you. And you're not going to see one
Why Wanting to Be Rich Is a Form of Mental Illness. As the wealth divide gets wider, those less fortunate want what the rich have.
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Backs Down In Fight To Limit Credit Card Fees. Currently, federal law states that in the first year of an account, credit card companies cannot charge fees that exceed
From Under the Mattress and into the Bank. A growing chorus of voices is calling for a shift away from cash-based economies in the developing world.
Least Affordable Housing Is In Mumbai. Bloomberg used data from a housing index by international property consultancy Knight Frank LLP and measured it against national
5 Common Tax Filing Mistakes to Avoid. With an understanding of some common mistakes and the steps you can take to try to avoid them, tax time can be less stressful.
Tax Tips For Last-Minute Filers (Graphic). Taxes are due on Tuesday, April 17. Yikes! That's less than a week away. Don't spend too much time getting distracted by
Banks Offer Super Rich Wealth Counseling Services. Maybe money can buy happiness--if your bank comes with a therapist. The unhappy Scrooge McDucks of the world no longer have
The Fastest Way to Increase Your Credit Score. While your payment history ranks as the most important piece of your credit score, it can take months or even years to dramatically improve it. Looking for a quicker fix? Focus on what's known as your credit utilization rate.
Prepaid Cards Rise In Popularity As More Americans Are Shut Out From Traditional Banks. Increasingly shut out of traditional bank accounts, more Americans are turning to prepaid debit cards often notorious for
How You Can Better Influence People. Human needs psychology provides an answer to the elusive question, \Why do human beings do the things they do?\ So how can you use human needs psychology?
Student Loan Debt. Did you know that the money you're spending on student loans could have bought 240 iPods? The cost of student loans is so
A Philosophy of Failure. Though I've been reading and writing about money for six years now, I still do stupid things sometimes. Last week I made another relatively un-interesting mistake, but one that's educational at the same time.
How Does a Career Change Affect My Taxes?. Have you made a job transition in the past year? Keep reading to learn some of the ways your recent change could affect your taxes.
Tax Day Is Less Than A Week Away. Tax Day is less than a week away, which means if you still haven't filed your income tax forms, it's crunch time! But don't
How Do I Smell? Use Twitter to Survey Customer Wants. When she decided to develop a perfume, Kim Kardashian didn't guess what her almost eight-million Twitter followers wanted; she asked them.
How to Avoid Burnout by Frequently Rewarding Yourself. Rewards refuel you and really are one of the key engines of productivity and non-perfectionism.
Distinguishing Between a Calling and Workaholism. Spend a day and maybe an evening watching someone intensely dedicated to their work and it's hard to distinguish between whether the person is exhibiting the symptoms of workaholism or whether they're just living their calling.
$1 Billion in Untapped Savings! How You Can Cash in This Tax Season. Top Ten List of ways to save on taxes that you may not have taken advantage of before.
The Things We Do for... Rent Money. Most of us have fantasized about winning the lotto or creating the next Angry Birds or Pet Rock so we can dump a Louis Vuitton bag of cash on the lawn of Sallie Mae headquarters and pay off our student loans, then set sail on a yacht to celebrate.
How Can Wealthy Families Teach Their Children to Live Frugally?. We are fairly well off after a few good opportunities in Silicon Valley. \u00a0But if you met us, you would never know it since
$1 Gas. The last time gas was around $1.01 was in 1998, according to the U.S. Department of Energy, when it was sold for $1.03 per
Maryland Mega Millions Winners Are Three Public School Workers. Two other winners of the $656 million jackpot are from Kansas and Illinois. The Kansas winner has chosen to remain anonymous
Seniors Mean Business on Facebook. If AARP, which has more than 10 percent of the U.S. population on its rolls, hasn't yet figured out how to capture seniors on the most pervasive social media site, then we all have a long way to go.
Insurance Company Ordered to Pay $34 Million For Kicking 90-Year-Old Arlene Hull Off Plan. Clarification
JPMorgan Chase Pulls Out Of Student Loan Market. O'Halloran declined to comment to The Huffington Post about JPMorgan's share of the student loan market or how much money
Owe Taxes? How To Avoid The Late-Payment Penalty. The IRS does offer a few hardship breaks for cash-poor filers. The big one in effect this year is called Fresh Start, and
Few Americans Are Confident In Their Ability To Retire. Just 14 percent of Americans say they are very confident in their ability to retire comfortably. That's near the record low
Retirements Survey Finds Many Tripping Over Financial Hurdles. Retirement confidence has taken a beating in recent years. One of the root causes suggested by the survey results is that the difficulty of meeting short-term goals might be so great that people never get around to focusing on long-term goals.
How to Un-Blind a Blind Job Ad. You know those things -- they're the job ads that say \A growing organization in the northern suburbs seeks a yada yada something or other.\ The job ad tells you what the employer is looking for, but it doesn't tell you which employer it is.
5 Steps to Make Your Relationship Financially Happy. Money is the leading cause of marital and relationship troubles. Neglecting to take the time to hash out issues can potentially ruin relationships. But you can improve your financial intimacy. Here are five tips to do just that.
DirecTV Puts Man Through Hell Just To Get His Satellite TV Installed. That was the only thing that went according to plan. Soto, a 27-year-old mechanic who lives in West Covina, Calif., went
Why It's Gotten Harder For You To Fight The Tax Man. Micah Andrews opened his first notice from the IRS a week before Christmas in 2010. He was standing in the kitchen of the
Shopping for the Sake of Shopping. As a younger man, I spent to feel better about myself. I spent to keep up with my friends. I spent to have the things I felt that I deserved. Now good habits are ingrained -- I find it difficult to go shopping, even when I need to.
Inheritance Advice. Chelsea Logan was a month and a half away from her 21st birthday when her father died suddenly from a heart attack. As her
The New York Times Sheds a Tear for Wall Street Paydays. If timing is everything, than the timing of Mr. Sorkin's article becomes ever so curious coming just one week after the publication of these humungous sums. There he was, as so often before, trying to steer our focus from the excesses of Wall Street's \Big Money\ parade.
When Did They Forbid Love?. It is what makes the Internet human in peoples' eyes. It is what makes HuffPost a community, a family. It is what, for today's teenagers, makes life before the mobile Internet, before Instant Messenger, Google, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and so many others, inconceivable.
AT&T Employees Continue To Work Despite Expired Labor Deal. The last time AT&T faced a big strike was in 2004 when 100,000 workers walked out for four days on the company, which was
U.S. Bank Executives Face Great Expectations From Investors. At the least, Bingaman said, he wants to see the banks report that their lending margins have stopped contracting. Net interest
America's Favorite Chocolate Brands. Americans love chocolate. Apparently, Easter Week is one of the most popular times of the year to indulge. Nearly 71 million
Welfare Limits Left Poor Adrift As Recession Hit. PHOENIX -- Perhaps no law in the past generation has drawn more praise than the drive to \end welfare as we know it,\ which
Obama Stands A Chance At Ending First Term As Job Creator. NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- The countdown is on. With just a few more positive job reports, President Obama could stand a chance
Public Sector Layoffs Continue Despite Economy's Signs Of Life. State and local governments for a time were able to shield public safety and education workforces from harmful cuts as the
How Not To Break Up With A Credit Card. Like Suze Orman says, for some people having a credit card handy is like having an open bottle of booze for an alcoholic. You just can't leave it alone. I like to think I have more self-restraint than Lindsay Lohan at an open bar, but could I trust myself with an extra credit card?
Gap's Colorful Jeans Propel Spring Turnaround. Janet Kloppenburg, an analyst at JKK Research, said Gap\u2019s colored jeans and its transformation came sooner than she expected
Economists. As most Americans basked in the warmest, sunniest March in half a century, economists stared at the skies with dread
Fiscal Affairs. James Stewart at the New York Times has doubled down on his infatuation with Paul Ryan. Ryan's budget, he says, is a viable centrist starting point for budget negotiations, and attacks from \left and right\ are mere \partisan rhetoric.\
Bank Of America Refunds John McDevitt, Veteran, Money From Debit Card Fraud Claim. After nearly two years of disputes with Bank of America, Afghanistan war veteran, John McDevitt will be refunded $25,000
Ann Romney Wouldn't Find Free-Market Health Care Without Mitt Romney's Millions. Gaeckle tried a drug called Copaxone a few years ago but the side effects and the $2,600 monthly cost of the medicine, which
Car Prices Jump $2,000, As Hagglers Lose Leverage. \u201cFor generations, the automobile has typified freedom,\u2019\u2019 said Gloria Bergquist, vice president of the Alliance of Automobile
Mirlande Wilson, McDonald's Worker, 'Loses' Mega Millions Ticket. Maryland Lottery officials held a press conference Thursday to address the rumors over whether the jackpot had been claimed
Wang Caiping Sentenced To Death In China For $16 Million Investor Scam. Xinhua said Wang borrowed the money between January and October 2010 promising to buy equipment, invest in property and open
Webster Bank Charges Elderly Woman $2,500 In Fees After Bouncing 70 Checks. \We are in the process of adopting changes that will enable us to identify instances of high numbers of overdrafts so that
TaxKilla. Powers and Buddemeyer consulted with a lawyer before launching the site who told them TaxKilla wasn't providing any new information
InComm, Blackhawk Network, Gift Card Makers, Follow AmEx Exit From New Jersey. \We have hundreds of card partners and dozens of platforms [for card processors],\ Brooks Smith, president and CEO of InComm
Student Loan Debit Card Encourages Indebted Graduates To Shop. Consumer advocates say the idea of spending to save on student loans doesn't make sense. \They're using the flashy reward
Scott Zane, Scammed By Hope For Car Owners, Tells His Story. While looking online for help with his car loan, Zane had discovered Hope for Car Owners. For an up-front fee of $399, Hope
Resume Tip. Even at a time when we're including photos in our LinkedIn profiles, using a headshot for a job application is still a pretty
What Is That Job Ad Trying to Tell You?. Here's my list of five red flags most often seen in job ads -- the five clues that the employer behind the ad may not be as talent-aware as we could hope for.
There's Money in Your Home Office! Here's How to Find It!. If you're an entrepreneur or small business owner you are most likely working out of your home. Your home office can be a much-needed tax deduction.
Are Finances Taxing Your Relationship?. Regardless of who brings home the bacon, having \the talk\ on a regular basis is critical -- especially when it comes to planning major purchases and saving for retirement.
FTC Charges Two California Companies In Auto Loan Scam. For more information on fraudulent car loan scams and suggestions about how to negotiate with your lender if you are struggling
How Does Becoming a Parent and Caring for Family Affect My Taxes?. If you're a sandwich-generation taxpayer -- meaning you're responsible for caring for your parents while managing your own household and children -- you may be able to claim the $3,700 dependent exemption in 2011 for supporting your qualifying relatives, including your parents and grown children.
Renting A Home Costs 15 Percent More Than Buying One. As contradictory as that may sound, renting cost 15 percent more than owning a home at the end of 2011, according to research
3 Tax Mistakes Retirees Can't Afford to Make. So what's the pitfall? Many retirees aren't informed about the MRD, which ends up costing them 50 percent of the withdrawal each year they miss it. Be sure to understand how your financial institution is calculating your distribution.
Mirlande Wilson, Alleged Mega Millions Winner, Claims Ticket Is Hidden In McDonald's. But when pressed for details by reporters, Wilson changed her story and said that a coworker purchased the tickets on her
Financial Advisers Reinforced Harmful Investor Behavior. The first study, originally released as a working paper in 2010, was based on 284 client meetings in 2008 with retail financial
Six Financial Lessons From Say Yes to the Dress. To be fair, the whole show is not completely without merit. After a few episodes I started to see how the process of choosing 'the right' dress can be a metaphor for making any emotionally-charged financial decision.
\4% Rule\ Serves as Guideline for Today's Retirees, But Use With Caution. An estimated 10,000 baby boomers turn age 65 each day. Many of them have a significant portion of their retirement savings invested in non-guaranteed defined contribution plans such as 401(k)s and IRAs. As they retire, they will need to switch from saving to spending down.
10 Biggest Money Misconceptions. Help yourself out so you are in a position to help someone else out.
Tax Day. More than half of the 25 largest U.S. metropolitan areas earned a \C\ or worse when graded on organizational skills, according
401k Withdrawals More Common Among Minorities During Economic Downturn. One alternative to cashing out or withdrawing from a 401(k) is to take out a loan from a company retirement account and repay
5 Tax Audit Myths Debunked. Getting audited by the IRS is one of the biggest fears for taxpayers. But what is the likelihood that you will be audited? And what are common audit triggers?
Buying A Car Is No Longer A Priority For Twenty-Somethings. In an age of smartphones, iPads and other high-tech diversions, young drivers are just not that into cars anymore, as the
Apps Give Carpooling A New Twist, With Same Old Headaches. Elliot Martin saves $4,500 a year by ridesharing to work at the University of California, Berkeley. The dozen or so members
At Colonel Kirk's Grocery Auction, Bargain Hunters Score Deals And Snub Sell-By Dates (PHOTOS). \Sometimes you spend more than you wanted,\ said Kittle, eyeing a huge hunk of plastic-wrapped ham. \With it not being expensive
Advanced Credit. Every time you pull out your wallet to buy something, every time you get a bill in the mail, every time you ask for a loan, you are making a credit decision and there will always be a trade-off.
How Filing a Tax Return Reduces Identity Theft. Be cautious and vigilant when it comes to providing any personal information, such as your social security number, bank or credit account numbers over the phone or via e-mail, and avoid carrying your social security card in your wallet.
Thousands of UCLA Students Receive Financial Aid They Have to Return. The tuition increases have forced students to take on more debt to finance their education. In 2010, Two-thirds of college
Starbucks 'Google Offers' Deal. Check out CBS' interview with Schultz' about the fund below
To Invest Like Warren Buffett, Learn How to Sell. If you want to learn how to invest like Warren Buffett, you've got to learn how to sell investments effectively. Selling in this case can mean selling to take a profit or selling to take a loss to free up the cash and to emotionally move on.
Mega Millions Lottery. I wrote a book called Son of a Son of a Gambler
The Government Made Me Buy a Catalytic Converter and Pay the Wages of Food Inspectors!. The federal government forces me to spend money in order to use a product/service to redress a market imperfection. As the result of these mandates, I get safer food, a cleaner environment, and more affordable healthcare.
The $83,000 Finger. Think you're covered when it comes to your medical bills because you have good health insurance? Don't be so sure.
ARMed and Dangerous. While many in the media have blamed the failures on reckless borrowers, the real driver of the crisis is lawless banks offering \bait-and-switch\ adjustable rate mortgages.
Answering the Question \What's Your Greatest Weakness?\. Isn't all that the point of a job interview -- to get past the surface, far past what a resume would tell us? If so, why are we still wasting time with mindless, insulting interview questions?
Mirlande Wilson, McDonald's Worker, Claims Mega Millions Winning Ticket Was Not Paid For By Co-Workers. Americo Lopes, a New Jersey resident and winner of a $38.5 million lottery jackpot, was sued by five co-workers who accused
Student Loan Initiative. The fact that alumni are funding some of his loans does not increase pressure to repay them, Kessler said. \I feel the same
Free Tax Filing. If you're not going to be able to make the April 17 deadline, be sure to file for an extension to avoid paying late penalties
Paycento Uses Facebook, Twitter Login To Make Online Payments. The Internet poses an increasingly urgent problem for newspaper publishers who want to make money from the articles they
A Time Bomb of a Tax Code. If Congress and the president do nothing about our tax system between now and the end of the year, here are just a few things in the tax law that will blow up.
You Can't Always Get What You Want... and That Sucks. I miss that me who casually bought $32 bottles of imported olive oil to drizzle on $7 a loaf focaccia from Whole Foods. Now I'm trying to convince myself even margarine tastes better when it sits on a Ritz.
Student Loan Debt. It's not just twenty-somethings that are carrying the weight of the student loan debt crisis. Many seniors are barely getting
See You at the Bottom. Investing is a voluntary activity, and it is our decision as investors, even part-timers, how much we choose to understand the products we trade. The information is generally out there, and if it's not, we can choose to pass.
Bitcoin. The trader, who was not willing to be named, said he spent four hours a day on Bitcoin, describing it as his second job. He
As the World Turns. SAG-AFTRA, one union, now stands where once there were a separate Screen Actors Guild  and the American Federation of Television and Radio Actors. The labor movement is far from dead.
10 States Where Green Jobs Thrive. Although the states with the greatest numbers of green jobs relative to total employment vary in many ways, they share several
Financiers and Sex Trafficking. THE biggest forum for sex trafficking of under-age girls in the United States appears to be a Web site called Backpage.com
Volcker Rule Would Cause Irreparable Damage to the Muppets -- and Much More Broadly. If the Volcker Rule is implemented as planned, that would have a major negative effect on the bond yields paid by the Muppets and other leading providers of children's entertainment. No one else will ever trade these bonds to any significant degree.
College Seniors Finding Jobs More Easily As Companies Step Up Hiring. ----------------------------------------------------------- BACKLOG FROM PAST YEARS, INTERNS SOAR College graduates' earnings
How A Financial Products Agency Could Protect Investors And The Economy. The Food and Drug Administration vets new drugs before they reach the market. But imagine if there were a Wall Street version
Mega Millions Winning Numbers, March 30, 2012. Take a deep breath. As stated by the official website for Mega Millions, if no one wins the jackpot, the money will be added
Tax Deduction Paradise! Don't Overlook These 8 Tips. Whether you are filing an EZ form, fighting an IRS penalty, undergoing an audit or just beating the April 17, 2012 deadline, these tips will help you put your best leg forward on the path to financial freedom.
Recession Pushes Municipalities To The Brink In What Is 'Truly A New Era'. PHILADELPHIA -- Amid all the sobering discussions of what happens when cities run out of money, fiscal sleight of hand and
Diamond Jubilee Whiskey On Sale In Singapore For Nearly $200,000. The same package - the vintage whisky in a crystal decanter with silver trimmings, two crystal glasses and a leather-bound
Bank Closure in Dearborn. The fatal combination of being on the outs with Wall Street and the atrophy of the size of the business proved insurmountable and culminated in today's failure.
St. Petersburg Police Headquarters Plan Scrapped, 'Peculiar Smelling' CSI Lab Lives On. \People love tax cuts, and the property tax among taxes is the tax people love to hate,\ said Reshchovsky. \But they also
The 11 CEOs That Employees Love Most. A prime example may be Goldman Sachs' CEO Lloyd Blankfein. The Wall Street bank was the target of criticism even before it
Foreclosures Down, but Not for Long. Experts are projecting future increases in foreclosures and repossessions as the banks align their practices with the terms
Canada Kills The Penny As Americans Advocate For Similar End. \[Pennies] take up for too much time for small business trying to grow and create jobs,\ he said in his budget speech, according
Mega Millions Lottery. But some lottery players have more modest aims. \If I win, I'll quit my job and take care of the basic necessities, which
Mega Millions Twitter Reactions (SLIDESHOW). Twitter is mega excited about Mega Millions. With the jackpot up to a staggering $640 million, thousands are tweeting about
Mega Millions Lottery Could Make You More Likely To Go Bankrupt. The researchers, led by Mark Hoekstra of the University of Pittsburgh, found that five years down the line, there were almost
Mega Millions Odds. May the Mega Millions odds be ever in my favor. \Just buy a ticket, sit back and see if fate points a finger at you for that
Mega Millions Numbers To Be Revealed Tonight, March 30 (INFO). To see the winning numbers revealed live, you should seek out your local television affiliate broadcasting the drawing. Check
March Madness. This year Duke and Missouri were the culprits for obliterating my brackets. So in the spirit of March Madness, I thought I would share a few lesser known tips for keeping your credit score from looking like this year's busted brackets.
7 Final Lies About Credit Scores That Can Cost You. Federal law allows government agencies and businesses that have a legitimate need for your credit information to access your credit report before doing business with you or after you become a customer -- even without your permission.
Warren Buffett Got His Start With Only $9,800. Take it from the world's greatest investor, Warren Buffett, you don't need much money to get rich. A slew of new websites
Mark Zuckerberg And The Problem With Kids These Days. There was a time when wealth creation used to be incremental. You started a private company, or took over the family business
Let's Just Replace Social Security With Mega Millions. I know the odds of winning the $500 million jackpot in this Friday night's Mega Millions lottery are longer than Milton Berle's
A Financial To-Do List for the Recently Widowed. Although there are certain actions you must take right away to ensure your current financial security, several major decisions with long-term consequences should probably be postponed until you've had a chance to reflect on how -- and where -- you want to spend the rest of your life.
College Degree Is Cheaper Than The Cost Of Dropping Out. Someone with a college degree is likely making a lot more than that. The average college graduate of the class of 2011 is
7 More Credit Score Lies That Cost You Money. What you don't know about credit can hurt your personal finances on many levels. So here are seven more lies about credit scores that you should never fall for.
NerdWallet. \By answering up to 10 simple questions, NerdWallet identifies the checking account with the lowest fees by matching your
What 5th-8th Graders Need to Know About Money. It's always a treat to speak at schools, where I can connect with children I don't know and who haven't been inundated with my money mania. Here are the five money lessons every kid from 5th to 8th grade should know.
The Problem Is Health Insurance, Not Obamacare, For Some. The day Bunce bought her individual insurance policy in 2005, the agent looked at the weight listed on her driver license
What Is a Roth IRA? A Short and Simple Guide. Even if you don't have a retirement plan through your job, you can still save for the future. One of the best ways to do so is through a Roth IRA.
Despite Really Nasty Financial Crisis, Teaching Kids About Money Not A Priority. After surveying nearly 16,000 college students, researchers concluded that students from states that required a financial
Health Care Reform. On top of this, young Americans are seeing their spending power diminish, since they often do not have the skills or experience
Are We There Yet? Trulia's Housing Barometer. On the long road of housing recovery, we're all kids in the back seat wondering
Health Care Reform. (The author is a Reuters columnist. The opinions expressed are his own.) By Mark Miller CHICAGO, March 28 (Reuters) - Ordinary
Wealth Inequality and Women of Color. Black History Month and Women's History Month are often viewed as separate entities. But black women and other women of color know that their economic circumstances are affected by being both a person of color and a woman.
Gen-X/Gen-Y Wealth Is Coming to Wall Street -- Financial Services Needs to \Catch the Wave\. The differentiators and qualities displayed by Gen-X and Gen-Y need to be well-understood and addressed to attract the the next wave of wealth.
Giving to Charity. With all the donating we do throughout the year, how do we know what's deductible, how much of it can we write off of our taxes, and what records do we need to support it?
House Poor but Keeping Up With the Joneses. If you can afford your $3 latte or even a $300 discount Kate Spade purse, you can also afford to change your financial habits right now. What you cannot afford is a financial emergency down the line.
Birth Rate Plummets, Young Americans Too Poor To Have Kids. As a result, many are moving back home with their parents rather than becoming parents themselves. Three in 10 young adults
Financial Advisors Are Biased, Study Finds. Based on his research, Kritzman, who teaches a financial engineering class at M.I.T.'s Sloan School of Business, concluded
Parents Would Rather Talk About Drugs Than Money. If you're reading this and feeling guilty already, stop right there
Danish Lottery Mistake. \My heart leapt and I started thinking of all the things I was going to do with the money
Costco Refuses to Cash Check, Man Tears Check Up In Frustration. One day, Soule, who is retired from the pharmaceutical industry and lives in Phoenix, was making a routine Costco run so
Credit Card Rewards, Miles To Tempt Affluent Into Spending. Big banks are trying new ways to lure in affluent customers as regulations have made it tougher for them to make a fast buck
4 Ways Prepaid Card Vendors Can Help Reduce Consumer Anxiety. It's tax-filing season, and the fastest-growing way to receive tax refunds is on prepaid cards. So it is a great time to review how prepaid card vendors can do a better job explaining how the cards work and what the true costs are.
Digital Wallets. Though this news may be unwelcome to people like Seinfeld's George Costanza -- whose \exploding wallet\ hoarded everything
A Cure for Anxiety. Employed Brits pay national insurance on top of income tax that covers pensions, health and social security. It's not perfect, but it works. The relief of receiving medical treatment, no questions asked, is enormous and, frankly, priceless.
Student Loan Debt. Here's one case where it doesn't pay to be in the 1 percent. These massive debts often are a result of going to graduate
Few Things Are 100% Predictable, But Here's One... Imagine how many people would have walked away from getting a subprime mortgage if the broker had told them, \The rate on this loan is 2% higher than you qualify for, because I\nmake more money that way.\
After A Lifetime Of Hard Work, The Indignity Of A Layoff. Then Hall encountered the final part of the application, which required her to sign a document laying out a new compensation
Rich Won't Move Even If State Raises Income Taxes. Maybe states need not rush quite so fast in the ever-famous race to the bottom. State tax increases also have very little
Ten Tips For Finding Work In A Tough Economy. While the outlook for our country is getting brighter, the outlook for hundreds of thousands of individuals still seems bleak. What can you do if you're one of those folks whose job -- and/or company -- is gone forever?
Joe Ratterman, BATS CEO. (Recasts; adds details) By Jonathan Spicer NEW YORK, March 25 (Reuters) - U.S. exchange operator BATS Global Markets withdrew
Obama's \All-Of-The Above\ Oil/Energy Policy Misguidedly Leaves Much Off The Table. What should have been said by our president is that this government is moving heaven and earth to convert our transportation fleet from gasoline and diesel to being powered by compressed natural gas.
Belvedere Vodka Ad Under Fire For Rape Implications. \This is the most awful piece of promotional material I've seen published in the last several months, if not years,\ Amy
Shell Struggling To Pay Off $1 Billion Bill To Iran With Sanctions In Place. The European Union toughened financial sanctions and placed a ban on Iranian oil imports on Jan. 23, but gave companies until
The Recession Is Over, But This Huge Problem Is Not. The Great Recession is officially over, but for a huge number of Americans, serious debt lives on. U.S. households owe a
Paul Volcker. Paul Volcker sounded off on critics of President Obama in an interview with CBS's Anthony Mason. Asked whether he agrees
Ed DeMarco A Marked Man. ED DeMARCO is a marked man. The acting director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency and overseer of Fannie Mae and Freddie
Fast-Food Chains With The Most Unhealthy Customers. While most Americans are happy with their family, friends and home life, more than one in five Americans are unhappy with
Who Are America's 6 Richest Women?. Forbes' comprehensive list of the world's billionaires (there are 1226) came out recently, and we were curious -- are there women on the list? Turns out, there are.
JCore, Wall Street Exercise Regimen, Makes For Hilarious TV (WATCH). Wall Street workers still feeling fat from last night's steak dinner and red wine can even coordinate their workout with
Greg Smith Book Deal? Former Goldman Sachs Executive Who Wrote Scathing New York Times Column Reportedly Meets With Publishers. CHICAGO, March 24 (Reuters) - Greg Smith, the former Goldman Sachs executive who resigned this month and condemned the investment
Jon Corzine, Ex-MF Global CEO, Stands By Previous Testimony. The $200 million transfer from a customer fund account to JPMorgan was made to cover a $175 million overdraft in one of MF
Health Care Reform Repeal Would Put People At Risk. Michele Rappaport and Alan Sorkowitz\u2019s problem wasn\u2019t that they couldn\u2019t find health insurance. It was that their monthly
Health Care Reform Mandate, How Does It Work?. Why the mandate? President Barack Obama and the Democrats who passed the bill two years ago wanted to force health insurance
Renting A Home. Renting property rather than owning is an option for many people who are not yet ready to settle down, who will be living
IRS Tax Audit. As we all prepare and file our tax returns ahead of this year's April 17 deadline, the sense that Big Brother is looking
Bankruptcy Filings Delayed Until Tax Refund Arrives. While some debate whether to save or spend their tax refunds, others are just waiting on the money so they can go totally
Empty Homes Need Additional Insurance. There are many reasons why someone might leave their home unoccupied for months at a time. In each case, there's one very important person you should call well before locking the door that last time -- your insurance agent.
Tide Laundry Detergent Theft Ring Alleged After Bust At Maryland Barber Shop. Shoppers at some local markets say the trend could be a result of the tough economy. A lawyer for the store told FOX 5 all
Betterment, MarketRiders Leave Financial Advisers In The Dust. The trepidation newbies feel about investing can be analogous to the fear of getting into a swimming pool--it's easy to be
The Next Bubble. If the interest rate on student loans is doubled this summer, the camel's back will break and we will be facing yet another large-scale crisis like the one that crippled the economy in 2008.
No More Bull:\u00a0What Women Need to Know About the Economy and Why it Matters in 2012. With the U.S. suffering from the effects of a long and painful recession, the economy is the number one issue for women and men alike going into the 2012 elections. But women arguably have a bigger stake.
Buying A Home Cheaper Than Renting In 98 Percent Of Housing Markets. And while mortgage rates are at historic lows, not many can qualify for a loan. Credit ratings took a hit in the recession
Time to Rethink Retirement. While the overall economy appears to be on the uptick, we are facing a baby boom financial catastrophe if we don't change how we pay for retirement and explore all possible means to get there.
CFPB Now Answering Consumer Questions. Other questions that came up blank
Home Loans Can Walk, Your Mortgage Nightmare Explained. These days home loans, especially loans in default or otherwise in distress, get traded around more often than a mid-career relief pitcher.
Inquiring About Inquiries. An inquiry is when YOU ask for your credit to be pulled. So if you go for a mortgage or a car loan or a new credit card or a line of credit, you authorize your credit to be pulled and that is a considered to be an \inquiry\ by the credit reporting agencies.
iPad 3. Brandon Wells got the new iPad last Friday, started wirelessly streaming March Madness games the next day and by Saturday
American Express Prepaid Cards Dangle Possibility Of Actual Credit Card To Customers. American Express charge and credit card holders tend to have very good credit scores. Nearly 80 percent of Blue card holders
Income Tax. At a time when politicians are fighting over the mere suggestion that Americans might have to pay higher taxes, it's pretty
Success in the Market. Making meaning is a fundamental brain addiction with a pesky non-discerning quality to it that makes it tough to know when it is serving you and when it isn't. To me this is the only rule one needs to remember.
Investors Seek Entrepreneurs With Fire in the Belly. If you think you want to be your own boss and run your own business, look in the mirror to see if you have the right traits to be an entrepreneur. Here are some key ones to look for.
Long-Term Health Care. (The writer is a Reuters contributor. The opinions expressed are her own.) By Kathleen Kingsbury March 21 (Reuters) - Patricia
'Mad Men'. Today, someone with Draper's equivalent job as a creative director at an advertising firm makes an average annual salary
The 10 Best Things You're Already Doing With Your Finances. Since the recession, 80 percent of people are showing more caution with their finances than they used to, including saving more and investing for retirement. That's good news.
Tax Refund. Instead of running to buy the new iPad, we'd be best advised to pay down debt or stash away the cash for a rainy day. Yet
Tips for Working With a Tax Professional to File Your Return. Here are a few tips for having a constructive conversation and making the most of your time together with a tax professional.
Mobile Banking. Nearly half of Americans own a smartphone (the category of phone that iPhones fall under) and tablet usage is posed to potentially
The Bad Stuff Is Off My Credit Reports -- So Why Didn't My Scores Go Up?. Even if you've been through difficult credit problems, it's important to establish current, positive credit references that can boost your credit scores over time.
Income Gap Closing. In remarkable shift from even a decade ago, the majority of working wives will out-earn their husbands in the next generation
20 Years on the Job and No Retirement Savings to Show for It. Among the many reasons why we've got the most dysfunctional retirement systems in the advanced world is the fact that our upwardly mobile workforce is punished for being -- upwardly mobile.
Report. Nearly 4 out of 10 consumers admit to having just enough money to pay their monthly bills with no cushion leftover for financial emergencies, reveals a new study.
Reverse Mortgages. \In the past, the typical borrower was an elderly widow who took out this loan to supplement her meager income,\ begins the
Lottery Winners Buy Sofas, Washing Machines. Here are the top 20 items that lottery winners spent money on after striking it rich
Malaysian Shoe Store Offers 'Free Man' With Shoe Purchase. You might be wondering -- isn't this a form of shoe prostitution? The men sign up on the dating site Lunch Actually and pick
Silk Curtains Can Kill Anthrax, Bacteria (STUDY). Who doesn't like silk? It feels great in every temperature and is birthed from the bodies of amazing little silkworms. It
Felix Salmon Plays The Lottery, Do You?. Have you bought your lottery ticket yet? The jackpot\u2019s up to $241 million! An interesting thing happens, when the jackpot
HSH Mortgage Calculator Shows When You'll Break Even On Your Mortgage. The new calculator produces a chart showing the date at which the value of your home will equal the outstanding balance on
Amazon.com Will Offer Half-Price Gift Cards Tuesday To Boost Awareness Of AmazonLocal. Correction
Apple Cash Announcement. Many funds own Apple despite it clashing with their stated focus. Below is a list of every U.S. mutual fund that held Apple
Boomerang Generation. The recession has been particularly unkind to young adults. A mere 54 percent of 18 to 24-year-olds are currently employed
Skepticism. Healthy skepticism is a good thing but what if we could actually reframe it and call it 'awareness' instead?
Greg Smith Doesn't Know The Half Of It. Greg Smith doesn\u2019t know the half of it. Smith, now the most famous former Goldman Sachs derivatives salesman on the planet
Wall Street's Big Barriers To Change. EVEN now, after all we\u2019ve been through, something is still wrong with Wall Street. That\u2019s the takeaway from the extraordinary
American Cities Where Manufacturing Is Booming. Last Friday, President Obama pointed to the improving labor market as a sign the economy is recovering. According to the
Sharing Your Car? Your Insurer May Not Be Pleased. At first glance, the idea of person-to-person car sharing appears to be the perfect solution to any number of problems. People
Springtime for Housing. Seasonal patterns help show us what's really going on in the housing market, which is important because they give us hints about when we should search, list, buy, sell or build.
Disrupting the Dinosaurs. How do you mix the agile nature of a start-up with the slow rhythm of a regulated industry? If you want to disrupt the dinosaurs, you have to be creative -- and patient.
A Magician of Time. I don't have time for everything I want to do, but I'm still able to accomplish a lot. Because I embrace new experiences, it probably seems like I'm doing more than I actually am.
Goldman's God Problem Goes Away, For The Time Being. PUSH ON EXECUTIVE COMP \We don't think their current compensation disclosure looks at how compensation relates to internal
What Your Dining Habits Say About The Economy. Have you been eating more at restaurants with waiters rather than fast-food joints? If so, you are not alone, and that in
SXSW 2012. Ruth England, owner of Rogue Running, told the station
Chaleo Yoovidhya Dies. According to the Bangkok Post, he was also part owner of a hospital and wine production company. Chaleo founded T.C. Pharmaceuticals
Your Top Tax Questions Answered. To help make tax season easier and ensure you get every dollar you deserve back from Uncle Sam, here are the answers to the top the five most common tax questions from TurboTax.
Annie's IPO. Sherrod isn't alone in discouraging emotion-based investments. Terry Burnham, Director of Economics at Acadian Asset Management
Your 401(k) Investment and the Fees That Should Matter to You. If you've read or watched the news recently, you may have come across headlines discussing the Department of Labor's new 401(k) fee disclosure rules.
Giving Up Your Bank for Lent. On Ash Wednesday, churches in San Francisco announced they were removing $10 million from Wells Fargo and called on the bank \to put an immediate freeze on its foreclosures and repent for their misconduct.\ The effort is part of several national campaigns to get consumers and community groups to remove their money from the big banks and transfer accounts to credit unions and smaller financial institutions. We're told that the banks, desperate when thrown a lifeline by taxpayers in 2008, are now stronger and better able to weather a crisis than they were. And yet, they continue to scream in protest and lobby on Capitol Hill against the ignominy of reform. Simple greed -- hey banks, how about giving that up for Lent?
Mankiw On Capital Gains. WHAT is carried interest? And why does it get the tax treatment it does? These arcane questions are usually reserved for
8 Things Debt Collectors Won't Tell You. It should come as no surprise that if you've fallen behind on your bills, you may be hearing from debt collectors. But there are things they aren't likely to tell you, and knowing these things can make all the difference in resolving your debts.
Apple App Store Under Scrutiny As Customers Complain About Credit Card Fraud. For hackers, these App Store accounts are juicy targets. The store offers more than half-a-million software programs for
How Young Is Too Young To Teach Kids About Money?. Moms have been asking me this age-old question for years. The short answer
JP Morgan and the Largest U.S. Municipal Bankruptcy. While the sole purpose of privately-owned Wall Street banks is to lend money at interest rates that will make the greatest
Unraveling the Mystery of Prescription Drug Prices. What's going on here? Well, it turns out that the economics of prescription drugs often defy common sense.
Restaurant No Shows Pay The Price For Ditching Reservations. It could cost you big bucks to let a premium restaurant reservation go unused. Some high-end restaurants around the country
Lottery. Why suckers? Bloomberg helpfully reminds readers that state-run lotteries have the \worst odds of any form of legal gambling
Health Care Reform Could Get You A Raise, But There's A Catch. Photo by flickr user photosteve101 The good news is that health care reform could lead your employer to put a little more
Flipping the Bird. Even the farsighted Founding Fathers could not have foreseen this -- the Fed is now on Twitter! Just think of the possibilities -- one fine Friday any Fed functionary could foment a world crisis in 140 characters or less! It could be as simple as a typo.
Stress Tests. The stress test results are not an indication of the present-day condition of the banks tested, so there are no worries for
401(k) Or IRA? Workers Who Contribute To Both Save More. In addition, workers are taking a more active role in their savings, and many are looking to financial professionals for
Income Tax Dilemma Faces Gay Couples Who File Jointly And Defy Federal Law. It's not clear that anyone actually gets caught, however. The Internal Revenue Service does not ask for gender on tax returns
Are Attorney Backed Debt Settlement Programs Safe?. Just because a debt settlement company is \attorney backed\ does not mean that an actual attorney will be negotiating their debts.
Bank Of America, First Republic Offer Customers Free Gifts. Gone are the days of getting a free toaster in exchange for setting up a bank account. Now, banks feature posh lounges with
Digging Below the Surface of Membership Growth at Credit Unions. More than 1.3 million people joined credit unions in 2011. The gain is strong evidence that consumers are fed up with high bank fees and are leaving in large numbers for credit unions. But when you dig a bit deeper into the numbers, the results are even more significant.
Can't Pay Your Taxes? Try These Tips. If you're worried you won't be able to pay your income taxes by this year's April 17 filing date, don't panic; but don't ignore the deadline and certainly don't wait for the IRS to reach out to you first.
In Healthy Credit, Timing Is Everything. In credit, timing is everything and every second of the ticking clock means that your healthy credit is getting healthier.
Got a Customer Service Complaint? We Want to Hear It!. Has a company disappointed you with their lousy customer service or shoddy product? Or surprised you with their responsiveness
Stock Market. What's most surprising about those numbers is that after such a strong start to the year for equities, you would expect regular
CoupRecoup, DealsGoRound. Welcome to A Dollar A Day, where every day we'll dish out creative and quirky ways to save on your living expenses. Estimates
Foreclosure Crisis. As the country still struggles with the fallout from the financial crisis, increasing numbers are finding themselves in this
Financial Advice For Couples To Avoid Fights About Money. (2) Make Time to Talk About Money. \Couples really should schedule a specific time to have a conversation about money,\ says
My Experiment to Get Rich From Making Viral Cat Videos. What could be more appealing to a freelance writer with some time on her hands than making piles of money for little effort? And so I set out to make a viral cat video of my own.
Nearly A Third Of Workers Have Less Than $1,000 In Savings. And people who suffer such an emergency might find that there's no safety net in place to help them. A federal initiative
St. Patrick's Day 2012. Celebrating the day will likely entail spending money, though St. Patrick's Day is far from the most expensive holiday for
Food Prices. If you've been to the grocery store recently, you've probably noticed the jump in prices for some basic foods. Milk and meat
Taking Social Security's Best Deal. Over lunch the other day, a friend told me, out of the blue, that I wouldn't believe how complicated Social Security benefit-taking rules are. He then told me he'd figured out how to get the most from the system for himself and his wife Karen.
6 Easy Ways to Deter Identity Theft. Identity theft has more far-reaching consequences than simply tarnishing our name; it can cause the financial system to turn on us by saddling us with debt that we did not incur! Here are six easy ways to deter identity theft.
Frequent Flyer Miles Often Come Along With Fees, Surcharges. (Deletes extraneous word from 2nd paragraph) By Mitch Lipka March 12 (Reuters) - When British Airways dangled 100,000 frequent
Lottery Tips. So goes popular opinion
The Law Booth. Retail might be the new frontier. The trend is catching on in the United Kingdom
Flexible Spending Accounts. When deciding whether to open a flexible spending account and how much money to set aside, it's important to review out-of
The Six Worst States For Sleeping. Americans in general do not sleep well. But those who sleep the worst live in the South, according to a new study by the
The \Fierce Urgency\ to Increase Women's Leadership in ARPA-E -- Blame All Around. Ladies
Falling Unemployment. FORTUNE \u2013 In a sign that the economic recovery may be gaining steam, the U.S. added 227,000 net jobs in February -- the third
Belgium Extends Austerity Measures By 1.82 Billion Euros. After a full week of talks, ministers from the six-party coalition also decided to freeze a further 650 million euros of
For Younger Workers, the News Gets Worse and Worse. New analysis shows what a lot of younger Americans have probably noticed for themselves
Class Consciousness and Social Mobility. Whenever I travel, I revisit certain recurring themes -- how little I really need to be happy, the quality of food in other countries, the relative costs of things around the world, and the nature of wealth. This trip, the theme that ran most through my travels was the concept of class.
Discount Shopping In March. Smart shoppers know that planning ahead of time is the best way to get the best deals. Here are things you should and shouldn't
National Mortgage Settlement To Be Filed In Federal Court Monday. It releases the banks from civil government claims over faulty foreclosures and the mishandling of requests for loan modifications
Corrections Corporation Of America Sues Florida Town For Blocking New Detention Center. Homeowners in both towns have been flooded with robocalls from both Corrections Corp. and activists seeking to sway public
Chicago Takes a Hit From the FDIC as New City Bank Fails With No Acquirer. The FDIC closed the second bank of 2012 to fail with no acquirer today. South Michigan Avenue became the focus of Friday evening activities to shutter the $71 million institution.
Take a Load Off, Fannie. There's a growing consensus among economists, investors, academics, and consumer advocates that more \principal reduction\ can help avoid another wave of costly and economy-crushing foreclosures.
Greece Debt Crisis. ATHENS, March 10 (Reuters) - Greece hopes to get 1 billion euros ($1.31 billion) in financing from the European Investment
Give Women and Men the Same Financial Advice. Do a quick Google search on \women and financial advice\ and you get 133 million hits. \Women and investment advice\ yields 64 million. Wow. That's a lot of advice. Do we really need that much?
Baseball 2012 Season. Here comes the pitch, bargain-hungry baseball fans
BYOB Restaurants. Note
Daylight Savings Time. Originally, the time-shifting policy was designed to help save with energy costs and help Americans maximize sunlight hours
Natural Disaster Relief. (The writer is a Reuters contributor. The opinions expressed are her own.) By Amy Feldman NEW YORK, March 9 (Reuters) - The
Fuggetaboutit. When it comes to sh*t New Yorkers say, you probably wouldn't expect to hear, \I have a better credit score than you.\ Apparently, they're being modest.
Credit Card Debt Reached Record High. We'll likely see credit card spending drop off when the data rolls in for the first three months of 2012. New Year resolutions
National Consumer Protection Week. I'm not suggesting that anyone purchase an inferior product just because it was made in the U.S.A. But if it's a tossup between two products of comparable price and quality, one American and one not, buy American. Here's why.
Getaround, RelayRides. Both companies, however, have insurance policies that cover your car during the rental period. If your car is damaged while
Craigslist Contraception. \When women are pushed against a wall, they will take action on their own,\ Dr. Vanessa Cullins, vice president for medical
7 Credit Score Lies That Cost You Money. If you want to raise your credit score, here's the real trick
Peyton Manning And Other Outrageous Tippers. You might have experienced confusion about how much to tip a porter or bartender, especially while traveling. Tipping policies
Median Income Falling, Even As More Find Jobs. For example, employment gains were made in small businesses, according to Intuit--a firm that analyzes payroll data of companies
Tips to Fight Frugal Fatigue in Becoming Fiscally Fit. We have been a culture of great spenders, living on credit putting off until tomorrow what we should really do today.  Our habits are set and it's more challenging to climb uphill than to coast effortlessly in denial of what lies ahead.
Facebook IPO Will Bring a Whole New Generation to the Stock Market. The coming Facebook IPO will reignite interest in the stock market, and make it interesting to a whole new generation.
Don't Let the Government Write Your Will. We may well disagree on exactly where to draw the line, but we can all probably agree that we don't want our state of residence preparing our last will and testament.
Financial Intervention for Your Parents?. As many of us have learned, life gets even more complicated when your parents come to you for assistance with their money matters -- or worse, when they don't ask for help but really should.
My Spending Is Out Of Control (SUBMIT YOUR VIDEO). Was your credit card bill insane? Did a late night shopping binge go too far, for the last time? Were you forced to move
When to Broach the Salary Question?. Gazillions of job-search advice articles have told job-seekers to clam up on the subject of compensation. \Wait for the offer,\ these books and articles say. \Whoever is first to name a number, loses,\ goes the old wives' tale.
Automatic Transfers, How To Easily Save For A Rainy Day. Once you have your account and the automatic transfer is set up, just be vaguely mindful of it. Don\u2019t let your checking account
Friends Impacting Your Spending Habits In Subtle Ways. How to Neutralize Her
Don't Let Your Life Insurance Die a Slow Death. With all the excitement the stock market has brought us the last few years, life insurance seems like a relatively boring asset, and yet it can be essential to your family's bottom line.
CARD Act May Have Cost Consumers Billions. The CARD Act was implemented on Feb. 22, 2010, and the two-year anniversary of this date marks a fair time to assess the Act's successes, failures and overall implications for consumers with credit cards.
The Road to Redemption. If you watched the news lately, you will notice many reports of slow growth in employment. The good news is that instead of waiting for things to get better we can take some proactive steps to get back on track.
Millennial Generation. Still, both generations are facing a cash crunch. \u201cEmergency savings remains a problem area for many Americans, which leaves
Bank Fee Nightmare. \This was a unique situation,\ Stephanie Honan, assistant vice president and public relations manager for Fifth Third, told
Money and Me. In the spirit of trying to make a budget, I needed to find out what my expenses are. So, I downloaded apps for such occasions
Good Decisions Require Proper Framing. Good decision-making involves a lot of pieces
Six Signs You May Have Too Much Debt. We all carry some form of debt. Whether it be a mortgage, car note or student loans. Where you may run into trouble is when your debt starts to overwhelm and this can happen long before the bill collectors start calling.
The Great Swindle. Even if you don't own a house or you're not staring down foreclosure at this minute, don't think you can skip safely past the graveyards of U-Hauls and lockboxes.
Top 10 Twister States. A natural-disaster -- and damage to your house - can leave you feeling vulnerable. Along with repairs and reconstruction, you may see a long insurance claim stretching out ahead of you.
Rent A Spare Room Or Empty Apartment For Cash. Note
Interest Rates Near Zero Prevent Savings Accounts From Growing. STOP your bellyaching. That was the message delivered last Thursday to Americans who today make almost nothing on the savings
Savers Punished Despite Doing Nothing To Create Financial Crisis. The issue \u2014 as anyone looking for income-producing investments knows \u2014 is that the Fed drove down interest rates to almost
Why A Falling Jobless Rate Could Be Bad News. When is good news bad news? When we\u2019re talking jobs. In the upside-down logic of the labor market, a falling unemployment
America's Most Miserable States. Americans are not any happier than they were last year. In fact, they are slightly more miserable. At least, that\u2019s what
How Much Americans Spend On Gas Every Year [GRAPHIC]. Recently surging gas prices aren't solely the fault of taxes though. Other factors, such as a tense situation in Iran and
Luxury Brands Return. On a recent Saturday at The Grove mall in Los Angeles -- where nearly everyone sports a sparkling logo or three -- Castro
Gas Prices Linked To Cost Of Food, Shipping. When oil prices rise, we all start paying attention to prices at the pump. But gas prices are just the beginning. Perhaps
Social Security Confuses Many Senior Citizens. Two reports released this week focus on how little Americans know about options for claiming Social Security retirement benefits
Greece and Credit Default Swaps. The disputes over credit default swaps on Greece highlight the fact that most participants in the credit derivatives market are at the mercy of ISDA when it comes to interpretation of ISDA's language. The only solution to that is to exercise one's rights.
FDIC Bank Closures. The FDIC closed another bank in Georgia this week bringing the total to three so far in 2012. Global Commerce Bank in Doraville became the latest casualty of the bank clean up's march through the South.
Moody's Downgrades Greece To Lowest Possible Level. NEW YORK, March 2 (Reuters) - Moody's Investors Service on Friday cut Greece's sovereign debt rating to the lowest possible
Historic Plantations Hit South Carolina Market In Tough Economy. Parker runs the house as a nine-room bed and breakfast, timbers the land and plants grasses for bobwhite quail. Plus, the
Greek Debt Crisis. \I was nothing without a job. I was like a dead man walking,\ he said by phone, breaking down in sobs. He said he showed
Some Tax Refunds Delayed Due To IRS Software Glitch. * Glitches in new e-file software at IRS Some tax preparers said they are facing angry customers upset by the late refunds
U.S Sectors That Most Worry People. Carrie Hurt, the CEO of the Council of Better Business Bureaus, said she wasn't surprised by the list. The Better Business
How Financially Fertile Are You?. By the time you feel ready to get serious about your money, it may be too late to make up for lost ground. And there are no medical breakthroughs when it comes to retirement or building an adequate nest egg.
Health Care Costs And How You Could Be Overspending. Patients should also consider a similar medicine that's available as a generic, Mantione says. Brand-name Crestor costs more
In Investing, There Is No Free Lunch. Many articles on the subject of money talk about different ways to invest the money. Few of the pieces, however, address the key issue underlying any allocation which may be keeping investors up at night.
Coupon Craze. Let's face it, we are not a nation of savers. According to the most recent data from the Commerce Department, Americans saved
The End Of The American Dream?. When older generations wonder what's the matter with Millennials, they often judge their younger cohorts against such financial
Credit Unions Boom As Big Banks Grasp At New Fees. \Consumer frustration with Wall Street motivated people to explore the value of Main Street credit unions,\ said Fred Baker
Mitt Romney, Ron Paul Tax Plans. The folks at the Tax Institute at H&R Block sent us a handy graphic boiling down the hardly shocking news that Republican
Best Credit Cards for Spring Break Road Trips. Whether you're celebrating spring break as an actual student, or you're young in spirit, we can suggest six of the best credit cards to help keep you from losing your shirt.
Lowball Salary Offer? Here Are 10 Ways to Bridge the Gap. Don't be afraid to negotiate -- you're worth what you're asking for, right? That's right. You are. So what are you waiting for?
Your Finances Are Killing Your Sex Life. Only about one in seven Americans were willing to give up Internet access. We are more willing to give up sex for six months than cut off access to email -- is this really what money stress has come to?
Surprising Investing Myths. To help guide you through the mine field of investing traps, I have compiled some little-known investing myths. If you pay attention to them, you will be well on your way to improving your expected returns.
Taxes 2011. Remember
Five Ways Women Entrepreneurs Can Get a Financial Life. Most of us don't get second acts in our financial lives until it's too late. That's especially important for entrepreneurs, who are ambitious risk-takers, but have fewer safety nets than traditional employees. Now is the time to get on track.
For Richer, Not Poorer. Money can't buy you love, but fighting about it can buy you a whole lot of marital strife. In fact, money issues are the primary reason many couples untie the knot.
Tax Strategies in a Tough Economy. Even though April 17 is a ways off, it's never too soon to start planning your strategy. Here's a roundup of common economic challenges you may be facing and their possible tax implications.
Debt Collectors Targeted For Heightened Unlawful Harassment. Many Americans resorted to borrowing money to make ends meet during the recession but have been unable to pay down debt. That
Four Ways Seniors Can Fight Financial Fraud. Seniors tend to rely more on the assets they've accumulated, as they may no longer be earning a steady income. Combined with being intellectually vulnerable, this makes them attractive prey for would-be scammers.
Prepaid Debit Cards. More than $140 billion moves through prepaid debit cards every year in this country. Given the wide range of these products, consumers and regulators must find ways to navigate what really matters.
Facebook Eyed By Banks For Preferred Customer Treatment, Rewards. The MovenBank promotion is about as far as banks are legally permitted to go with Facebook, for now. Consumer credit regulations
JPMorgan Chase Argues Bank Accounts Are Like Netflix Or Gym. Yet thousands of other smaller banks and credit unions are doing just fine with middle-class customers who have less than
Let's Not Forget About George.... Today, we see our paychecks automatically appear in our bank accounts every month and lose sight of what's earned, deducted and put away for later. But what if we got back to the basics?
Your Start-Up Life. This week I bring you a conversation with CNN anchor and chief business correspondent Ali Velshi, on how to start making money. Ali offers great advice on school, work, and how to ask for a raise. Most importantly, Ali teaches us to take life as an adventure.
Credit Card Applications. Nine months out of college and I'm finding that the real world is full of harsh truths
Gas Prices. Gas prices are hitting record highs for this time of year and with summer approaching, they're likely only going to get worse
Eight Ways Money Managers Can Be 'HOT'. You don't just want smart people to manage your money, you want smart people you can trust -- who are comfortable with the 21st century culture of transparency, not the 20th century secretive approach.
My Kids Will Cost Me Close to a Million Dollars and Other Financial Catastrophes. We don't promise to have all the answers to life's money problems, but we'd like to be the place where you come to share your stories of spending and saving. Let's get talking!
The Importance of a Savings Account. Too many people underestimate the importance of having a savings account. So why doesn't everyone have an emergency savings fund? The answer is simple
Obama's Budget Proposal. President Obama released his budget proposal for 2013. While you're listening to the media discuss the implications at the federal level, why not take a moment to rethink your own budgeting strategy?
Ways You're Losing Money Right Now. There are the obvious ways to save, such as carpooling, bringing your lunch from home or cutting back on entertainment costs
Separate Accounts. Sex and money -- two things couples fight about the most. For couples with joint accounts, the money arguments can get heated and even lead to a breakup.
The Impossible Conundrum. Keeping our long-term goals on our radar, and knowing the exact steps we can take to get there via a financial plan, is just the motivation we need to stick to our budgets, save for retirement and plan ahead.
The Buffett Rule or the Lincome Tax?. Here's a quick guide on how to avoid the Buffett rule if you're a large shareholder in a public company or have some extra cash to invest. But, unfortunately, these strategies won't help much if you're Jeremy Lin.
Bank Of America's Latest Fee Attempt. Bank of America Corp. is working on sweeping changes that would require many users of basic checking accounts to pay a monthly
The Great Thing About Having Been Poor. If you grow up in America, it's pretty rare if you don't love money. One of the first things I ever remember being punished for was stealing money. Five dollars, off my father's dresser.
Sprint Cell Phone Customer Gets Trapped In Auto Bill-Pay Nightmare. \They made it as unpleasant as possible with mistaken transfers and disconnected calls,\ said Simone, who estimates she spent
Rents Rise In Major Cities. Rents for primary residences across the country rose 2.4 percent between January 2011 and January 2012, according to the
Spring Is Near, Learning How to Save on Summer Vacations Is Right Here. Regardless of what Punxsutawney Phil has to say on the matter, spring is here. That, of course, means it's time to start planning summer vacations because simply hoping to find cheap flights and hotel rooms won't cut it.
Mitt Romney's Tax Strategy And Other Tax Strategies From The Wealthy. Warren Buffett's secretary pays a higher tax rate than billionaire Warren Buffett. Mitt Romney paid a 13.9 percent tax rate
When Is Tax Day 2012?. Also, know what you can deduct from your taxable income. Be aware of what you do--and don't--need to pay taxes on. Don't
IRS Has $1 Billion For Those Who Did Not File Tax Returns In 2008. In fact, you have until April 17, 2012 to file a 2008 tax return, according to the IRS, before the extra cash becomes the
Bad Bosses. Here are nine signs your superior may not be, well, superior\u2014and what do about it. How to Manage Her
Save On Eating Out By Putting The Menu Down. We're not going to tell you to stop eating out. Sure, that's an obvious way to save, but if you're like us and you work a
Tax Scams To Look Out For This Year. 7. Schemers file fake forms to claim credits to which they are not entitled. According to the IRS
How To Manage My 401(k). \A 401(k) in and of itself is no guarantee that you will meet your retirement goals,\ Di Lorenzo said. But it's a good start
Tax Deductions For Students And Other Tax Breaks. 1. Students We might not be able to offer you any good news about rising tuition costs, but we can point you to ways you
Foreclosure Settlement's 'Epic Fail'. After many months of wrangling, a foreclosure settlement has been reached between 49 state attorneys general and a consortium
Occupy Louisville Protestors Arrested After Clash With Police At Chase Bank In Kentucky. For footage of the clash between police and protestors, watch the full report by WHAS above, or go to @OccupyLou to view
Why People Use Money as Instant Gratification. A group of nursery school students were part of a study done on delayed gratification  at Stanford in the late '60s. The children, given the opportunity to eat a marshmallow, were then tracked for the following 40 years.
Goodyear Recalls 41,000 Wrangler Silent Armor Tires That Could Tear. Two people died in one 2011 crash involving a vehicle equipped with the tires, Goodyear spokesman Scott Baughman said. \A
Michigan Welfare Cuts Forcing People Back To Work Or Straining Safety Net?. The state's claim that need is declining or a raft of program cheats have been exposed may appear true when you look at certain
Americans Cut Down On Checking For Colon Cancer During Recession. Americans between the ages of 50 to 64 got 500,000 fewer colonoscopies, or screenings aimed at detecting colon cancer, during
Eurozone Bailout Fund. A draft set of conclusions prepared ahead of next week's summit showed that euro zone leaders will call for an international
Warren Buffett's Successor? Here Are Four Potential Choices. Feb 25 (Reporting By Ben Berkowitz; Editing by Eric Beech) - Legendary investor Warren Buffett said on Saturday that Berkshire
Oscars 2012. Sunday's Academy Awards are all about celebrating art, the highfalutin will tell you. It's about the mastery of a medium
Oscars 2012. Of course, Oscar spots won't reach nearly as many viewers as the Super Bowl, but they do turn the heads of an important demographic
Google, Privacy, and the Age of the Platform. Nowhere is it written that you have to watch videos on YouTube or write emails on Gmail. I've been pretty pro-Google and
Anonymous Hacks Private Prison Company Website. Hackers defaced the website for the Florida-based GEO Group, the nation's second-largest operator of private prisons, calling
FDIC Bank Failures on Feb. 24 Include Rare \No Acquirer\ Event. It doesn't happen very often, but this week one of the two banks closed by the FDIC failed to find a buyer. Such failures have been rare events to date as the regulator resolves troubled institutions.
Marijuana Users Feel Less Dedicated To Work, Shocking Report Finds. \It's the higher-level use that's probably causing the most problems,\ said Kimberly Henry, an marijuana researcher who wasn't
Manufacturing. For many years, policy makers and public officials have argued about whether public policy should help promote American manufacturing or whether we should leave it alone and let the market do what it will. As usual, such stark positions have little to do with reality.
The 10 Richest U.S. Presidents. After months of speculation, GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney recently confirmed that he is worth roughly $200 million
Oil Embargoes, Sherlock Holmes, and the Russian Butler. The tumult and fabricated anxieties over Iran's oil supply give ample cover to an oil price veering ever higher -- prices explained away by the political tensions at hand. But the question needs to be asked -- what is really driving oil prices?
Krugman. Last week the European Commission confirmed what everyone suspected
European Debt Crisis. Tamayo expects the number of posts to keep rising until the market recovers, \and I can't see that happening any time soon
Jamie Dimon Beware. Our finance industry is on the attack again. The industry target now is the Volcker rule -- the proposed rule that would limit the ability of banks to trade for their own account. Leading the attack has been JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon.
Influencer of the Week. Lin's talents are inspiring his teammates and fans alike. He came from nowhere to become a top trender on Twitter.
The Disingenuous Economics of Ron Paul. Ron Paul, even among his detractors, enjoys a reputation as a man of clear principle. But the more I study his positions on free trade, the more the one word that comes to mind is... disingenuous.
Why Inequality Matters. Obama has declared income inequality to be \the defining issue of our time.\ I agree, but I am terrified that the most recent news related to the housing settlement is not the definition the president intends.
Cancer Screening Budget Cuts May Prove Deadly for Some Women. Over the course of the recession and the years that have followed, federal funding for most social safety net programs has
High-Deductible Health Insurance Pinches Workers From Both Sides. High-deductible health insurance plans will be eligible to be sold starting in 2014 on the insurance \exchanges\ created
American Apparel Cracks Down On Shoplifting, Loses Hipster Fans. Yet American Apparel has long been targeted by shoplifters, many of them indistinguishable from the chain's loyal customers
Leadership, Eavesdropping and Muffins. There's an old saying
Trader Betting On Securities He Made A Fortune Betting Against During Crisis. Some Wall Street investors made money as the mortgage market boomed; others profited when it fell apart. Having reaped big
Better In Theory. For the rollout of its 2013 federal budget, the White House could have chosen a medical lab, an electric-car factory or a
Cleveland To Use National Mortgage Settlement Money To Demolish Homes, Still Wants Banks To Pay. Nearly four years ago, a small group of cities, including Memphis, Los Angeles and Buffalo, N.Y., began taking claims against
How 12 Famous Logos Have Evolved Over Time [INFOGRAPHIC]. Motorola Microsoft Apple Firefox Google Nokia IBM Levity aside, Raszl may be on to something. As design critic Steven Heller
Private Equity Gears Up For PR And Lobbying Blitz. On the frontline of the industry's resistance is the Private Equity Growth Capital Counsel, the industry's lead lobby, which
Local Construction Winners and Losers. Confidence among builders jumped this month to the highest level in four years, and construction jobs are on the rise too. But housing markets are local. In some cities you hear the sweet sounds of hammers and backhoes, but others cities are silent.
Class Warfare and Private Equity. Looking after the people in their care, the country's pension funds, and the government itself, are waging war on the middle class; cutting their wages and retirements and making rich people richer.
Manufacturing Illusions. Suddenly, manufacturing is back -- at least on the election trail. But don't be fooled. The real issue isn't how to get manufacturing back. It's how to get good jobs and good wages back. They aren't at all the same thing.
Jeremy Lin Applies For Trademark On Linsanity. Now that Lin is defending his name, perhaps even more so. This story was updated on Feb. 18 at 9:15 a.m. to include a comment
Mortgage Fraud. Five years into the country's unprecedented foreclosure crisis, hard data about the exact nature of the mortgage companies
White House Chief Of Staff Jacob Lew. The budget, which will delivered to Congress on Monday, projects the deficit at $1.33 trillion this fiscal year or 8.5 percent
Jeremy Lin, Knicks Star, Shouldn't Be Too Quick To Plug Product. Branding wonks have thrown out many comparisons to Lin's ascent, now dubbed \Linsanity.\ They include Rudy Ruettiger, the
Occupy Movement Regroups, Preparing for Its Next Phase. The ragtag Occupy Wall Street encampments that sprang up in scores of cities last fall, thrusting \u201cWe are the 99 percent
Is the European Central Bank Playing With Fire?. Never in the history has so much money been poured in the direction of banks, most of which don't need it. It is becoming clear that European banks will use it, not to boost the economy, but to manage their balance sheet.
America's Shrinking Corporate Giants. It is rare for one of America\u2019s largest companies to lose a third or more of its sales in a brief time. When it happens, it
Resume Souffl\u00e9. I received an email from a gentleman widely regarded as one of the world's foremost resume experts.\Now how do I say this diplomatically? Your resume really sucks.\ The comment didn't just sting. I felt like one of the victims on an episode of CSI.
Mortgage Settlement. If the 'settlement' involving mortgage foreclosure practices is supposed to be good news for the country, I must have missed something. To me this is a thinly disguised attempt to buy votes (with banks' money) for incumbent politicians.
National Mortgage Settlement. Some who talked to American Banker said that the political pressure to announce the settlement drove the timing, in effect
Lisbon Protests. Still, the head of the second-largest union, which signed the labour reform pact, said at the time it would significantly
FDIC Shutters Banks in Illinois and Indiana. On Feb. 10, 2012 the FDIC shifted bank closure activity from the south to the center of the country this week failing Charter National Bank and Trust in Hoffman Estates, Ill. and SCB Bank of Shelbyville, Ind.
24/7 Wall St.. While some of the states with high foreclosure rates have had substantial improvements in their economies, others continue
Top 10 Retailers With The Most Sales Worldwide. Of the top 250 global retailers in 2010, 10 alone accounted for 29.4 percent of the all sales, according to a new report
Facebook Is No Longer Cool. Facebook and the billionaire Mark Zuckerberg has joined the establishment. It has become another corporate giant which cheated us, luring on a concept of global friendship which has turned out to be lined with corporate greed.
Maine Freezes While Washington Snoozes. The price of heating oil has gone up by 40 cents this year to $3.71 per gallon while Washington snoozes away, letting the oil boys walk all over us while our fellow citizens freeze up in Maine and other northern states.
Why Most U.S. Manufacturing Jobs Are Gone Forever. The day after the State of the Union Address, President Obama visited a Phoenix suburb to tour Intel\u2019s still-under-construction
Mortgage Deal Reached In 2008 Shows Pitfalls To Avoid In Current Settlement. The Obama administration, which is pushing states to sign on the new settlement, agrees that the Countrywide deal has underwhelmed
Showdown for the Banks, Showtime for Obama. If the mortgage settlement turns out to be the final installment of relief for homeowners, it will be a colossal failure, both as economics and as justice.
A Healthy Skepticism. A healthy skepticism is an activist's best asset, and we need to keep banging away to hold the administration accountable in its belated response to mortgage fraud.
China's Premier, Wen Jiabao, Stresses Importance Of Helping Europe. BEIJING, Feb 5 (Reuters) - China has a stake in helping the euro zone countries get through their debt crisis, Chinese Premier
Fannie Mae Ignored Crucial Warnings Of Mortgage Crisis. Years before the housing bust \u2014 before all those home loans turned sour and millions of Americans faced foreclosure \u2014 a wealthy
Influencer of the Week. Doctors hoped to redefine the 2008 Atlantic Coast Conference Defensive Player of the Year as Mark Herzlich, cancer survivor
Let Them Eat Task Forces. Over the intervening three years, what did Obama do? Well, we got a stimulus package, and then a year later an absurdly complicated new law that addressed everything except the most important issues. And that's about it.
Duncan Niederauer, NYSE CEO. ORLANDO, Feb 3 (Reuters) - NYSE Euronext plans to focus on smaller deals and returning capital to its shareholders after
State Bank Of India To Name And Shame Defaulters. The non-performing loan ratio for Indian banks was 2.3 percent in the last fiscal year. (Reporting by Swati Pandey; Editing
Super Bowl 2012. New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady and New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning gathered impressive stats to guide
Companies That Waste Money On Super Bowl Ads. Also Read
Walmart Women Still Seek Justice In Sex Discrimination Case. \When the Supreme Court's decision came down, Walmart announced that the case was over,\ said Joseph Sellers, co-lead counsel
Greek Debt Deal. ATHENS, Feb 5 (Reuters) - Greek Prime Minister Lucas Papademos faces a critical task of convincing international lenders
Super Bowl Marketing Playbooks -- Which Will Deliver the Win?. Arguably, this Sunday is one day in the year that can not only make or break an NFL player's career but also that of a major marketer.
America's Two-Sided Housing Market Shows A Country Divided [GRAPHIC]. The United States is divided into 41,861 distinct zip codes. And the difference in housing prices pushes them even further
Indian Point. Over the past few months, there have been some negative reports about the Indian Point Energy Center in Buchanan, New York. Public debates are a good thing and, we believe, so are facts to help dispel myths.
Memo From Davos. Davos is supposed to be the gathering ground for the global elite. I soon found out, however, that not all leaders are equal.
PBM Merger Means More Bad News For Consumers. American consumers, still worried about finding or keeping their jobs and paying their bills in today's troubled economy, could receive another blow if a major health-industry merger between Express Scripts, Inc. and Medco Healthy Solutions is approved.
The Worst Cities For Retirees To Find Work. Just because you\u2019re retired doesn\u2019t mean you don\u2019t have to work. As of the end of last year, 7.3% of Americans 75 and older
United Steelworkers Union Warns Refinery Strike More Likely. One source said refiners' preparations for a possible strike are unlike any seen in 20 years. Eighteen workers have died
Influencer of the Week. Arizona Governor Jan Brewer's tarmac tiff with President Obama influenced a major book bump. Who knew that her Scorpions for Breakfast tome even existed before the photo-op transformed it into a best-seller?
Four More Bank Closures Mark the Week of January 27, 2012. The general pattern of the FDIC closing banks with weak operating characteristics and deepening asset quality troubles continues. The FDIC shuttered four additional banks today bringing the 2012 count to seven.
Everything You Need To Know About Overdraft Fees [GRAPHIC]. Don't like keeping all of your money stuffed underneath the mattress? That could cost you a pretty penny. Here's all the
Walmart Waving Goodbye To Some Greeters. After 30 years, \People Greeters\ will no longer welcome Walmart customers with a \cart and a smile.\ Four months after Walmart
At World Economic Forum, Fear of Global Contagion Dominates. For decades, as crises have assailed developing countries from Indonesia to Argentina, the powers-that-be in the United States
Positive Customer Experience. \Analysts at Adobe combined historical purchase and upgrade data with survey data and found that customers with the highest
