50 Empowering Songs To Help Get You Through A Bad Breakup. Breakups are a very special and pointed type of pain that throws your insides to the ground, stops on them, and then lights
I'm Sleeping With A Cheater, Only Complicating My Feelings On Fidelity More. I\u2019ve been a sex worker for six years\u2013my entire adult life\u2013and much of that has been full-service work. To put it in civilian
Blake And Miranda Respond To Divorce Rumors In The Best Possible Way. Worried about the state of Blake Shelton and Miranda Lambert's marriage? We bet. Just as they've done in the past, Lambert
What 'Grey's Anatomy' Taught Me About Moving On Post-Split. If there's ever a time you need a little distraction in your life, it's during the divorce process. That's why we launched
How to Revitalize Love and Passion With Your Partner. Let's face it, when we fall in love and commit to someone, we have high hopes that we'll feel blissful and excited by him or her indefinitely. This leads to unrealistic expectations and disappointment when the passion dies down.
6 Things That Keep You From Moving on After Divorce. Forgiveness isn't a pardon. It acknowledges the wrongs and then wraps them in compassion and acceptance. Forgiveness is an inside job, quietly accepting the apology you never received. Forgiveness is a difficult road. But you're worth it.
Recognizing When Kids Benefit From Their Parents' Divorce - Dalton Conley - The Atlantic. A growing body of literature now suggests that the earlier we turn back the clock in kids\u2019 development, the more profound
It Happened To Me. Somewhere, between standing on a beach and telling my husband that I would love him from that\u00a0moment on, and the day I met
9 Breakup Texts That Just Might Test Your Faith In Humanity. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Sign up for our newsletter here. Now go turn on Netflix
Tori Spelling Breaks Her Silence On Husband's Dean McDermott's Affair. In a newly released trailer for the show, McDermott confesses to cheating on Spelling. \That's my worst nightmare, I cheated
The Real Reason You Aren't Having Sex With Your Spouse. Indeed, the now-divorced Ellison discovered that it was the relationship with her husband that was the problem -- not her
These Food Crimes Are Basically Grounds For Divorce. Bonus
6 Really Weird Things You Do When You're In A New Relationship. You may not realize it, but there are, in fact, two versions of you
The 5 Best And Worst States For Getting A Divorce. 5 Most Difficult States to Get a Divorce (Strictest Laws) | FindTheBest 5 Easiest States to Get a Divorce (Most Lenient Laws
Are You Certain That Your Lawyer Is Not Impaired?. I completely agree with that assessment. If you pay close attention to what that judge told Ms. Wright, you will notice that
My Ex is Dating My Friend! How to Handle it and How to Keep From Going Insane. 2. Their relationship is working because of the \scandalous and forbidden\ element.
How To Spice Up Your Marriage When You Absolutely Hate Each Other. When you've been in a terrible relationship for years and years, how exactly do you find a way to keep that spark of hatred
Why 'Getting Divorced Sucks' But 'Being Divorced Doesn't'. If there's ever a time you need a little distraction in your life, it's during the divorce process. That's why we launched
Why I Quit Facebook After My Split -- And I'd Urge You To Do The Same. Marriage Counseling Makes Things Worse 5 Top Techniques Of A Master Manipulator
Why I Gave up OKCupid... Without a Man. After all, how else was I going to find love?
Sexual Narcissists May Be More Likely To Cheat, Study Finds. The researchers found that spouses who tended to exploit their partners sexually and felt entitled to sex were more likely
Miami Heat's Chris 'Birdman' Andersen Escorts Single Mom On $1,000 Shopping Spree. \Giving back to the community is very special for us,\ the basketball star said. For more on the story, watch the video above
Destined To Be #ForeverAlone? You Could Always Try This. You know you've been single way too long when you resort to this
19 Reasons Your Relationship Status Still Reads 'Single'. ...to your steadfast belief that pizza and Wi-Fi are totally worthy stand-ins for a relationship
Here's All The Proof You Need That You'll Get Through Your Divorce. - \I bought my own house. And then I beat breast cancer. No husband required!\ - \I'm most proud of living on my own for
4 Things To Know About Filing Your Taxes After Divorce. Each qualifying child must live with you more than half of the year and be under the age of 19 at year-end. This exemption
I've Been Unconsciously Coupling for Years!. Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin decided to consciously uncouple. When I became uncoupled, it was called divorce. I used
7 Empowering Ways for Women to Overcome a Breakup. What is next? When you've been sharing space with someone and are accustomed to counting on that one person for love, care and support, it can make the separation even that much more challenging.
Not Having Sex With Your Husband? 5 Reasons Why You Shouldn't Blame Your Sex Drive. As women, we do a wonderful job blaming ourselves for the lack of romance in our marriage.
Conscious Uncoupling. When we hear anything about \consciousness\ -- which means giving thought and serious attention to something before acting on it -- we're as uncomfortable as kids in a sex-ed class.
What You Should Know About Dating a Man With Children. No relationship comes without risks or baggage for that matter. I would have missed out on a life-changing relationship if I made his single dad status a deal-breaker. Being in a relationship with a man who has taken on raising kids makes my life that much richer and rewarding, mostly in unexpected ways.
The Freedom of Letting Go. I know it's a little nuts to equate the end of a marriage to the end of slavery and it's certainly an exaggeration, but like many marriages, it started to feel like we were wandering in the desert with no hope of a promised land.
This Is the Place That 'Hurt' Created. Picking up the pieces took more than a few tries. Starting over was part running away and part denial. A new life meant purging the one we built together.
Scarlett Johansson Opens Up About Divorce From Ryan Reynolds. But in the new issue of C Magazine, the 29-year-old actress takes stock of what she learned in the time following her split
Divorce Is Not a One-Size-Fits-All Business, So Why Do It Online?. Here are five reasons why it may be better to hire a lawyer instead of trying to handle it yourself online.
Sleeping With the Enemy. Please understand, I am not selling divorce. You are not abandoning your marriage
Harlotry. Cate is something of a renaissance sex worker and has held numerous interesting jobs in the adult industry. Each week, she
Not Everyone Should Try to Consciously Co-Parent. Here's Why.. Trying to establish consistency between homes is hard enough with two reasonable people; it is next to impossible when one person is hard-wired for chaos.
The Consequence of Unenforced Ethical Guidelines for Collaborative Divorce. The story I am going to share with you is only one of many that occurred in this exact same case and may describe the others
10 Signs Your Relationship Isn't Going To Last. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. 3. \He said our finances were none of my business. Apparently
Keeping Your Cool When Kids Lose Theirs, Part Two. Children demand a lot of attention which often requires an inordinate amount of patience.  So be generous with yourself and accept your human imperfection.  Your commitment to work on self-control is what matters, not your temporary mistakes.
Newly Separated? Don't Do Anything Stupid!. being newly separated feels like you are on trial, like you are being watched and judged. It's scary. You don't know what your ex is going to do, or what moves he/she is going to make because all of a sudden, he or she has become the enemy, a total stranger. It's a horrible feeling.
20 Ways To Toast The End Of Your Divorce. 3. \I cried, thanked God it was over then sang a Pink song at the top of my lungs.\ Like what, you ask? Below, HuffPost Divorce
When Parents of a Child With Autism Divorce. As a supporter of the autism community, it is important to me that parents who are already dealing with added responsibilities in caring for their child don't carry the unnecessary burden of feeling like their marriages are all but doomed.
This Stepkid Has Some Helpful Advice On Dealing With Blended Family Problems. What makes you proudest of your family today? How supportive we are of each other and how little not being biologically related
What We Can All Learn About Relationships From Gwyneth Paltrow. Contrary to what many people may think, Conscious Uncoupling is not some cute phrase Paltrow made up to match her squeaky
It's Too Easy to Marry!. You also have insurances for your house, why not for your marriage and love life?!
Stay Up Late? You're More Likely To Be Single, New Study Suggests. \It is possible that, earlier in our evolutionary history, being active in the evening hours increased the opportunities
10 Breakup Reasons People Were Too Embarrassed To Admit Aloud. There's a reason so many of us trot out variations of \it's not you, it's me\ when it comes time to end a relationship. Breaking
Start Summer Planning Now. Your summer will be less stressful if you take the time to work out the details of the summer months well ahead of time.  By collaborating effectively with your ex, both of you and your children can have a positive summertime experience.
5 Ways to Overcome Your Fear of Commitment. It makes sense that people in their 20s and 30s might hedge their bets and see relationships as risky if they watched their parents' marriage fail, or even relatives and friends parents' marriage collapse.
These 3 Questions Can Save Your Relationship | NerdWallet's Money-Saving Tips. What\u2019s the greatest predictor that your relationship will go bust? It\u2019s not problems in the bedroom, secret lovers or conflicts
10 Things All Divorcing Parents Should Say To Their Kids. 4. Both of your parents love you. It is extremely important to reassure children that divorce is a relational matter between
Must Parties Confirm That They Are Open to Settlement For Mediation to Be Effective?. I want to once again deconstruct aspects of Franklin Garfield's article titled \Should Divorcing Couples Who Mediate Be Talking Through Counsel?\ because I find it an effective way of raising certain aspects of mediation, bringing about a discussion on those issues and educating people.
It Happened To Me. I used to do this thing where I\u2019d grab my husband by the collar and look deep into his eyes, like I was casting a spell. \u201cYou\u2019re
Conscious Uncoupling and the Paradox of Conscious Commitment. Relationships do end, and it is important to stop viewing this as failure. The success or failure of a relationship should not be determined by it's length, but by our ability to allow another human being into our heart and grow from the experience.
Child-Inspired Single Mom Success. One day, you are a single mom to a young child and the next, your 3-year-old little girl has turned into a young, single adult owning her own company in Manhattan at 27 and offering you words of encouragement. Where did the time go?
How to Avoid Making Your Lawyer Rich or Damaging Your Children. 4. You can be the parent better at organizing schoolwork or coaching football, just like in an intact marriage, but you cannot \replace\ the other parent for the child.
11 Ways To Make Marriage Last The Second (Or Third!) Time Around. That's certainly true for HuffPost Divorce readers. Below, they draw from personal experience to share their best advice
10 Easy Ways To Hide Assets From Your Spouse - DailyFinance. Financial infidelity and lies are all too common in marriages. One in three people admitted to financial infidelity against
Chicago Has The Most Active Online Cheaters, According To Infidelity Site Victoria Milan. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Chicago may be best known for deep dish pizza and extremely
Gwyneth and Chris. Whether you are motivated by your children, limited finances, or something else, the good and unselfish divorce is something to aspire to.
Conscious Comedy. True, calling her divorce a 'conscious uncoupling' may simply be a rebranding effort designed to avoid the stigma and trauma typically associated with the entire divorce process.  Although the term may be silly, the goal itself is not.
Why Going Back to Work After Divorce Could be the Best Thing For You. In closing, I will say this. Nothing bad can ever come from going back to work after divorce! Nothing. What you think might be a curse can turn out to be an opportunity for you to grab a life you absolutely love.
When Group Fun Covers Up Marital Loneliness. What's going on here? I see this in couples who have simply grown apart. It's not that one or the other is having an affair
Conscious Uncoupling. Among other things, \Conscious Uncoupling\ supposedly helps couples understand and honor what was good about their lives together, and then let go... together. Give me a break.
9 Reasons You're Still With That Jerk. 3. You fixate on their good qualities. Let's face it, few people are bad to the bone. Even the worst people have their tender
Yeah!  I am Consciously Uncoupled, Not Divorced. Assuming that Gwyneth Paltrow's team invented the term 'consciously uncoupling,' I want to applaud them for the use of the term.  For anyone that has ever been divorced, you know the feeling of being a complete loser.
The 8 Types of Friends You Need During Divorce. Hopefully you have some stalwart friends who stick by your side. These are the ones who don't run from your tears or hide from your rants. Treasure these friends. They are true.
Divorce Strategies Are Dumb (Just Do This). There are so many strategies, tips and theories floating around that it can be hard for a divorced parent to pick one.
Why 'Choose Your Battles' Became My Rallying Cry After Divorce. \What really got me through my divorce is hope,\ she told us. \Not necessarily hope to find a man, but hope that the everything
He Cheated, But Does That Really Make Him A Bad Guy?. And that is not something I am willing to do. More from DivorcedMoms.com A Fair Affair
8 Ways Gwyneth Paltrow's Divorce Will Be Superior To Yours. 2. They won't have lawyers or a mediator, they'll have \uncoupling facilitators.\ And they'll probably meet in heavenly-scented
How This Stepfamily Was Able To Blend So 'Quickly' And 'Easily'. As part of our Blended Family Friday series, each week we spotlight a different stepfamily to learn how they successfully
Taking a Break. 2. Stepping aside and finding yourself can be vital, especially after years of coexisting in a committed, long-term relationship.
9 Ways to Co-Parent Like a Grown-Up. Here are some key ways that have helped ease my pain and confusion on a path that I didn't think I'd be walking when my ex and I first thought about having children together. If you have also decided to separate and co-parent, I hope these will also bring you comfort on one of the hardest journeys we can take as a parent.
7 Unconventionally Awesome Ways To Deal With A Breakup. Submitted by Redditor bete0noire Submitted by Redditor Teh_Stabby The woman who asked a restaurant to write an inspiring
A Letter to Gwyneth From a Divorced Mom. I get that you want to be special. We all want to be special. I remember wailing to a friend in the middle of my divorce \I don't want to be a statistic!\ But here's the thing -- we're all in this together.
Conscious Uncoupling Starts With Unconscious Coupling (And I Don't Mean Drunken Hook-Ups). The seeds of conscious uncoupling are sown somewhere in unconscious coupling. And, by unconscious coupling, I'm not referring to alcohol-fueled one-nighters. What I do mean is that many of us choose mates who aren't right for us by ignoring our unconscious motivations for doing so.
Why Do Good People Stay in Inadequate Relationships?. Why do we stay in relationships that are unhealthy and sometimes harmful?  I often hear, \We tried four times to make it work,\ or, \The relationship was over two years ago, but I just couldn't leave.\ Otherwise very healthy people regularly stay in relationships for the wrong reasons.
14 Hidden Truths About Being A Child Of Divorce. If you're a kid with divorced parents, constant checkups from mom and dad can be exhausting
Trace Adkins Is Getting Divorced From Wife Rhonda Adkins. So here's hoping this turns out to be a simple case of \conscious uncoupling.\ But most recently, on March 11, Adkins was
Defining the Breakup and Consciously Uncoupling. Hollywood power couple Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin's recent announcement of their split has sent shock waves across the digital world. More shocking than the dissolution of their 11-year marriage, however, is the terminology Paltrow used to describe the breakup.
Should You Stay or Should You Go? Experts Weigh in on what's Better for Children When it Comes to Divorce. What Paltrow and Martin are going through resonates with millions of American parents, who are contemplating divorce
Conscious Uncoupling. Gwyneth interviewed us for her blog two years ago and cited our book, Conscious Loving, as one of her favorite relationship books. The phones have been busy here since the couple announced their split, with media inquiries about what \Conscious Uncoupling\ is all about.
The Makings of a New Way. Call it conscious uncoupling, call it mindful divorce -- it's a groundswell that's ready for the Goop tipping point.
A Conscious Look at Conscious Uncoupling. We are hearing a lot about a new term related to the separation of Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin
7 Do\u2019s And Don\u2019ts Of Online Dating \u2014 Post-Divorce. Ok, so you\u2019re 40+ years old, divorced with a kid or two (or possibly more \u2014 God bless you!), and you have just awoken to
10 Things I Learned From Getting Divorced in My 20s. I wish I allowed myself to be more relaxed and present in my younger years than fretting over how my life was changing when my marriage was not working.
Here's A Punch Card For Your Friend With Major Relationship Issues. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. H/T Instagram No need to pretend otherwise, we all have
Two-Thirds Of Cheaters Would Have An Affair With A Boss If This Was At Stake. If you're cheating on your significant other, you might be willing to blur other moral lines as well -- like sleeping with
What Is 'Conscious Uncoupling'? Experts Unpack Gwyneth Paltrow's Split Announcement. \Children don't necessarily see their parents as two individual entities attached by the institution of marriage,\ said Neuman
Another Blow to Fathers' Rights; Dad Barred From Delivery Room. Under current law, unwed fathers face a long and difficult battle to gain even the most basic of parental rights.
7 Signs Divorced Couples Say They Missed | Love + Sex - Yahoo Shine. Every relationship has its own special dynamic, but experts say these signals suggest that you or your partner have stopped
Arianna Huffington Talks Divorce, Laughs About Owing Her Ex 'Something'. Watch the full HuffPost Live conversation with Arianna Huffington below. The couple divorced back in 1997, and today, Huffington
How Fido Can Fill An Ex's Shoes (Yes, I Mean That!). Having grown up without pets, Karen was clueless so I suggested she begin by checking out breeds online. \It'll be good practice
Divorce. Whoa, you mean I don't have to find a husband? I don't have to stay in the career I was in while I was married? I am completely free to reinvent myself any way I want? That's awesome.
Fighting Over Cats and Dogs During a Divorce. As the issue of pets in divorces continues to garner more attention, we will most probably see an increase in these types of disputes. Spouses that believe this tactic offers an easy way to gain an edge in negotiations should seriously think twice and be aware that this can come back to \bite\ them in the long run.
David Guetta And Wife Divorce After Two Decades Of Marriage. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. The pair met and married in the early '90s and have two
4 Things I Know for Sure About Choosing Midlife Divorce. The recent stats on midlife divorce are startling. People over 50 are divorcing in higher numbers than ever before. And women are leading the charge -- filing in greater numbers than men.  The \gray divorce\ rate has doubled for this population in the last two decades.
Why It's Awesome to Be a Single Mom. Sometimes being a single mom can be just plain awesome! In fact, once you get the hang of it and find your groove, you will most likely agree that being a single mom can, in many ways, be sooooo much better than when you were coupled up.
How A Few Simple Hashtags Helped Me Heal Post-Split. What helped Albert move on after her own breakup, besides writing? Below, the journalist and television producer shares some
Massachusetts Bill Could Ban Sex During Divorce. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. The proposed legislation reads
Porsha Williams Opens Up About 'Traumatic' Divorce From Former NFL Star Kordell Stewart. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. \Real Housewives of Atlanta\ star Porsha Williams is setting
An Open Letter To The Dudes Dating My Mom. My mom is a grown woman. She can make her own choices. For whatever grown-up reasons that may or may not have anything to
Why I Couldn't Bring Myself To Have Revenge Sex. And there he was. Tom, so handsome. Seeing him made my heart stop. I still loved him and that chemistry (for me) was intense
Your Daily Reminder That Love Isn't All It's Cracked Up To Be. Maybe you're going through a rough patch in your marriage, maybe you're single and not ready to mingle, or maybe you're super
Words Really Hurt. I came across this quote the other day and it got me thinking that these words should be the oath that divorced parents must take.
These License Plates Are So Bitter We Can't Believe They Exist. Credit
How to Evaluate if Cohabitation Has Placed Alimony at Risk. A few things can jeopardize an alimony obligation... death, remarriage or that elusive term used for describing an exclusive marriage-like relationship, \cohabitation.\
Getting Older, Not Always Gracefully. I know people find their own happiness. Many are religious. I'm fascinated by religion, but find it hard to accept. My love
Getting Married Again? Have More Fun This Time Around. My fianc\u00e9 and I are in our mid-50s. This is the second marriage for both of us, and god willing, our last. My expectations are very different this time around. My focus isn't on how things will look in the pursuit of perfection but rather on the meaning of the celebration.
6 Ways To Beat Stress In A Blended Family. 2. When you start to feel overwhelmed, take it one hurdle at a time. Husband and wife team Jennifer and Jason said they handle
The Problem Of Trespassing On Niche Dating Sites - Lauren Davidson - The Atlantic. Black People Meet connects African-Americans looking for love. JDate facilitates dating between Jewish people. Our Time allows
How I Survived -- And Thrived -- After My Husband Left Me. My driving force in getting the business off the ground? I was highly motivated to not let my children see me fail. I did
Ask Yourself These Questions Before Marrying If You Want To Avoid Divorce. 5. Do I want my son to grow up and be like this man? Do I want my daughter to grow up to be like this woman? 1. Be honest
Thanks To Owl Monkeys, We Now Know That Lifelong Monogamy Is Possible. \We never witnessed a little sneaky copulation with a neighbor, or that one partner dashed off for some time,\u201d Fernandez
8 Lessons Every Newly Single Woman Should Learn. 1. Learn that you are beautiful
Forgiveness is Forever. Two things can't occupy the same place at the same time. You choose. Forgiveness is profound and life changing as it breaks
Courteney Cox Looks Positively Smitten With Boyfriend Johnny McDaid. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. As for her current relationship with McDaid, the guy certainly
Cameron Diaz Has Some Bad News About Your Relationship. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. The 41-year-old is no stranger to relationships; her dating
Rebound Relationships Are Actually A Good Thing, Says Science. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. What they found is that participants who had stayed single
10 Dumb Relationship Issues You Need To Quit Getting Worked Up About | XoJane. Raise your hand if your spouse does something that drives you totally bonkers. The wet towel on the floor. The toilet seat
Separated But Not Divorced. 4. The person hasn't gone through those feelings you go through when your divorce is final.
Why Make-up Sex And Breakup Sex Feel So Great - Salon.com. \u201cThe only thing that I know about make-up\u00a0sex\u00a0is that it works pretty well.\u201d A married woman \u201cI am an expert in make-up sex
The Awesome And Inspiring Story Behind This Roller Derby Outfit. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. \The women (and some men, we need refs and volunteers
Divorce Sucks and Life Goes On. Turbulence. That's what if feels like on the inside, only the turbulence is a heart quake that can't be measured in terms of devastating impact.
An Important Lesson From KISS About Rock n' Roll, Divorce and Remarriage. You might be surprised to learn that the decision of KISS not to perform at their induction into the Rock n' Roll Hall of Fame this year actually gives us an important lesson about Rock n' Roll, divorce and remarriage. Allow me to explain.
5 Benefits Of Having A Friend With Benefits. Who doesn't feel glorious when the sex between you and your partner is fantastic? Some of us believe that friends with benefits
Solange Knowles Opens Up About Her Love Life. In the new issue of Harper's Bazaar, the 27-year-old singer and style star opens up about the types of guys she dated in
The Most Difficult Part of a Second Marriage. But for those of us who have been betrayed, the past has a tendency to scream rather than whisper. It is an especially persistent
8 Things I Wasn't Expecting When Dating As A Single Mom. 1. People still go on dates. You know, date dates? Maybe Millennials have given up on the ancient practice, but adults my
6 Ways to Stop the \Blame Game\ and Resolve Conflicts With a Partner. Since we all have flaws, focus on not getting defensive because that will only push him or her away. The next time you feel upset at your partner, examine your own thoughts and responses -- before you point out their faults.
How This Blended Family Has Kept It Together For 23 Years. As blended family veteran, what advice do you want to pass onto new blended families that are struggling to keep the peace
15 Red Flags Not to Ignore In Any Relationship. Ever feel as though you always find yourself in situations with the slightly shady? Take off the rose-colored glasses and pay attention to these bright red flags.
Why, Oh Why, Can't Everyone Just Play Nicely in the Sandbox??. Is it unreasonable to expect that someone would show you respect by listening to you? To respond without inflicting wounds
Till Divorce Do Us Part. After her husband Tony dumped her for a younger woman after 34 years of marriage, Ruthe Ponturo poured her angst and need for Spanx into writing the musical, \Till Divorce Do Us Part,\ now playing in New York City's DR2 theater near Union Square.
Divorce Diaries. I'm a better mom than I've ever been. No doubt. No question. I'm the mom in the pool now. And I can't get out!
10 Ways to Stay the Hell out of My Office. Why do people marry people they know are unkind, unfaithful, selfish, or without common values or interests?
What Everyone Should Know About The Female Orgasm And Hooking Up (INFOGRAPHIC). Thanks to Dr. Justin Lehmiller -- a sex educator and researcher in the Department of Psychology at Harvard University -- we
There Ain't No Party Like A Divorce Party, And Here's Proof. The one where \Pin The Tail On The Jackass\ was played. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter
Children of Divorce. Becoming divorced causes you to have to rethink many tax issues. With the deadline for filing federal income tax returns fast approaching, it might be good to be reminded of how the government treats the dependency exemption in an ended marriage.
Your Relationship Is in Trouble. If you have discovered that for some reason you and your partner are no longer growing together as a couple, it might be useful to look at why you actually got together in the first place.
These Breakup Lines Will Make You Glad You're Single. @HuffPostDivorce @HuffingtonPost I don't want you, I don't need you, I don't love you. Direct quote from an ex-boyfriend
This Relationship Advice Gives Us More Reason To Love Claire Huxtable. Full disclosure here
'Paycheck To Paycheck' HBO Doc Shows Us What It's Like To Be A Single Mom In America. Filmed over the course of one year in Chattanooga, TN, the doc chronicles the highs and lows in the life of Gilbert, a mom
The Advice You Need To Hear If You're Stuck In A Bad Relationship. When you find yourself in a bad relationship, how do you garner the strength to walk away? According to relationship blogger
Push the Green Button. Early on in my post-divorce life, I realized that there were a few changes to the dating game since I last played. The addition of technology had complicated the process of meeting someone.
Best Divorce Financial Tips. I recently pinged the Certified Divorce Financial Analyst (CDFA) LinkedIn group asking for their best Twitter-sized financial
Until Decorating Do Us Part. The thing about the renovation is that it went, more or less, perfectly. \u201cWe agreed on a house, a contractor, everything
One Big, Happy Family. No \steps,\ no \halfs,\ no \yours,\ no \mine,\ just family.
Come On Now...What's the REAL Reason You're Getting Divorced?. In so many cases, I see people who are unwilling to take ANY accountability for their divorce. They place the blame entirely on their ex. It's infuriatingly frustrating to me.
New Research Says Living Together Before Marriage Doesn't Lead To Divorce. The research is especially important, Kuperberg told The Huffington Post, because \it turns conventional wisdom on its head
11 Hard Truths About Single Parenting. 8. \One stable, consistent, present parent can successfully raise children!\ 3. \Don't expect your kids to start acting like
Divorce Settlements and Higher Education. Traditionally, emancipation occurs at adulthood although there may be a continuing obligation to support a disabled child or legislation may impose special obligations. Child support obligations cannot be eliminated by a private contract or discharged in bankruptcy.
The Most Expensive Celeb Weddings That Ended In Divorce | Celebrity Gossip + Entertainment News | VH1 Celebrity. A lot of couples spare no expense when it comes to their wedding day, but is it worth all the cash if the marriage is doomed
If Your Partner Cheated On You, Should You Cheat Too?. 2. Know that your marriage may not be able to survive two affairs. If you hold out any hope that your relationship can be
10 Signs You're Having An Emotional Affair. 3. You text him a lot. There are more text exchanges between the two of you than between you and your husband, your mom, and
Avoid These Four Relationship Pitfalls and Save Your Marriage. 1. The Sex Cycle
8 Apps That Make Post-Divorce Parenting A Little Easier. The app includes a calendar, message board, expense log, journal, and an info bank for safe storage of family information
10 Reasons To Take A Break From Sex. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. 9. Finding new ways to get excited and be intimate with
Is a Bucket List the Cure to Post-Breakup Depression?. Ali
Eating A KitKat Like This Is Totally Grounds For Divorce. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. So sad that it had to end like this. Listen, there's a
The Ghost of Emails Past. He apologized. The only apology he's ever offered. And reading it again brought tears to my eyes, just as it did when I read it all those years ago, in a different house. In a different life.
The Greatest Gift You Can Give Your Children After Divorce. A wise man was once asked
10 Signs You're In The Wrong Relationship. \u201cIf you feel like this person has all the other qualities you desire in a mate, see a sex therapist. Try some new tricks
20 Awkward Breakups That Give Us Secondhand Embarrassment. Always the good sport, Fallon started things off by divulging his most awkward breakup
A Divorce Isn\u2019t Like A Death, It\u2019s More Like A Game Show - The Globe And Mail. They say that divorce is like death. I\u2019ve heard and read for years that separating from a spouse is \u201clike losing a loved
These 10 Breakup-Themed Comics Are Way Better Than Therapy. In order to find the lighter side of a bad situation, we rounded up some of the funniest divorce- and breakup-themed comics
Getting Unmarried vs. Divorced. Divorce conjures up an angry, ugly legal battle often with a lose/lose ending. One that keeps you stuck in unhappily-ever-after. Getting unmarried, on the other hand, is a split acknowledging a once loving relationship that no longer works.
Is the US Divorce Rate Going Up Rather Than Going Down?. For almost three decades, population experts have pointed to the US Census data and other federal sources of information about divorce and concluded that the divorce rate peaked in the late 1970s and has been declining since then. This seems to be wrong.
The Time And Day You're Most Likely To Catch A Cheating Spouse. You can add this little nugget of cheating trivia to the the wealth of knowledge Ashley Madison has already released about
Should I Be Using Social Networking Sites During My Divorce (or Should I Just Shoot Myself in the Foot)?. It is getting easier and easier to catch litigants in lies. You don't need hire a private detective or be lucky enough to catch them on surveillance tape. It is a lot simpler than that. Best of all, the proof is unimpeachable.
This Scorned Wife's Craigslist Ad Could Be Made Into A Country Song. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. \My husband wrecked our family van because of his mistress
Oscars. At the Oscars on Sunday night, every time a winner thanked their spouse and the camera caught the said partner looking a
6 Ways to Manage Children's Technology Use With Shared Physical Custody. Technology use and overuse in children is here to stay. Likewise co-parenting between ex's will exist as long as divorce happens. The more willing and able divorced parents are to address difficult parenting concerns together such as technology management, the better adjusted children will be.
Addicted To The Thrill Of Sleeping With Married Women - CNN.com. I am not sure what caused me to start sleeping with married women, especially ones who were much older than I was. The easy
8 Ways To Repair Your Relationship After Cheating | Bustle. So she dug your key into the side of your pretty little souped-up four-wheel drive \u2014 oh wait, did you not cheat on Carrie
Cheating Husband Won't Be Too Happy When He Sees This. You could go all Carrie Underwood and destroy his property (we don't recommend this). Or, you could sit back and take out
When Grandparents Divorce. It's been called the \graying of divorce.\ Divorce among those age 50 and over has more than doubled since 1990, now affecting one in four such marriages. If you are a grandma or grandpa who is in the process of divorce, be aware that your grandchildren will probably be affected.
Coping With Divorce. 7. The day you meet a woman who got divorced at your age and is now 75 and alone.
6 Things Real People Learned From Having Revenge Sex. By Danielle Page for YourTango.com Lesson #2
What Your Divorce Attorney Won't Tell You About Marital Debt. How to Protect Yourself if Your Ex Doesn\u2019t Pay If your ex is ordered to pay debts X, Y and Z and fails to do so, a creditor
Why I Left My Husband After Getting Diagnosed With Cancer. Second, I only spend time with people I want to. If I get invited to something and it\u2019s not exactly what I want to be doing
How Being Good Parents Can Make You A Lousy Couple. Twenty-two years into our marriage, my husband and I hit a rough patch. There were no knockdown, drag-out fights; it was
3 Ways Your Unhappy Marriage May Be Hurting Your Kids. 2. The facade will break you, emotionally and spiritually. Putting up an armor of denial creates pretense and that takes
Ellen DeGeneres Is As Confused About The Divorce Rumors As We Are. The daytime talk show host stopped by \Jimmy Kimmel Live\ just days before she hosts the Academy Awards on Sunday and took
This Blended Family Consists Of 3 Couples, 3 Kids, And A LOT Of Love. How does your family manage the stress that comes with being part of a blended family? Kimberly
4 Ways Divorced Parents Can Plan For Their Kids' College Tuition. \If I could go back and do it again, I would have asked my attorney to please lock down some of these assets and take them
The 10 Best Things About Divorce. 4. No more fighting or compromising. All of a sudden, instead of fighting over everything from vacation plans to walking
3 Powerful Lessons We Can Learn From The Olympics. When was the last time you celebrated feeling good when you crawled out of bed in the morning? Have you given thanks for
6 Truths About Relationships Nobody Wants to Admit. Were you the tidy one, always doing the dishes? Your next squeeze will keep the kitchen clean enough for neurosurgery and you'll be accused of leaving too many coffee cups unwashed.
Is Living With a Narcissistic Parent Damaging to Your Kids?. There is some evidence that children raised by a narcissist can adopt some of their personality characteristics such as self-centeredness, inflated sense of entitlement and lack of empathy.
9 Pick-Up Lines That Never Should Have Worked (But Did). 1. \Walked up to a girl in a bar and said, 'Hi. I have a penis.' She couldn't believe I delivered the line with a straight
9 People Who Blew It With Their Crush Over Text. 9. 6. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. 4. These people learned that the hard way. Read
Push To Change Custody Laws. Fathers today spend more time than ever with their kids, experiencing just as much stress as women in balancing work and
Social Media and Divorce -- a Toxic Combination. \u2022 You filed to modify and lower your support payments to your spouse and your lover posts pictures on Instagram and Facebook
The Importance of Accepting Differences in Resolving                                                         Couples' Conflicts. Many years of couples' and individual counseling have convinced me that defining partnership problems in terms of our partner's character flaws and implying that he/she is inadequate and needs help will exacerbate the conflict.
The State Of Relationships In The U.S. By The Numbers. The state of relationships is constantly changing, thanks to social media, online dating, and the growth of a \hook-up culture
7 Pieces Of Advice All Co-Parents Need To Hear. 2. \Never argue about matters that involve children in front of them. Always show a united front.\ HuffPost Divorce readers
10 Things to Remember When You are Getting a Divorce. If you do decide to divorce, it is very normal that you need time to digest and process what has just happened. Some take longer to do this than others, but in general, after a healthy grieving time, it is time to move on.
8 Ways to Instantly Amp Up Your Love Life. Rather than save your love for that one \special\ person, treat the world as your lover and you will never be lonely.
Download Dating. Why must we hear about every fight that lead to the demise of their marriage or of every conquest since ending the last relationship while enjoying what should be a fun and enticing second date?
Boyfriend's Graffiti Fail Will Make You Second Guess That Public Proposal. Otherwise, something like this might happen -- and no one wants something like this to happen
The Myth of Mystery. Mystery does not mean being (with)held at arm's length. Mystery is not wondering why someone doesn't call when they say they'll call or do what they say they are going to do. Mystery is not a person who disappears into the mist whenever it suits them.
Single? Inspiring Video Reminds Us That Love Might Just Be A Phone Call Away. Enter an inspiring viral video created by culture website SoulPancake, in which a number of single folk are challenged to
5 Things To Know When Dating Again After Divorce. What was your biggest challenge dating after divorce? More from The Stir
7 Steps To Deciding If Divorce Is Right For You. 7. Ask yourself if you would want one of your children to be in a marriage like yours. If the answer is \u201cno,\u201d that might
Post Divorce. It was becoming apparent that my mind was spending way too much time on what was lacking in my life, dwelling on the unfairness of it all. I knew intellectually that my fixation on the negative details of my past would lock me into a future I didn't want.
He Said/She Said. Remember, when people are motivated by money, they often lie and deceive. You need to be one step-ahead of the game, and level the playing-field with the best, most objective and suggestive evidence you can gather before walking onto the battlefield.
These Divorce Cakes Are Nothing Short Of Batsh*t Crazy (PHOTOS). Extra points for what we assume is DIY (and for the choice of cheesecake). Embittered score
10 Couples Who Need Their Facebook Privileges Revoked. 10. And finally, they brag about the \cute things\ they do for each other, to the disgust of all others. (via Imgur) 9. And
Earning My Ph.D Dealt My Marriage A Final Blow. Watch the video above to hear why Peterson thinks her ex was so bothered by her pursuing higher education. Then, check out
Divorced From My Husband, And My Faith - NYTimes.com. I stood before the panel of rabbis, waiting to have a religious divorce conferred upon me. I was dressed as the Orthodox
Put Down Your Anger. He passed away just over a year ago. The man that truly took my breath away and scooped up my heart in the palm of his hands in 1987. As I processed the one year anniversary of his moving on to another lifetime I began to sob.
Should You Fire Your Divorce Attorney?. Although every person's personal and legal predicaments are unique, there are several essential points to carefully consider before making the decision to fire your divorce attorney or not.
Divorce Doesn't Have to Mean Financial Confusion. Though you may feel like you are still \under his thumb,\ you are not.  By taking charge of your finances and getting help to put together a plan, you are taking charge of your future.
Sex After Divorce Can Be Best Sex Yet. Now don't go ditching a stable and satisfying marriage after being seduced into this article by the headline, even if things have become a bit stale. Stale can be revived. Incompatibility cannot.
Divorce. My advice
Saying \I Do\ Over & Over. What is it about marriage that makes so many of us want to try out yet another one after 1 or even 2 failed marriages?
Saying the L Word After Divorce. Sometimes I think that there's a limit on the number of romantic relationships in a lifetime that you are allowed to say
Opting Back In. Why is it that when these women enter divorce courts, they and the contribution they have made to their family and husband's career is treated with such disregard and disdain by the courts?
A Post-Valentine's Post. So you got the tiny blue box tied in white ribbon for Valentine's Day, huh? After you've contacted your insurance agent, there's one more call you need to make -- your family law expert.
No Kids! High Five!. \No kids tonight ... Is it wrong that we high-fived in the kitchen this morning?\ I read in a Facebook post.  \Absolutely not,\ I wanted to scream at my laptop, \Enjoy your night - just the two of you -- alone! No guilt!\
Life After Divorce. Creating a thriving family puts grounded souls, solid citizens, and loving humans in the world. It gives us a feeling of belonging and lessens the isolation that leads to fear, anger, and violence.
9 Unexpected Realities Of Divorce. Some are good, some are difficult, and it seems to me that it\u2019s usually never quite what you expected. Here are nine things
5 Signs You're Settling For Less Than You Deserve In A Relationship. You may even know intellectually that nobody should have to settle for less than they deserve but your emotions are conflicted
7 Post-Breakup Habits That Do More Harm Than Good. Am I saying that you should rearrange every route you take to avoid running into an ex forever? No, of course not \u2014 that
What To Do If You Find Yourself In A Sexless Marriage. If your marriage is suffering from a lack of sex, consider these tips to help get the intimacy back into your relationship
5 Types Of Guys You're Bound To Date After Divorce. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. The Divorced Dad
6 Reasons Marriage Is Better The Second Time Around. 4. An opportunity to right past wrongs 6. Realizing you don\u2019t have to go it alone According to Smart Marriages, the number
Ex Wives' Bill of Rights. We, the ex wives of America, having walked through the fires of Hell, now stand united and empowered in our new life.
5 Reasons Hawaii Is The Best State For Singles. 1. It's easy to find beautiful secluded areas, perfect for \me\ time. Hawaii is marketed to couples, but if you look past
5 Ways To Deal With Boredom In Your Marriage. The first few years of a marriage are usually thought to be some sort of extended honeymoon period, filled with great sex
This Blended Family Can Teach Us A Lot About Compromise. What makes you proudest of your family? Angel
10 Inspiring Reminders To Love Yourself Every Day Of The Year. The responses were inspiring, to say the least. Read 10 of the letters below, then head to the comments and share with us
Should You Give up on Dating?. Another reason why you should absolutely stick to your dating resolutions is that the stigma of online dating has essentially
5 Dumb Mistakes Dads Make During Divorce and How to Avoid Them. Fathers are susceptible to dumb mistakes during the divorce process -- mistakes that drain their pocketbooks, hurt their relationships with their kids, and wreak havoc in every corner of their lives. When it comes to divorce, here are five big no-no's you don't want to do.
This Is Why You're Fated To Be Single Forever (VIDEO). Being single can be a crazy roller coaster ride of emotions -- happy, sad, lonely, depressed, euphoric -- and navigating
'Unhung Hero' Star Patrick Moote's Small Penis Led To An Embarrassing Proposal Fail. After he recovered from the initial shock of being rejected, Moote started to think about how penis size is an issue that
Relationship Success. Maintaining individuality is critical to establishing a long-lasting, healthy partnership.  Therefore, equal efforts between attending to oneself and making the relationship work are necessary.
23 Rejected Candy Hearts That Were Too Truthful To Make The Cut. Via @ElizaBayne Via @justlillotts We love candy hearts as much as the next guy, but we have to admit
David Cassidy's Divorce Has Left The Actor 'Very Sad'. News of the split comes just weeks after Cassidy's January DUI arrest -- his third since 2011. The 63-year-old actor has
In the Child's Best Interest. States have different rules surrounding move-away custody, but in general the best interest of the child is the gold standard and this will be the focus of the Court in making its ruling.
5 Alternative Holidays For People Who Hate Valentine's Day. November 11 marks Singles' Day in China, an unofficial holiday that started in the 1990s as a protest to Valentine's Day
5 Marriages, 5 Infidelities. Infidelity is arguably the most common cause of a marriage ending. But infidelity doesn't have to lead to divorce.
The Power of an Apology in Divorce. For divorcing and divorced spouses, a heartfelt apology can work wonders in beginning to heal relationships and in settling disputes.
Do We Need Wedding Planners for Divorce?. For those who can afford the luxury, for those who would hire a wedding planner, why is there a sense that one must go it alone during a divorce? Why not divorce planning?
Platonic Friendships After Divorce. Platonic friendships after divorce have always been really important to me. Actually, I should say platonic friendships have always been really important to me before marriage, during marriage and now, after marriage.
Taking One for the Team. Valentine's Day is at the tippy top of your list of least favorite holidays right now--and that's saying something, because this year that's one crowded list. To compound the problem, hating Valentine's Day makes you feel like a bad person.
3 Top Tips for Turning a Former Flame Into a Friend. As partners, you likely turned to each other for support on everything, but that's probably no longer appropriate.
Divorcing? Don't Let Your Pet Become Another Casualty of Divorce. Abandoned pets is one of the many sad outcomes of divorce. Marital problems, conflict and ultimately divorce is behind a significant number of pet turn-ins for animal shelters every year.
When It's War. Punishing court orders pelt you until you can hardly see straight. The motions keep coming; you're in court all the time. Child Protective Services is pounding down your door and your in-laws are pressing charges. You're broke; you're incarcerated; you're terrified. Sound like a nightmare? For many, it's reality.
How a Road Trip Set to a Beatles Soundtrack Made Me a Better Ex-Husband. My friends and family expected me to deal well with the disappointment, and then praised me for my positive outlook. But, so you're not confused, that's bullshit. I saved my sadness for when I was alone. I'd fall on the ground sobbing. Sobbing so loud and ridiculous, it sounded fake.
Cupid's Arrow. I remember, as a child, desperately wishing Cupid would hit me with his arrow so I'd fall instantly in love and live happily ever after. Cupid let me down.
8 Ways To Survive Infidelity \u2014 Whether You Stay Or Go | Bustle. Infidelity is likely the most hurtful brand of betrayal, and, unfortunately, it\u2019s all too common \u2014 the American Association
Valentine's Day. Being intimate and reconnecting isn't about necessarily having sex, although it is a great way to bond. It's more about making each other feel good.
Tips for Meaningful Dating After a Breakup. With Valentine's Day rapidly approaching, there seems to be this sudden urgency to connect and find a date for this so-called \holiday.\ For many, it is troublesome to be alone and this holiday becomes the catalyst for singles to re-enter the world of dating.
Hundreds Of Millions Spent Promoting Marriage Hasn't Helped At All. While it was long believed that marriage could pull people out of poverty and increase spending (evidenced partly by the
1 In 3 People Admit To Lying About Money To Their Partner, Survey Shows. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. \You would think with the recession that people are talking
'I Was Married To A Sex Addict'. We went to couples therapy and the therapist wanted to put me on anti-depressants. I didn\u2019t have the fortitude at that point
Falling Out Of Love. For your marriage or romantic relationship to thrive, it's important to create daily rituals of spending time together, show physical affection, and learn to resolve conflicts in a healthy way.
Is An Emotional Affair Worse Than A Sexual One? Men And Women Disagree. \Many people are searching for affection, a deeper connection that can lead to real, feelings, not just sex,\ said Victoria
The Myth of the \Deadbeat Dad\ Label. The scornful term of \deadbeat dads\ has become increasingly popular in describing fathers who do not uphold their legal responsibility of supporting their children after divorce.
Dr. Drew on What All Americans Should Know About Divorce and Family Court. In the following interview Dr. Drew Pinsky talks about why he decided to be part of Divorce Corp, why he believes people should still get married despite the divorce rate in America, how he would change the family court system so that it's fair, and his best advice for you.
Does A More Equal Marriage Mean Less Sex?. Not long ago, I was at a dinner party with several couples in their 40s, all married except for my boyfriend and me. The
How To Be Alone-Confidence Tips For Women. While people who need people may be the luckiest people in the world (thanks, Babs!), we say, there's nothing sexier than
8 Undeniable Perks Of Being Single On Valentine's Day. 5. Have a movie marathon featuring your imaginary celebrity boyfriend or girlfriend. (Because really, who needs a man when
What The Buddha And High Heels Taught Me About Moving On. If there's ever a time you need a little distraction in your life, it's during the divorce process. That's why we launched
9 Things You Should Know About Using Geolocation Data In Your Termination of Alimony Case. If your supported ex-spouse is cohabitating, he/she probably uses cloaking tactics that would make a good spy blush.
Untying the Knot. All our closest friends were runners and triathletes. In the split, I got the kitchen table; he got the couch. As I sorted through photos of us together at races in Hoboken, Santa Fe, Hawaii, I wondered, who would get to \keep\ running?
'Happy Valentine's Day. I Want a Divorce.'. There are no legal answers to emotional issues such as anger, betrayal, sadness and fear. No law has been written that magically determines who should get the kids when or who cares more about that crystal vase in your living room.
Nothing Says Romance Like Valentines Starring Toronto Mayor Rob Ford. You're going to have to tell your significant other how much they mean to you somehow this Valentine's Day. Why not let Toronto's
5 Ways To Truly Move On From Your Ex. But the reality is, we all experience the pain of a split, even if the response is a bit delayed. We were reminded of that
Everything You Need To Know About Sex After Divorce. How to hook up after divorce safely? Maybe it's been a few years since we've been intimate with anyone, courtesy of a sexless
What's Deductible for Legal Fees When Couples Divorce. The IRS prohibits any deduction for the cost of personal advice, counseling and legal action in a divorce. For example, there's no write-off for what a husband spends to resist his wife's demands for more alimony or to set aside a pre\u00acnuptial property agreement.
Divorce and the Child With Special Needs. All children are vulnerable when parents divorce. Children with special needs are even more so. But with special attention to their uniqueness and special needs, they too can cope and thrive.
Are Relationship Movies the New Couple's Therapy?. What if you could cut your likelihood of divorce in half just by watching five movies with your partner and discussing them afterward?
The 12 Most Awkward Breakups To Play Out On Facebook  (NSFW). Below, 12 of the most cringeworthy breakups we've had a front row seat to, thanks to Facebook. 6. The joke gone wrong. (via
I Self-Medicated To Cope With My Bad Marriage. The signs of substance misuse include (but are not limited to)
8 Things My Kids Taught Me About Love. Say you're sorry. Also thank you. All those special things that we stop doing once settled into a relationship should really
John Cleese's Alimony Payments Are No Laughing Matter. Check out the slideshow below for more more pricey divorce settlements. When John Cleese launched his one-man show a few
Study Says Watching Rom-Coms Could Save Your Relationship. By the end of the three-year study, 13.3 percent of couples in the RA group had separated, 13.4 percent of couples in the
Divorce. There are few challenges in life more difficult than divorce. Dealing with the sometimes overwhelming emotions makes it difficult, if not nearly impossible, to see a silver lining in all of it -- but there is one.
8 Cocktails To Toast Your Terrible Ex (NSFW). Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Suggested by Cristina M. Photo credit
10 Ways to Break Out of Step-Mother Hell. Step mothers have the worst reputations ever. Even our fairytale stories are wrapped up in the \evil step-mother\ prototype. We are the women who are portrayed as coming in and taking over the lives of children who are not ours and we are viewed as the women who steal the dad away.
These Two Simple Words Could Help You Get Through Divorce. 2. (Suggested by Shawn S.) 5. (Suggested by Anna P.) 4. (Suggested by Carrie B.) 3. (Suggested by Elena F.) If there's ever
Divorcing Women. What happens if you\u2019re divorcing, and the process doesn\u2019t seem to be going well? What can you do if you start to suspect
Unpacking Prenuptial Agreements. Yes, it may be unromantic to discuss finances in the event of a divorce, but on the other hand, it is romantic to know that the person you are committing to for the rest of your life is open to discussing any issue, whether it be boring and even emotionally complicated.
Most Obnoxious Man Ever Asks His Ex To Stay On As His Housekeeper. Unsurprisingly, the ex-wife found the suggestion \very demeaning and upsetting,\ and took her former husband to court. On
6 Simple Things You Can Do For a Single Mom That Will Change Her Life. The relentlessness of single parenthood is draining. You can't afford to develop a major health problem because no one else is around to take care of your kids. You can't afford to lose your job, or segue to part-time work, because no one else will pay your rent.
Survey Says One-Fifth Of UK Couples Leave Their Wedding Rings At Home. According to a new survey, many young married people are doing just that and for reasons that may surprise you. But could
Solving the Problem of Divorce, Have Your Say!. Divorce is one of the most expensive and emotional decisions an individual will ever make. In 2010 the costs of divorce nationally were estimated at $36 billion! The costs to an individual and the family are well beyond the parties involved. Divorce costs everyone.
Accepting Where You Are. What you expect, you will receive. Become the master of your mind and not the victim of your thoughts.
Study Says 'Too Much' Support From Your Spouse Could Hurt Your Marriage. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. We all want a supportive spouse by our side to tackle
This 'Missed Connection' Is Heartbreaking In The Best Possible Way. The \missed connection\ below certainly fits the bill. In the post, the man recalls how he married a woman back in the 1980s
New Study Says Divorce Rates Will Increase As Economy Recovers. He explains, \History shows that fluctuations in divorce rates resulting from changing economic conditions may reflect the
'I Need Space'. There is no right or wrong way to feel, but by being careful with your response and yourself, you can be assured to walk
Ramona Singer Divorce? 'Real Housewives Of New York City' Star Separates From Husband Mario. News of the split comes just days after reports of a domestic dispute between the couple emerged. According to the Post, police
Woman Who Donated Kidney To Husband Now Wants It Back. Samantha Lamb, a 41-year-old mother of one, underwent the kidney transplant operation for her husband, Andy, back in October
Dating After Divorce. I admit, everyone has baggage. But, the divorced guy's is likely to be a little bit heavier.
How Do You Move On?. Breaking up is hard to do. But it's especially hard after you've divorced someone with a personality or character disorder.
10 Things To Consider Before Introducing Your Kids To Your New Partner. - \It depends. I would say long after becoming exclusive, definitely after the first exchange of 'I love you,' and very shortly
The Absolute Worst Ways To Get Dumped, According To The Dumpees Themselves. \After being single for a year, I jumped back into the dating pool and was randomly introduced to a guy by his sister. Great
'Divorce Court' Judge Lynn Toler Has Some Advice That Could Save Your Marriage. \By year 19, my husband, Big E, and I were off the road and deep in the weeds. Barely speaking, when one of us walked in
Parents and Step-Parents. As both a mother whose children have a step-mom and as a step-mom myself, I honestly have no idea where this supposed line is. It changes completely depending on the parent and I am pretty sure I have unknowingly crossed that line as both a mother and a step-mother.
Using a Cell Phone to Show That Your Former Spouse Is Cohabiting. Your former spouse is in a new relationship... hurray!  Could there be wedding bells in the future?   Maybe.  But, if you're paying your ex alimony, there isn't much motivation to remarry.
Knee Jerk Headlines and The Captain and Tennille. Staying married for any length of time can be challenging. A union that lasts for nearly 40 years is like winning the lottery. We should all be so lucky.
How  to Request a Pre-Nup  and Still Get Married. Congratulations, you just got engaged. You and your fianc\u00e9e are on cloud nine, Nothing could be better. Now you have garner the strength to utter the most unromantic of words -pre-nuptial agreement. How do you do it?
5 Keys for Emotional Balance While Teetering on the Edge. Keeping a positive, emotional balance is crucial in order to succeed when life has pushed you to the edge. You have to actively keep your mind in the right place in order to continue moving forward.
We Kind Of Get Why This Florida Driver Is 'Just Divorced'. We're not sure if you've noticed, but painting \just divorced\ on your rear window is kind of a thing now. Once in a while
Master Online Dating By Thinking Like An Economist - Quartz. Economic theories can really help you up your dating game. Promoting his recent book \u201cEverything I Ever Needed to Know About
Divorce, the Musical. Thank you, Captain -- if that's your real name -- and Tennille, for helping me reconcile with my past. No, I'm not a huge fan, but for better or worse, your music was the background sound of my '70's experience. Your tunes ranged from the sublime, Love Will Keep Us Together, to the truly ridiculous, Muscrat Love.
The Heartbreaking History Of Divorce | History | Smithsonian. Each Valentine\u2019s Day, I start off feeling happy. My contentment grows as my husband and I put our five children to bed and
Fine Is a Four-letter Word That Begins With \F\. It's human nature. We might want things to change, but until there is a compelling reason to make a change, it's easier to let things go on the way they are.
15 Movie Titles That Describe Your Completely Awful Ex. Scroll through the slideshow below for even more movie titles people used to describe their exes
Who's Not Honoring Me Now? How Your Narcissistic Ex Really Feels About Child Support. It doesn't hurt to research good family lawyers even after your divorce is final. Reasonable divorced parents are typically able to work out disagreements without resorting to lawyers. But you weren't married to a reasonable person.  You were married to a narcissist.
How to Deal With the #1 Complaint About Divorce Lawyers. Although most people remember to ask a divorce lawyer how much they charge per hour and how much experience they have with divorce cases, there is something even more critical that you should find out as early as possible:
It's Just a Date. Dating is a process. And that process begins with that first date. And the more of those you have, the more likely you are to find success. And, if you keep an open mind, success may look different than your original script.
It Gets Better - No, Really It Does. Devastated is an understatement for what proceeded. He wouldn't get in touch with anyone from his work, so they contacted
As The Child Of Divorced Parents, I've Had To Learn To Treat My Own Marriage With Love, Not Fear. My parents divorced when I was 11. It would be a cliche to say I remember it like yesterday when they told me they'd be getting
7 Warning Signs Of A Troubled Marriage. I\u2019ve been counseling couples and families for over three decades and one thing stands out. Most people wait too long before
Arnold Schwarzenegger Says He's 'Least Proud' Of Mistakes That Caused His Divorce. \I'm most proud that I was smart enough to immigrate to the greatest country in the world where I could accomplish all of
Perspective Is Everything in 2014. In 2014, make the choice to change your thoughts and you will change your world. Remember, what you think during times of adversity will determine how long you remain there.
Love Contract for the President of France?. Congratulations to the newly public couple, Francois Hollande and Julie Gayet. I have two pieces of advice for Ms Gayet
We May Have Stumbled Upon The Greatest Tinder Photo Ever. Clearly. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Still, there are some Tinder photos that defy
Why Is It So Hard to Let Go of Your Ex?. The end of an intimate relationship is an inevitable landmark in most of our lives, yet we don't learn to let go in the same way we learn to attach. Instead, when loss happens, we often don't know how to deal with it.
10 Ways Cheaters Avoid Getting Caught, According To The Cheaters Themselves. Maintain the status quo. Five percent of respondents said they avoided making any drastic changes to their appearance when
Muhammed Ali's Ex-Wife, Khalilah Camacho Ali, Opens Up About Their Marriage. Ali said she used her own money to support him for three years, but offered him emotional support as well. Keep in touch
When Did Cheating Become No Big Deal? (And Could This Be a Good Thing?). In less than six months, I'm getting married. Which, of course, is very exciting, given that I'm that girl who made a Pinterest board for my wedding long before my guy and I got engaged.
The Truth About Divorce? You Decide!. Divorce Corp. does not provide a balanced perspective of divorce, it's incredibly one sided. Like many in the documentary, I experienced a long protracted divorce process which lasted over 7 years. However, unlike these litigants, I don't blame all of this on the lawyers.
I Was a Flexible Parent and Then I Became a Step-Parent. Instead of being the flexible, reasonable parent that I am, when we merged families I became the control freak parent I am not. No one liked me, least of all me.
What Is Cheating? New Survey Reveals How Men And Women Define Infidelity. \u2022 A little less surprising? The respondents take on whether having \sex with another person repeatedly\ was a form of infidelity
Three Costly Divorce Settlement Mistakes and How to Avoid Them. During divorce proceedings, the devil is truly in the details. One small oversight in a divorce settlement agreement can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars over the course of your lifetime. Here are three examples of small mistakes, based on real-life examples, in which one party has suffered devastating financial consequences.
I'm In A Sexless Marriage. The \u00a0first time I made out with my husband we had \u00a0been dating about 3 weeks. I remember the first night we got naked together
'Red' States Have Higher Divorce Rates Than 'Blue' States, And Here's Why. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. It was previously thought that socioeconomic hardships
This OkCupid Message Will Scare You Off Online Dating For All Of Eternity. The honey fantasy message is actually dialogue ripped from \Rush Hour 3.\ But note to dudes everywhere
How Running A Tough Mudder Taught Me To Trust Again. If there's ever a time you need a little distraction in your life, it's during the divorce process. That's why we launched
Who Gets The Pets In A Divorce?  What You Need To Consider When Fighting Over Fido. The legal battles involving pets can be a large emotional investment with an uncertain outcome that can run into the tens
Top Five Rules in the Game of Seduction. When it comes to relationships, how can we ensure that we don't end up yesterday's boring conquest but instead always remain the highly sought after prize? It is all lies in mastering the Game of Seduction, my friends.
Divorce Diaries. It was traumatic for my boys to see me scared, helpless, hurt, panicked, worried and concerned. They had all of the same feelings. So does this mean a parent on their own has to alter adventures? Do I always need a plus 1?
Do Relationships Really Need To Be A Lot Of Work?. It is also an act of leadership. If he risks sharing his deal-breaker with his fianc\u00e9e, it gives her an opportunity to do
66-Year-Old Woman Scammed Out Of $300,000 On Christian Dating Site. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Upon an investigation by the Santa Clara County District
Utah Man Might Choose Living On Mars Over Wife And Kids. But now the 38-year-old father of four has made it to the final 1,058 being considered and the cat's out of the bag. According
Single Fatherhood. I was thrilled that everyday my little love and I would start our days together, but I was also filled with trepidation, for at that moment I was thrust into a role for which I'd never been prepared.
What It's Like To Be Divorced By 22 -- And Remarried By 27. \This Is Divorce At...\ is a HuffPost Divorce series delving into divorce at every stage of life. Want to share your experience
How Children Of Divorce See Love Differently. Divorce runs in my family, just like the way wide hips and large-sized feet do. It\u2019s the \u201cgene\u201d I spent years hoping I didn\u2019t
3 Completely Creepy (Yet Surprisingly Common) Reactions to News of an Affair. People blurt out really stupid things sometimes.  And getting hit with the news that a friend's significant other is cheating is exactly the kind of thing that can prompt you to say something that you'll regret.
A Lesson From Philomena. Can we forgive? Can we forgive when our children are torn from us? When a parent so spiteful and willfully steals the child's
How Playing 'The Newlywed Game' Led Me To Divorce. The only thing worse than realizing you and your spouse need to get a divorce? Having that thought dawn on you while you're
Five Concrete Resolutions For Women Divorcing In 2014. I\u2019m not a fan of epic, sweeping resolutions. I suppose I\u2019ve seen too many people start the New Year with grand plans to \u201cchange
Are You Vulnerable to Having an Emotional Affair?  Take This Test and Find Out. If you answered \No\ to any of the odd-numbered questions (1,3,5,7) you are highly susceptible to having an emotional affair.
The French Are Most Forgiving Of Infidelity, Americans Not So Much. Germany came in second with 60 percent reporting infidelity as morally unacceptable, followed by Italy (65 percent), Spain
We Admit It. We hope this guy is half as masterful at winning divorce cases as he is at advertising his law firm's services on YouTube
Facebook Is Not Helping You Move on. If you want to know what someone's up to now, you can usually find out. Now it's up to a person to exert self-control. You want to untangle the whys of their existence? There are tantalizing clues everywhere on social media.
Why I Divorced My Husband After 10 Days Of Marriage (VIDEO). Afterwards, Nelson was in shock. \I was just devastated, my friends really came to my rescue. I went back to my parents' house
Jennifer Lopez. With three marriages (and one engagement -- who could forget Bennifer?) under her belt, Jennifer Lopez is no stranger to
What Turns A Love Affair Into A Relationship That Actually Lasts?. \u201cIf he cheats once, he\u2019ll cheat again\u201d is age-old wisdom, but it can be wrong. The reason for the cheating makes all the
5 Reasons Why \Getting a Divorce\ Is the Best New Year's Resolution You Can Make in 2014. If you've been contemplating the idea of divorcing your spouse, but keep coming up with new excuses to put it off because you are afraid of the messy repercussions, then this is the year you need to let go and move on.
This Prank Will Have You Sleeping On The Couch (Even On Your Wedding Night). We're guessing whoever wrote this sassy little message on the soles of this groom's shoes thought it was funny. \Needless
How Acting Like You're Divorced Could Save Your Marriage. Vicki Larson is a divorced mom of two wonderful young men as well as a journalist and columnist for the Huffington Post and
LeBron James Pens Touching Essay On Being Raised By A Single Mom. \I never walked down that path -- I don't know why. I think the man above and my mother just led me in the right direction
Is Heartbreak Harder On Women Or Men? New Survey Offers Answer. Check out the infographic below for a full picture of how men and women deal with heartbreak post-split
This Comforter Is Proof That Women Sort Of Have Issues Sharing A Bed. Sure, you love your girlfriend or wife, but what is going on with her inability to stay on her side of the bed? It's a low
Staying Calm When Kids Lose It During Divorce. What emotions are you feeling? Are you angry? Is your authority being challenged? Are you about to engage in a power struggle? Are you sad and feeling defeated? Are you feeling unloved and taken advantage of?
How Much Are You Worth?. How much are you worth? The reality is that you should put far less weight on the opinions and expectations of others than you put on the opinions and expectations of yourself. This is an extremely hard concept to grasp, and when you are in a long-term relationship or marriage, it is frequently a hard concept to remember.
Lessons Learned From Failed Divorce Mediation. Fast forward to February. We've exchanged documents for Mandatory Disclosure, prepared Financial Affidavits, talked about
The Wise Words That Helped Me Survive My Divorce. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Below, Denham shares with us how her reignited passion
9 Types Of Sex To Reignite The Spark In Your Marriage. Fantasy Sex
The Case For Crying In Public. Does anyone really benefit from your silence? Are your relationships made better when you swallow those emotional razor blades
Eliot Spitzer, Lis Smith. Women usually know when they\u2019re falling for a jerk. In fact, there was a study published in the journal\u00a0Biology Letters \u00a0recently
My New Year's Resolution. The recognition for both of us took a few seconds, as we had not crossed paths in four years. Strange how all of a sudden
I Love You, But Please Change. Do you spend more time second-guessing your partner's comments or reactions than examining your own behavior? While I believe it's important to be vulnerable with your partner it's also critical to take responsibility for your own actions.
Why This Blended Family Doesn't Aim For Perfection. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. How long have you and Michael been together? Michael and
Divorce Corp.. The film reminds us that divorce is expensive and can lead to years-long fights over alimony, child support, and custody; that's not surprising. Many of us have been through that process or watched family members go through it. What is shocking in this film is the depiction of lawlessness in the family courts.
Saddest Elevator Ever Reminds Us That True Love Is Often Fleeting. \u201cWe generated a lot of word-of-mouth advertising for Sabina Stobrawe among the clients of the law firm and other lawyers
How I Got Divorced For Less Than $1,500. My wife spent more on her lawyer because she had the initial divorce agreement drawn up. After receiving the first draft
The Awesome Thing My Aunt Did After Her Divorce. After several years of living there, the decision was made to separate. My initial question about what happened was answered in due time. Morty remarried shortly after the divorce.
What Should You Do If You Suspect Your Spouse Is Cheating?. Rocker Andrew W.K. knows that's the case. On Wednesday, the \Party Hard\ singer took up a cheating dilemma for his weekly
LearnVest - Why Breaking Up Was Good For My Money. Sure, we'd all like to be earning more. But, even if that bonus check is nothing but a dream, LearnVest is here to help you
Now, It's Goodbye To The Wicked Stepmother. Martin Amis is known for his acid pen and sarcastic tone, but yesterday I found myself in tears at something he\u2019d written
How To Cope With Your Husband's Financial Threats During Divorce - Forbes. Wouldn\u2019t it be wonderful if couples could divorce without rancor or conflict? Imagine how pleasant it would be if you and
Is Cybersex Grounds for Divorce?. Cyber-sex, sexting, lurid Facebook messages, and other forms of virtual infidelity are becoming increasingly prevalent in Family Law. With vastly improved computer graphics and enhanced reality, the real world and the virtual world are becoming increasingly blurred.
What Kids Want for New Year's. It's true that saving your marriage may depend on getting your own spouse on-board, too, especially if you want in and he
Divorce and Child Custody Cases in America -- See Film Romeo Misses a Payment. I had the opportunity to speak with Angelo Lobo, a dad who went through a divorce and custody battle. When Angelo saw what was happening in the courts, he decided to journal his findings.
How Homework Could Flunk Your Marriage. arents are pushing themselves, their child, and each other past their mental, physical and emotional resources to achieve.
Absent Parents Get Involved. Dealing with divorce as a young adult was extremely painful. However, I always felt truly blessed and very fortunate to have two amazing parents who loved us unconditionally. I couldn't imagine not having a relationship with either parent. Nor could I imagine them not wanting to be an important part in our lives.
Life After Divorce - Relationships, Marriage, Breakups. Most horror stories start with a teenage protagonist doing something that makes the entire audience want to shout, \No! Don't
Blended Families Make for a Spicy and Happy Meal. We're a blended family, although our parenting styles don't always mix well. Dinner time can be an occasion where we're more like oil and water than peanut butter and jelly.
What Everyone Needs After A Breakup. Marcus Osborne is The GalTime Guy for GalTime.com. He is a veteran media professional and author of \Your Straight Male Friend
Is January National Divorce Month?. January is upon us and the phones are starting to ring. It happens every year in our divorce law practice. It's the same old story
6 Things About the Men You'll Date After Your Divorce. They're as honest as they can be. If they're going to choose time with you over Netflix and a beer on the couch with their dog, it's because they either think you have a future together or they really want to have sex with you. And they'll be honest about which one it is.
How to Confront a Cheating Spouse. No matter what resolution you decide, to repair the relationship or to end the relationship, at some point in time, the acceptance process comes into play. How can you accept that your life has been turned upside-down?
Tens Of Thousands Of Spouses Signed Up For Ashley Madison On New Year's Day. Check out the slideshow below to see the U.S. cities with the highest numbers of sign-ups on New Year's Day
The Better Breakup Checklist. It\u2019s a pretty well-established truth of life that breakups are the WORST. And what do you know? The holidays have officially
How Tragic Events Brought These Exes And Their Spouses Closer Together. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. What's the best thing about being part of a blended family
Why I'm Giving Up My 'Amicable' Divorce. Eventually I sought out the help of a therapist, who I saw three times a week. After six months or so I finally decided to
18 Post-Split New Year's Resolutions That Will Inspire You. 3. \I will get my divorce finalized in 2014! My second resolution? That I will never again lose myself in an effort to follow
Newly Single Woman Knows Exactly How To Avoid Wedding Bouquet Toss. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. But if you do end up getting corralled into the crowd
Divorce and the New Year. I think divorce, as sad as it is, can also mean new opportunity, a happier life, and a more peaceful existence. So, when it comes to divorce and the new year, there are certain new year's resolutions every divorced person should consider, actions that will make 2014 your best year ever!
Polyamorous Relationships - Sex With Multiple Partners. My ex-husband and I had a relatively amicable divorce, and when he had started dating his new girlfriend (now wife), a mutual
This May Be The Laziest Breakup Text We've Ever Seen (PHOTO). When it comes to breaking up with someone, there are no points to be had in originality. That said, we have absolutely no
10 Things Stepmoms Wished Bio-Moms Knew. I\u2019m a stepmom. I\u2019ve written about it before but I consider being a stepmom one of the luckiest things that has ever happened
\Because We Both Love You\ -- New Year's Resolutions for Divorced Parents. We'll compliment the good traits we still see in each other, and we'll tell you how, if given the choice, we'd do it all again -- because not being your parents is unimaginable.
Love In The Time Of Chronic Illness. \u201cDon\u2019t even tempt me.\u201d That was Ashley Pierce\u2019s response when her friend Tammi tried to set her up with Walter. Having spent
Research Findings From 2013 Offer Insight Into Why Couples Split -- And What Happens After. What causes a marriage to fall apart? There is definitely no one right answer -- but there is plenty of research offering
What's Truth Got to Do With It?. I happen to believe that lawyers should provide their clients with legal information. If the lawyers don't have that knowledge, why are their clients retaining them?
Don't Take Your Divorce Personally. It is difficult in a divorce to not take things personally. After all, you two were a partnership, a team, and now your partner has been recast as your adversary.
Separated But Living Under One Roof -- For Now. Jennifer Worden, 34, lives with her husband and son in Arlington. By all appearances, they\u2019re a typical family
7 Things We've Learned From Our Blended Families Of The Week. 6. Let go of any resentment you have for your ex. It will do you and your kids a world of good. Our reader, Andrea, is close
5 Tips to Celebrating Your First Holidays After a Divorce. Celebrating the holidays alone can be a great joy, but it requires good planning, a positive attitude and most importantly, realistic expectations. Here is our short list of tips to help you have a joyful holiday season solo.
Toyota Driver Hates His Ex Enough To Rant About It On His License Plate. \Was at the stoplight,\ Instagrammer ashmohawaii captioned the photo. \He looked angry.\ There are two ways to pay homage
How to Love a Single Mom. We are connected, interwoven with the lives of our children. We are responsible for their well-being and daily survival. Hidden under the layers of responsibility lies our own needs, which resurface as we disengage from our identity as a married woman.
5 Ways Your Parents' Divorce Can Strengthen Your Own Marriage. 2. Marry someone you trust. Many marriages break up because of lies. Lies about fidelity, expenses, and various other behaviors
Study Identifies Health Risk Facing Boys Raised By Single Parents. \u201cBeing raised by a single parent really puts kids at a disadvantage in terms of resources that would be available to them
How A Facebook Post Answered This Single Mom's Prayers. Watch the video above to hear from the volunteers and Gregg, then check out the slideshow below for more inspiring acts of
5 Nuances of Divorce You Need to Know. Top of mind, no matter how you proceed with your divorce, always remember that the health, happiness and well-being of your children comes first.
5 Reasons Divorce Can Be Better Than Christmas Morning. More from DivorcedMoms.com
How To Raise A Daughter With High Self-Esteem Post-Divorce. A girl\u2019s desire for authentic connection is strong and parental divorce can impact her view of herself. On the whole, girls
Financial Tips That Ease the Sting of Divorce. Educate yourself for financial planning. In this lumbering economy, it's more vital than ever that you assume greater responsibility for your financial future.
5 Ways To Survive The Holidays With A Broken Heart. 4. Put yourself at the top of your holiday list. Whether he dropped the breakup bomb during Thanksgiving dinner, Black Friday
Chevy Monte Carlo Driver Is So Over His Ex, He Had To Brag About It On His License Plate. Ex-spouses often use their license plates as a medium to brag about what they got in the divorce -- WASHIS, WASHERS, USTOBHIS
What The Holidays Are Like After Divorce, According To Kids Who've Been There. A child of divorce, Purifoy's holiday schedule became even more complicated a few years back when she married a man with
Letting Go of the Custody Agreement. The schedule is so complex I'm convinced the attorneys who wrote it up did it during a drinking game where each time a schedule change happened, somebody drank, and when it was finished, they were sloshed.
7 Signs It's Time to Say Goodbye. Don't turn a blind eye to the warning signs he's giving you. Instead, it's time to dump those dingy rose-colored glasses and get yourself a fabulous new pair. Here are seven signs that it's time to end your relationship and take loving care of yourself.
3 Ways To Stay Healthy During Divorce. It\u2019s important to allow yourself some time to feel badly, but you don\u2019t want sadness to be your default emotion. If you\u2019re
5 Ways Women Can Avoid Losing Money to A Divorce Lawyer. Even though you may want your marriage to be over sooner rather than later, it's better to find a good divorce lawyer who'll work for you. Otherwise, you could end up paying more than what you expected to in the first place.
The Warning I Would Give Myself Before Marrying. \I know you think love is the 'secret sauce,' and you think that you are in love, but love is not enough, my dear.\ \It's
10 Great Gifts For The Single Mother In Your Life. The other day I got in my minivan to go to work. It was still dark out, as most mornings are this time of year. I took stock
My Christmas Wish List for Divorced Families. Christmas can be tough following a divorce. If you are single, then you may find yourself alone during a very vulnerable and emotional time. I know, because I was there. So here is my \Christmas Wish List for Divorced Families\ for this holiday season.
Juggling Christmas With Divorced Parents. Few films explore the tensions, drama and heartbreak that the holiday season can bring to adult children of divorce with the depth or the intensity of The Fitzgerald Family Christmas.
10 Things I'll Do Differently In My Second Marriage. Say no more often... and mean it. I\u2019m a people pleaser by nature, so it\u2019s hard for me to say no. More often than not I\u2019d
A Second Look at the Vicious Cycle of Divorce. I was doing just what I'd been striving all those years to avoid, and just what my poor under-evolved parents had done to me
This Blended Family Can Teach Us A Lot About Love. How long have you and you and Austin been together? What about Kelley and Chris? Austin and I started dating four years ago
I Was Never In Love With You \u2014 The Good Men Project. \u201cThis has never been a real marriage because I never really loved you. I married you because I thought that was what I was
Viral Christmas Joke Proves That Old Folks Are Tricksters Of The Highest Order. If you've ever doubted that with age comes great wisdom, the joke below, currently blowing up on Facebook and other social
New Survey Sheds Light On Cheaters' Holiday Plans. Founder of Victoria Milan Sigurd Vedal says that figure doesn't come as a shock to him, explaining, \Affairs are helping
Exercise Before Sex Increases Sex Drive In Women Taking Antidepressants. Check out the slideshow below for more steps toward mind-blowing sex. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook
10 Relationship Red Flags You're Probably Ignoring. Face it
What Divorced Moms Need For Christmas (and the Rest of the Year). Laughter means letting go, enjoying each other, and having the freedom to be ourselves.
Kate Winslet Targeted By Fathers' Rights Group Over Parenting Arrangements. Fast forward to the holiday season, and Fathers4Justice (F4J), a U.K.-based campaign group for equal parenting rights, used
Five Surprising Things This Divorced Mom Learned After Becoming a Stepmom. When you're married in a nuclear family, the circle is around all of you -- and that's it. Everyone else is outside of it. No gaps. No blurriness. No ifs or maybes. But when that circle breaks up, you can't entirely make a solid, new one in a stepfamily.
10 Tips For Navigating The Holidays With Your Stepfamily. The Holiday season doesn't have to be a time of stress overload for stepfamilies.
Divorce Rate For Women In The Military Decreases For Second Year In A Row. According to new numbers from the Pentagon, the divorce rate among women in the military is now 7.2 percent -- down almost
Is Nigella Lawson Getting a Raw Deal?. When culinary darling Nigella Lawson accused her ex-husband of \bullying her with lies,\ it had the whiff of familiarity to anyone who has been torched by a painful divorce.
Christmas. Christmas morning will be here, and as much as you may want to lie in bed and make the whole thing go away, your child will be up.
Divorce Advice. When I got divorced, and the holiday season came around, sending a card didn't really enter my mind. Why would it? I wasn't a family anymore. We were broken. Did anyone really want a card from a divorcee and her two kids?
Holiday Gifts for Divorced Pals. In the spirit of the season, give extra thought to giving divorced friends some special gifts that'll help them through the season. These can be little stocking stuffers that will make them smile.
Why You Need to Forgive Your Ex. In an effort to better understand the how's and why's of forgiveness, I spoke with Dr. Mark S. Rye, a clinical psychologist and Associate Professor of Psychology at Skidmore College. He has been researching and writing about forgiveness since 1996.
This Is Apparently The Unluckiest Engagement Ring In The World. What were the specs? A white gold band with a large square-cut stone and diamonds on the shoulder of the ring. The average
5 Reasons You Should Date A Single Mom. I work with single moms to weed through all the craziness that this new life has to offer, and find within themselves the
5 Things to Know Before Asking for a Divorce During the Holidays. Divorce is never easy. The holidays add an additional level of complexity and context that should not be ignored -- not just because of the immediate discomfort, but also because of the potential long-term side effects that could poison your relationship with your kids, extended family and the holidays themselves.
5 Reasons Men Leave 'Happy' Marriages. You are always on my back. Sadly, nagging had become an everyday thing in their marriage. Feeling overwhelmed, she says she
Merry Divorce? Why It's So Hard to Call It Quits During the Holidays. January has been dubbed \divorce month\ -- and with good reason. It shows a higher number of divorce filings than any other month. Why? Because people aren't usually in a big hurry to call it quits -- and tell their kids -- right before the family-est time of the year.
These 4 Myths Could Destroy Your Marriage. By Gal Szekely for YourTango.com Love. Countless poems, novels, films and songs have been dedicated to celebrating and exploring
How This Dad Made Sure His Boys Felt 'Genuine Joy' After The Divorce. What are some of the biggest challenges of blended family life? Flexibility is a big one because it involves people sacrificing
A Stay-at-Home Dad's Dilemma, When The Marriage Ends - NYTimes.com. What happens to a marriage when a woman works and a husband stays home to raise children? On Sunday, The Times reported on
The Santa Split and Making It Through the Holidays. Instead of letting your family's breakup steal away the holiday season, create new traditions of comfort and joy.
Finding Strength to Stand on Your Own. I was so used to being taken care of by family and then my husband that I never realized what I truly meant to be a self-sufficient adult.
A Stepmom Learns From Nelson Mandela. I am not a historian or politician.  From a distant view, there appears to be a few lessons that we may be able to apply to our own lives.  Here are a few lessons about leadership that may give us cause to consider.
Giving Your Relationship a Second Chance. Many separated couples frequently reach back to make their relationship work out and  \try really hard\ to get it right this time around. Why are some couples successful at reconciliation and others are not?
Three Reasons Why January May Be the Best Time to File for Divorce. If you are thinking of putting \Get a Divorce\ on your list of New Year's resolutions, here are three good reasons to go ahead with that plan.
Ellen DeGeneres Responds To Divorce Rumors As Only She Can. DeGeneres and de Rossi married in August 2008 after four years of dating. At the time, the talk show host called herself
When It Comes to Custody, It's a Woman's World. We Dads in the park look distantly at each other, each of us alone. Society has not yet opened a collective space for us.
Divorced? You Can Survive and Thrive During the Holidays!. It's important to balance old traditions that provide familiarity and comfort to all, while creating new ones to assist the family in moving forward.
Arguments About Holiday Spending May Spell Doom For Your Relationship. In order to avoid these financial pitfalls during the holidays, McGraw-Hill CEO Shawn Gilfedder says communication is key
8 Signs It's Time To Take A Break From Your Relationship. Written by Aunt Becky for CafeMom\u2019s, The Stir. 1. You don't talk anymore. Do you spend time talking -- really talking -- with
What to Do With Your House in a Divorce Case [Infographic]. Most states uphold what is called an equitable distribution of assets, which insures that both spouses receive a certain portion of the marital home unless otherwise stated in the court documents.
Is Demonizing Divorce Justifiable?. I am a product of parents who stayed together for the sake of the kids. I suffered all the negative psychological outcomes that children of divorce experience because my parents made every mistake we now warn against.
He Got Christmas. The loss of family traditions particular to one spouse's culture, like the disappearance of friends whose primary loyalty lay with the other spouse, are intangible \assets\ also subject to division.
The Sexy Splurge That Got Me Through My Split. No judgment here. See what else helped Mara through her divorce below, but first, there's something she wants you to know
10 Signs Your Man Is A Psychopath. Are you in a relationship with a psychopath? You might think that's something you'd know right away by the red tint of evil
How to Heal From Feeling Rejected After Divorce. Part of the healing process after divorce is recognizing and accepting that the way you feel about yourself affects the way you relate to people in the world.
Oh, the Hypocrisy!  \Don't Tell Them I Did That!\. Cheat. Get caught. Apologize and ask for forgiveness. Be shown grace and forgiveness. Pause and repeat.
Your Ex Old Man Lends a Hand. I know that sounds bad, But it's all for the best. You don't have a dud hubby. You have a dud ex. Merry Christmas! Just as
Pat Robertson Tells Divorcee She's Drawn To 'Abusers' And Should Not Remarry (VIDEO). Viewer \Melody\ asked Robertson if she was going to be in trouble with God due to multiple divorces. Similarly, in 2010, the
New Spouse Income and Child Support in California. Imagine how you would feel if the amount of child support you pay to your ex-spouse increases by virtue of the fact that they later marry someone who earns enough income to place them into a higher income tax bracket.
Study Says Fear Of Being Alone Keeps People In Bad Relationships. The authors wrote, \During relationship initiation and maintenance, those who fear being single may prioritize relationship
This Is The Advice Everyone Needs To Hear After A Breakup. As the Redditor tells it, he had been in a relationship with a woman for six months before the honeymoon stage ended, giving
Ashton Kutcher & Demi Moore Divorce Finalized. They gave us the fairytale we all wanted, and they showed us that age is just a number when it comes to falling in love.
Divorcing Women. While preparing for divorce, most women have to spend considerable time and effort accessing, copying, organizing and understanding
Why Rate Your Marriage? A Numerical Score Can Help Couples Talk About Problems - Wall Street Journal - WSJ.com. When marriage therapist Sharon Gilchrest O\u2019Neill met with new clients recently, she asked them why they were seeking therapy
This Motor Boat Will Strike A Nerve With Bitter Exes Everywhere. In divorce, there are obvious winners and losers. The guy currently sailing the high seas in the motorboat pictured below
Divorce Confidential. In a divorce there are a million concerns that are swirling around in your head as you embark on this daunting and overwhelming process.  One of the ways to ease your concerns is to be educated about the divorce process.
5 Ways You May Be Sabotaging Your Relationship. More Stories From YourTango
Why Marriage Can Be Better the Second Time Around. Regardless of the reasons, the numbers are clear. Second marriages are more likely to fail than first unions. But, when it comes to relationships, I don't care about statistics. I care about individual marriages.
Advice From a 'Broken' Family During the Holidays. Before the divorce, my family was a like blanket that kept my children warm with its love. After the divorce, my family resembles a quilt. But a blanket and a quilt still serve the same purpose.
The 'F' Word in Family Law. When you go before the judge, what is fair and just sometimes does not translate through the law.
3 Signs You Should Call Off The Wedding. 3. Inflexible attitude. A recent CNN article reminds couples knee-deep in wedding planning, \it's all champagne toasts and
Crazy Catfight Between Bride And Pregnant Mistress Has To Be Seen To Be Believed. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Watch the video for more on the fight, then check out
My Ex-Husband Depleted My Life Savings (VIDEO). While Rind did ask her husband to write an IOU, she never collected. The couple got a divorce, partially due to the unpaid
A Marriage Tests An Advice Columnist - NYTimes.com. When Amy Dickinson, 54, and Bruno Schickel, 57, married five-plus years ago, she imagined their marriage would be like a
How To Succeed At Divorce (Yes, It's Possible!). Those voices are your inner critics who create fear, uncertainty, rage, resentment, jealousy, and panic. They fuel the fire
What It's Like To Be Divorced By 26. \This Is Divorce At...\ is a HuffPost Divorce series delving into divorce at every stage of life. Want to share your experience
Married Ladies. After nine years of being a wife, SAHM, and sorta freelance writer, I was briskly escorted out of the Eden that had been my married life of privilege. And I was virtually unemployable.
This Is What A Great Co-Parenting Relationship Looks Like. And how long have you and Ashley been with your current spouses? Tony and I have been married for four years after a long
25 Reasons To Be Thankful For Divorce. 15. \I am thankful for my divorce because I was able to move away, finish my degree at a university like I had always wanted
Why I Chose Las Vegas Over Thanksgiving After Divorce. If there's ever a time you need a little distraction in your life, it's during the divorce process. That's why we launched
What They Don't Tell You When You're Getting Divorced. They don't tell you that you can feel broken and feel completely whole
Nailed Through the Holidays. There is no magic formula that says what percentage you have to give and take to make a relationship work. If anyone tells you otherwise, don't believe it. Relationships succeed when two people love each other just enough to put each other first.
What If We Treated Marriage More Like the Contract It Is?. I may sound cold, but when you realize that most serious ruptures in marriages are from a failure to communicate properly, perhaps the best defense of marriage is to be a little less Pollyanna about it.
Durable Love. Once the fracture happens, for some people, there is no recovery. There was no break for me. I was still writing love poems and recording love anthems trying to reawaken the light of her love for me.
Think You Want a Bulldog Lawyer? Think Again.. Finding a divorce lawyer can be a daunting task. For many, divorce is their first experience with the legal system, aside from a traffic ticket or two. It can be tempting to look for a lawyer who markets himself as aggressive. Here are some reasons to think twice.
An Open Letter to My Step Kids for Thanksgiving. I am so very thankful for this weird, dysfunctionally functional, blended family of ours.  Because for the last six years, whether you've hated me or loved me, you've always made me feel like a real mom.  And for that alone, I am eternally grateful.  I love you with all my heart.
Help, My Grandparents Are Getting a Divorce!. What I found out was that a new group of modern seniors is coming up and they are no longer willing to compromise themselves in their current relationship.
Introducing Your New Partner To Your Kids. Keeping the best interests of your children in mind will help you to make wise decisions about dating after your divorce. You owe it to yourself and your kids to build new relationships thoughtfully.
My Partner Cheated and Says It's All My Fault. As much as the cheater would like to cast off their guilt by blaming their partner for their bad behavior, it really doesn't work that way.
The Only Breakup Advice You'll Ever Need. If you really want to help your friend through this time of heartbreak, bestselling author and relationship expert Iris Krasnow
5 Ways to Protect Children During Divorce. Wondering what is best for your kids and navigating the optimal way to get them through the transition might feel like a constant struggle.
Is It Ever Okay To Separate Around The Holidays?. Since we have so much to do and want everything to be just right, Dr. Greer points out that there is also an added amount
It's OK to Feel Bad About Being Divorced at Thanksgiving or About Thanksgiving While Getting Divorced. Take care of yourself. Let yourself feel sad. If you have kids, let them feel sad, and talk about feeling sad, if they need to. Let yourself be happy, and let your kids be happy and talk about being happy if they need to.
Would-Be Cheaters Reveal Their Deepest Secrets On Whisper App. Are you thinking of cheating? You're not alone. Of the many users on Whisper, a free mobile app that allows users to anonymously
10 E-Cards That Will Do The Breaking Up For You. In light of the occasion, we collected cards from someecards.com to to help love-lost partners who are too chicken to pull
Making the Best of this Pre-Divorce Holiday Season. One of many reasons couples decide to soldier through the months of November and December is often an emotional one
Women's Marriage Optimism Doesn't Bode Well For Their Relationships, Study Finds. Having realistic expectations for your marriage is better than inflated optimism -- this according to a new study which claims
A Military Wife No More - NYTimes.com. Today I got divorced. A drawn-out separation and a year in and out of marriage counseling that included three different therapists
Get Some New Glasses or Get a Divorce!. If there was one thing I wish I could make people understand today about American family life it's this
Couples' Drinking Habits May Predict Likelihood Of Divorce, Study Finds. \u201cOur results indicate that it is the difference between the couple\u2019s drinking habits, rather than the drinking itself, that
Would You Marry Your Ex If You Knew The Marriage Would End?. - Without my first husband I would not have my amazing daughters or the valuable lessons I learned from being married to
'I Couldn't Imagine Anything Less' Than Our Family Now. Max and I have been married for a year and half, and our baby, who we're naming Morgan, is due any day now! Scroll down for
How to Avoid These Three Dating Fouls as a Single Parent. Does being a single parent put you in the penalty box or sidelines when it comes to dating? Here are three common \fouls\ and how to re-play them and win!
This Is Why Board Games And Relationships Don't Mix. Damn you, Monopoly. Damn you to hell. It doesn't matter if it's Settlers of Catan or the Game of Life, if you ask your significant
Dr. Ruth Says If You Cheated On Your Spouse, 'Keep Your Mouth Shut'. However, some experts believe that an affair can actually help save your marriage. Therapist Emily Brown discusses this concept
Breakup Rules 101. Breakups
This Boyfriend's Cheating Prank Goes Horribly, Hilariously Wrong. Let's get something straight
Co-Parenting. You can't explain to a 10-year-old child that you can't call them because mommy went to court to prohibit it. While your anger may make you want to tell them, you know it is not in their best interests to possess that information.
Moving From Parenting to Co-parenting. In my state, as a man, if you want something other than the SPO and non-custodial parent role, you're going to have to fight. You're going to have to disagree with your expensive 'parenting planning' and PH.D family therapist.
He Never Kisses Me Anymore. Kissing passionately takes two and if both people in the relationship stop initiating the passionate kiss, it eventually goes away. When it's gone, it's sometimes hard to bring back.
Why It May Be So Hard For You To Let Go. Above all, please know that when working on your letting go process, it's best to find time to return to laughter, humor and light-heartedness whenever you can.  The letting go process can feel heavy and as much as you may not want it to, feel dramatic.
Divorce Attorney's Business Card Is Not What It Seems (PHOTO). Here's the card he had created
You Might Need a Breakup Coach If.... When you're ready to quit being pitiful and start being powerful hire a breakup coach. You'll be doing everyone a favor.
Live-Tweeting Your Relationship Won't Fix It - PolicyMic. Meet Claire Meyer and Alan Linic. Claire and Alan are improv actors who live in Chicago. They've been dating since March
This Suave Lizard Has The Solution To All Your Relationship Problems (PHOTO). Yep, a lizard is way better at relationships than you. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter
Say This If You Never Want To Have Sex With Your Wife Again. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Of course you don't. And that's precisely why you should
That Special Time of Year. The holidays have a special magic that no one wants to disturb. Divorce conversations are intentionally avoided, because who wants to mar this season with bad memories? Trust me
36 Things I Wish Someone Told Me About Divorce. Written by Michele Zipp on CafeMom\u2019s blog, The Stir Marriage is this beautiful, amazing, loving, caring union... until it's
Surviving the Co-Parenting \Holiday Shuffle\. It may not be practical to eliminate the holiday shuffle altogether. That doesn't mean we can't do our best to improve it. With a little luck and a lot of effort, this shuffle can become a graceful dance that works better for everyone involved.
The Straight Dope About the Holidays. Holidays are stressful in general. And so is divorce. Combining them can be the final straw that pushes some people into depression. If this is your holiday experience, get the support you need to make it through but don't be too alarmed. It's par for the course and next year's holiday season will be much easier.
Sex and Lies. People don't cheat because they have been given permission to do it, they cheat for the opposite reason -- because it's wrong.
Three Reasons You Should Never Marry for Love. People whose primary reason to marry is other than love -- such as to have children, to have financial security, or for companionship -- generally have longer and perhaps better marriages because their choices were made with a purpose.
To My Ex-Husband. We are both on separate journeys; yet, you will always be within me
When Co-Parenting Is Difficult. When you have an ex who is not equally committed to doing what's best for your children, don't expect yourself to make up for that.  It's simply a loss that you're not responsible for. Do your best, but don't expect perfection from yourself.
10 Things To Love About Being Single After A Split. 9. My own bedtime. Whether it\u2019s 9 p.m. or 1 a.m., I go to bed when I\u2019m tired these days, guilt free. 5. Decorating how I
Walk Thru the Fire of Fear. Acknowledge the fear, take control of it, control the negative chatter in your mind, have confidence in yourself, see these changes as growth and stepping stones to a future of promise and view your life with anticipation, not apprehension, and you will become powerful over your fears of divorce.
10 Thanksgivukkah Pick-Up Lines. Due to the funky mathematics of the Hebrew and secular calendars, this holiday blend has never happened before, and won't happen again for some 77,000 years. Like true love, it appears Thanksgivukkah only comes around once in a lifetime.
10 Questions You Should Never Ask Someone You've Been Dating for Less Than a Year. I can also attest to the fact that there are certain questions a new girlfriend can ask too soon--questions that will turn him off so fast, your head will spin.
The 5 Lies You Tell Yourself After A Breakup. 4. \Things weren't as bad as I thought they were.\ He likes chocolate, you prefer vanilla. You love listening to music and
Would You Know If You Were in a Dysfunctional Relationship?. This is the basic recipe for a dysfunctional partnership.
Blended Family Life Means 'Twice The Hugs, Twice The Kisses And Twice The Love'. We \u201cofficially\u201d became a family almost one year ago. We were married December 11, 2012, one year to the day that he told
5 Ways To Cheat-Proof Your Relationship. People often ask me if there is anyway to \u201ccheat-proof\u201d their relationship and keep infidelity at bay. The truth is that
Samantha Perelman Should Say No to a Bully -- Even If It's Her Father. Our parents teach us who we want to be and not be. Samantha Perelman will be judged for the rest of her life on the choices she is making at this turning point. It could determine whether she has a good night's sleep or endless nightmares.
5 Lessons I Learned From My Divorce (And Why Seth Adam Smith's Advice In 'Marriage Isn't for You' Doesn't Work). I made my first marriage all about my ex-husband. I tried to be the person he wanted me to be except what he wanted was always a moving target. Guess what? That's right -- after 19 years of tilting at windmills we became just another divorce statistic.
Katy Perry. \From a lot of searching for help\u2026 through a lot of changing how I think about myself,\ she says. \On this record, there\u2019s
Man Slaps Ex-Girlfriend With $200,000 Bill After She Rejects His Marriage Proposal. Of course, Dusting isn't the first to look for revenge post-breakup. Click through the slideshow below for five more stories
The State Of Extramarital Affairs, Getting Caught, And The Cheater Meter - Magazine - The Boston Globe. ADULTERY IS STILL TECHNICALLY A CRIME in Massachusetts, though a case hasn\u2019t been pursued in decades. So perhaps it is fitting
Should You Divorce Over Cosmetic Surgery?. He sued her on the grounds of false pretenses, for not telling him about the plastic surgery and duping him into thinking
Your Yearbook Photo May Predict Your Likelihood Of Divorce. How can something as seemingly insignificant as your smile in childhood photos predict so much about your future? Think back
All Available Light. When there is still war in your blood, you need to take it outside, discharge your cannons elsewhere. There is nothing to be gained from launching negative attacks on your ex. Nothing.
Confession. Man Snoops on Girlfriend He Thinks Is Cheating & Finds Something Much Worse What do you think of this confession? Is this
Divorce Confidential. It is important to consider all issues before you make a decision on whether to hire an attorney or not.  While legal representation is important, it is not always necessary.
Facebook in a Time of Divorce. I swallowed a small hysterical snort of realization that I was now married to someone not married to me. Is that even possible? I clearly needed to fix it, pronto. Like the wave of an unwelcome fairy wand, I went from married to unmarried with a deft stroke.
How To Behave In Court. Nothing will get the judge's ire more than a ringing cell phone.   If you absolutely need to have your telephone on, put it on vibrate.   Beware -- if the phone rings,  the court officer will likely take it away from you.
Marriage In Trouble? Give It A Break. Patty and Gus, of San Jose, never thought marriage would feel like this. Read more on www.mercurynews.com
16 Valuable Things My Ex Taught Me About Life. 12. \I learned that sometimes love is not reason enough to stay in a relationship with someone.\ -@AvilaUr 2. \My ex taught
*NSYNC-Inspired Breakup Text Would Make 13-Year-Old You Proud. If you would have asked us how to break up with someone back in seventh grade, we would have told you to do it exactly like
Becky Cavender. We met 12 years ago today in that little coffee shop next to the ferry. I saw you through the large window, sitting calmly
Divorce In The Orthodox Jewish Community Can Be Brutal, Degrading And Endless. \u201cOnly three days into the marriage, I knew I made a terrible mistake.\u201d Gital Dodelson, 25, wrote those words about her 2009
Stepmoms. Be yourself. Sounds pretty simple, right? This isn't just the best advice for stepmoms but for almost every woman who's trying to morph herself into the expectations she thinks other people have of her.
10 Tips to Enjoy the Holidays Post-Divorce. Your divorce is not the end of your life. It's not the end of your family. And it's certainly not the end of experiencing joy and happiness in your holidays.
The Rise Of Polyamory. Will and Jada Smith found themselves at the center of a scandal last week, when the tabloid Star Magazine allegedly caught
Divorce Cake's Message Is Spot On. Finding a divorce cake that manages to stay somewhat classy can be a chore. We mean it
When the Passion and Excitement in Your Relationship Is Waning. Do you feel a lack of excitement in your relationship? Perhaps a certain feeling of passion or excitement that was once there no longer exists, is much less frequent than it was or far less intense?
One Woman's Frog is Another Woman's Prince. Moms, would you not jump at the opportunity to have some help on your end? It seems like some moms are only seeing that their ex-husbands are benefitting, and they're not.
The Nuances of Marital Agreements. A prenuptial agreement is what couples execute when they want to contemplate what will happen to their respective assets prior to getting married (in the event of a divorce). I am often asked
Essential Organizational Tips for the Single Mom. After being a single mom for almost nine years, I have plenty of tips and ideas on how to improve the quality of life for not only you, but the people around you.
Co-Parenting Across The Globe Led This Divorced Military Couple To Remarry (VIDEO). Parenting their children from different continents had improved the connection between the couple. \What we found was that
7 Reasons To Forgive The Other Woman. 7. And most importantly, no woman ever wants to be \the other woman\
Divorced Parents. By replacing old memories with the new, you can make the holidays special again for them. And if they do the same in their other parent's home, they can enjoy an even fuller experience of celebrating the holidays.
What If We Treated Marriage More Like The Contract It Is? \u2014 The Good Men Project. I\u2019ve been married twice, and both times I went into it with a lot of hope and enthusiasm.\u00a0 Both times, I planned to remain
Don't Believe in Divorce? Why It Doesn't Matter. I didn't believe in divorce either. I believed in commitment. In working things out. In staying together. However, my husband did not feel the same way.
The 'Hot' Splurge That Made Me Feel Attractive Post-Split. If there's ever a time you need a little distraction in your life, it's during the divorce process. That's why we launched
Who Gets the Family Dog After Divorce?. Do you refer to your devoted dog as if he or she is a highly adored member of the family? If so, you may be surprised to learn that most family law courts consider your Frisbee-catching canine to be classified as personal property.
How Can We Expect Congress to Do Any Better Than Our Divorced and Remarried Families?. In attempting to protect them from failure, we have eliminated opportunities for them to develop a healthy sense of self -- one cultivated through trial and error, hard work and by making a contribution to the communities of their family, friends and school.
Donut Shop's Divorce Advice? 'Don't Get A Divorce; Get A Donut'. Some of you might recognize the catchphrase and the donut shop itself from an episode of \Lopez Tonight.\ George Lopez is
The #1 Reason Angry Couples Stay Together. Have you ever observed a hostile couple and thought, why do they stay together?
Moving on and Moving Up. Moving on does not equate with quality of life. It simply means you are moving past the place you are currently in. People can move on but not always in a constructive way. Just getting on with your life is not enough if you want to really live your life and be happy in it.
Sex Survey Reveals What Men Lie About In Bed. And while more than half of respondents admitted they'd faked being in the mood while with their partner, it was men who
Dating After Divorce. Here are the reasons why if you make physical beauty your number one criteria in dating after divorce, you are missing out.
Real Talk On Raising An All-Boy Brady Bunch From A Mom Who's Been There. What have been some of the biggest hurdles your family has had to overcome? One of the biggest challenges we face is trying
Toto, I Don't Think We Are in Kansas Anymore!. But the other day in my inbox, I had an e-mail with the title, 'Life is Short -- Have an Affair.' And I have to admit, it threw me for a loop. The content of the e-mail was even more disturbing. Is that the best option available to unhappy couples?
Betrayed, Bamboozled and Broken. Let go of the \Ggrrr!\ (aka guilt, guilt, regret, regret regret). Don't get caught in the mental loop of \why me?\ It won't serve you here.
The Battle of the Broken-Hearted. When we determinedly look for something, we find it in reality or often through our perceived projections. We are quite adept at proving ourselves right. We are excellent at selecting the evidence needed to fulfill that which we believe to be true.
The Post-Divorce Dating Game. Because many women have been raised to think \catching a man\ is their top objective, women often approach dating as a prolonged marketing campaign. By spending your time trying to sell, you forget to consider whether you're interested in buying.
Couple Declares 'Matt And Jessica 4 Ever,' But 4 Ever Didn't Last. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Sure, it's a time-honored gesture of love, but as the
Obamacare Restrictions Lead Brooklyn Couple To Consider Divorce. NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) \u2014 From website crashes to long holds on calls, the issues involved with the unveiling of the Affordable
Jason Aldean Opens Up About Infidelity. He reiterated that to Roberts, saying, \The best thing that could have happened that night was ... they also took the pictures
Reconnecting With Children You Left Behind. Having grown up or cleaned up or moved past your anger or pain from the divorce, you can re-establish or create an important role in your child's life -- even many years later.
Stepmoms. Having to share your partner with another woman because he had a child with her can be difficult enough, but when that woman didn't seem to get the memo that they've divorced, it can send your internal threat meter into the red zone.
15 Things Bruce Jenner Can Do Now That He's A Single Man. 5. Drink more than two beers. 11. Save some money. 1. Watch TV at insane volume levels, without someone telling him to turn
Family & Food, Exodus = Genesis. My parents stayed unhappily married for 38 years, until my father died, and as my mother so inelegantly and bluntly put it shortly after his death, 'I wish he died 20 years before!' I so didn't want to be her, to look back on my life with regret.
4 Reasons You May Be Thriving in One-Sided Love Affairs. Unrequited love -- one of the most popular movie and novel themes -- has indeed been known to trigger extremely painful emotions.
Is Alimony Offensive to Today's Modern Woman or Modern Man?. Should the standard by which alimony is awarded be modified to more accurately reflect the new, modern gender-neutral couple?  Are the current, antiquated guidelines and decisions being made in the courts offensive?
10 Common Prenup Pitfalls. These are some of the most common pitfalls of a prenuptial agreement, but please remember it is not meant to serve as an exhaustive list. As always, seek the advice of a competent attorney before executing a prenuptial agreement.
Atheist Marriages May Last Longer Than Christian Ones. Conservative Christians think of themselves as the last line of defense for a time-honored and holy tradition, marriage. In
An Open Letter To Divorce Therapists. Do you think you are \helping\ clients by working to keep them together when it's obvious that their relationship is irreparable? Do you believe that if you learn more about divorce, that means you condone divorce?
Rediscovering Your Sexuality After Divorce. In the year or even years before the final split, sex took on an obligatory role. Now as the judge signs off on your divorce decree, you are left wondering if you will ever be interested in sex again
This Map Of U.S. Divorce Rates Shows Where Marriages Go To Die. Genetics, income levels, education -- these are only a handful of factors that studies say could influence a couple's risk
Divorce Parties, Jewelry. I have mixed feelings about these offerings but believe for some they can be useful tools for boosting self-esteem or telling the world you're ready to move on.  It depends on how you handle these resources and the intentions behind their use.
Aggressive Lawyering Is Counter-Productive. If clients stopped requesting and otherwise seeking out destructive lawyers who are making a tremendous amount of money doing nothing but wreaking havoc and destroying families among other things, the supply of such lawyers would decrease.
Don't Drink and Drive. Alcoholism can creep up on you, and then you end up with two problems
Portland Restaurant Offers A Cocktail Bitter Exes Will Love. In a direct appeal to resentful ex-husbands everywhere, Le Bistro Montage in Portland, Ore. is offering a very particular
3 Reasons Divorce Is Harder On Men Than Women. So what do you do? In order to rebuild confidence post-divorce, Denbaum suggests getting involved in a new activity or organization
How To Deal With Unwanted Divorce Advice. Family and friends love you and (generally) want what's best for you. But they are not divorce experts, and their incomplete
Lingerie Photos Land Drooling Husband In Hot Water. Tom liked what he saw, so he beelined to the comment section of the article to let readers know he found Brook \so sexy\ that
Stop and Smell the Roses. We need to try to be more like the children.  When things start going well with your ex, don't just assume the worst.
Overcoming Codependency. For many people, pain is what they know. Conflict is comfortable. Dealing with an unavailable, distant, or inappropriate partner is their wheelhouse. A partner who wants nothing more than to be with them and make them a top priority is alien.
Divorce Confidential. So is there anything you can do to avoid moving your negotiated divorce into a litigated one? Here are some simple pointers to keep in mind when you are about to enter into your settlement meeting.
How to Keep Ghosts From Marriages Past From Haunting your House This Holiday Season. Women who are not in relationships make easy prey.  They suddenly find themselves nostalgic for the time before their divorce when everyone was one big happy family.  If this describes you, black magic is playing tricks on your mind.  You weren't one big happy family.  That's why you got a divorce.
Are You Dealing With a Conflict Addict?. If you are reading this and realizing that YOU are the one who is causing your divorce to be high conflict, then I beg you to focus on the kids.
Requiem for a Heavyweight. A week before Guido's death on a Friday night he suddenly began shaking and was struggling to breathe.\u00a0He had a Do Not Resuscitate order so there would be no more harrowing trips to the emergency room.
Divorce Role Model. When you're slogging through a divorce sometimes it's hard to imagine what your future is going to look like. That uncertainty can breed anxiety -- and too much anxiety can hamper a healthy divorce recovery.
Divorce Diaries. I can't wait to wake up happy in my rented apartment that will be home, because that is where my kids are. That is where I will create new memories. That is where I will wake up happy. And that is what I call a dream home.
Kris Jenner Talks Bruce Jenner Split. The E! star sat down with friend Kathie Lee Gifford for Gifford's weekly podcast on Wednesday and gave some insight into
Researchers Draw Romantic Insights From Maps Of Facebook Networks. It\u2019s not in the stars after all. Instead, it seems, the shape of a person\u2019s social network is a powerful signal that can
Laura Wasser's Divorce Tips. Divorce lawyer to the stars Laura Wasser has a new book out with\u00a0 practical tips for people who are trying to disentangle
13 Frightening Former In-Law Stories, In Time For Halloween. Halloween may be coming up, but if you ask us, the ghosts and ghouls associated with the holiday have nothing on a bad set
The Unlikely Inspiration For Norway's Plan To Lower Divorce Rates. Science agrees. According to a New York Times report (based off a study done by social psychologist Arthur Aron), new experiences
How NOT To Ask For A Divorce, According To A Woman Who Lived It (VIDEO). There is no good way to tell someone you want a divorce -- but some ways are definitely worse than others. That lesson was
4 Ways to Move On After a Break Up. At this point, if it's truly over, you're going to need to take action.  There comes a day when we must put away the ice cream, wash our tear-stained faces and realize it's time to come to terms with the hard, cold fact that it's over and life must go on sans our pajamas.
5 Huge Lessons From Cancer and Divorce. I never had the intention or goal of being a \survivor.\ I only wanted to siphon what I could out of the devastation and disillusionment I was experiencing.
Celebrating Children's Birthdays. Birthdays become a source of contention for parents and sad realities for children. It doesn't have to be that way. I am sure you don't want to hurt your child. In fact, be proactive and think about what you can do to truly make a happy birthday for your child.
This Girlfriend Is A Little Too Excited About Couple's One-Week Anniversary. We might have to second that. Just imagine what this guy's girlfriend has up her sleeve for their one-month anniversary. \Run
5 Things To Consider Before You Say 'I Do' Again. For some reason your first marriage didn't work, out. Before you consider a second or third time around at Read more on www.today.com
'I Went To Breakfast With Friends While My Husband Was Served Divorce Papers'. Watch the clip above to find out happened when Fay returned home later that day, and check out the full segment here. The
This Restaurant Sign Knows Why You're Still Single. For those of you unfamiliar with El Arroyo, it's a Tex-Mex restaurant in downtown Austin renowned for its sassy signage. Notable
Marrying With Children. One of the hardest jobs to take on is becoming a step-parent. The job becomes even more difficult if this is your first foray into parenthood. If you've never had the responsibility of being a mom or dad, the prospect of becoming one as a step-parent can be a frightening one.
Important Distinctions Between Litigation and Mediation. Throughout the conference, the panelists kept reiterating that what occurs in court is state specific, \locale specific,\ and jurist specific. In other words, results vary from judge to judge based upon the judge's biases, beliefs, assumptions and values. I think this should really scare anyone and everyone.
Letter to My Kids Re. I don't want you to ever feel like you have to choose between your dad and me. We sit together at activities and have all eaten dinner together after basketball games -- not because we are all such good buddies, but because we all share something very important
Kanye West and Kim Kardashian. While empire-building and image are often on the forefront of the minds of celebrities, a messy divorce without an ironclad prenuptial agreement can be just as devastating to an empire built upon a sophisticated branding machine as a bad public relations move.
What It SHOULD Look Like. WE control how our children survive following a divorce.  You may call your friends and complain about how hard your divorce is, but the only true victims in divorce are the children.
Brutal Divorce Simulator Featuring Sandra Bullock Lets Those Lucky Enough Not to Have Experienced One Know How it Really Feels. Chances are at some point in your life you've had a friend or relative on the front lines of a brutal divorce.  If you've never been through your own brutal divorce, it might have been hard for you to relate.
How My Dad's Serial Marriage Affected Me. My biological parents divorced when I was under the age of two, and I have no real memories of them ever being together. Their
4 Reasons Why Delaying a Divorce Procedure Is Like Creating a Time Bomb. From the moment both spouses speak out the D-word openly, the timer starts to run. During the first days there will be a moment of stress, pain and panic, but in most cases both spouses often realize that breaking up in a positive way should be their joint goal.
5 Ways to Cut Costs During a Divorce. If your divorce is uncontested, billable hours are going to be greatly reduced, saving you substantial money on attorney's fees. Schedule some sit-down time with your spouse when the two of you can knock out the nuts and bolts of an agreement without the need for lawyers.
6 Little-Known Benefits Of Being Divorced. Written by Alexandra Churchill for YourTango.com 6. You'll Have An Easier Retirement As we've already mentioned, we rarely
The Monogamy Myth. Divorce is such an emotionally devastating, financially ruinous event that it might be wise to take a close look at its root cause -- marriage. Is it possible that monogamy is abnormal?
Clarifying Questions for the Newly Single Grey Divorce Set. With the surge of grey divorce there are a number of newly single over-40 men and women who are dating again for the first time in a while.
Should You Keep Your Ex's Last Name After Divorce? Readers Weigh In. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. \Traditionally, it\u2019s lady\u2019s choice for good reason,\ Galanes
'Our Hearts Expanded In Ways We Didn't Know Possible' When We Became A Stepfamily. As part of our Blended Family Friday series, each week we're spotlighting a different stepfamily to learn how they successfully
What's Next?. Divorce is a little like graduating from college. You move into a place for which you pay rent. You quickly lose some weight. You get new forms of identification. But mostly you are met with the question, \What's next?\
This Online Ad For A Dresser Is Bitter In The Best Way Possible (PHOTO). What's a guy to do when his ex-girlfriend leaves him with a piece of furniture that only takes up space and reminds him of
Man Allegedly Crashes SUV Into Home After Catching Wife Cheating (VIDEO). \[I] caught this on the way home from work,\ annahill3001 explained below the video. \Word is the man caught his wife cheating
Has Being Unfaithful Become Easier For Women?. John Major did it, Kristen Stewart did it, and Gwyneth Paltrow denied Vanity Fair's claims that she may have done it. Proof
The Broken Circle Project. I've just come across a new book, Broken Circle
Co-Parenting With My Husband's Ex-Wife. I really like my husband's ex, and I feel she really likes me, we aren't exactly friends, but we appreciate and respect one another. We are complete opposites.
Divorced People Sometimes Forget. I think what a lot of people forget when it comes to dating after divorce is, The Brady Bunch was a fictitious sitcom with two widows who found true love and a perfect life blending their families. Newsflash
Divorce Confidential. Whether you're involved in a negotiated divorce or a litigated one, there may come a point in time when an expert is needed to help resolve your case. The professional opinion provided by your expert is considered reliable testimony admissible on the record and in Court.
Katy Perry Admits She 'Really Loved' Being Married To Russell Brand. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. As for Perry, she may be inching closer to saying \I do
Virtual Online Dating...It's for Real (Sort of...). Technology has forever altered the way humankind interacts and virtual dating is a product of our techno-lives. Whether it will make \meeting\ a potential mate easier or not is a matter of opinion and personal choice. The dating world may have been completely changed for all of us..
10 Rom-Com Couples Who Probably Broke Up By Now. It's time for some real talk
The High Price Mothers Pay When Filing For Divorce. In many cases the safety of children gets lost in a variety of personal agendas, leaving the word \family\ in the phrase \Family Court\ to resemble more of the Sopranos than that of the Cleavers.
5 Ways You May Be Unwittingly Torpedoing Your Marriage. Before we begin predictions of how long Kim and Kanye's marriage will last, let's go over five blunders many married couples often struggle with that may unwittingly lead to divorce.
Prenuptial Agreements Are on the Rise, And More Women Are Requesting Them. According to a new survey of the American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers (AAML), 63 percent of divorce attorneys say they've
Why I Divorced My Husband Right Before My 50th Birthday. So did worry about my kids. I didn\u2019t have a lot of energy to give them in the early days after divorce, and they were resistant
Mediator as Truthsayer. The most important factor in mediation success and not allowing the mediator's \truth\ derail the process is that the mediator has respect for both clients.  This respect should be evident and actual -- demonstrated by words, listening, comments, and structure -- or else the moment of \truth\ might be too dangerous.
Dating Again After A Long Dry Spell? This Is What It's Like. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Inspired by Garth's real-talk on dating, we decided to
How Wall Street Could Profit From Cheating (on Spouses). The wizards of Wall Street never leave your side. They\u2019re on hand to make money off you at every stage of life \u2014 in sickness
What To Do When Your Partner Commits Financial Infidelity. The core of any marriage is trust. You are trusting virtually every aspect of your life to your partner, and you reasonably
The Remarriage Blueprint. A common way of picturing remarriage is as a freshly cleaned slate, a hope-filled new chance at happiness in a completely different relationship. The remarrying pair typically set out with a sense of optimism, a belief that this marriage will improve the quality not only of their own lives, but the lives of the children involved.
Kim Kardashian's Marriages. So will this third marriage be the charm for Kardashian? There's hope yet! The celebrities below all walked down the aisle
12 Terrible Pieces Of Marriage Advice. 11. \Stay with him...I have problems too, that's life. Marriage isn't fun.' In the end, I found out that he abused her psychologically
10 Text Messages That Will Get You Dumped. Everyone appreciates a sweet text message from their significant other. But sometimes, that message goes terribly, terribly
'Mocking Birds' by Caleb Penn and Jacob Breslauer. First and foremost, 'Mocking Birds,' is not autobiographical in its entirety but rather an amalgamation of stories that arose from a generation of broken homes.  The vast majority of my friends are from single parent households, in fact, I just assume most people I meet are children of divorcees.
This Is What You've Missed. If only it had lasted. If only I could have seen what was going on, if only you had been brave enough and kind enough to have talked to me about what you were feeling. What you were missing. What you were wanting.
Divorce Advice. I could possibly be the most sentimental person on the face of the earth, but I still look in that box every couple years, and while it makes me sad, it also puts a smile on my face and causes tears in my eyes.
How My Divorce Made Me A Better Mom. 3 Things to Tell Your Kids When You're Getting Divorced I would rather still be married. I know my ex would too. But he and
14 Silver Foxes We'd Just Like To Remind You Are Divorced (Or Soon-To-Be Divorced). Sean Connery? Taken. Ted Danson? Taken. John Slattery? Ugh -- he's taken, too. You might think that all the smokin' silver
Lindsey Vonn Trusts Tiger Woods Won't Cheat On Her. \Ah, I don\u2019t know. That\u2019s kind of a weird question,\ Vonn said. \But, aah, I mean, you have to trust the person that you\u2019re
The Best Budgeting Strategies For Single Parents - US News And World Report. There is one positive point about being a single parent and facing down a mountain of bills and a slew of budgetary choices
'Being A Stepmother Has Been More Gratifying Than I Would Have Ever Expected'. How long have you and your spouse been together? Joe and I have known each other since we were teenagers. He dated one of
'Divorce Court' Rap Is Not Something You See Everyday (VIDEO). We're used to watching ex-couples duke it out on \Divorce Court.\ What we're not used to is hearing them rap about their
This Is How To Be A Great BFF When Your Friend Gets Dumped. You can always count on your best friend to assure you that you can do so much better after someone dumps you. If he or she
Getting the Love We Want. While these differences may be slight and play themselves out in diverse ways, they can still impact the quality and outcome of a relationship. Studies show that socialization and brain chemistry have an impact on how relationship needs are expressed for both men and women.
Alimony Reform Laws Focus on the Exception to the Rule and to the Detriment of the American Family. The notion that permanent alimony should be abolished in all cases and that these women should just \go get a job\ ignores the reality that many women getting divorced today are simply unemployable and instead chose, or were asked, to forego employment to make significant contributions to the family unit, which enabled their husbands to achieve financial success.
What To Do When Your Ex Spoils Your Child. In the years that I\u2019ve spent writing about parenting, money and values, I\u2019ve wrestled with scores of challenging questions
Three Things NOT To Say To Someone Going Through A Divorce. Our twin boys recently started wearing their first pair of lace-up sneakers. Unfortunately, I have yet to find time to teach
Divorcing Women. Divorce marks the end of one chapter of your life and the beginning of another, and odds are, you\u2019ll look back at this time
This Autocorrect Fail Is Every Kid's Worst Nightmare. It's the text message no kid ever wants to receive. Luckily for the guy below, it was just a really bad autocorrect fail
7 Reasons I Don't Believe Rielle Hunter's Apology. I think I'm a minority judging by the comments commending her for her bravery. It's not that I don't believe people engaged in affairs cannot change, or deeply regret their behavior after some painful consequences. It's not that I don't think Other Women are beyond reach. It's that I don't find her remorse convincing.
Deep-Voiced Men Are More Attractive To Women, At Least When It Comes To Hooking Up. But don't go altering your voices just yet, guys
5 Reasons You'll Never Get Closure with Your Ex. Hannah writes of her own misguided efforts to find \closure\
The 5 Biggest Mistakes People Make When Considering a Divorce. Divorce is no walk in the park but there are things that you can do to make getting through this time easier and less painful, such as being aware of these five most common mistakes.
The Enlightened Spouse -- How Self-Growth Can Wreck a Marriage. One of the reasons that self-growth does not always result in better marriages is that it does not take place in the context of relationship.
These 21 Things Make You More Attractive To Potential Love Interests. There are a lot of people looking for love out there. So what's going to set you apart in the eyes of the single ladies and
This Cake Is Proof That Life Is Sweeter After A Split. You're flooded with every emotion in the book after divorce
Skeletons In My Closet. Are some secrets better left untold? One expert weighs in and real women confess what they hide. Read more on www.yourtango.com
Why Women Stay in Bad Marriages. Few people \want\ to get divorced. It can be incredibly difficult and painful. As a result, an extraordinary amount of women remain in marriages that are unhealthy and even border on dysfunctional.
Why Women Stay in Bad Marriages. Irrational fears and negative future fantasies can distort a woman's perceptions keeping her stuck in an unhealthy marriage. Using rationalization and denial, women convince themselves that their situation isn't really \that bad\ and end up staying too long.
Narcissistic Personality Disorder in the Family Court System. Why can't you both just get along for the sake of the children? Those words are like nails on a chalkboard to anyone who has been through a divorce with someone who suffers from Narcissistic Personality Disorder (NPD).
Secret Credit Card Spending And Divorce Linked In New Survey. But it wasn't all frivolous purchases the respondents were keeping under wraps. While 50 percent of the people confessed
For Better or Worse? Secret Divorce Regrets. Kris Jenner revealed this week that her one regret in life was divorcing Robert Kardashian. However, she adds that without the divorce, she wouldn't have her daughters Kendall and Kylie. Like Kris, a lot of people have divorce-related regrets.
Mick Jagger, 'War And Peace' And 6 Other Things That Will Get You Through A Split. If there's ever a time you need a little distraction in your life, it's during the divorce process. That's why we launched
Best Wine Label Ever Does Not Approve Of You Drunk Dialing Your Ex (PHOTO). This wine label is well aware of that. This wine label really, really doesn't want you to make that late night call
'When I Ponder A Peaceful Family Dynamic, I Can't Help But Laugh'. What do you and your spouse enjoy most about blended family life? Tim and I believe there are no limits to love, which always
Divorce Confidential. 3. Your attorney makes unilateral decisions without your input or approval
Handling Extra Difficult Situations. All breakups are difficult, but ending a marriage with someone who has a personality disorder or mental illness can put your divorce at the extreme end of the spectrum. And it's crazy-making.
Want To Marry A Millionaire? Survey Gives Insight Into Millionaires' Marriage Preferences. It was a different story for women on the site. A whopping 67.9 percent of divorced female millionaires said \no thanks\ to
Kris And Bruce Jenner Broke Up, But The World Doesn't Really Care. If you're the one person on earth who hasn't heard, Bruce Jenner and Kris Jenner announced Tuesday that they were separating
Finding Happiness After Divorce -- It Can Happen. Being an ex wife was very unexpected. I went into it kicking and screaming.  And drunk texting.  Oh-and a little bit of stalking.  To those going through it now I can tell you, you will survive.
Kenny Rogers Addresses Dolly Parton Affair Rumors (VIDEO). Rogers stopped by HuffPost Live Tuesday and told host Marc Lamont Hill that the affair rumors are just that -- rumors. Watch
How 48 Hours Saved My Family. The work is just beginning. I don't expect that our life together is going to be as smooth as the sheets at the Ritz or as
3 Co-Parenting Tips for a New and Improved Attitude. When dealing with joint custody each parent can be the dreaded finger pointer as well as the one the being pointed at. Stay mindful of the bigger picture, which is that every action you take, every mood you display, has an effect on your kids.
Best Dad Ever Shaves Leg To Show Tween How It's Done (PHOTO). Well, we've found an obvious frontrunner for dad of the year. Everyone needs a dad like this. \She was a little worried about
Jennifer Jason Leigh Officially Divorced From Director Noah Baumbach. Jennifer Jason Leigh\u00a0is officially a single white female. The actress and filmmaker Noah Baumbach finalized their divorce
The Benefits Of Couples Therapy After An Affair. The process of couples therapy is different in each situation but here's what you can expect
Awkward Ad Suggests First Comes Baby, Then Comes Divorce (PHOTO). Most experts agree that having a baby to save your marriage is a bad idea. H/T Reddit Most awkwardly placed ad ever. Keep
Maternal Me Vs. Sexual Sue. Before I went on a date, I needed a few things
Photos Of Marilyn Monroe During Divorce Show A Side Of The Actress You Haven't Seen. H/T Life.com Taken on October 6, 1954, the stark photos below show the legendary actress standing by silently, tears welling
Divorce Advice. If you loved someone enough at one time to marry him or her, you should be happy when that person finds happiness. It takes time, of course, but if find yourself there, you probably have a life that makes you really happy, and isn't that what we all want?
How To Get Over A Breakup, According To Our Favorite Movies & TV Shows. So you're newly single and not sure how to move on with your life. Not to worry, there's no better place to look than Hollywood
Katy Perry. Behind her colorful and bubbly pop personality, Katy Perry has had her share of relationship darkness and pain. She recently opened up about the devastating early days after her separation from outrageous comedian Russell Brand.
Men, Divorce, and Love. The truth is, I like being single and I certainly don't want to settle for someone unless I totally adore him and he totally adores me. I believe that is possible. I know that is what I would want next time around.
Cheating Study Reveals People Change Their Voice When Speaking To Lovers. How can you tell if your partner is cheating? This is not the first time that phone usage has been cited as a way to catch
11 Things No One Tells You About Single Parenting. When you suddenly find yourself raising your kids on your own, the impulse to read everything you can find on single parenting
Blended Family Friday. 4. Family matters
A Message From the Head of the Broken Heart Committee. You'd think within a world that gives us genius little smartphones and turn-by-turn navigation we'd have created some sort of community for the ones who just need to hear these words after their heart is gouged out, \Hey, you're here. You've arrived. Don't be ashamed. You're not alone, toots.\
The Road to Re-Partnering. Re-partnering can be a particularly frightening prospect after a divorce. Since the breakup, you've spent time on your own with no commitments or emotional ties to a partner, so venturing back into the marketplace might be overwhelming.
What's the Best Way to 'Win' an Argument?. While it may seem counter-intuitive, the most effective way to \win\ with respect to this common scenario of desiring more warmth and affection would sound something more like an effort to lose or to at least pitch to the other's strengths.
Meet The Adulterous Women On Ashley Madison. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. \I'm a dirty old man trapped in a woman's body,\ she says
Minivan Gets A 'Just Divorced' Makeover (PHOTO). Let's face it
Why Martha Stewart's Advice to Bethenny Is Wrong. Get through your divorce as best you can. Let the lawyers do the discussing because they aren't emotionally involved and can resolve your situation more quickly if you remain calm and focused on other things (like healing, your kids, and your new future).
Cheating Survey Finds That People Cheat With People Less Attractive Than Their Spouses. So why cheat at all? Men admitted that they found their mistresses to be more passionate, better listeners and more caring
The 'Our' Child. It eventually came to me the beauty of the titles Julian was given at birth.  Julian is actually \our\ child; he is our family's child that created the force to celebrate the time we get to all be together, even if it is only \half\ the time.
Standing Up, Walking Away and Surviving Divorce. Unfortunately, the dentist took this to mean that I was still feeling pain, and administered like 50 more Novacaine shots, making eating nearly impossible for the next two weeks.
Divorce Confidential. While some couples are able to pick-up and move forward after infidelity. Other marriages however, are not able to withstand unfaithful behavior and unfortunately, divorce is the only option.
Disney Princesses Who Would Probably Be Divorced By Now. Ariel and Eric from \The Little Mermaid\ \Ariel likes Prince Eric for the way he looks. Prince Eric likes Ariel for her voice
Divorce Can Have Serious Impact On Men's Health, New Research Finds. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. The paper, titled \The Influence of Divorce on Men's Health
Bar Offers Really Handy Service For Husbands Hiding From Their Wives (PHOTO). Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Here's a photo of the cheeky sign alicia686 spotted at
Don't Get Stuck With The Wrong Lawyer. The selection of a divorce attorney is crucial not only to the ultimate outcome of your case, but also to how your case progresses from start to finish in terms of stress for you and your children, cost, and length of time.
First Monday in October. With or without the Supreme Court's blessing, Americans on both sides of the same-sex marriage debate -- even while they deliberate -- can begin the process of healing now by taking the same high road of tolerance parents demand of their children.
The 7 Worst Pieces Of Marriage Advice. What's the worst advice for couples going through a divorce you've heard? Written by Jenny Erikson on CafeMom\u2019s blog, The
Wedding Planning. Don\u2019t even think about skipping it! But should you bring your kids? You\u2019re not obligated to do so. If you prefer, plan to
Emotional Infidelity. Are physical affairs bad? Of course they are. Anytime you break an agreement with your partner, you undermine the trust and
Divorce In Your 50s. Below, Skelly shares how she reacted when her husband told her he wanted a divorce a few years back -- and how she eventually
Extramarital Affair. When I was in my early twenties, I was out with friends and saw my cousin's husband out in a group. I noticed his reflection
Blended Family Friday. It's a scary, complicated thing, bringing together two families
Ex-Wife Trolls Former Husband With Vanity License Plate. If you've ever wondered what it looks like to troll your ex-husband after divorce, we now have photographic proof
Proof That Big Brothers Aren't So Bad After All (PHOTO). Sure, they left smelly socks all over the house after soccer practice and ratted you out to mom and dad when you went to
The Art of Finding Love As a Single Mom. Dating is an opportunity to ask for what you want, say what you're looking for (your purpose for dating), date lots of people (as many as you'd like), have fun and enjoy the process, have almost zero expectation, and remain unattached to the outcome.
Life After Divorce. When you're meeting a prospective new partner, look at his life experience, not his birth certificate. You can tell a lot more about a person by watching how they live their life, than you can from counting candles on a birthday cake.
Martha Stewart Gives Bethenny Frankel Divorce Advice. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. In the clip, Martha Stewart talks to Frankel about her
Post-Divorce Parenting. So, you got a divorce and now you have a raging case of parental guilt. You want to make up for the hell your kids have endured, but you're smart enough to know that buying them things is not the right way to go about it.
Man Cheats, Wife Goes Full Carrie Underwood On His Truck. Oh, and she took the liberty of sharing all of that with the community by writing it on your truck
Marriage Fraud. For Donna Andersen, who stopped by HuffPost Live on Wednesday, the answer was simple
How To Tell Your Family And Friends That You're Getting A Divorce (Hint. The Internet is an amazing place for brides-to-be. Most websites that aren\u2019t cats or porn are tips on how to have the perfect
Obamacare Winners. About 115,000 women lose their private health insurance every year in the wake of divorce, according to a study last year
Everything We Know About Love, We Learned From Liz Taylor. 3. DON'T steal your friend's husband. But if you do, be sure to patch things up with her. Sisters before misters! 8. DON'T
My Husband The Impostor. I still have days where I am desperately sad and hate the world, but the majority of my days are filled with the smiles and laughter that I thought I would never have again.
Cheater Meant To Text Mistress, But Texted Wife Instead (PHOTO). Word to the wise
The Best Way to Divorce?. I have seen scenarios that in the past would have taken twice as long, been absolutely hostile the whole way and cost each party loads of money, turn into situations where time, money and energy have been saved.
I Got Diagnosed With Cancer, And My Husband Didn't Care (VIDEO). How do you know when enough is enough? Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Watch the clip
Three Steps to Better Mental Health. One of the hardest parts about divorce is picking up the pieces after it's all over. Even the friendliest divorce (like mine) leaves you with all sorts of lingering issues related to relationships, love and commitment.
Lindsey Vonn, Tiger Woods' Kids Bond At Golf Event. \We talk golf after his golf rounds, but mostly I listen. We really are normal in that way,\ she said. \Lots of people go
Divorce Confidential. Recently, a client reminisced about her excruciating decision to divorce her husband. The couple had been married for almost 20 years and the thought of separating after years of marriage terrified her.
How to Be the Best Stepmom Ever. There is nothing quite like falling in love. It's a complete and total bonus when your relationship includes little ones you can fall in love with, too!
What I Learned While Having Lunch With Two Divorced Women. What happens to many people who are left by their spouses is that they end up realizing later that their ex-husband or ex-wife was right to leave, and that even though it was difficult, their life is better now.
10 Signs That You're A Stepmom. Despite the growing prevalence of blended families, step-mommying still manages to leave a bad taste in some people\u2019s mouths
Same-Sex Marriage Needs Same-Sex Divorce. The other day, a woman who wants a divorce called me. Which initially sounded fine, since that\u2019s what I do. But upon further
Millionaire Men Prefer To Date Women With Less Money. The site surveyed a random sample of nearly 15,000 of their members in order to discern what type of people millionaires
When I Couldn't Feed My Family. Eleven years ago, despite two advanced degrees and editing experience, I was scraping by, waiting tables a couple of nights
Jada Pinkett Smith Shares Relationship Advice On Facebook. Check out more relationship wisdom from Pinkett Smith and other celebs in the slideshow below. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost
Drake Sees His Ex Everywhere. This May Be The Best Thing Ever.. If there's one thing we know about Drake, it's that the 26-year-old rapper is not afraid of showing his emotions -- just
Will Arnett's Emmy Interview Turns Awkward Fast When Interviewer Asks About His Wife. Will Arnett and Amy Poehler broke our hearts when they announced they were divorcing after nine years together back in September
Male Sexuality May Explain Why Men Cheat More Than Women. When it came to self-control, there was no discernible difference between men and women. Paul Eastwick, the study's co-author
We'll Always Have Paris. Last month I got a new follower on Twitter. Since I'd joined over a year ago, 20 had trickled in and at that rate each gets special attention. Who? I wondered and peeked. Him?
3 Good Reasons the Ex-Wife Hates the Stepmother. If you talk to a divorced, remarried woman long enough, guaranteed you will hear about the new stepmother or the old wife.  It seems to come with the territory.  Tell someone who you are a stepmother and you will be asked how you get along with the ex within the first hour.
Divorce Care Package. If there's ever a time you need a little distraction in your life, it's during the divorce process. That's why we launched
My Younger Man. Before Nick, I never understood the Booty Call concept, and thought it was rather unseemly. But now I see the benefit to friends with benefits.
Cheating Problem. 11. \No, no good can come of it.\ - Barbara H. 9. \NO NO NO. If they ask, don't lie, but don't volunteer.\ -\u200f@southerner09
Blended Family Friday. What makes you proudest of your family? I'm proudest of how loving and accepting our children have all been of each other
Is Infidelity A Societal Problem?. So why is it just an individual's problem? If so many are getting some on the side, isn't infidelity a societal problem? What
Divorce Study Shows That Unreasonable Behavior Ends More Marriages Than Infidelity. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. The researchers looked at over 5 million U.K. divorce
Bryan Cranston Marriage. \I don't believe there's just one person for you,\ he said. \And quite frankly, love among adults is conditional. 'We're
Britney Spears. The pop star told Ryan Seacrest Friday morning that it was her breakup with fianc\u00e9 Jason Trawick in January that motivated
Should You Divorce Your Spouse For Your Lover? Consider This First. That's it. You've decided you're leaving today to be with your soulmate. Never again will you settle for the dreary, disconnected
David Tutera Divorce. Tutera isn't the first celeb to be involved in a custody battle. Click through the slideshow below to read about some of
Stepparent Problems. Stepparents can't seem to win. From dealing with biological parents who argue about overstepped boundaries to answering others
Jewelry Store's Sign About Diamonds Is The Definition Of Obnoxious (PHOTO). That's the disappointing logic one jewelry store put to use in the promotional sign below, shared by Instagram user littleblacksuit
Terry McMillan. \The bottom line is he made me feel beautiful, he loved me, and the yardstick that I would use for other men would have to
Whose Divorce Is It, Anyway?. Unless there are very clear reasons why you cannot remain on good terms with the Other Parent (OP) of your grandchildren, try to stay neutral in the separation.
How to Make Your Next Marriage the Best One (and the Last One). Having the ultimate marriage is entirely possible. Once your heart and soul is awakened to that fact, there will be no stopping you.
The Single Mother's Guide to Dating. Falling in love as a single mother ceases to be a simple act. If you're lucky enough to find yourself in that position, it not only involves two hearts -- now there are three or more to consider in the equation.
You Should Forgive Your Ex -- What?!. This past weekend was Yom Kippur, the Jewish holiday also known as the day of atonement. What that means to Jewish people is that this is our time to repent and ask God for forgiveness for our sins.
Single Dad Enlists The Melbourne Demons Football Club For The Ultimate Birthday Gift. This might just be the most heartwarming thing you see all day. Adelaide resident Sam Arnold is a single dad to an adorable
High School Sweethearts Reunite After 30 Years Apart. The high school sweethearts now live together and plan to marry -- and McGurk is still writing love letters. Men, listen
Weight Loss After Divorce. (Story continues below) Before weight
Would You Reconnect With a Terminally Ill Ex?. Life unfolds, regardless. Years accumulate, whether we grow or heal, or not. And the things that we can't make peace with, we just learn to live with. Or put way up high and in the back on the \forget or deny\ shelf.
Jeff Bridges' Marriage Advice. When asked about what a man in a relationship should do if he has the desire to stray from his partner, Bridges took a surprisingly
Divorcing Women. Part of the divorce process is figuring out how you\u2019re going to pay for things until your divorce settlement is finalized
How I Learned To Take The 'Step' Out Of My Stepfamily. It took a very long time and an entire childhood for me to erase the line between family and stepfamily. I never thought
What The Parenting Books Don't Tell You. My schedule has been super wonky lately -- between work and travel plans and appointments and whatnot, I am feeling way out
Single Life. Yep, every third full week of September is set aside to celebrate all the single ladies and single guys, according to the
Single Mothers Are Narrowing The Happiness Gap, Study Finds. Looking at data from the General Social Survey, which tracked Americans' self-reported happiness from 1972-2008, researchers
In a Marriage, Is Silence Golden or Deadly?. Before you start writing us off -- and taking bets on who will get to keep the house (FYI -- my husband says he will be buried in our house) here are my thoughts on the all-important \is silence golden or deadly to your relationship?\ debate:
Navigating Loyalty in Divorce. Helping kids stay loyal to both parents might be the single most important thing divorcing parents can do.
Attorney's Take on Divorce in the U.S.. These high divorce rates present a big concern; not only for the emotional anguish a divorce creates, especially if there are children involved, but the financial consequences can be devastating.
Divorce Cake With 'Free At Last' Written On It Is Anything But Subtle (PHOTO). It's always nice when your co-workers are thoughtful enough to bring in cake for your birthday, but you know you've got a
Single Mom Sex-Candy on the Side. Single moms have the opportunity to date for a variety of reasons. One is in the hopes of finding a better match the second (or more) time around. No doubt. But another, equally as valid a reason, is for a little ego boosting, physically satisfying sex-candy on the side.
Life After Divorce. The bottom line is, letting go of someone you love sucks. It's devastating to think about all those years you've invested
Single Mom's Family Decal Is The Most Ridiculous Thing We've Seen All Day (PHOTO). Talk about TMI. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Late last week, Imgur user shannonbtweet
Divorce Recovery Lies People Tell You Post-Split. Be honest
Bar Offers Beer As 'Cold As Your Ex's Heart,' According To Sign Outside (PHOTO). We're not expecting literary greatness from bar signs, but if you've even been through a rough breakup, you'll agree that
Blended Family Friday. What are some of the challenges you've all encountered as a blended family? One ongoing challenge of our blended family is
Single White Male Seeks Credit Worthy Soul Mate. Financial incompatibility is a leading cause of divorce and breakups. It therefore makes sense to try to ensure early on, that a couple shares similar financial values and habits. For many, the scope of this evaluation has been distilled into one central question
Cohabitation With Children. What are your motivations for living together? If you want to develop a deeper bond, and most significantly, you see cohabitation as a step toward marriage, having differing expectations may be a problem.
Divorce Advice. Do they love him more? Is he more fun? Would they rather be there than at my house? These were all questions running through my mind. I was angry at them, angry at my ex, and angry at the world. I was bitter and wished I wasn't divorced.
Funny Classified Ad For Divorce Furniture Sale Is A Must-See PHOTO). Click through the slideshow below for more outrageous classified ads. This divorc\u00e9e's loss is your gain, we guess! It's not
Amy Poehler's \Simpsons\ Character And 7 Other Memorable TV Ex-Wives. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. The show's executive producer Al Jean told Entertainment
Male Orgasm. According to a new survey by datingadvice.com, one in four men have faked an orgasm. What's more, of 1,080 men polled, divorc\u00e9s
What Your Married Friends Think While You're Divorcing. Your married friends are probably fearful they will \end up like you\ and they just might. This thought, brought on by your divorce, can be overwhelming. It's easier to keep you in your place and even at arm's length rather than contemplate the future.
Relationship Study Shows That Men Are More Likely To Look Through Their Partner's Phone. And while men were more likely to look through a partner's phone, women are more likely to actually confront a significant
Tractor Magazine Makes Us Think Restoring A Tractor Is Really, Really Bad For Your Marriage (PHOTO). (h/t Instagram user bensardeson11) You've been warned, tractor hobbyists. Lovingly restore that old tractor at your own risk
Funny Vanity Plate Shows What Winning A Divorce Looks Like (PHOTO). \To the victor go the spoils,\ the saying goes. If that's the case, the Canadian woman cruising around in this yellow Mustang
Laura Dern, Ben Harper Divorce Is Finalized. Laura Dern and Ben Harper are officially divorced, according to reports from TMZ. Harper and Dern met in 2000, while he was
Clint Eastwood's Wife Dina Eastwood Files For Legal Separation In California. Eastwood was married to Maggie Johnson for more than 30 years and had a long-term relationship with actress Sondra Locke
Where's Mommy?. I think I started this journey at rock bottom as a dad, and through this last year I have learned a lot, about my boys, life, and what it means to be a good dad.
Single Parenting. When you're a single parent juggling the demands of work, home, and family, life can be hectic -- and that's an understatement
Dating After Divorce. What other rules should you follow for dating after divorce? Ask him out. Some women still refuse to do this, but it's the
Man's Breast Friend. Here is the troubling news for the husbands who bought their soon-to-be-ex-wives a new set of buns, breasts or lips
Holidays Are Over and so Is Your Marriage, Too.... In many cases the wish to divorce doesn't come as a big surprise. Couples know that their relationship isn't really working anymore, but sometimes they see their holiday as a final test to be certain of their decision to split up or can we still make it work.
Marriage Problems That Lead To Divorce After Decades. According to Horwich, individuals may feel the need to take on a new path in mid-life. Many of us begin to face the eventual
Can Taking a Timeout Save Your Marriage?. Michael Douglas and Catherine Zeta-Jones have decided to take some time apart.  While a divorce could be in their future, they are apparently taking a moment to themselves to see if that is where they want to go.
Divorce Cake Shows Exactly What One Woman Thinks Of Her Ex. Click through the slideshow below to see even more divorce cakes. Check it out, courtesy of Instagram user esamamiloka
Mama, Don't Let Your Babies Grow Up to Be Housewives. Women like me didn't make an agonizing choice between a high-paying, satisfying career and motherhood. Women like me, we basically went from friends to parenthood. Some of us have degrees, some of us never finished college. Some of us never started.
How Our Schools Can Better Serve Children of Divorce. As the new school year gets underway across the country, it's time once again for students to take out paper and pencil and explain to their teachers all that's happened in their lives since the end of June.
Dating After Divorce. But according to Adelle Waldman, author of \The Love Affairs of Nathaniel P,\ dating a variety of men can actually teach
How to Deal With Your Ex at Your Children's Special Events. Does the very thought of seeing your ex at your child's special events make you so angry you'd rather  make an appearance at traffic court?
Divorce's Rise In Emerging Economies Helps Women Get Ahead. A little-noticed trend is spreading in many of the world\u2019s emerging economies
Mum And Dad Are Splitting Up. My parents divorced when I was three. I\u2019m not sure why, although I suspect they were just incompatible. My dad was charmingly
Blended Family Friday. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. What's the best thing about being part of a blended family
Weird Divorce Story. The parish community is saddened that a sole individual would continue personal, inappropriate attacks harassing visitors
Dating After Divorce. Watch the video above for more tips on first and second dates (and check out the full segment here). Then click through the
Divorce Rate By State. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Wondering about the divorce rate in your state? Look no
5 Ways to Survive Cuffing Season. Instead of just ignoring cuffing season and suffering through, or, even worse, responding to one of those \Hey girl\ texts from your college boyfriend or the guy you saw at your high school reunion who you know it didn't work out with before, here are some ways to survive cuffing season with your heart and your morale intact.
Parenting After Divorce. Inspired by Sedecca's lesson in positive post-divorce parenting, we asked our readers on Facebook and Twitter to share with
Funny Divorce Bumper Sticker Tells It Like It Is (PHOTO). Click through the slideshow below for more bumper stickers from around the web, then head to the comments and tell us about
Relationship Advice. Everyone fights. If a person claims he or she never argues in their relationship they are either lying or they are lying. Disagreeing and arguing and fighting in your relationship is inevitable.
7 Tips on How to Share Friends After a Divorce. Divorce lawyers work hard to split assets fairly after a marriage ends. But there's one valuable part of a couple's life that's hard to split and that is their shared friends. Friends often feel they have to choose one over the other
Going Through A Divorce? 3 Common Fears And How To Eliminate Them. Divorce can feel like a full-time job. It can be all-consuming, affecting every aspect of your life. Between the (sometimes
Should You Tell Your Child Why You Are Splitting Up?. \I'd like to know\u2026 I want to know if there's maybe another reason, an underlying problem or something,\ says 17-year-old
Bethenny Frankel Says Marriage Is Not On Her Radar. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Frankel also opened up about her life as a single mom
Knitting Book Is A Sure-Fire Way To End Your Relationship (PHOTO). We're not sure who OKed the title and cover art for the knitting book below, but he or she clearly had designs to destroy
The D-Spot. The year my husband swore off women, was the year that I discovered them. Women were my salvation. They took me out. They bought me drinks. They fed my stomach and my soul.
Bethenny Frankel Divorce. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Frankel revealed that she wants to use her new talk show
Sergey Brin, Google Co-Founder And Wife Ann Wojcicki Confirm Their Separation. Click through the slideshow below to see which other billionaires have divorced their spouses. Rupert Murdoch, who is ranked
The Mysterious And Alarming Rise Of Single Parenthood In America. You probably remember the headlines about \u201cBreadwinner Moms\u201d a few months ago. The Pew Center had published a report finding
How Multitasking On Mobile Affects Children Of Divorce. Every time we confront a new realm of technology we\u2019re unable to multitask with \u2014 like tablet or mobile computing \u2014 we seek
Five Things Women Can Do Today to Move Past Divorce. I know it sounds trite, but now you have the freedom to be you and to let it reflect in your home, surroundings and daily activities. Embrace it, run with it and most of all enjoy it.
Friends With Your Ex-In-Laws? These 6 Women Prove It's Possible. \My ex's mom and I started out total enemies then became as close as mother and daughter after the marriage. She didn't speak
'My Ex-Wife Had A Better Lawyer' Sign Is Proof Your Divorce Could Have Been A Lot Worse (PHOTO). You may feel like you got a raw deal in your divorce settlement, but here's one guy who had it a lot worse. Take a look at
Military Divorce Risk Increases With Lengthy Deployments. The study used information from 462,444 enlisted service members who got married while serving in the military between March
Doesn't Parenting Impact the Learning Process?. If parents don't know how to discipline their own children, that is a parenting issue, not a teaching issue.
5 Reasons Longer Marriages Produce Red Flag Daters. In the middle of enjoying a dinner with a male friend recently, all of a sudden the mood shifted when he asked in a terse tone, \So what's the longest relationship you've ever been in?\
Top 3 Tips To Avoid a 'Mean Girl' Style Divorce. Have you been in a legal battle with a \mean girl\? In retrospect, did you fail to hear her before the fight spiraled?
Three Keys to More Positive Parenting (and a Happier You) After Divorce. Parenting during and after divorce can be complex, frustrating and confusing. However, every day parents around the world are coping with the challenges and raising happy, well-adjusted children.
Flirting With Disaster. If you want to act like you're single, don't be married. If you're married, don't act like you're single. Like I said, it really is that simple.
Yom Kippur, Divorce, and Three Little Words. On Yom Kippur, we are instructed to seek atonement from those we have wronged... those who we have intentionally or unintentionally transgressed... so that we are assured a blessing in the Book of Life.
How To Start Online Dating After Divorce. Online dating. It can be a full time job. In fact, to make sure you are doing it right, it almost has to be. Though, if you are recently divorced and you want to get back out and date or at least meet some good people, it can be a great way to connect.
Life After Divorce. I'm so glad I made that list and followed through with it. I'm glad I didn't wallow in denial -- or in false hope. Some might
Funny Divorce Photo. During divorce proceedings, it's common for former spouses to divide their assets 50-50. But one divorc\u00e9 took that task a
Divorce Cake Is The Most Ridiculous Thing We've Seen All Day (PHOTO). Sure it's extreme, but it's not the most ridiculous divorce cake we've ever seen. Click through the slideshow below for 10
'Come In And Meet Your Future Ex-Wife'  Bar Sign Is Romantic, If You've Had Enough To Drink (PHOTO). Frequenting a local bar to find love gets a bad rap, but you never know
'Real Housewives' Divorce. Maloof and Nassif filed for divorce in August 2012 after announcing their separation one month earlier. They reached an initial
Lindsey Vonn, Tiger Woods Will Not Get Married, Says Vonn. And although Vonn has made it clear that she won't be marrying Woods, she did compare their relationship to one between a
Want an Easier Divorce? 15 Ways to Take the High Road!. As we all know, dealing with an ex is no piece of cake. Things are constantly changing in both yours and your ex's life, and issues come up.
Blended Family Friday. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Click through the slideshow below the see photos of Justin's
The Tell-all Memoir I Decided Not To Tell. I read the email between my two teaching periods at the University of Arizona. \u201cEmily,\u201d it said, \u201cwe got the offer.\u201d I was
Dina Eastwood And Clint Eastwood Separating After 17 Years Together. Clint Eastwood and his wife aren't the first celebs to call it quits after a long marriage. Click through the slideshow below
Catherine Zeta-Jones Is Spending Time Apart From Michael Douglas, But Will That Work?. \A break\? Blame it on all the \Friends\ episodes we've watched, but \taking a break\ doesn't sound nearly as cut-and-dried
Funny Divorce Photo. It's long been a tradition for couples to hop into decorated cars after their wedding to announce that they're \just married
My Friends Are Getting Divorced. I Don't Want To Choose Sides. Help!. My friends are getting a divorce and I\u2019m afraid I\u2019ll be caught in the middle. Even though I didn\u2019t initially know my girlfriend\u2019s
5 Potential Pitfalls Of An Uncontested Divorce. Divorce can often be complicated, but for some couples, a more streamlined, uncontested divorce may be an attractive option
Single Dad's Daughter Plays Wingman With This Adorable Note (PHOTO). \Saw this on my FB feed,\ Redditor moodysimon explained
How to Stop Your Husband From Straying. 4). Be confident in who you are as a person and know your values. Don't allow yourself to be a push over. Demand respect.
Men After Divorce Are More Likely To Live In Single-Person Households. According to new Census data, more American men are living alone than ever before -- and the rising divorce rate could be
Mothers and Daughters. You will always be a model for your daughter. But in order to find her way, she'll need to question your decisions and personality at times.
This Toilet Paper Slight Is Totally Grounds For Divorce (PHOTO). Apparently, someone didn't get the memo. Redditor whitimus posted this photo of her spouse's regular household crime
Divorcing at Dude Ranches. The year was 1951. Right at the time that many associate with Leave it to Beaver and postwar domestic bliss, Marilu Norden's married life was shattered.
Why Where You Divorce Matters. Where you divorce matters. Each state has its own unique rules governing the allocation of assets during the divorce process, and these rules can vary significantly.
On This Day In History. It was the divorce that stunned the world
Cheating Husbands' Favorite Beer Revealed. Click through the slideshow below to see the five beers most loved by cheating men. Illicit Encounters, a U.K.-based dating
7-Year-Old Gives Best Advice On Why Not To Get Married (VIDEO). This footage from the 1964 film in \The Up Series\ shows how some kids have all the answers. This young man makes a very
Weird Divorce Story. According to the Daily Courier, the unnamed man blames his ex-wife for the bunny's disappearance. The animal, worth $25 according
'Woman In Red' Actress Kelly LeBrock Opens Up About Painful Divorce From Steven Seagal. LeBrock, who was previously married to the producer of \The Woman In Red,\ Victor Drai, from 1984 to 1986, briefly returned
10 Things Your Spouse Won't Tell You. About 15% of married Americans admit they\u2019ve had an extramarital affair \u2014 a rate that\u2019s stayed relatively steady for the
The Economic Crisis Makes Infidelity Too Expensive. The holiday month of August used to be a time for Italian men to stay in Rome while their wives went off to the seaside, kids
Jail Becomes Home For Husband Stuck With Lifetime Alimony. Ari Schochet has grown so accustomed to being sent to jail for missing alimony payments that he goes into a routine. Before
RS Approves Bill To Make Divorce Friendly For Women. Rajya Sabha on Monday approved a proposal to make divorce friendly for women as it provides for the wife getting share in
Divorce Movies Our Readers Love (VIDEOS). Divorce isn't an experience we'd wish on anybody, but there's something eminently watchable about seeing a couple split up
Divorce Study Identifies Who Is Most At Risk For Post-Divorce Depression. New research suggests that divorce doesn't necessarily trigger depression. Lead researcher David Sbarra of the University
How to Prevent an Unhealthy 'Second-Act'... Marriage II Pointers. In a healthy partnership, it takes three to tango -- two \I's\ and a \we.\ The notion of \we\ is talked about all the time, but often the strength of the \I's\ are overlooked.
Is Forever Feasible?. Despite news reports that marriage is in deep trouble in the U.S., Brigham Young University Professor Alan J. Hawkins says that marriage is not dead.
Coming Out in Truth and Laughter. He said, \What is it?\ What he meant was What's wrong with you? Why is everything I do wrong? Why don't we laugh anymore?
Using Mediation to Keep Your Cool During Divorce and Beyond. While most people believe a finalized divorce means no more negotiations, there will always be unforeseen circumstances that arise after the divorce. As children develop, new issues need to be dealt with.
Woman Buys Soon-To-Be-Ex-Husband A Sweet Birthday Cake (PHOTO). Who says you can't remain friendly with your ex after a split? Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and
Bethenny Frankel Divorce. Has Bethenny Frankel's divorce left her feeling bitter toward men? The star is certainly not the first member of the \Real
Divorce T-Shirt Offers Some Real Talk On Marriage (PHOTO). Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Sometimes a statement t-shirt is a little too honest. Take
Another Post-Divorce First. You don't have to go to \single friendly places.\ It may be fun to try them out or go to a traditional spa, but there is nothing wrong with planning a real vacation for yourself. Go to Europe, take a cruise, hit the slopes or drive along the coast.
5 Reasons Sex on a First Date Is a Bad Idea. Let's say you sleep with someone on a first date and then you don't hear from him? Or if you are the guy, what if you call and she doesn't return your call? If you've slept with that person, you will feel so much worse!
Divorce Sale Probably Isn't Going To Go Over Well With This Person's Ex (PHOTO). So what do you do when the cost of divorce really starts to get you down? If you're the person who posted the sign below
Lawyers Fail to Give Clients All Options Available for Resolving Conflict. As I like to remind people, you can only give what you have and teach what you know. If the legal community won't embrace ADR, maybe an educated public can force the issue.
How Couples Can Get to Divorce -- Real Fast!. The path to meaningful connection and growth over time -- as opposed to the businesslike, roommate-like relationship that many couples settle into -- isn't easy.
Lessons I Learned From My Parents. The next lesson I learned was that the concept of the 'evil stepmother' developed for good reason. Unfortunately, there is an inherent conflict of interest between a new spouse and children from a prior marriage or relationship.
Thank You, G-D, for This Hellish Divorce and All the Crap That Goes Along With It. My divorce was a nightmare and I wouldn't wish anyone the hell I went through, but you know what? It made me stronger. It made me stand up to my ex and state my desires.
Divorce Advice You Need To Hear, According To Readers. When the divorce process has you stressed out, few things are more appreciated than some well-timed advice from a trusted
Divorce Lawyer Has A Buy One, Get One Half Off Deal (PHOTO). Looking to get divorced on the cheap? Have we got a deal for you. Last week, we stumbled upon the ad Georgia attorney Sean
Divorce Vacation Service Brings Newly Single Women To Vegas. Williams' divorce getaway certainly isn't the first vacation package geared toward divorcees. Montreal VIP has a divorce
Jane Lynch Divorce. Lynch filed for divorce from Embry in July 2013, just a month after announcing the end of their relationship. In the filing
Monica Bellucci, Vincent Cassel To Divorce After 14 Years. In the past, Bellucci has spoken out about fidelity, reportedly saying that it would be ridiculous for her to ask her husband
Stephen Hawking Documentary Recognizes His First Wife's Life-Saving Presence. That's one of the big takeaways from the forthcoming documentary, \Hawking,\ about the scientist's life. Stephen Hawking
Divorce Advice For A Dollar? We'll Take It! (PHOTO). The best divorce advice can often be found in the most unlikely places. Take, for example, these coffee mugs, discovered
Marriage Secret. How do we know? We stumbled across their confessions on Whisper, a free mobile app that allows users to anonymously share
The Non-Existent Sibling in U.S. Family Law. Legislation to allow for siblings to seek partial custody or visitation when appropriate is a natural extension of the overwhelming scientific evidence highlighting the critical and unmatched role played by siblings throughout life.
Good Advice For The Cheating Husband. Finally, if you are not committed to saving your marriage with all your heart and soul, or if there is even an inkling in your heart that you may continue seeing this other woman, leave.
Divorce Financial Planner. Divorce can feel like a full time job. Between the (sometimes) contentious texts with your ex-partner, phone calls to your
Funny Divorce Ad. Looks like one biker's wild ways are catching up with him. Last week, Instagram user darth_baal spotted this ad in the Indiana
5 Reasons This Single Mom Won't Be Going On Match.com. Ever since the ex and I split, I've been dreading my post-divorce match.com profile as if it were an inevitable thing. After
M.I.A. Breakup Song. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. M.I.A. released a new song from her forthcoming album
Marriage Advice From This Divorced Man Is A Must-Read. Head over to Facebook to read the full list, then tell us what you think of the hard-won advice in the comments. Keep in
Divorce Study Finds That A Fifth Of U.K. Parents Consider Divorce After Summer Break. One reason that summer vacation may breed relationship dissatisfaction? The financial stress that comes with having children
Dan Auerbach Of The Black Keys Finalizes Divorce, Gives Up Bob Dylan's Hair In Settlement. The Black Keys singer Dan Auerbach finalized his divorce from Stephanie Gonis earlier this week, and their settlement includes
10 Reasons You Should Be Grateful You Dumped or Were Dumped. You learned, while being in that relationship, that someone else's constant sense of suspicion is capable of eroding your own sense of trust and self-worth to the point where you doubt your sanity as well as your integrity.
Getting Over A Breakup Is Easier With Mom's Long-Distance Care Package (PHOTO). So sweet! And of course the bread is 100 percent whole wheat -- that's such a mom move. And sure, her phone calls, texts
Nicole Kidman Divorce. Nicole Kidman has previously spoken about how her divorce from Tom Cruise in 2001 was \a shock to [her] system\, and that
Gentlemen. Gentlemen, let me confirm what you have long suspected
How to Announce Divorce, Hollywood-Style. It's one thing to live through the trauma of a break-up, it's quite another to have to relive it again and again every time you run into someone. Wouldn't it be nice if we could just send out some kind of divorce announcement and just get it done with all at once?
How Social Media Can Affect Your Divorce. Every so often a topic arises which isn\u2019t, strictly speaking, in the financial realm I usually discuss, but nevertheless
After An Affair, Should You Confront The Other Woman Or Man?. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. After discovering that your spouse has been cheating on
5 Overlooked Ways to Deal With Divorce. Therapy, medication, working out, sleep, meditation, yoga, massage -- these are useful in helping you deal with stress but their benefits are ephemeral and do not propel your situation forward.
Let's Talk About Depression (Again). When you are depressed and someone tells you \but life is going to be AMAZING\ you can't see it. It's not that you don't believe it. You do. You really, really do. But it doesn't matter. It's not right now. It's like telling someone with a broken arm \hey, one day it's going to not be broken.\
Celebrity Divorce. Sure, Hollywood is filled with on-again, off-again relationships, but some stars take that to a whole new level. The celebs
How My Divorce Was Empowering. A week after my youngest child was born I learned some devastating facts about my marriage which were about to turn my world upside down. But, 17 years later my world is not only sunny-side up but a whole lot brighter.
A Year's Journey. My boyfriend James and I were hiking up to the summit of Mount Baldy, elevation 10,064 feet a couple of weeks ago. The rocky knoll ahead of us seemed insurmountable.
Tim Duncan Divorce Finalized In Secret Hearing. The NBA star's divorce has been in the public eye since his estranged wife, Amy Duncan, filed for divorce in March 2013. Tabloid
Kelly Clarkson's Marriage Will Officially Make Her A Stepmom. \I have a 12-year-old and a 6-year-old now ... after being single for six years,\ she said. \We all live together and everything
Life After Divorce. We have to admit, we're big fans of good reads about crumbling marriages here at HuffPost Divorce, from \Who's Afraid of
Police Kindness. Officer Conticelli and his lieutenant bought the boy shoes and clothes and got the Bakers some donated items from a local
The Futility of Confronting Affair Partners. If someone wants to engage in an affair, or leave you for an affair partner, no amount of rational argument is going to sway them otherwise. Don't hector, beg, or argue. Just remove yourself from the equation.
Breakup Excuses Translated Into What They REALLY Mean (PHOTO). Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. \It's not you, it's me.\ \We're at different points in
Gamer Cheats On Wife, Then Gets Owned In The Most Appropriate Way Ever. Gamer guy meets gamer girl online. They bond over their shared hobby and romance eventually blossoms. The only problem? The
Cheating Spouses' Top Affair Anthems Revealed. The site surveyed its 17,000-plus active users over a month-long period to see which 10 songs, out of a list of 100, most
Jada Pinkett Smith's Divorce Advice Shared On Her Facebook Page. Ever the Facebook enthusiast, Jada Pinkett Smith took to the social network late Wednesday night to offer some advice to
Dating After Divorce. Dating again after divorce and worried that you have little to offer? We're sure you're selling yourself way too short -- and
Mayim Bialik. She went on to say that attachment parenting may have actually helped her two sons cope with her divorce. \I think in a positive
Cheating Women Expect To Be Spoiled By Their Affair Partners, According To New Survey. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. What do cheating men and women expect from their affair
Marriage Advice. Her current husband, Danny Kofoed, said that when they were dating, they discussed the two or three most important, non-negotiable
Breakup Reasons So Bad, You'll Miss 'It's Not You, It's Me'. Think your ex broke up with you in the coldest way possible? It could have been a lot worse, believe it or not. Last week
Marriage Alternative 'Wedlease' Generating Buzz, Criticism. Watch the video above for more on \wedleases,\ then click through the slideshow below for celebrities who have spoken out
Tips to Help Children Through Divorce. Divorce can be difficult for both parents and children. For children who are between the ages of 9 and 12 -- a stage in which children may already be dealing with their own emotional, physical and mental growth changes -- here are some tips that can help.
7 Tips to Avoiding a Disastrous Divorce. Since a litigated divorce is mentally overwhelming, you could unwittingly fall victim to these behaviors which would ensure that you would only view your divorce with regrets. By simply being aware of what not to do, you can steer clear of these mistakes.
Generation X Heading For A Midlife Crisis? Maybe Not, And Here's Why (VIDEO). Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Watch the clip above to hear more from Thomas (and check
Get Out of the Race and on the Roller Coaster to Divorce Recovery. If you are divorced, or in the process, BEWARE! Not of your ex-spouse, but of self-help \gurus\ promising you a quick fix or time limited recovery program guaranteed to get you over the heartbreak of divorce.
The One Thing a Divorced Parent Needs to Know Before School Starts. Divorce can often lead to a situation where the parents of children have a difficult time communicating with each other.\u00a0 Many times this leads to one parent being denied access to the information provided by the children's schools.
Can Social Media Be Your Friend During a Divorce?. Those who deal in matters of divorce are starting to find Facebook, Skype and other forms of social media can actually be used for the benefit of both parties involved. Here are just a some examples of how logging on can become an asset for divorcees.
After An Affair. \I think we both want the same thing, which is to work through this together. It'll be really important in helping ease my
Stick Figure Decal Clearly States Relationship Status (PHOTO). Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Sure, he could have stripped the decal off entirely after
Divorce Party T-Shirt Makes A Great Party Favor (PHOTO). Hey, props to Taylor for creating a commemorative t-shirt we might even be willing to wear. Want a divorce tee of your own
Jon Gosselin. Jon, who lives in a cabin about 30 minutes away from Kate's house, said that his new digs allow him to enjoy his time with
Liam Gallagher Divorce? Oasis Frontman Reportedly Met With Lawyer Fiona Shackleton. The UK tabloid reported that Oasis frontman Liam Gallagher has met with divorce lawyer Fiona Shackleton in order to prepare
Lessons I Learned From My Parents. When people consider the impact of divorce on children, they typically focus on minor children.  Is this because they somehow believe that once children reach the age of majority, their parents' divorce doesn't affect them?
Not in Kansas Anymore. I remember the exact moment in my life in which I became an adult. Before it happened, I had assumed adulthood was quantified by credentials, like having a high school diploma, a driver's license, or a job.
Love, Marriage and Grey Divorce Italian Style. Ulysses is a contradiction.  He's traditional enough to believe minors should reside primarily with their mothers and bohemian enough to want an open relationship.
Toni Braxton's Divorce Spotlighted On Next Album, 'Love, Marriage & Divorce'. Babyface, whose real name is Kenneth Edmonds, will likely bring his familiarity with divorce to the album too, as he split
Why A Collaborative Divorce Makes Financial Sense. Many people visualize themselves getting married; nobody daydreams about tension-filled evenings, when you're considering
Amazon Review For File Folders Reveals A Little TMI (PHOTO). To see the slightly embittered review in full, click the image below
Can You Force Your Ex To Pay A Loan You Co-Signed?. When you're going through a divorce, protecting your credit is probably one of the last things on your mind. However, as
He Called my Teenage Daughter a Bitch -- Now What?!. What does a woman do? For the first time since my divorce I saw my future with a man. I wanted to wake up next to him for the rest of my living days. I wanted to walk his dog every morning (and I'm not really a dog person).
Why I'm Happy My Parents Are Divorced. Divorce may not be a blessing, but it is not a curse either -- nor is it a failure. My parents did not fail me, nor did they fail each other, by ending their marriage
The Spark. That first spark can be so intoxicating, carrying with it suggestions of a future without the endless dark of divorce. Use that spark to give you hope... but be careful not to be blinded by its intensity.
Single Dad. More Stories From YourTango
Antidepressant Use Spikes Before Divorce, According To New Study. Researchers looked at data from 304,111 Finnish people between the ages of 25 and 64, and of those, 23,956 divorced between
How Can Couples Avoid the Pitfalls That Threaten a Second Marriage?. In the beginning, the newly remarried couple faces stiff obstacles to achieving stability as compared to remaining a single parent. However, aiming to weather the storms of remarried life can offer the couple and their children both financial and emotional security.
How Failing at Marriage Made Me Happier. I've read stories about near-death experiences that change people, made them better somehow than they were before the scare. For me, it was a near-divorce that knocked me flat on my butt. Failing at marriage, as painful as it was at the time, helped me learn how to be happier.
Blended Family Friday. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. What has been the hardest thing about blending your two
Child-Support. The math is fair. The logic is sound. But the practical application still causes you grief. You are writing a check to someone and you have no ability to control how the money is spent or if it is even spent on your child -- the most common complaint I hear about the child support laws.
Ethan Hawke. Hawke isn't the first divorced celebrity to marry the woman with whom he allegedly had an affair. Click through the slideshow
Cute Cats Eating Ice Cream Are All You Need To Get Over A Split. Hey, maybe, but it was still a nice gesture. Who could cry over a breakup while looking at cat photos this cute? Take a look
Pregnant & Divorcing? You're Not Alone (VIDEO). Pregnancy is often one of the happiest times in a woman's life. But for Liz Becker, those nine months marked the time she
Cheating Online. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. That's the question recovery.org, a site that helps people
Bucket Lists. There's nothing like divorce to inspire you to reevaluate your life goals. Just ask HuffPost Divorce readers. This week they
Don't Let Divorce Guilt Break Your Bank. At some point, there must be a discussion in the relationship
Having An Affair. \Thanks to the wonders of modern technology, stepping outside of your marriage has become as convenient as ordering food
Love After Divorce. It's not easy to allow yourself to fall back in love after divorce. But after years of playing it safe in the relationships
'I'm Sorry'. Find yourself in a marital spat, again? Watch the video above for two other signs an apology isn't really sincere. Keep in
Danica McKellar Divorce. McKellar finalized her divorce from Mike Verta in February 2013 after filing in June 2012. McKellar has been keeping busy
Texting and Dating. There are both benefits and negatives to both electronic communication and to spending time on the phone. Maybe a little more of an effort to talk on the phone to the person you are dating would be appreciated. Yet, keep those cute, sweet, sexy texts coming!
The More Time I Have With My Kids the More Time I Want With My Kids (the Single Parent Paradox). I guess I was. And I see now how much better behaved my kids are now that they have that better, more chilled-out mom. More polite language. Better listening and chore-doing. Fewer meltdowns -- and quicker apologies in the event of a spaz-out.
Would I Look Like a Bad Mom in Family Court? An Attorney Weighs In. Some commenters felt that my choice not to rent a cheaper apartment -- even if it meant sleeping on the floor in a one-bedroom in a sketchy neighborhood -- would make me look irresponsible in family court.
Write for Your Life. In 2009 I went through almost the entire list of life's most stressful events. To say I got hit by what felt like a tsunami of loss would not be an exaggeration. I was in so much pain, I could barely take a deep breath.
Lauren Silverman, Andrew Silverman Reach Divorce Settlement. Click through the slideshow below to see what some Hollywood heavyweights have to say about infidelity. It has been speculated
5 Remedies For Common Divorce Health Problems. Divorce can wreak havoc on your health. From psychological stress to the development of physically-harmful habits, the health
Divorce Study Shows That Couples With Longer Commutes Are More Likely To Divorce. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. The study, which is published in the British journal \Urban
Shortest Celebrity Marriages. While on-screen romances frequently have fairy tale endings, Hollywood marriages often don't. From Britney Spears' 55-hour
Is He 'The One?' How To Know, According To The Author Of 'How Not To Marry The Wrong Guy'. \With my first fiance, I just felt that there was a certain spark missing,\ she said recently on HuffPost Live. \Anybody
April Fools' Chewbacca Prank Might Just Be Grounds For Divorce (PHOTO). Look, we love Chewbacca impersonations as much as the next guy, but this is a little much. We're not sure if this is grounds
DIY Divorce. \If the lawyer over here knows how to object properly, which most lawyers do, then they're going to want to exclude all kinds
Ex-Wife Pays Divorce Settlement In Pennies (PHOTOS). What did one ex-wife do when a judge ordered her to pay her former husband $50.12 as part of the couple's divorce settlement
Kate Gosselin Divorce. The reality star filed for divorce from Jon Gosselin in 2009. She told People magazine that the split -- and the show -- have
Failing Fruitfully. When you're walking along in a strange city, and you've studied the map and think you know where you're going, there's a period of time when you're actually going the wrong way but you haven't figured it out yet.
Cheating Signs. Written by Kiri Blakeley for CafeMom\u2019s blog, The Stir Let's face it, married and attached ladies. We've all occasionally
'Runaway Bride' Reveals What It Was Like To Call Off Wedding (VIDEO). Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. \I was surprised by how supportive everyone was,\ she
Awkward Ad For Self-Storage Company Tries To Reel In Divorc\u00e9e Demographic (PHOTO). So not only are they going through a divorce, they're also possibly related? Stick to self-storage and leave the copywriting
Divorce Study Shows That People With More Siblings Are Less Likely To Divorce. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. This is not the first study to look at the intersection
The Grave Mistake of Confusing Concepts of Justice and Fairness With the Law. Would you rather have \Justice Under Law,\ or resolution that is in alignment with your personal sense of fundamental fairness?
Emotional Affair. It is normal to be attracted to someone with whom you have developed an emotional connection. But moving that relationship
The Single Mom Superstar Project!. Having a clear picture of your pretty little details and unmentionables is a great way to start your very own personal single mom superstar project. Want to learn more ways to become a single mom superstar?
When Helping Hurts. After the divorce is finalized and the son or daughter has moved on, parents can now return to their life by investing in their own physical and emotional well-being. The goal here is to be a child's backup, not a lifeline.
'Til Unfriend Do We Part. These days, with the advent of social media and other technology, there are a lot more shades to our relationships. This change is having a big impact on how we share news of our separation or impending divorce with family and friends.
A Single Father. Noah, 8, gives his father, Frank Lowrance, 50, a kiss before he went to bed in the one-bedroom apartment they share together
Teen Drug Use Increases When There Are Half-Siblings At Home. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. This isn't the first study to look at how familial instability
Andie MacDowell, 'Groundhog Day' Actress, Can Tell When A Woman Is Going Through Divorce. \u201cFor me, it\u2019s sad to say, but I would probably have a spiritual marriage but not a legal marriage, because I think so much
Weight Loss After Breakup. Impressive, right? TurkNJD34 said he started slow and that he stuck to an exercise regimen that included cardio and running
Cheating Spouse? 10 Reasons You Shouldn't Take Him Or Her Back. Have you ever left a cheater? A woman wrote an essay in the Daily Mail about taking back her husband after he had a long
Divorce For Men. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. \It's not that men don't get a fair shake. They just need
Usher's Ex-Wife Posts Photo Of Their Son In Hospital As Custody Battle Heats Up. Usher released a statement to the press about his young son's well-being two days after the accident to thank fans for their
Dwyane Wade Divorce Fees Could Reach $10 Million. Wade and Funches-Wade were married in 2002 and have two sons together, Zion and Zaire. Wade filed for divorce in 2007, and
Michael Douglas. \u201cIt took me too long to realize that if you go to a marriage counselor to resolve problems, it\u2019s in his interest to keep
Facebook Status Ends With A Really Awkward Twist (PHOTO). Via Reddit Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. This woman signed on to Facebook to rant about
Walking My Way Out Of Divorce. Last winter and spring, after my wife unexpectedly took our car and left me for another man, I began to walk. I hadn\u2019t walked
Crossing the Finish Line.. Or Not. I realized, it wasn't me... it was us. Together we just couldn't make it work.  The anger built as did the disconnect and then eventually, we were just roommates with kids -- when it became you do your thing and I will do mine; two lives moving along side by side, yet worlds apart.
Breakup Advice. Whether it's a fresh split or it's been several months or even years, here are some things you can do when you start getting those old, sentimental thoughts.
Dating Younger Men After Divorce. As you get older, the media is telling you what \women of a certain age\ can or can't do. Bullsh*t. Dating a younger man will expose you to and in some cases, force you, to step outside your comfort zone. Treasure this.
Back-To-School Tips. If there's ever a time to put aside your differences with your ex, it's during back-to-school season. The start of the school
Mistakes We Fear We'll Make During Divorce. Almost anyone who has gone through the divorce process will rank it as the single-most challenging life-event. Without a doubt, divorce is difficult. Brutal.
Eight Ways To Get Through The Heartbreak Of Divorce. There\u2019s no point in sugarcoating it
Divorcing Women. Once your marriage is truly over and divorce proceedings have begun, it\u2019s time to work out all the financial details. This
The Loneliness And Endless Regret Of Being A Divorced Grandmother. Read more on www.dailymail.co.uk 'Don't you like Grandpa Nev?' she asked of my ex-husband, Neville. 'We like each other,' I
Teri Hatcher Dating Again After Years As A Single Mom. The twice-divorced actress, whose voice can now be heard in Disney's new animated movie \Planes,\ spoke to The Mirror recently
Bad Dates That Will Make You Feel Better About Your Dating Life. Think your post-divorce dating life is a mess? It could be so much worse. Last week, we featured 14 real-life date conversations
Lessons I Learned From My Parents. Knowing how minor children may feel when one of their parents cheats on the other, shouldn't such things be taken into consideration when parents, their professionals, or judges design parenting plans?
For Gay Couples, Divorce Comes With Extra Costs. When Jason Dottley and his husband ended their marriage last year, neither bothered to hire a lawyer because the couple agreed
That Stupid Kitty Cat Lunch Bag. As I was pulling out of the driveway, I began to question if what had happen actually happened? Did I actually collapse? And before that, did I really just move in with my first ever roommate? And before that, did I really get divorced?
Friends After Divorce. When you are going through a divorce, you probably could never think of being friends with your ex.  If you have children together, you need to both think about what's best for them.
Gay Divorce Filed In Minnesota Just One Week After Same-Sex Marriages Recognized. \I was so excited. I've been stuck in a relationship -- basically being married to someone that, we didn't live together
Man Creates Cat Memes Series To Win Back His Ex (PHOTOS). Who doesn't love cute cat memes? In our opinion, they can turn a horrible, no good, very bad day into a really great one
Lamar Odom Cheating On Khloe Kardashian? Another Alleged Mistress Comes Forward. Watch the video above for more, then click through the slideshow below for some of the most notorious celebrity cheaters
Divorce 102. Divorce isn't the end, it's a chance for rebirth. So take this chance to break out of your normal habits and try something frisky and new!
Pursuing the Divorced Woman. After I conducted a seminar on Dating After Divorce, I received this email from one of the participants. The subject is heartfelt and deserves an answer. Should you pursue a newly divorced woman in the hopes of a solid commitment?
'Divorce, Dating And My Daughter'. My daughter and I, despite a 30 year age difference, are so extraordinarily close that several friends have repeatedly said
The Emotional Fallout Of Divorce And The 5 Stages Of Relationship Grief. I remember when I found out my marriage was over. It sent me into a downward spiral; a drink-and-drug-fueled period of bad
'Girlfriends' Guide...', Vicki Iovine's Book Series, To Be Made Into Divorce Pilot For Bravo. \Girlfriends' Guide To Divorce\ isn't the only TV show about divorce in the works. Will Arnett will star as a divorced man
First Date Took Place In Very Unusual Location (VIDEO). Gene and Julie, who had both been divorced prior to tying the knot, stopped by HuffPost Live on Tuesday and explained their
Relationship Advice. Watch the clip above for more relationship real talk, including what you should say to a partner who needs to change (and
'The Lion King' Gave Us The Only Breakup Advice We'll Ever Need (PHOTO). We learned a lot from \The Lion King\ growing up. From \Hakuna Matata,\ to the moving message in \Circle of Life,\ the 1994
Use the Good Stuff. I told her that when my husband left, he didn't ask for anything.  Not a single photograph.  Not any artwork the kids had made.  He wanted nothing, not a single remnant nor reminder of our 15 years together.
Breaking Up Is Good For Your Bank Account And We Have Proof (PHOTO). Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Need proof? On Monday, Redditor AMohajer posted his newly
Toni Braxton. \u201cI was in that relationship a long time. But now I\u2019m, like
Don't Drink the United Front Kool-Aid. You, the reasonable ex, will not succeed in these fruitless endeavors. You will wear yourself out and feel like an abject failure. And, guess what? Feeling like an abject failure will not help your kids the least little bit.
Termination of Alimony. Wouldn't you like to be able to prove that your former spouse is living with someone else, without having to spend a small fortune?
5 Reasons the Ex Is Your Ideal Dating Coach. If you remain on good terms, your former partner could probably match you up better than anyone else. After all, few people are more familiar with your personal foibles, desires and needs -- the good, the bad and the ugly -- than the person who's shared your life for many years.
Honest Sweatshirt Offers Some Real Talk About Your Relationship Status (PHOTO). Click through the slideshow below for some ridiculous divorce-inspired tees from around the web. Hey, no judgement. Who needs
Zooey Deschanel, 'New Girl' Star, Shares Relationship Advice Learned From Divorce. Here's hoping that Linden fits the bill! What's more, the \New Girl\ star covers Marie Claire's September issue and shares
Marriage Problems. Money, money, money. We can barely even talk about it in an objective, budget-discussing sense without getting all testy
Etiquette for Dummies. It is so difficult to date online. I have only tried it for a short time, after divorcing my cheating ex-husband, but I find it to be rife with unsolvable mysteries. Here are some of my conundrums.
When (and How) to Introduce Your New Beau to Your Kids. The number one thing to remember is not to immediately introduce your kids to each new guy you start dating. Even when both of you have the best of intentions, breakups happen -- accidentally creating a constant flow of father figures who come and go can ultimately lead to your kids feeling abandoned.
Cheyenne Jackson. The actor also set the record straight about reports that he has gone off the deep end post-split by growing a mustache and
7 Signs It's More Than Just Cold Feet (That I Should Have Listened To). Our marriage lasted only 13 months. In retrospect I can now see the signs that should have led me to say \I don't\ rather than \I do.\
What Is Cheating? Philadelphians Asked To Define Infidelity. According to a HuffPost/YouGov survey, 79 percent of people polled would consider it cheating if their partner sent sexy
Divorce In Your 20s. Being divorced in my mid-twenties wasn\u2019t that bad. My biggest challenge was trying to explain to people that I wasn\u2019t a lazy
Save Relationship With A Vacation? Author Says It Didn't Work For Her. The author of \Travel Therapy
Divorce Cause. \Families whose first born is a son seem to feel less of a need of adding a second kid,\ Moretti said. Keep in touch! Check
Blended Family Friday. Hey, Kate. Please introduce us to your family. There are eight of us in all. There's me, my husband, Chad, and our kids
Jack White, Karen Elson's Divorce Takes A Bad Turn With Restraining Order. The restraining order, obtained by Nashville City Paper, stated, \Wife fears for her and the children\u2019s safety as a result
IT HAPPENED TO ME. In the summer of 1998, I was 13, bored, and started watching reruns of the first season of this little newly buzzed-about
What The End Of DOMA Means (And Doesn't Mean) For Divorcing Same-Sex Couples. In a widely celebrated decision, the U.S. Supreme Court last month struck down a key provision of the \u201cDefense of Marriage
How To Save A Marriage? A 'Hail-Mary-Moon' Worked For This Couple. \My husband and I were separated for over three years and we were on our way to get a divorce but the divorce kept getting
Single Mothers And The Blame Game. It appears that it\u2019s open season on single mothers again. Granted, open season is called on single mothers a few times a
7 Signs It's More Than Just Cold Feet (That I Should Have Listened To). Before my wedding in 2007, I was having doubts, lots of them. While some of my good friends listened and understood my hesitation
Will Arnett Divorce. Is Will Arnett's latest leading role a case of art imitating life? \It's a show about a family that is kind of going through
Funny Divorce Meme Shows That Splitting Up Can Be Celebratory (PHOTO). Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. A sentiment that's perfectly worthy of a meme, if you
Russell Brand. According to Yahoo! Entertainment New Zealand, the comedian shared details of his post-divorce life at a warm-up gig in London
Bad Date Stories That Prove Your Dating Life Could Be A LOT Worse (PHOTOS). Feel like most of your post-divorce dates have been filled with super awkward silence and stilted conversation? These real
Should I Move In With My Partner?. Although increasing numbers of individuals report less social stigma about cohabitation, many of the people who I've counseled ask these key questions
How to Recover From Divorce. The word victim means \somebody hurt or killed or harmed or duped.\ So, according to that definition, is everyone who gets divorced a victim?
If Your Spouse Cheated, Would You Demand All the Nitty-Gritty Details?. Why would a woman want to hear the lurid details of her husband's sexual encounters with another woman?
7 Ways to Divorce-Proof Your Marriage. Everyone knows that divorce is rampant in America; what they don't know is that many of those divorces could be avoided. Here are seven steps you can take to divorce-proof your marriage.
The Black Hole. It was a wonderful night. It was filled with love and happiness, and everyone seemed to have a really good time. No one seemed to miss any of the usual traditions, no one scoffed at my wedding dress, everyone loved the kids singing.
Craigslist Ad Puts Cheater On Blast In Hilarious Listing For 'Plush-Ass' Mattress. Look no further than Craigslist. In what may be the best listing of all time, one scorned San Francisco lover puts an ex
'I Want A Divorce!' Mashup Features Our Favorite Movie Breakup Scenes (VIDEO). \I want a divorce!\ If you haven't heard that ominous phrase in your personal life (congratulations, by the way) you've undoubtably
Couples Vacations Dubbed 'Hail-Mary-Moons' May Help Deter Divorce. Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy Tom Slook and Suzy Stauffer, who were profiled
Divorce Study Indicates That Cost Of Splitting Up Is Top Concern For Divorcing Couples. Avvo's survey also looked at how many people utilize divorce lawyers versus the number of people who choose to go it alone
Life After Divorce. Admit it, there's at least one possession your husband or wife owns that you can't stand to look at. Divorce doesn't come
Anthony Weiner Marriage Poll Finds Many Think Huma Abedin Should Go Rather Than Stay. In an additional blow to Weiner, respondents said -- by a 64 percent to 20 percent margin -- that politicians' unfaithful
3 Reasons You Shouldn't Take Digs at Your Ex. It's comfy to repeat the same old sob story where your ex sucks and you don't.  However, you are better than that. You don't need to put anyone down in order to lift yourself higher. Know that life is more rewarding when you aren't looking for the fault in others.
Dwyane Wade Custody Battle Heats Up As He Publishes Essay On Parenting. In the piece, adapted from his book, \A Father First
Lessons Learned Dating Online. He was a top 10 match for me on Plenty of Fish so I took a peek. Masters Degree, good looking, two beautiful children, a job in NYC, and lived close by. We had common interests and both wanted a committed relationship.
What I Did With My Wedding Ring. One of the decisions you've got to make when you get divorced
Singing the Stepmother Blues. If the general culture truly cares about marriage and family values, it would do well to listen to the voices of stepmothers. Many stepmothers are filling a void without recognition or understanding.
She's How Old? Do Age Differences Really Matter?. My kids make faces and say, \That's so gross!\ when I tell them that I was in college when my husband, their step-dad, was in middle school.  We get a good laugh out of that!  The reality is that I am only five years (almost to the day) older than he is.
Lessons I Learned from My Parents. Unfortunately for my mother, her parents refused to allow her to call off her engagement to my father because they did not want to suffer the embarrassment it would cause them. My parents' marriage was miserable from the outset, even though they remained married for over 20 years.
Which Would You Choose -- Mediation or Litigation - When Seeking Child Support Modification?. Since the amount of child support one is required to contribute is formulary and based on statutory guidelines, it stands to reason then that modification of child support would be requested when there is a \substantial change of circumstance.\
Single Mom Trend. Don't expect every man to be your husband. Listen to those instincts. In telling me about her new love, Sarah's words mimicked others I've heard
Single Life. Ever get tired of defending your single status to friends and family? The folks on Twitter feel your pain. On Tuesday, tweeters
Katy Perry. \The men I have gone for are challenging, yes, but they\u2019re also wildly intelligent and poetic,\ she said. \I\u2019m not interested
Ronnie Wood's Ex Wife Removes Tattoo Of His Face From Her Butt. And Jo certainly isn't the first person to be left with an ink-stained reminder of her ex following a split. Click through
Celebrity Stepmoms Who Deserve Our Recognition. We've previously highlighted our favorite celebrity stepdads, and it's about time some star stepmoms got recognized too! These
How To Apologize For An Affair. When you do tell your partner that you hurt them with your actions, you should give a full account of all the wrongs you
Seven Divorce Stories That Might Shock You. Some divorce stories are really, really sad, some are confusing, some outrageous, some infuriating, and some horrifically shocking. But, I have found that there are some with happy endings, and some that are inspiring and hopeful.
In Your Facebook! The Role of Social Media in Making Breaking Up Both Harder and Easier. Of the social media outlets, Facebook ranks number one as the place where unhappy spouses go to forget about their miserable marriages and fantasize about a better life. Today, with well over a billion users, that's a lot of browsing!
After An Affair. How do you convince your spouse that you want to save your marriage after you've cheated? One of your first priorities should
Child Support Law Requires Man To Pay For Another Man's Child. This isn't the only child support case to make headlines this month. Tennessee man Orlando Shaw, who fathered 22 children
We're Getting A Divorce, Now What?. Every divorce has unique circumstances that can directly influence the outcome, including who earns more, who gets custody of the children, or if one spouse has made a considerable financial contribution to the other's earning potential.
When the Law Is Involved, Do Notions Of Fairness Matter?. When attorneys, mediators and others are involved in the process, their concepts of fairness may well differ from those of one or both of the parties and from those of the other professionals involved.
Divorce Study Shows Infants' Attachment To Caregivers Affected By Joint Custody. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. The researchers looked at data from the Fragile Families
Divorce Care Package. If there's ever a time you need a little distraction in your life, it's during the divorce process. That's why we launched
Friends With Your Ex? 6 Women Who Say They're Still Close With Their Ex-Spouses. \The beginning of my relationship with my ex-husband was friendship. We graduated from high school together in 1985, had
I Play By My Own Stepmothering Rules. If there is one thing I've learned since becoming a stepparent, it's that people love to give you advice. Most of the time, these people are not stepparents themselves.
Blended Family Friday. What are some of the biggest challenges of blended family life? I really don't see our challenges as being vastly different
Divorced Mom Split At Age 21, Says It Was A Tough 'Reality Check' (VIDEO). To get a better understanding of that plight, HuffPost Live's Nancy Redd spoke with Kimberly Archie, who was married at 18
Young Divorce. Check out the full clip above to hear more from Briscoe, then click through the slideshow below to see some of our favorite
Red Flags. \My last serious relationship ended two years ago, again with me heartbroken. Since then I\u2019ve dated a few people, but nothing
Jodie Sweetin's Divorce, Custody Battle Heads Up. Sweetin isn't the first \Full House\ star to go through a divorce. John Stamos, who played the hunky Uncle Jesse, divorced
Marriage After Infidelity. \Just like a heart attack that doesn't kill a person can ironically lead them to be in better cardiac health a couple of
Steve Nash's Child Support Payments May Increase. NBA star Steve Nash may have to increase his child support payments to ex-wife Alejandra Amarilla, according to the Associated
Single Dad With 22 Children From 14 Different Moms May Become A Reality Star. Check out the full video above for more on Shaw and his life as a father to 22 kids. Then click through the slideshow below
The Half-Life Of The Divorced Parent. It\u2019s been almost five years since my marriage ended, but the 50-50 custody arrangement is still unsettling. At first, it
What Is Cheating?. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. But we were curious to know what our readers on Facebook
Huma Abedin, Anthony Weiner's Wife, Isn't The First To Stand By Her Man. Click through the slides below to see which political wives stood by their husbands' side at press conferences, and who stood
Eliot Spitzer and the Conscience of An Adulterer. An affair brings a deluge of negative consequences resulting in many negative emotions. Being involved in an affair my have its immediate \rewards,\ but for many people, it's a bummer.
Is Sex With Your Ex the New Form of Monogamy?. Marital disputes aside, it is possible for the sex to be great in a marriage even though everything else is terrible. Great sex is, after all, great sex.
Parent's Affair Discovered On Facebook By Slate Reader (VIDEO). Check out the video above for Yoffe's reply (and click over to Slate for more). Then, scroll through the slideshow below
Divorce Cake Is Decidedly Sweeter Than The Cakes We've Seen In The Past  (PHOTO). That's why UK baker Nicola Shipley was relieved when a customer requested a pretty divorce cake that celebrated her freedom
Stick Figure Family Decals Are Not Immune To Divorce (PHOTO). Not even those stick figure family car decals are immune to divorce. Forget divvying up the assets or arguing over custody
The Science Behind Why Rejection Hurts So Damn Much. Rejection hurts, literally. Most people have experienced rejection at one point or another. Whether from an unrequited love
Royal Baby Boy. All of England seems to have a stake and an interest in the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge\u2019s newborn son. After all, who can
Three Surprisingly Common Marriage Mistakes That Lead To Divorce. You\u2019ve heard of cheating and fighting leading to divorce, but what about selflessness and lack of hugs? Behaviors such as
Creative Ways to Meet a New Squeeze. Maybe it's the summer doldrums but a number of my friends and clients are lamenting the lack of romance in their lives and expressing frustration over how to meet new people.
The 5 Worst Mistakes People Make During Divorce. Feeling angry? While you may have excellent reasons -- don't take that to Court. Take that to a great therapist.
Your Demeanor Can Affect Your Divorce Mediation. Though most of us negotiate every day in our personal relationships, it is difficult to muster up the courage to apply the natural skills we possess, when confronted with a dispute with our former or soon-to-be-former spouse.
In Praise of Separate Vacations. It has been 21 days since I've seen my children. I miss them so much it steals my breath. But I'm glad they're there.
Divorcing Parents. As parents we can't always fix life to give our children what they want, especially when divorce is looming ahead. But we can be sensitive to our children's reality and acknowledge that what they're feeling matters.
SurvivingInfidelity.com Founder On How She Got Caught Cheating (VIDEO). She and her husband also turned to the web for support. \My husband was initially on [a message board] looking to relate
How To Catch A Cheater During Summer Vacation. Click over to The Daily Mail to see the rest of Symonds' tips and tricks. Then check out the slideshow below to see what
Dwyane Wade's Ex-Wife Siohvaughn Funches-Wade Speaks Out. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Dwayne Wade's ex-wife Siohvaughn Funches-Wade took to
Blind Date Leads To Hilarious Misunderstanding Over Text (PHOTO). That's exactly what Imgur user squisheemittensface tried to do before a recent blind date, though things didn't go exactly
Crazy S$%$t People Fight Over. Losing the battle and winning the war is great in concept, but most of us have at one point in our lives yielded to the alternative principle
How to Avoid Emotionally Abusive Relationships. While I am a big believer in following your heart, I'm wise enough to know sometimes a little practicality is necessary for a happy and healthy relationship.
In Case of Emergency, Update Your Contacts!. With a swipe of a pen my ex was replaced by my sister who will never leave me for a younger woman or refuse to take my call when she is on a \business trip.\
Divorce Advice. That old story is negative programming in your brain and the only way to change it is to reprogram yourself. Yes, I know
It's Just a Song.... The song stops playing. The person you're arguing with walks away. The movie ends. The smell of her perfume fades. The sound of a laugh sounding just like his from a stranger is drowned out by the crowd. Y
Life After Divorce. My ex-husband is of Eastern-European heritage and little did I know that taking his name would mean that I would always have
Social Media Etiquette Tips For Rebecca Romijn From Our Readers. Does splitting from your spouse mean cutting ties on social media, too? It's a modern dilemma, one that even actress -- and
Blended Family Friday. If you'd like your own family to be featured on a Blended Family Friday, please email us at divorce@huffingtonpost.com. We're
Coping With Divorce. Part of coping with divorce is sometimes telling ourselves things that will soothe our pain and anxiety, ease our fears, and make us feel better about our situation, our decisions and our actions. Here are 20 lies divorced people tell themselves, (and my response, of course).
Divorce Settlements. Not all Hollywood divorces are knock-down, drag-out fights; some are actually quite civil. And although some huge celebrity
A Lesson In The Desert. The sky on the outskirts of Taos, N.M., that September afternoon was a drenched cerulean blue. The air was warm, caressing
Dear Prudence. Dear Prudence, I am a young woman who recently married a very successful athlete. He is caring, kind, and thoughtful. We
Getting Over Him. My ex's place in my mind is similar to that of his pictures. He is there, but he is tucked securely away. He is not at the forefront of my thoughts. I do not want to gaze upon him or interact with him in any way but nor do I want to attempt to erase him completely.
DANCING DIVORCEE. I had gone to my four times removed third cousin\u2019s uncle\u2019s house and there, after a hearty meal came the post prandial question
Single Life. Think that divorcees are lonely, miserable and secretly dying to be coupled up? Think again. There are plenty of misconceptions
Prenup Tips. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. A recent \u201cFox & Friends\ segment tackled the ins and outs
Lawmakers Seek To End Permanent Alimony. The promise of \u201c\u2018til death do us part\u201d obviously doesn\u2019t apply for divorced couples, but in most states, it can still apply
Michael Moore Divorcing Wife Of 21 Years. Moore, who is perhaps best known for his controversial documentaries including \Bowling For Columbine\ and \Fahrenheit 9
Scorned Husband Gets Even By Spray Painting 'Other Man's' Garage (PHOTO). This just in
Rules of Engagement. A new relationship can be an exhilarating and blissful experience.  But to avoid putting yourself and your kids through another round of family drama, you have to be very aware of what you're doing -- just like you were during your divorce.
Why Men Appear to Make a Speedier Recovery Post Divorce. The gender wars around emotional recovery have been going on for decades, with the false beliefs that men aren't as deeply affected by divorce as women, and that they don't seek help to process their feelings as often.
Myths, Misconceptions and Misunderstandings About Parenting Coordination. Simple misunderstandings often negatively effect our perceptions and opinions about things. What we overhear isn't always \truth,\ and what we say may not always be what we mean.
The New World of Same-Sex Divorce. The recent rulings by the United States Supreme Court on same-sex marriage have generated a fair amount of comment, by lawyers, gay activists, and social commentators.  Ironic as it may seem, some of the greatest impact of these decisions will emerge in the parallel universe of marriage, i.e. divorce.
Do Feelings Matter in Mediation?. While litigation and the court process may not address feelings and emotions, such things are dealt with in collaborative law and certain mediation models.
Getting Over A Breakup. \I think people have the opportunity to really claim a different self after the breakup, the death or the divorce, and to
To Divorce or Not to Divorce, Is That Your Question?. If for whatever reason things aren't going to change, then it seems there are two options
Lindsey Vonn. Vonn's relationship with her ex famously caused a rift with her father, who disapproved of the relationship. The former spouses
Dating After Divorce. Ready to start dating again after divorce? If you don't want to get turned down by potential love interests, there are a
Infidelity Survey Suggests Cheaters Prefer To Drive Audis. A recent survey by Illicit Encounters, a UK-based dating website for married people looking to cheat, found that Audi is
For N.J. Couple, Sandy Damaged More Than Just Things. Bobby and Pamela Vazquez decided to ride out Superstorm Sandy in their Union Beach home. Their house was leveled, and they
Skittish About A Prenup? Like It Or Not, You Already Have One. Most couples, while immersed in the heady whirlwinds of wedding and honeymoon planning, are reluctant to so much as entertain
Infidelity Matters. There isn't anything wrong with chumps for assuming that their partners would be faithful. There is something terribly wrong, however, with a culture that thinks you should shrug at infidelity, and better yet -- be friends with the person who betrayed you.
Emotional Cheating Gives Way To Physical Cheating, Says Relationship Coach (VIDEO). She explains that she met a married man at the bank, and though their relationship started off with emotional infidelity
I'm Pregnant, It's Not Yours... But You're the Father!. The husband then filed for divorce. A few months later, the wife told her husband that she was once again going to get artificially
Living in a World of Needing Help. I was literally stuck in a foyer between two entry doors at my orthopedic surgeon's office. With one casted foot held up
Step-parenting a Strong-Willed Child. On a good day, step-parenting a well-behaved, easygoing child can have its challenges, but step-parenting a strong-willed child can seem nearly impossible.
Bad Breakup. Breaking up with someone isn't easy, so we shouldn't be too surprised when people royally screw it up. Still, the breakup
Connie Britton, 'Friday Night Lights' Actress, Says Being A Single Mom Is 'Scary'. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. \Until I find that perfect man in my life, there's going
Miranda Lambert Addresses Divorce Rumors. Check out the slideshow below for photos of Shelton and Lambert and other celebrity couples
The New Divorce and How It Affects the Modern Family. While all definitions of \divorce\ seem to imply a severing and ending of relationships, the word itself derives from the word \divert,\ which seems to better imply what a family usually experiences with a divorce.
What a Difference a Year After a Divorce Makes. It was recently reported that Katie Holmes and Tom Cruise completed their first year after the divorce was finalized. Many divorced couples don't think that they will survive after the split. The completion of the first year marks an important milestone.
Children Of Divorce. \Reading books helped fill the crevices of my broken heart, the love once there chiseled away,\ Wahl wrote. \I found solace
Vicki Gunvalson. Gunvalson also elaborated on the reason the pair split, and admitted that she still cares about her ex. \It stinks to get
Ray Lewis. Former Baltimore Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis is encouraging men to be active fathers in their children's lives. Click through
Jane Lynch Divorce. On Monday's episode of \Larry King Now,\ Jane Lynch opened up about why she and Lara Embry, her wife of three years, are
The Boy Toy. I felt amused and flattered, being propositioned by a man half my age, especially since I don't consider myself chill, and in fact, am not even sure what chill is. I felt excited, yes, but also a little icky, and in need of a loofah.
Post Divorce Relationships. In a way, my ex will always be my best friend, for only one reason
To Date or Not to Date? That Is the Question. I have been divorced for nearly two years, and I'm still not ready to have someone in my life. The idea of talking to someone every day or seeing someone all the time makes me feel claustrophobic just thinking about it.
Breaking Up With Someone Through A T-Shirt. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. On Monday, Imgur user donnieblank shared a photo showing
Why Postnups May Be Picking Up. If you think prenups are controversial, brace yourself. Postnups are on the rise. Postnuptial agreements \u2014 similar to prenups
Martina Hingis' Husband Says She Is A Serial Cheater. The pair reportedly split earlier this year, though Hutin claims he only recently found out about their separation. \u201cA year
Alan Thicke Wants To Talk To You About Your Parents' Divorce (VIDEO). H/T Redditor antdude The video above was posted by the website Everything Is Terrible about a year ago, but it resurfaced
Put An End To Negative Steptalk. One of the toughest aspects of co-parenting with stepparents involved is when the kids badmouth the stepparents to the biological
Marriage Counseling. Set boundaries with your friends. Ask them to support you in a way that is truly supportive and sometimes, that means respecting
Blended Family. Keenon and his four children moved in with Laura and her three children in 2000; at the time, the seven kids ranged in age
Blended Family Friday. What's the best thing about being part of a blended family? I personally love that we are not \traditional.\ We are bonded
A Single Mom By Any Other Name Is An ... Um ... Er ... Uh .... Sometimes if I've been in a group of new people and it's relevant, I've mentioned that I'm divorced. That's a fact. But I don't want my identity to be \divorced.\ Divorce is horrible, even if the net result is positive.
A Memo to Single and Divorced Moms. You don't need me to tell you going through a nasty breakup with the father of your children can be downright cataclysmic.
Welcome to Crazy Time. When someone shifts their behavior during the divorce period and becomes more assertive, the other partner, who was used to making more of the decisions, goes crazy.  And the now more assertive partner, goes a little crazy too.
It Happened To Me. Blindsided is the word Nigella Lawson has reportedly used to describe her breakup with media mogul Charles Saatchi. On the
10 Things Never To Say To A Single Girl. Question for you
Relationship Lessons. From emotional maturity to a compatible sex drive, click through the slides below to see what they had to say, then head
Single Dad's Note From His Daughter Is The Best Thing Ever. Single parents get by with a little help from their... kids? Now that's what we call father-daughter love -- even if she
Funny Divorce Photo Illustrates What It's Like To Get Half In The Split. Have a good buddy or relative who's constantly complaining about how much he or she was forced to fork over in their divorce
Women's Happiness Levels Increase After Divorce, According To New Research. We want to know
Weird Objects HuffPost Divorce Readers Fought Over In Divorce (PHOTOS). \I completely forgot about it. Until he asked for it. Then it became my reason for living,\ Koko wrote, before admitting
Text Message Breakup. For women, breaking up in person was the most common way to call it quits (72 percent), compared to 47 percent of men. Keep
Divorce Study. Click through the slideshow below for even more interesting divorce-related research findings. The study, published in the
Billy Ray Cyrus And Tish Cyrus Divorce? Couple Steps Out In Malibu, Calif.. The pair have already been spotted looking cozy together once since announcing their divorce, and now the two have been seen
Funny Divorce. If your spouse really does divorce you over your purchase, you're in luck. Just this month we wrote about Fireworks By Sam
Our 10 Favorite On-Screen Single Dads. Single fathers are on the rise. A record 8 percent of American households are now headed by a single dad, up from just 1
12 Lies We Buy Into During Or After A Divorce. It\u2019s funny how sometimes one of the hardest things for you to share can somehow become something that you so freely talk
Randy Orton. WWE superstar Randy Orton has settled his divorce from wife Samantha Speno, according to TMZ. The pair, who have one daughter
Breakup Advice. After a bad breakup, moral support can be found in the most unlikely places. Here's what they drew
Celebrity Divorce. Not all divorced celebrities harbor contempt and distaste for their exes; some high-profile couples who have called it quits
Emotions After Divorce. Divorce creates challenges for everyone in the family. It involves loss and significant change. It can create uncertainty and stress. At times like this, there is often less emotional flexibility and more emotional reactivity.
I Covered Up The Tattoo Of My Ex's Initials, But I Still Don't Regret Having Gotten It In The First Place. I steeled myself in advance for the pain I thought was sure to come. My tattoo, on my left wrist, was a red heart outline
Your Post-Divorce Rebound Is Guaranteed to Destroy your Heart. I am feeling strong and free and optimistic about love in a different, more grounded way -- one that allows me to see obvious love landmines before I enthusiastically dance on one -- Gangnam style.
Cheating Stories. We thought having your car keyed by an angry ex was the one of the worst things that could happen after a bad breakup. We
Rebecca Romijn Is Still Mistakenly Called 'Rebecca Romijn-Stamos' After Divorce. Romijn may have given up her ex-husband's name after the divorce, but plenty of stars decide to keep their ex's surnames
Same-Sex Divorce. While my own anecdotal experience is that gay relationships are very stable, it's inevitable that some gay couples will be unhappy and will want to divorce. As that occurs, gays will need to have access to the same legal support that straight couples have had and will need equal consideration in court.
Divorce Settlements. However, though Noonan's clients have praised her work, ABC News legal analyst Dan Abrams fears that these divorce loans
Cheating Women. According to recent data from the National Opinion Research Center's General Social Survey, the number of women having affairs
Pick Your Battles, It's Just Stuff. Learn from me. Pick your battles. Holding on to a plate is not going to allow you to hold on to your spouse. If they want to leave they will, with or without their plate made of rocks.
Being Alone After Divorce. Many people who get divorced are so used to being married, that being with someone is all they know. They've spent virtually no time alone in so long, that being with the wrong person is almost easier than being by themselves.
Social Media 'Don'ts' All Divorc\u00e9s Should Heed. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Embed This For some, one of the hardest -- and most awkward
Mister Rogers' Advice For Children Of Divorce Is A Must-Watch (VIDEO). On Sunday, Redditor jonscotch reminded us that Mister Rogers also touched on the subject of divorce on \Mister Rogers' Neighborhood
Cheating. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. \u201cIf women are actually cheating more and more, they know
I Was Sure I'd Be Best Friends Forever With My Ex-Husband -- Until He Said He Was Getting Remarried. Just a few days ago I thought that it was entirely possible to be best friends with your ex-husband. After all, my ex and
Divorce Stories. This isn't the first time a house has suffered the consequences of a split. In 2007, a New York couple agreed to divorce
Tina Brown On Sex, Decorating, And Divorce For Billionaires. Rupert Murdoch, I\u2019m told, was sighted upstate last week at Roger Ailes\u2019s Fourth of July party, his sleeves rolled up and
My (Rom)Complicated Life. I should be living in the real world of romance after divorce, where relationships irreparably fall apart and loving someone new isn't such a sure thing. Watching these movies has become such a part of my past at this point, clinging to them now feels a bit desperate.
Divorce Doesn't Need To Be War. I have a girlfriend who was just starting down the journey of divorce. She knows that I've been divorced for over 10 years and have an amicable relationship with my ex.
5 Ways Commiserating Keeps You From Moving Forward. Who doesn't like a good kvetch session every now and then? Commiserating has its place but when commiserating is a habit, you could be setting yourself up to remain in an negative emotional black hole.
Kristen Wiig Opens Up About Love After Divorce. \I'd like to have a family,\ she told the magazine. \I would love to have kids.\ Kristen Wiig tends to keep mum about her
Healing From a Broken Heart. The breakup of a romantic, significant relationship can be painful, overwhelming, and filled with tears and recriminations for our self or the other person. We can feel as if someone has physically wounded us, and left us without an emotional compass to find our way out of the pain.
When a Parent Moves Out. It's right up there with telling your children about the split -- another anxiety-producing, watershed moment in your life as a divorcing parent.
Emotional Cheating. That's the question at the center of a HuffPost/YouGov survey of 1,000 U.S. adults published Monday on HuffPost Divorce. What
What To Eat After Divorce, According To A Nutritionist. \Eating in a healthy way can help you feel more steady, more balanced, which in turn can help you recover faster,\ Mendez
With Friends Like This.... When marriages are in trouble and adults are feeling misunderstood or under-valued by their intimate partner, it is all too easy to sit down in front of a computer, iPad or tablet and pour out your heart to someone who has no greater investment in the \friendship\ than typing a short, sympathetic response.
Divorce Care Package. If there's ever a time you need a little distraction in your life, it's during the divorce process. That's why we launched
Gay Divorce. This is true even in states that recognize same-sex marriage, because gay marriage is still a relatively new legal concept
Cheating Signs. 3. Password protecting everything. In this day and age, it's prudent to password protect your phone, but it can also be a
Blended Family Friday. If you'd like your own family to be featured on a Blended Family Friday, please email us at divorce@huffingtonpost.com. We're
Divorce Advice. By Shazi Rastegar for YourTango.com 1. Don't take sides. Whether you met your friend during the marriage or you are old friends
Celebrity Cheating. It seems like any time someone cheats in Hollywood, it's not long before the infidelity becomes public knowledge. Cheating
Charlie Sheen Wants To Stop Paying Child Support To Brooke Mueller. Click through the slideshow below to see what other celebs have gone to battle with their exes over their children. According
Gay Divorce Is Still A Huge Problem In America. The Supreme Court's decision to strike down part of the Defense of Marriage Act means the U.S.\u00a0 government will recognize
Funny Ad Suggests Celebrating Divorce With Fireworks (PHOTO). Every year we celebrate our independence as a country with fireworks on the Fourth of July. So maybe we shouldn't be shaking
What I Learned From The End Of My Parents' 29 Year Marriage. When I moved out of my parent\u2019s house at 18, they were busy keeping track of my younger siblings and transitioning into my
When Does Flirting Become Cheating? 9 Red Flags. According to psychologist Michael Brickey, author of Defying Aging and many other relationship experts, playful bantering
'I Cheated And It Turned My Husband On'. More from The Stir
What I Know About Single Dads. I can honestly say that being a single dad doesn't seem like any big picnic. So, I want to validate single dads and tell them how much the single mom really appreciates them, whether she admits it or not.
Signs It's Time to Engage a Parenting Coordinator. How will you know when it's time to engage a parenting coordinator? Will you ever know? Will your attorneys or the judge tell you it's time?
Don't Let Your Kids Divorce the Summer. If you're going through a divorce, it has nothing to do with your kids enjoying their summer. As parents, you both have to rise above your differences when it comes to the children.
Five Reasons You May Need Independence This 4th of July. This Independence Day, I'm suggesting a call to arms for everyone suffering needlessly through bad relationships.
Infidelity. 8. Cheating really is never about just sex; it\u2019s about other marital issues. Just as it is a myth that all affairs are just
Family Vacations After Divorce Can Be Rewarding Despite the Challenges!. Even though divorce is a common reality in today's world, it can still be emotionally devastating and difficult to accept. During vacation time adults and children can easily be upset by past memories or former traditions that are no longer part of their lives.
Sending the Kids on Summer Vacation With Their Other Parent. If you are the school year parent, here are some ideas used by families like yours to help children transition.
Will Gay Marriage Rights Include the Right to Be Unfaithful?. The ability to marry now means that many couples who have had to forge their own definition of a committed relationship will now have a ready-to-adopt model that according to some pundits, has been in place since Adam and Eve.
Post-Divorce. The divorce papers have been signed and filed and the time has come to emerge from the post-divorce doldrums and make some positive changes in your life. Believe it or not this is a great time to begin to make plans for your future life.
Writing Through Your Divorce. I read Nora Ephron's Heartburn before I knew I could get divorced. I read it for a book club, and read it fiercely and ferociously, sucking the meat off the bones of Ephron's ode to self-worth and righteous anger.
I Said I'm Divorced, Not Contagious!. Few marriages are matches made in heaven, and sometimes they truly need to end.  Mismatched is no match at all. It's only fair that after a mistake, each of us might try again to find happiness before it's too late.
Is Mediation About Reaching the Same Result in a More Efficient and Economical Manner?. Mr. Garfield's first practice pointer to \family lawyers who participate in the mediation process directly\ is to \be realistic
Children Of Divorce. Fraley and graduate student Marie Heffernan completed two studies that analyzed the effects of divorce on children's relationships
Affair Triggers Emotions You May Not Have Expected. Strong emotions are your mind\u2019s way of letting you know that something outside of the ordinary is happening. You wish the
Tom Cruise, Katie Holmes Divorce. But exactly one year later, it seems that both Cruise and Holmes have settled into their newly single lives. A source recently
Sharing the Silver Linings of Divorce. Divorce brings growth and acceptance and self-introspection and empowerment. And, divorce brings advantages. That's right, advantages. Would you believe there are ADVANTAGES of being divorced? Let me share the silver linings of divorce.
End Affair. Haltzman
Sandra Bullock. Bullock and James married in July 2005, and divorced almost five years later in April 2010. The former couple started the
Lionel Richie. Richie is now twice divorced -- he split from his second wife, Diane Richie, in 2004. He has two children with Diane, and
Blended Family Friday. Hey, Ivy! Please introduce us to your family. My husband and I have six children. When we came together, our youngest was
3 Simple Ways To Divorce-Proof Your Marriage. The true divorce rate is always being debated, but the fact is simple
How To Keep Divorce From Ruining The Family Business. Divorce often brings out the worst in people, which can be a huge problem when a family business is involved. Protecting
Sleep During Divorce in 3 Peaceful Steps. Sleep is one of our most precious resources, yet a good night's sleep can be hard to come by during divorce.
After Divorce. 2. Anger punishes your ex. You may feel that holding onto your anger is justified because after all, if you let go of it
Hollywood Warns Gays. As same sex couples start to register at Crate & Barrel, shouldn't they wonder
Divorce Rituals That May Support You Finalizing Your Marriage. 'Sharing a last bottle of Champagne with music' 'Sharing the bed together for the last time' 'Sharing your favorite dish
Equal Child Custody Revisited. The general view of the attorneys who specialize in family law is that one size does not fit all. The view is that custody and parenting time should be decided on a case by case basis without a mandate or rebuttable presumption.
Revenge Porn. UPDATE
Understanding Your Role As Step Parent. I have a friend who is getting married this weekend for the second time, and she already refers to her fianc\u00e9\u2019s kids as her
10 Tunes to Get You Over Your Breakup. We know, we know -- the summer should be the season of fun, no-strings-attached flings, but what happens if you and your
Breakup Songs. There's nothing more comforting after a bad breakup than listening to a super sad song about love gone wrong. (There's a
Divorce Movies Worth Watching. For excellent reason, there have been many lists compiled with the best divorce movies. I'm talking about the modern classics -- War of the Roses for it's darkly comedic take on the effects of escalating tensions.
Divorce, Illness and Compassion. In the pain of these situations, you try to shut off the feelings because the marriage is over, the behaviors were hurtful, you need to move on.  And then suddenly with a diagnosis of a life threatening illness you find yourself wondering, \What is my place?\
Gay Marriage. Since the Defense of Marriage Act was found unconstitutional on Wednesday, talk of same-sex marriage -- and divorce -- has
The Fear That They're Going to Be Better for Someone Else. Once upon a time when I was married to a cheater, I suffered from a bad case of They're Going to Be Better for Someone Else myself. Which, when I look back on it, was pretty delusional.
James Gandolfini Helped Marcia Gay Harden Get Through Divorce. \At that point, my own marriage was breaking up -- and James was an absolute rock for me, he even taught me how to help my
Supreme Court Simplifies Gay Divorce. On Wednesday, the Supreme Court overturned the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act, which denied federal benefits to same-sex spouses
4 Behaviors That Result In Divorce (90 Percent Of The Time). In any\u00a0marriage or long-term, romantic relationship, there are a number of challenges that have the potential to completely
Can Infidelity Make A Relationship Better?. About 40 percent of marriages are rocked by affairs, according to a new book, but no one wants to admit it. Psychiatrist
Why Don't More Men Ask For Alimony?. An alimony case in Nebraska successfully argued by one of my law firm's attorneys that the law had to be gender blind should serve as a wake-up call to men that asking for alimony should not be shameful or undignified.
Breaking Up. The pain of a divorce can feel like an assault on the body, mind and spirit, and that may not be far from the truth. Scroll
Divorced Girls Behaving Badly. I think every divorced woman becomes a little bit of each of these five divorced girls, which is very normal and understandable. But, the difference between a healthy divorced woman and one of these five is that for the healthy divorced woman, these behaviors are temporary.
Breaking Up. Watch the video above for more from Turner and Pilossoph -- and check out the full segment here -- then head to the comments
Dating After Divorce. Jumping back into the dating world after a divorce can seem incredibly daunting, but with a little guidance, divorc\u00e9s can
Bethenny Frankel's Ex Reportedly Says Daughter Can't Appear On Her New Talk Show. Radar Online reports that Hoppy has reportedly forbidden Frankel from having their daughter, Bryn, appear on her new talk
10 Things Co-Parents Need to Know About Parenting Coordination. Next to the divorce itself, co-parenting is the single cause high-conflict divorcees use most to perpetuate litigious behaviors, resulting in unnecessary stress on the children, exorbitant legal fees, and a burden on an already over-extended court system.
Divorce Care Package. If there's ever a time you need a little distraction in your life, it's during the divorce process. That's why we launched
Russell Brand Reveals He Would Like To Marry Again. This isn't the first time Brand has opened up about his divorce and love life. He has been quite candid about how much he
Should Divorcing Couples Who Mediate Be Talking Through Counsel?. For reasons that will become increasingly clear, the public must develop a better understanding of mediation, as it is meant to be practiced.
Mistress' Question. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. The problem is his wife. She has never accepted that the
Blended Family Friday. Click through the slideshow below the see photos of Michele and Barry's family. What advice do you have for other blended
12 Things I No Longer Care About Since Becoming a Single Mom. Letting go of the notion of a d\u00e9cor-correct home has made the difference between neurosis and sanity. This is just one item on a growing list of things that makes me so much happier now that I no longer care about them.
Life After Divorce. \I had an epiphany that I could sell my ring and the rings of other people on my website,\ Tiffany Beverlin explained to
Second Wife, Second Best?. While it is always best to have a discussion about children, in-laws, and ex spouses before you say \I Do,\ if a problem arises after marriage, don't hesitate to have a talk as soon as possible.
Dating After Divorce. We want to know
Is Divorce Keeping You From Buying A Home?. Getting a mortgage is challenging enough \u2014 with strict underwriting requiring detailed explanations, sourcing of monies and
How I Got To Here. When I told him I would never marry again, I meant it. We were holding hands in a restaurant in Santa Barbara, Calif., on
Danica McKellar Gets Back To Work After Divorce. Danica McKellar is getting back into acting after her divorce was finalized in February 2013. McKellar is not the only celebrity
Funny Breakup. After a breakup, it can be cathartic to list all the things you won't miss about your ex. But sending the list to him or
Call Off the Chase. Why is the pursuer- distancer pattern so common and destructive to relationships? It makes sense that the power struggle for emotional intimacy often plays itself out in the bedroom.
5 Crazy Places to Snag a Great Summer Date. Now that you're on the look out in crazy places nothing should stand in your way of a great summer date. But what if you still don't have the nerve to approach that hottie you've spotted across the plumbing supplies aisle?
Bethenny Frankel Reveals Whether Or Not She'll Marry Again. \My living situation is very, very stressful,\ Frankel told the magazine in May 2013. \I don't think it's very healthy for
How Do You Get Your Child Support Money?. It\u2019s a common situation
Not Your Mother's Divorce. Over the years, changes occur in all aspects of our culture, and everything from food, film and fashion to parenting, politics
Nora's Influence On My Heart and My Writing About Divorce. Humor is gentle on our hearts. Nora Ephron was a pro at this. She raised us up on a magic carpet for our souls to journey through tears and laughter. Nora elevated our perspective by lifting up our broken hearts to a place where we could be heroes.
Maisie. Maisie was extremely resilient, just like most children. She could endure being \dragged\ from one parent's to the other
Dating After Divorce. If you want to increase your changes of success on a first date, here are five things not to do. They might make the difference when it comes to making plans for date number two versus experiencing a first date flop.
Divorce Settlement. Check out the video above to hear more about Hamm's divorce, then click through the slideshow below to see other billionaires
Single Mom Ashley Caldwell Receives The Ultimate Gift (VIDEO). Luckily for her, Ben Clymer's The Body Shop in Yucaipa, Calif. gifts a rebuilt car to one hard-working person every year
Signs You Make Your Divorce Bitter. We all know it takes two to tango. It also takes two to un-tango. Divorce would definitely be considered an un-tango. As you can imagine, the un-tangoing is always the worst part.
Jada Pinkett Smith Talks Cheating In Facebook Post. That's the question Jada Pinkett Smith addressed in a Facebook post on Thursday. Given that she and husband Will Smith are
The Day Nora Ephron Inspired Me. At the time, I was smack dab in the middle of that big chunk. I wasn't Jenny, preschool teacher. Or Jenny, mother of four. I was Jenny, who was divorced.
Cheating Signs. What are some of the most glaring signs that your spouse is cheating? Earlier this week, UK divorce lawyer Marilyn Stowe
Jennifer Lopez Reveals What She Learned From Divorce. She revealed that her 2011 divorce from Marc Anthony \was hard,\ but that she learned a lot from the experience. She also
Can We All Divorce Like Rupert And Wendi Murdoch?. How much will Rupert Murdoch, the billionaire chairman of News Corp., and Wendi Deng have to pay for their divorce? A significant
Single Parents, It's OK To Ask For Help!. JD fell at school yesterday and scraped his knee. I had to sign an \u201caccident report.\u201d No biggie. Kids fall down and scrape
Getting A Mortgage After A Divorce. Getting a mortgage is challenging enough \u2014 with strict underwriting requiring detailed explanations, sourcing of monies and
Dating in the Age of Facebook. Most of us who have ventured back out into dating in the age of social media have pondered this question. And many of us have regretted adding someone too soon.
Cheating Husband's Mistress Reportedly Pushed Off Cliff By Wife (VIDEO). Here's a lesson in what not to do when confronting your husband's mistress. The entire altercation was captured on a security
Celebrity Divorce. Divorce seems to run rampant among the Hollywood crowd, so it comes as no surprise that when a film or TV role for a divorc\u00e9e
Everybody Dies, But Some Live on Forever. If you had told me when I was 25 that at 50 I would be divorced and raising a daughter on my own I would have looked at you like you were nuts.
Rupert Murdoch, Wendi Deng. There\u2019s no word on what the split could cost Murdoch, but the media mogul already has a history of costly divorce settlements
What Not To Wear After A Breakup. Fashionista contributor Jo Piazza knows a lot about a lot of things
Life After Divorce. If you had the chance to talk a younger version of yourself out of marriage, would you? That's the question we recently posed
Three Rules For Negotiating Child Custody. Often times when I am hired to mediate during a child custody dispute alongside lawyers, I meet with parents who will do
Divorce Is Not the End; It Can Be a Beginning. There is a saying in the startup community that says, \fail hard, and fail often.\ The idea is to look at your failures in business, learn from them and move on. I failed hard and often at being a father, husband, and businessman and it cost me dearly.
Miss USA. Watch the full video above to learn more about the beauty queen's life, then click through the slideshow below to see what
Should Lawyers Be Required to Take Continuing Education Courses on Human Mental Processes?. One article was by Jay Mooreland, CFP\u00ae and is titled, \Controlling the Urges
Divorce 101. When your marriage just isn't working, it's easy to throw in the towel, and act like a loser. But listen up
Three Marriages, One Name Change. For 43 years I was Tracy Sutton. A good, solid WASP-y name, if a bit juvenile. (At least I don't spell it Traci with a heart over the \i\). No one mispronounced it. Rarely was I ever asked how do you spell Sutton? And Sutton enjoys a certain Google imperviousness. I liked the anonymity.
Divorce Court; Really in the Best Interest of the Child?. Women with custody of minor children typically get screwed financially in divorce, while men typically get hosed when it comes to custody issues. It's that simple. The children don't win.
Lindsey Vonn Opens Up About Tiger Woods Relationship. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. They aren't the first athlete couple to couple up. Click
Rage Against The Machine -- Bummer For The Drummer ... Wife Files For Divorce. \Rage Against the Machine\ drummer (and co-founder) Bradley Wilk has a solo in his future ... 'cause his wife just filed
25 Nastiest Moments Of LeAnn Rimes And Brandi Glanville's Feud. How It All Began
Divorce Questions. By the time you and your spouse decide to divorce, you likely will have cycled through a laundry list of internal questions
The Gray Divorce. With longer life spans and increasing technology, there is still plenty of time for Baby Boomers to begin again and have a joyful life.
Do We Tell?. What do we do when we're privy to secrets that could potentially rock another person's world? It's a loaded situation that can put us at risk, no matter what we decide to do.
Ron Perelman Legal Battle With Former In-Laws Is Costing His Daughter's Inheritance. They also claim that Perelman's real motivation for filing the lawsuits is to re-claim money he paid out in his divorce settlement
Miley Cyrus Takes To Twitter Following Billy Ray Cyrus' Divorce Announcement. From the looks of her Twitter page, it seems the star is doing fine. Two days after the divorce announcement, Cyrus tweeted
Divorce Cake. Click through the slideshow below for 10 more outrageous divorce cakes, then tell us what you think of the divorce cake trend
Ronnie Wood's Ex-Wife Jo Wood Dishes On 30 Years With 'The Rolling Stones' (VIDEO). \I don't think I'd go and see a show again because I've been there, I've done that and I've seen thousands of shows and I've
Breakup Advice. It seems that father really does know best, especially after a bad breakup. In honor of Father's Day, we decided to ask our
9 Reasons to Appreciate Your Ex This Father's Day. Father's Day is for dads. That must mean if you're divorced from your kids' father you can sit back, relax and not have to worry about organizing gifts and celebrations for the day, right? Wrong.
Fathers Who Abandon Their Kids. It's one thing to be a single mother by choice. It arrives with a positive narrative to tell your child. It's a whole other everything to have single motherhood thrust upon you -- because the father has unconscionably chosen to abandon his child.
25 Signs Your Relationship Won't Survive Much Longer. Even when a guy is obviously not The Right One, it can be hard to cut him loose. After investing months and even years, it's
Should Single Moms Get The Father's Day Nod?. I\u2019m not a man, I\u2019m a woman. I\u2019m not a dad, I\u2019m a mom. And still, even with these two fluorescently obvious facts, my phone
Lost Father Reunited With Sons After Decades Apart. Verdejo was working at a homeless shelter in Mesa, Ariz. when he realized the structure was on fire. He immediately sprang
Reinvention and Relationships, or, Not Everyone Wants You to Change. Many people get to know someone, fall in love with that person, and then expect them to stay the same for life. That's not
It Happened To Me. Then on a Saturday morning when I was working alone and the whole building was empty, the studio line started ringing and
Seven Stages Of Divorce. From the outside looking in, it may appear that a person decides to get divorced, goes through the legal process and then
Rupert Murdoch Divorce Settlement. News Corp chairman Rupert Murdoch announced his divorce earlier this week, and now the question on everyone's mind is
Three Little Words You Should NEVER Say on a First Date. Divorced or not, dating can be a daunting prospect in any circumstance. But there's one thing in particular that screams \RUN\ that you should probably be aware of.
Blended Family Friday. How long have you and you and Kurt been together? My husband and I have been together since our first date watching Sunday
Father's Day 2013. With Father's Day fast approaching, we wanted to take a moment to recognize some of our favorite celebrity stepdads. These
Co-Parenting. \Let the child take the lead. This is key,\ Weigel said. \Say, 'What does daddy like, what do you think we should do?' It's
Financially Free. I met Steven* when I was 19. It was the summer after my first year of college, and he was one of several guys renting the
Lawyers To Help Divorcing Couples Decide Pet Custody Battles. Solicitors Slater Heelis claim the issue of custody for family animals has become a bitterly-fought issue in many of their
Funny Divorce. What's the most efficient way to let the world know you're single again after a split? Put it on your license plate, obviously
Red Flags. But what takes the cake is her former father-in-law's warning to her before she said \I do.\ Yikes! Keep in touch! Check
LeAnn Rimes On Eddie Cibrian. Once a cheater, always a cheater? Though their relationship has become a tabloid fixture, Rimes said that she and Cibrian
Affairs to Remember. Over my many years of specializing in family law, I have seen many marriages end due to an affair.  Affairs come in all shapes and sizes.
The 5 Stages of Emotional Triage for the Divorced, Betrayed, Broken-Hearted, and Discarded. When the hurt is internal, the tendency is to slip under the radar and \pretend\ that everything is okay. However, the level of your hurt runs deep, and it has to heal in the same way cuts, scratches, and bruises would.
5 Fun & Free Ways for Single Moms to Entertain Their Kids This Summer. For single moms on a budget, this can be a very challenging season. Try to mix in a dose of much needed mommy me-time and it can be doubly complicated. Here are some ideas for summertime fun that won't break the bank.
Your Behavior, Your Kids and Divorce. Ask anyone who's been through it, and they'll tell you one of the most gut-wrenching aspects of separation and divorce is
Effects Of Divorce. For 15 years I've wanted a voice. At 18, I'm ready to talk about what my parents, and their divorce, have done to me. Read
Tiger Woods, Lindsey Vonn. Check out the video above for more on Nordegren's alleged hatred for Vonn, then click through the slideshow below to see
Life After Divorce. From \Someone Like You\ to \I Will Survive,\ there's nothing like a good breakup song to help you power through the darkest
Gray Divorce Is On The Rise, According To New Data. Click through the slideshow to see six of Hollywood's most-talked-about gray divorces. In a press release, Alton Abramowitz
The Cheater's Manifesto (The Case for Non-Monogamy). Cheating is hard to talk about. It's a sensitive topic, as being cheated on can be very painful and devastating.
Porn Star Gives Dirty Talk Advice (VIDEO). Watch the clip above to hear more from Hartley, including a suggestion about which tone of voice to use (and check out the
5 Tips To Help Step-Parents Stay Sane. No matter how long you\u2019ve been a step-parent or have been a part of your stepchild\u2019s life, there will inevitably be times
What's a Yearbook Picture Got to Do With Staying Married?. In other words, since smilers tend to be happier, more social and emotionally stable they are more likely to be successful at relationships.
Denise Richards Talks Dating, Marriage (VIDEO). \I have a U-Haul of baggage,\ she said. \It is going to take a very strong man to step into my life.\ Richards may be alluding
Out of the Nest and Into the Fire. I never imagined that in my 50s I would find myself pushed out of my nest -- marriage, family -- and forced to learn how to fly.
Kris Humphries. Humphries also told reporters that romance is not on his radar at the moment. Kim Kardashian has made it clear that she is
Girl Talk. My father gave great, yet strange advice to me when I was younger. \u201cMy advice to you is this,\u201d he said. \u201cLet\u2019s go be bad
Divorce Advice. In short, learn to inspire yourself and become your own best friend by doing lovely things for yourself that will nurture
Divorced and Not Dating. There are plenty of things I need to do
The Ten Commandments of Dating After Divorce. Jumping back into the dating pool simply because your ex is dating doesn't do you any good. You'll quickly end up visiting the first Commandment, dragging your pre-divorce baggage into your dating life to beat some poor unsuspecting bugger over the head with.
Talk Your Way Into Your Next Relationship. Remember, if you want to get married again you still have to say \I do\ and you can't text it!  Here are some ways to help you communicate better with your next partner.
An Interview With Deesha Philyaw of Co-Parenting 101. Today I'm interviewing Deesha Philyaw, co-author (with her ex-husband Mike Thomas) of the book Co-Parenting 101
Both Of My Parents Have Remarried. Do I Need To Include My Stepparents In The Wedding?. While a bride and groom's parents have pretty clearly defined roles in the wedding ceremony, the rules for stepparents are
Rachel Uchitel, Tiger Woods' Former Mistress, Is Divorcing. Hahn reportedly filed for divorce on Monday, citing \cruel and inhumane treatment.\ The pair married in 2011 and have a one
Save Marriage With 10-Year Contract, Proposes HuffPost Blogger (VIDEO). \It keeps in mind that [marriage] is not likely a forever and ever,\ she continued. \It forces communication, it forces work
Back Up Co-Parents in the Spotlight. The parent who never departs much from 20-30 percent physical custody still plays a pivotal role, if they pitch in regularly
8 Tips for Stepfamily Weddings. Stepfamily weddings can be stranger than fiction and create more drama than TNT could ever fabricate.
Move Over Fantasy Dad. Many of us from divorce carry around a version of our Dad that doesn't always square with the flesh and blood one.
Single Mom Graduates College With Her Daughter. \Knowing she had my back the whole way was so great,\ she said. Check out the video above to see the women on their graduation
Allen Iverson -- Ex Wants Him Tossed In Jail Over Unpaid Child Support. Allen Iverson has a date this week with the judge who earlier this year called him a horrible parent ... and seeing as his
Father's Day. Nine percent admitted that they had done so, and that their husbands are not aware of it. An additional 16 percent admitted
Jane Lynch, Lara Embry Divorce Breaks Our Hearts. Lynch's divorce is not the first celebrity split to make us -- and our readers -- feel so down. Click through the slideshow
Reconciling an Irreconcilable Past. In providing my grown daughter with these words of wisdom, I felt the need to embrace the concept on my own.
Tiger Woods' Affair. Has Tiger Woods' public image finally recovered after his cheating scandal a few years back? \We just are happy,\ the Olympic
Cheating. Say you're at a party and mistakenly pick up your friend's husband's phone, only to see racy texts between him and another
Bad Gift. Click through the slides below for 18 of the worst gifts HuffPost readers said they ever received from their exes. Seriously
The Law Is a Baseline and Nothing More. Consider the impact of a family systems and service based approach, meaning that there are value-added inputs being offered to the families, rather than merely a brokering of deals.
Stepfathers. In France, the term for a stepfather is beau-pere (beautiful father).   There are lots of beau-peres out there.  Let's make them more visible.
Making the Case for Dating a Bad Boy. \Every man is a bad boy until he meets a good woman.\ I posted the comment to my facebook community this week and got a lot of very interesting and varied responses.
A Bond Forged Over Time on the Open Sea. A decade ago, as the first R Family Vacations cruise prepared to set sail, Kelli Carpenter envisioned a place where same
A Divorce Lawyer's Guide To Preparing For Divorce. Ready to file for divorce? Once you\u2019ve made the difficult decision to go through with it, it\u2019s time to figure out what\u2019s
Funny Divorce. \We were married for three years and it got to the point where one thing just was the straw in the camel's back, and that
Dating Advice. \If that's a deal breaker then so be it, but I think it's misleading to even go on one date without saying I have a child
How A Divorce Helped Me Take Control Of My Money. I met Steven when I was 19. It was the summer after my first year of college, and he was one of several guys renting the
Life After Divorce. During marriage, you sometimes find yourself putting certain dreams on the back-burner. For many, though, divorce clears
Divorce Is Taxing in More Ways Than One. Divorce opened my eyes to many things I had never really thought about before. Among them, thong underwear, generic spring water, and one of the biggies... taxes. Unfortunately, there is a downside to receiving alimony, it is considered taxable income.
Is This Your Husband? Facebook Photo Of Alleged Cheater Goes Viral. An alleged cheater was publicly shamed Wednesday, and now his photo has gone viral. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce
Marriage Advice. If you want quality marriage advice, we suggest you ask a divorced person. Why? Because who's more equipped to give you some
Facebook, Divorce Linked In New Study. \u201cPrevious research has shown that the more a person in a romantic relationship uses Facebook, the more likely they are to
Are You Ready To Let Love Into Your Life?. I hear over and over from women who email or meet with me
Blended Family Friday. Andrew, Bernadette and Raphael are my step-children, while Harmony and Jillian are mine from my first marriage and Dominic
Dan Savage. Savage stopped by Seattle's Q13 Fox station this week to talk about his views on infidelity and his new book, American Savage
Social Media And Breakups. When it comes to the \ideal breakup,\ saying and doing things you'll regret later just isn't part of the plan. Even if it
Waka Flocka Flame Concert Inspires Woman To Leave Her Husband. Marriages end for a multitude of reasons -- infidelity, incompatibility and diverging interests are among the most common
Tips for Divorced Couples and Stepparents When Celebrating Children's Life Events. It has long been my contention that there are many adults walking around but very few grown-ups. What is a \Grown-Up\? A \Grown-Up\ is one who is comfortable in their own skin.
Hair Today. After I was cheated upon by my husband of twelve years, my self-esteem was in jeopardy of hitting rock-bottom
4 Things That Will Pronounce a Relationship D.E.A.D.. According to most people, relationships are the most important aspect of our lives, yet we don't give them the same effort and attention as we do our careers, or even our cars or pets. Why?
Staying on the High Road When the Low Road Is Calling. 'The high road has less traffic' is a life philosophy that says you maintain your moral compass, your personal code of ethics, and your values, at all times.
5 Ways for Single Moms to Celebrate Father's Day. If you are a single mom because of divorce, the day can unfold as an interminable 24 hours spent by yourself, dwelling on bittersweet memories of what was. If you are single mom due the death of your cherished man, the day can not only be challenging for you personally, but for your children, too.
How to Help Your Children Cope With Divorce?. Separation and divorce can be devastating but there are things you can do to support and comfort your child. Challenges that are confronted effectively can improve relationships and strengthen your child's ability to cope.
New Jersey's Antiquated Alimony Laws. Her ex may not have been able to physically and emotionally abuse her but he found another way to hurt her and, surprisingly, it is all legal. Since her salary as a nurse was significantly higher than what he made, she was ordered to pay him alimony.
12 Things You Should Never Say To Your Ex-Husband. No. 7
Dating After Divorce. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Kingsley echoed that sentiment
Bad Sex. 7. 2. 9. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. From a confession about a Viagra slip-up to a
The 'C' Word. I'm a 40-something-year-old, happily divorced woman. And I've found that a woman in my physical, social and sometimes financial position is attractive to the 20- and 30-something-year-old male who professes to have grown tired of \needy\ 20-something females.
Gold Digger. The author said that marrying men in a lower tax bracket may have been a conscious decision. \I married two men who did not
Bad Breakup. Think your breakup was bad? It could have been a lot worse. How do we know? Because on Wednesday night, tweeters took up
Russell Brand. \When I'm in a relationship I'm diligently monogamous and stick to the principles agreed on within that relationship. You've
Second Wives Club. Divorce is a reality for roughly 40% of all married couples in the U.S. Personally, I'm not sure I want to get married, but
7 Things To Keep In Mind To Avoid A Bad Break Up. If you\u2019re anything like me, a breakup can drive you over the edge. Hundreds of questions consume my mind while I try to maintain
Funny Text Messages. We've all been there
Who To Date After Divorce? HuffPost Blogger Shares Her Pick (VIDEO). Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. \I definitely find that dating parents, for me, is easier
Divorce. Just ask Jessica Solloway, who opened up to HuffPost Live Tuesday about what it was like watching her mom date after her
Ex Message. It doesn't matter how seemingly amicable your split was -- there are always some things left unsaid after a breakup. Just
Using the \F\ Word. Apparently, getting married is kind of like skateboarding. Sometimes, it works out well and you have the time of your life. And sometimes, you fail miserably, leaving scars you'll always carry as a reminder of how messed up things got.
Dating After Divorce Is Just Like Dating As A Teenager (VIDEO). Watch the video above to hear more about Johnson's dating experience (and check out the full segment here), then click through
In Our Blended Family, The Kids Often Use Our First Names, And That's OK With Me. On a recent playdate, a friend asked my daughter, Maia, why she calls Trey, her (step)dad with whom she lives, \u201cTrey?\u201d Read
How To Diminish Competitiveness Between Blended Family Kids. Is competition amongst siblings good, bad, indifferent? Have you noticed that there is a natural competitiveness amongst
Supreme Court Favors Ex-Wife Over Widow In Battle For Life Insurance Proceeds. When Warren Hillman died in 2008 at the age of 66, his assets included a life insurance policy worth $124,558.03. For the
Single, Dating Dads Lie About Being Fathers -- Just in Time for Father's Day. Lots and lots of single dads on a dating site lie about having children in their online profile, reports WhatsYourPrice.com, the cyber auction house that calls itself \the only online dating website where first dates are bought and sold.\
Maybe Divorce Is Contagious. If I hadn't had a good friend who was divorced, I imagine it would have taken me longer to work up the courage to do it myself. But I'm quite sure that it still would have happened, sooner or later.
Celebrity Co-Parents. Dramatic, drawn-out divorces may be a common occurrence in Hollywood, but these celeb couples prove that splitting up doesn't
Let's Stop Celebrating Wedding Anniversaries. Let's take a closer look at our expectations of marriage. Is sticking it out really the goal? Maybe yes, but I would suggest in most cases
Why Some Women Stray and How to Prevent It. I witnessed large percentages that were emotionally \malnourished.\ They truly longed for emotional fulfillment and a deep connection (or re-connection) with their husband.
The Dating Detox. The key elements of the dating detox are great
I Learned to Dance at Forty. I clutched the banister with my left hand and put a death grip on the purse in my right. I was not going to fall. A year earlier, halfway down the same wide marble staircase, I missed a step and skidded sideways.
Cheating. Click through the slides below to see what they had to say, then tell us what you think in the comments. Keep in touch! Check
Heartbreaking Facts. Even in the most amicable divorce proceedings, people expect disagreement, but what happens when the parties disagree on the very basic issue of whether to get divorced?
LeAnn Rimes' Affair Takes Center Stage On New Album, 'Spitfire'  (VIDEO). Rimes became a tabloid fixture after her affair with actor Eddie Cibrian resulted in both stars divorcing their partners
Weston Cage, Nikki Williams Officially Divorced. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. TMZ reports that Williams will get to keep her wedding
Funny Divorce. As lovely as her guy friend looks, we can't say this is the first time we've seen a guy wear the heck out of a wedding gown
Single Dad. Since I was a child I have heard the term \u2018adult\u2019 and it has always bothered me. When children question their parents with
Was It an Emotional Affair, and Did It End My Marriage?. I have no doubts in my mind that my marriage was over a long time before I hit the road with AD; the question was not if, but when and how.
The Divorced Mommy's Guide To Friends. Variety is the spice of life, or so they say. I think that same thought applies to friends, as well. Here is my little opinionated guide to the friends you may come across on your journey through DivorceVille.
Did Your In-Laws Dump You After Divorce?. In its simplest terms, divorce means separation. You're splitting up. You're breaking up. The two of you have made a decision to disconnect, detach and distance yourself from each other. But what about the relationships you have formed with other people because of your marriage?
Michael Douglas Oral Sex. Click through the slideshow below to test your knowledge of celebrity divorce settlements
Russell Brand. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. His tight-lipped reply is a departure from Brand's usual
Divorce Causes. More Stories On YourTango
Marriage Problems. What drives a couple to divorce? Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Inspired by Atkin's list
Dating After Divorce. Aslay stressed that it's important to remember that dating is likely not a priority for men with children, and that the children
In-Laws. DON'T MARRY HIM. I repeat -- DON'T MARRY HIM. I don't care if you think he's \the one.\ I don't care how far along you are
'Divorce Is...' 40 Words That Define Divorce. If you could choose only one word to describe the experience of divorce, which word would you pick? It's not an easy task
The Morality of Infidelity. why should divorce (deemed acceptable to 68 percent of people) be so much less morally wrong than affairs, especially when you consider the distressing emotional and financial effects of ending a marriage?
Child Custody and the Working Mom. Not so long ago, moms almost always got the kids, while dads paid child support and alimony. It comes as a shock to many divorcing working moms that the tide is turning and dads whether or not they are the primary caretakers are being awarded at a minimum 50 percent because they don't work.
5 Steps to a Clean Divorce. Even when both parties enter into a separation with the best intentions of reasonableness, it's difficult to keep a grip on decency amidst a maelstrom of emotional and financial insecurity.
Sleazy Legal. As I sat staring at the divorce papers, I thought back to my father.  When he told me not to date cheap women, drink cheap booze, etc., I wish he had admonished me never to hire cheap legal. You do get what you pay for.
Will Arnett Divorce. Arnett and Poheler have two kids together, whom Arnett credits with providing him happiness. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost
Why You Should Think About Rolling the D.I.C.E. Again?. Admitting you didn't pick the right one the first, second or third time is difficult to accept. The good news is that you can prevent yourself from another heartbreak by grading your mate based on the criteria called \D.I.C.E.\ -- an acronym for Dependable, Inspiring, Complementary and Enhancing!
No Sex Before Marriage A Bad Idea, Says Author (VIDEO). Should you wait until marriage to have sex? Earlier this month, Henriquez opened up about her \virginity mistake\ in Slate
How To Uncouple Insurance Policies In Divorce. While most divorcing couples focus on the delicate and often difficult issues of child custody and dividing assets, breaking
Funny Breakup. h/t nipplesquirrelham Breaking up
'Real Housewives' Divorce? Kathy Wakile Dispels Split Rumors (VIDEO). \Real Housewives of New Jersey\ star Kathy Wakile stopped by HuffPost Live on Wednesday to dispel rumors that she and husband
Funny Breakup. It looks like Google's Street View has captured its first breakup. But is this really the aftermath of a breakup? As many
3 Tips To Remind Your Friend Life Gets Better After Divorce. Divorce isn\u2019t as simple as signing a few papers and getting on with life. It is definitely a process, and sometimes a long
Cyber Wars and Your Divorce. Spouses will not only read your emails, but can even write false emails from your account, pretending to be you.
Vision of Love. My nine-year-old son has been asking (begging) for years, to complete our family with more kids and sure, maybe a dad for him and a husband for me. Little does he know how much I share in this vision as well.
Gay Husband. Jeske, who eventually split with her husband, had a strong warning for couples waiting until marriage to have sex. In a HuffPost
Permission to Love Again. I've been separated for over three years now, divorced for almost two, and there isn't a day that goes by that I don't think of everything that transpired.
Courteney Cox, David Arquette. Courteney Cox's divorce from David Arquette was finalized earlier this week after 11 years of marriage, and while we loved
Blended Family Friday. We always made a huge effort to all sit down to dinner together as many times a week as possible. Our dinner conversations
8 Tips on Telling Your Kids You're Getting a Divorce. Informing your children that you and your spouse are divorcing is not easy, nor should it be. But you can alleviate some of the pain and the pressure if you stick to a game plan based on simplicity, truth and emotional comfort.
How Much Does the Average Divorce Really Cost?. Anyone who has ever been through a divorce can tell you it's expensive for anyone at any financial level. So, how much does the average divorce really cost? Unfortunately, the answer isn't a simple one.
Marriage Is Not a Test. Failures are not vacuums; we can summon the strength to move beyond them. The realization that I could choose to redefine my divorce was powerful; it gave me the motivation and momentum to continue.
And They Lived Happily Ever After.... So today, on my best friend's wedding day, I want to share this hope with you -- the hope that true love does exist and that one day, you too will find lifelong happiness with that one special person.
Steve Nash's Divorce Court Battle With Ex-Wife Heads Up. Amarilla has said that she wants to move to Los Angeles so that the couple's three kids can spend more time with their dad
Demi Moore, Bruce Willis. Demi Moore and ex-husband Bruce Willis are taking their famously friendly relationship to the next level -- they're becoming
Miranda Lambert, Blake Shelton Marriage. \That's really the kind of trust we have,\ Shelton continued. \There are no secrets. [I'll say,] 'Go dig through my drawers
Divorce Your Divorce. How do you live your life during a divorce? Here are seven ways to help you divorce your divorce and enjoy summer.
What Does Mediation Really Mean?. Those involved in the legal system have created confusion in the marketplace regarding the concept of mediation itself. If those involved in the legal system don't know what mediation is supposed to be, how can we expect the general public to grasp the concept?
No, Gwyneth Paltrow, Divorce Is Not Easier for Moms. Easy? Absolutely not. Necessary? Yes. It took 18 months to finalize my divorce, twice as long as it took to grow the small human being in my care.
Single Moms. The public is also divided about single mothers
Getting Over An Ex. Watch the video above for more on Syrtash's tips. Then, check out the slideshow below to see what celebs have to say about
Divorce Process. Though many couples are opting for collaborative divorce and mediation today, there are times when traditional litigation
Debra Messing. Take a look back at Messing and Zelman's marriage in the slideshow below. \Now we are co-parenting beautifully \u2026 We had Thanksgiving
I Burned The Wedding Dress I Never Got To Wear (And Never Should Have Bought). He came with me to the dress shop and picked it out himself, even though he hadn't proposed. I'm not sure why I ever wanted
Who Gets The Retirement Accounts In A Divorce?. When couples divorce, they divide up their \u201cmarital assets.\u201d These include retirement accounts created or added to during
Gallup Poll Reveals Americans' Feelings On Infidelity, Divorce. The Huffington Post has teamed up with YouGov to conduct daily opinion polls. You can learn more about this project and take
Divorce And The Hardest Work Of Getting Back To Work. NEW YORK (MainStreet)\u2014One of the low points during those first post-split weeks occurred one Friday afternoon when my twelve
Are You Your Own Worst Enemy?. So ladies, I am going to say it like it is. If you do not take responsibility for your role in all that has and will happen in your life and love, you will never gain what you truly need to have everything you want as you move forward.
Tim Duncan, NBA Star, Reportedly Hired Private Investigator Before Divorce (VIDEO). A new report makes some shocking claims about San Antonio Spurs star Tim Duncan's divorce. Just last week, reports surfaced
Forgiving Your Cheating Ex-Husband Is Hard. What I don't understand, and hope to God that I'll never understand, is how the Other Woman can stick around after the wife and kids aren't so anonymous.
Funny Breakup. h/t plusoneforyou The guy who wrote the Facebook wall post to his ex below knows what we're talking about. Take a look at
Summer Vacation for the Blended Family. The fact is that a family doesn't change just because the week is called vacation. Everyone brings themselves along for the ride. Here are some tips for making vacations work.
Telling Your Kids About the Split. It's devastating to feel you're inflicting injury on your own child. For parents, anticipating \The Talk\ can be the worst part of divorce. Sometimes, in an effort to ease the pain, we cause more. Here are the six most common unintended mistakes made by well-intentioned parents.
Divorce Inequality. Imagine you need a divorce, but at court you are told that you can't get one because your state doesn't recognize your marriage. How can we expect same-sex couples to leave their lives and move somewhere just to qualify for a divorce?
Divorce Cause. This isn't the first time video games have been a source of marriage tension. In a 2011 survey of 721 Japenese women, video
Dating Tips. 2. He's learned from his mistakes. Relationships are learning experiences and when one endures the finality of divorce, he
Funny Divorce. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Ah, there's nothing like using a car sticker to let the
Sleep Tips. \One thing you can do is make sure you get your exercise,\ he said. \Twenty to thirty minutes of exercise every day helps
Was It Our Sex Life That Made You Cheat?. Although a lackluster sex life in no way justifies infidelity, exploring what was present in your erotic life prior to the affair can neutralize blame.
They Call It Commencement; After Divorce, It's Something Else. Our graduation extravaganza took place last week. While there were a few glitches, overall, it was a wonderful couple of days. I shared unforgettable moments with my firstborn son, and have a deepening appreciation for the man in my life.
Dating As a Single Mom Is the Same as Dating as a Teenager. It can be tricky to find alone time, everyone's finances are limited and you often have to answer to the scrutiny of parental figures.
What Maisie's Friend Zoe Knew. This film starts off innocently enough with a lullaby and ends with a fairy tale but the plot that unfolds in between is anything but smooth and harmonious.
Dating After Divorce; The D.A.D. Chronicles, Part I. Now that I think about it, the distaste clearly isn't limited to just women. Most single guys I know would prefer an infected scrotum to navigating the dysfunctional and sometimes treacherous waters of dating after the age of thirty.
Slow Days, Fast Years. I hope to have another man in my life at some point, but for now, it's just me and my little man. Our home is just ours. There are two toothbrushes and two towels. There are lady's shoes and little boy's shoes. There is whole milk and soy milk. It's just us.
How To Feng Shui Decor Your New House After Divorce. It may be easier moving to a house with new energy than to stay in the old one with negative energy Sometimes it can be almost
9 Tips For Co-Parenting After Divorce. Usually when a couple splits up, the silver lining is that they never have to talk to each other ever, ever again. In fact
Illinois State University Hosts Surprise Military Reunion Before Commencement. Click through the slideshow below for more heartwarming homecoming stories. She did him one better
Funny Breakup. Poor bear never saw it coming. Given that, we really have to hand it to Redditor jivins. Why? Because this intrepid lady
What to Expect When You're Expecting... a Divorce. Remember that book, What to Expect When You're Expecting? It was the number one best-seller for years, and the bible when it came to pregnancy books. It even became a movie last year. Wouldn't it be nice if there was a version of that book for divorce?
Custody Battles. You are an active dad -- way beyond changing a few diapers. You attend to the emotional needs of your kids and are genuinely involved in caretaking
Divorce. \Even though you're not staying together, the better you get along, the better off the kids are going to be,\ he said. \I've
Why There's No Joint Custody Of Friends After Divorce. Who gets custody of your friends after a divorce? Dividing everything up in a divorce is a gruesome business no matter how
Q&A. Probably, but you might not be able to stop paying right away. If you and your former spouse have an agreement or court order
The Rise Of 'Revenge Surgery'. It is nothing unusual for a recently divorced woman to spruce herself up a bit before reentering the dating game. Read more
6 Relationship Red Flag Myths That Can Destroy Your Marriage. I don't know about you, but I used to hold my marriage up to those checklists and, upon finding none of the warning signs in my own relationship, felt a sense of smug satisfaction.
Child Support Payments? Here's One Way To Avoid Paying Up. We may have come across the most honest billboard ever. On Wednesday, Redditor Rontjunior posted a photo of the roadside
What Is Cheating. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Comedian Mindy Kaling has a modest proposal
Sex Friend. One of the scariest parts of moving on after a split is dating again, and the intimidating (but exciting!) prospect of having
Four Steps To Avoid Sticky Financial Issues With Your STBX Through Divorce. I don\u2019t think I\u2019ll ever stop appreciating the fact that I had an amicable divorce. There were few fights about anything once
How to Handle the Inevitable Online Dating Drive By. I recently began online dating again. Dating advice is what I do, and I tell all my readers they should be active on at least one online dating site, if not several.
Marriage Affair. But there are several large hurdles between the affair and post-infidelity marital bliss, beginning with telling your spouse
Casual Sex After A Split Is 'First Order Of Business' (VIDEO). Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. He elaborated
TV Couples. From Lucy and Ricky to Dwight and Angela on \The Office,\ we all have our favorite television couples. Here at HuffPost Divorce
How to Fix Your Picker. Before you date again, before you draft your winsome match.com profile, before you even think about entangling yourself with another person -- know your worth.
Can Affinity Ever Trump Allegiance?. What is revealed about the maturity of the person demanding no contact for others?  These are all very interesting questions to me.  Dear readers I am very interested to hear your thoughts on this subject.
Should You Change Your Name Back After Divorce?. If you are getting divorced, make sure that your divorce decree gives you the option of changing your name back to your maiden name.
My Ex Keeps Trashing Me to the Kids! What Should I Do?. It takes practice, but you can learn to address misinformation about you (and redress the emotional damage it causes) without resorting to counterattacks or pulling your kids into an alliance against their other parent.
Graduation? Communion? Bar Mitzvah? Best Tips for Event Planning for Divorced Parents. Planning an event for the kids such as communion, bar or bat mitzvah, or even a birthday party, can turn a happy event into a nerve wrecking one.
Single Mom Kate Wolff On Why She Quit Her Day Job To Pursue Her Dreams. Watch the video above for Wolff's inspirational message, then click through the slideshow below for celebrity single moms
Single Parent. As any frazzled single dad or single mom can tell you, raising a child by yourself is no easy feat. From getting the kids
Get Along With My Ex? Are You !@#$-ing Kidding Me?. With some hard work and a few key action steps, I can now see my ex's name pop up on my caller ID and not have a pit in my stomach. Is it perfect? No. Do I feel like we're in a good place? Yes. I only got there because I decided to get there.
Life After Divorce. We're guessing divorce cake tastes even better than wedding cake. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and
Child Abduction and the Same-Sex Marriage Issue. Let's say that a child is born to a same-sex married couple (or registered domestic partnership or civil union). What do you think happens if that same couple later moved to a jurisdiction that fails to recognize their relationship?
Cheating Wife's Reported Lover Escapes From Third-Story Window (VIDEO). Talk about making a break for it! The woman's reported lover then pauses on a window sill before jumping onto a mat provided
Traveling As A Single Parent. Whether it\u2019s just the thought of a long-haul flight with a toddler or a special father-daughter theme park holiday, vacationing
Tattoo Cover Up Replaces Ex-Girlfriend With A Scary Sight (PHOTO). We're generally of the opinion that commemorative tattoos of your partner's face are a bad idea. Sure, it might seem romantic
Dwyane Wade Opens Up About Marriage, Fatherhood In Jet Magazine. On the court, Dwyane Wade is an all-star guard for the Miami Heat. But off the court, he plays doting single dad to sons
Red Flag. In a blog post earlier this month, writer Dani Alpert opened up about why she married her ex-husband when she knew she wasn't
Funny Sign. Redditor raffegold recently snapped a photo of this sign he saw outside of a local pub. Charming, no? This isn't the first
Tiger Woods, Lindsey Vonn Photographed In Las Vegas At Tiger Jam (PHOTO). Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Just days after the National Enquirer reported that Tiger
Nora Ephron Quotes To Get You Through A Breakup (PHOTOS). 2. (Photos via Getty Images and AP) 6. The late Nora Ephron put her keen knack for observation to use in essays, novels and
Online Dating. But does the science work? Kerri Johnson, an assistant psychology professor at UCLA, told Good Morning America that \there
Caught Cheating. And I made matters worse by not taking responsibility for my own actions. So if you're a woman who has been caught having
Should You Take Back a Lying Partner?. The key ingredient in any relationship is trust. Coupled with respect and love, trust gives you a strong basis as a couple. While trust is a bond, it is also a tenuous one, easily broken, if one of the partners constantly lies.
Blended Family Friday. What's the best thing about being part of a blended family? I always wanted a large family, but I didn't have my first child
Shopping for a Divorce Lawyer. Don't allow your spouse's bullying or your own anxiety to force you into any sudden moves. Choosing a divorce lawyer is one of the most important things you'll ever do. Researching options will pay huge financial and emotional dividends -- for the rest of your life.
Divorce Finances. Change is coming for unhappily married couples who reported that they were staying together to avoid the financial costs
Is He Cheating? A 1950s Guide. Based on the book Marriage for Moderns by Henry A. Bowman comes Jealousy, a dramatization of the origin and nature of a wife\u2019s
Pat Robertson. Pat Robertson is no stranger to controversy. His opinions on everything from politics to homosexuality tend to reverberate
Stop Painting Your Ex as a Horrible, Negligent Addict and Resolve Your Divorce Guilt. If you feel like your guilt is getting in the way of having a lower conflict divorce, explore those feelings with a therapist and try to get over it in a positive way.
Blake Shelton, Miranda Lambert. Gotta love his sense of humor! The country stars tied the knot in May 2011 after six years of dating. \The truth is,\ he
Stay Together For The Kids? HuffPost Blogger Denise Albert Says No (VIDEO). \I think that a lot of people stay because of the kids and I think that's actually worse,\ Denise Albert, co-creator of lifestyle
A Great Excuse to Have a Party (a Profile-Writing Party, That Is!). I know many of you have used online dating and here's my question for you
Divorce Party. Couples counselor Donna Martini told CBS that the celebrations help facilitate the moving on process. But psychiatrist Harris
Should You Pay Off Your Ex's Credit Cards?. When the Love Boat morphs into the Titanic and you are flailing in the icy waters of the North Atlantic, the banks are not rescuers, they're sharks..
Casual Sex. For the last few years of my marriage, my sexuality was completely repressed. It even trickled into my daily life, from the
Casual Sex After Divorce. For Cullen, casual sex was a way to re-discover her sexuality after years of giving sex the short shrift in her marriage
Funny Divorce. Tell us what you think would be the worst name for a divorce law firm below, then click through the slideshow below for 21
Child Support. \I'm just overwhelmed with the [child support] bills,\ Billy said. \So I made the choice to live in my vehicle, so I can
Teen Depression In Girls Linked To Absent Fathers In Early Childhood. The study, published Wednesday in Psychological Medicine, found that girls whose fathers left when they were between the
Delete Ex On Facebook. You and your ex have officially called it quits. You've split up all your belongings, moved into separate homes, and you've
Warrick Dunn, Ex NFL Star, Surprises Single Mom With New Home (VIDEO). But Dunn isn't the only one to lend a hand to single moms in need. In the week leading up to Mother's Day, Habitat for Humanity
Dear Prudence. Q. Husband Wants an Open Marriage
3 Concerns For Women Planning Retirement. According to recent U.S. census data, almost 50% of women age 65 or older are single, either because they have been widowed
Jennifer Lopez. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. In a new interview with Entertainment Tonight, Lopez said
Every Woman Needs $5,000 in Her Own Account -- Even If It's a Secret. No one sets out to get a divorce. No one sets out to have a car accident, either. But sometimes the minivan gets wrecked, and thank God you have insurance, right? So insure yourself.
Bethenny Frankel Divorce. And though Bethenny seems to be embracing her new, single identity, her estranged husband Jason Hoppy decidedly isn't. Despite
Funny Divorce. Revenge is a dish best served cold -- or at least with an ice cold soda. Imgur user justcalliestuffs recently took a photo
Katy Perry, Russell Brand. In a new interview with Italy's Max magazine, Katy Perry -- whose parents Keith and Mary Hudson are Christian pastors -- let
Chief Keef's Child Support Payments Revealed. According to TMZ, the \I Don't Like\ rapper was ordered to pay $2,600 a month in child support, in addition to $500 in day
Divorced Parents Reveal Their Secrets. 2. Encourage your spouse to take personal time. It is relatively common to take the divide-and-conquer approach to parenting
For the Betrayer. You've made a terrible mistake. You got caught up in a flirtation that led to an affair. It felt so good at the time and it all happened so quickly.
Abolish Alimony. Barring a few outlying scenarios, there does not seem to be much need for alimony or palimony these days other than to be punitive.
The Benefits of Dating Single Dads. There is a warmth and wholeness to single dads that men without children rarely possess. Another perk
It Happened To Me. I cheated with someone at work.\u2028 \u00a0 It\u2019s not something I\u2019ve done before or will ever do again. I\u2019ve been happily married for
Getting Back At Your Ex -- By Getting Surgery. Editor's note
Divorce Care Package. If there's ever a time you need a little distraction in your life, it's during the divorce process. That's why we launched
'What Maisie Knew' Starring Julianne Moore Spotlights Custody Battle (VIDEO). Based on Henry James' 1897 novel, the movie is told through the eyes of six-year-old Maisie, played by Onata Aprile, who
Five Best Choices You Can Make When It Comes to Your Divorce. If you are contemplating a divorce or are in a period of separation, it can be a scary time in your life. There are many uncertainties
What If Your Failed Marriage Was Really a Success?. At the same time I heard a voice -- clear as day -- ring out in my mind. It said, \He will not be the last man you love.\
Divorced Mom. That's why we were so impressed by the effort Reddit user GarveyBiggiz made to ensure that his newly divorced mom knew how
Dating With an Open Mind. Life is too short to drink bad wine or weak coffee. However, I have no problem downing an occasional bag of stale Doritos. The point is, life is short. That is what kept running through my head each time I prepared to meet a new Match.com date.
Spring Cleaning Post-Divorce. It was necessary for me to do some spring cleaning (this past winter) post-divorce. In order to ensure that my apartment reflects the new person I feel I have become, I have had to make a few changes.
Breakup Advice. Let's face it
On Mother's Day -- Take a Single Mom to Brunch. Mother's Day has a way of making single moms feel quite alone. It's often seen as a celebration of the traditional nuclear family. Of the legacy that comes from being partnered, of having a spouse say, \Wow, I'm so happy we made these kids together.\
Dating After Divorce. What are some of the most common mistakes divorc\u00e9s make when dating again? That's the question dating coach Sandy Weiner
The Relationship Advice That Wrecked My Marriage. Here are the three most common, unhelpful pieces of relationship advice along with what I now know are more productive alternatives.
Successful Co-Parenting. Need advice on making things work with your ex? Commit to do right by your kids with these helpful tips from southeast Michigan
Can You Be Friends With Your Ex's New Wife. Many people ask me if it is a good idea\u00a0\u2014 or even possible \u2014 to become friends with their ex-husband's new wife. This can
Cheating Spouse. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. According to CNBC, the app now requires a pin for access
I Had A Divorce Party With My Ex. In the fall of 2006, I married my first husband. We had a pretty great marriage, did a lot of cool things, but it ultimately
7 Tips For Dating As A Single Mom. As an online dating coach, I work with many single moms who are lost about what how to date again after divorce. Feeling
5 Custody, Visitation Tips For Mother's Day. With Mother's Day right around the corner, moms who don't always have their kids at home might be wondering about Mother's
The Desperate Dater. While you may not even know you come across as a desperate dater, it shows in how you act and in what you say. Seriously, nothing will send a woman or a man running away faster than a desperate, needy date. You can avoid this by following a few simple rules of dating.
Don't Let Your Wife Cheat on the Day After Mother's Day. If Mom doesn't feel appreciated, the resentment can erode the foundation of the entire marriage. Let's face it, Mom wants acknowledgement on Mother's Day not only from the kids but from the father of her children.
Dream Study. Have dreams about your partner ever affected your relationship behavior during the day? Tell us in the comments, then click
Danica Patrick, Ricky Stenhouse Jr. Are Comfortable With Their High-Profile Romance. Though the couple has been under the microscope as a pair, there's no doubt that Patrick is the more high-profile of the
Single Mom Mother's Day. Divorce coach, Mandy Walker is the founder of the divorce support blog Since My Divorce. Contact Mandy for a free 30-minute
Dating After Divorce. What's the one quality you won't tolerate in a post-divorce relationship? On Thursday, tweeters used the trending hashtag
An Open Letter to the Newly Divorced Woman. Please stop crying. You should be celebrating. More likely than not, he won't be sitting home crying over you.
'Biggest Loser' Divorce. One year after tying the knot, \Biggest Loser\ couple Sam Poueu and Stephanie Anderson are calling it quits. \It is with
Jennifer Lopez Concert Movie Will Touch On Her Divorce From Marc Anthony. Lopez appears to be following in the footsteps of Perry, who released a concert movie -- \Katy Perry
Prenup. Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com You don't need a prenup if you think that you have no talent, you'll stay broke
True Story. This woman didn't earn the family's income or even oversee much of the bill payment. Yet for three years she took charge
Celebrating Mother's Day as a Stepmom. It's a new generation, and blended families are the new norm.  This realization struck me yesterday, when my stepdaughter, a third-grader, relayed the details of her day at school.
Why Divorced Moms Need to Let Go of Their Guilt. With trepidation, I started to read. In the time it took me to read two handwritten pages, my burden was lifted. My maternal
Single Mom Care Package. If you've ever been through a divorce or bad breakup involving kids, you're way ahead in this situation, but if not, and you're like most people, you won't have the first clue what to say (\I'm sorry?\ \Congratulations?\).
Cheating Survey Finds That Americans Are Generally Forgiving Of Politicians' Extramarital Affairs. And it looks like real-life voters are just as understanding as the hypothetical ones that participated in the poll. On Tuesday
Marriage Scam. Watch the video above for more on Amy's story, then click through the slideshow below to see why readers left their exes
Good News For Divorcing Women. It might be the understatement of the century to say that government doesn\u2019t always work the way we\u2019d like it to. Sometimes
Funny Breakup. When the kiss cam zooms in on you at a sporting event, you give it what it wants
Mother's Day Gifts For Single Moms. Stumped on what to get the woman who does it all -- a.k.a. a single mom -- this Mother's Day? Good news
The 3 Lies We Tell Ourselves About Mother's Day. It is that dreaded time of year for stepmothers everywhere -- Mother's Day. It is reasonable that children spend Mother's Day with their mother. Meanwhile, stepmothers are left to justify why they do not care about Mother's Day.
For Stepmothers Who Dread Mother's Day. Yup, this Sunday is Mother's Day and Hallmark and reality are once again on a collision course. Many stepmothers will get their feelings hurt, their hopes dashed, their efforts unacknowledged and that sinking feeling of \why in the world do I even try?\
Online Dating. My friends have cleared me to date, \get out there\ has been stated, texted, messaged, and posted by my inner circle. I've been in two serious post-divorce relationships and just ended a little something. But, where the heck is a divorced single mom going to meet the perfect guy?
How Much Do You Trust Your Former Spouse?. How many of you would consider sharing a checking account with your ex after the divorce is final? I'm not just talking about the joint bank account, where only specific funds are deposited and withdrawn for spousal and child support monies. I'm talking about a truly shared account.
The Pitfalls of Looking Next. When looking forward becomes habitual, problems can start to develop. There is a reason that so many people (including grandparents, yoga instructors, self-help authors) tell you to live in the now. That's where happiness resides.
This Feels Very Adult. What happens when the one thing that is supposed to make you feel secure in the world upends your world?
The Blame Game. One of the tragedies of split custody is depending on the warmth between you and your ex, your child is out of your control. It might be for days at a time. You have to bury your worry and love, so that you don't waste the time you're apart -- so that when you do get your child back, you're not a clingy basket-case.
Top 10 Legal Issues For Single Moms. There are many single moms out there, including glitzy and glamorous ones. In fact, more than one-third of all American moms
Crystal Bowersox. The former couple tied the knot in October 2010 after a brief engagement. Their wedding was attended by 60 guests, including
Cheating Moms' Affair Habits Revealed In New Ashley Madison Survey. But that's not all. In a press release published Tuesday, the site also revealed that they typically see the highest spike
Divorce Tattoo. That's exactly what Imgur user aboutagirl1 did to mark the end of her days as a married woman -- and the start of her new
The Top 5 Leonardo DiCaprio Movies About Doomed Romances. This weekend, \u201cThe Great Gatsby,\u201d Baz Luhrmann\u2019s overstuffed pi\u00f1ata of a literary adaptation, opens everywhere (read our
My Virginity Mistake. I was 14 years old when I married Jesus. Not Jesus, the Panamanian who worked at Six Flags. I mean Jesus Christ, the Lord
Divorce. In 2011, I did something that would make most divorce attorneys cringe
5 Amazing Ways for Single Moms to Celebrate Mother's Day. Mother's Day can be especially trying for newly single moms. In the past it was their significant others who planned the day and assisted the kids with picking out cards,flowers and activities. But here are some low stress ways to celebrate the amazing solo mom you are with your kids.
10 Real-Life Dating Tips From Real-Life Couples. Just like how every love story has a protagonist with a sidekick who readily doles out dating advice, newly single daters need someone to guide them down the path to love as well.
Second Wedding. But one detail you might forget to pay special attention to while planning? Finding a DJ that's sensitive to the fact that
A Tribute to Teens and an Invitation to Adults. The tribute I want to pay in this blog is to a group of high school and college students I work with in a support group. Each individual shares a common family experience
I Said, \I Do,\ When I Didn't. When I got married, I was 28, not in love with my ex, and I insisted on getting married where no wedding had gone before.
Pets Very Helpful for Children Coping With Divorce. Divorce can be one of life's biggest traumas for children. At these times, pets can often be helpful to your children and the entire family.
Funny Breakup. Yoda would be proud. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Tell us what you think of this snarky
Never Say This To A Friend Who's Been Cheated On. Your friend calls you in the middle of the night, crying. She sniffles and barely manages to say, \He did it again. He cheated!\
Asking For Help. By knowing our own weaknesses and seeking out others who compensate for them, life difficulties become a little more manageable.
Life After Divorce. If there's ever a time your home needs a little update, it's after divorce. Who wants to be reminded of an ex every time
Disparity Between Child Support and Custody Enforcement. It is evident that the enforcement of child support and visitation are treated separately in the civil system. The law is quick and severe when child support is not paid but is largely toothless when a father is denied seeing his children.
The Number 1 Reason Marriages Fail. When a marriage ends, it's been ending for a long time, except one party always seems to be blind to all the warning signs. If you're a woman that's had trouble processing your divorce, these are a couple of things that I'd like you to do to really start to understand.
Blended Family Friday. As part of our Blended Family Friday series, each week we're spotlighting a different stepfamily to learn how they successfully
10 Things To Replace After Your Divorce. When I got divorced 10 years ago, I stayed in the house that my then-husband and I had bought. After everything was finalized
How To Keep The Relationship With Your Ex On Good Email Terms. Pretend like you and your ex-spouse are lifelong business partners, because you are. Read more on www.yourtango.com
Paul Shirley Says Religious NBA Players Cheat On Their Wives (VIDEO). Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Watch the segment above for more on Shirley's take (and
Charlie Sheen, Brooke Mueller. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. In December, Richards told \Access Hollywood\ that she
Marriage Counselor Or Mediator?. Conventional wisdom holds that marriage counselors are in the business of fixing relationships, while mediators are in the business of dismantling them.
Why I'm Grateful For My Narcissist Ex. I can honestly say I am grateful for my narcissist ex.
How Single Or Dual Parenting Affects Early Brain Development. It\u2019s a study in mice, but results from an intriguing experiment suggests that having one or two parents can affect new nerve
Expert Advice For Divorcing Women. In my work as a Divorce Financial Strategist\u2122, I always advise clients to Think Financially, Not Emotionally\u00ae as they are
Top 20 Tough Realities Of Divorce. Many of us are children of divorce and divorced parents. The experience we had as a child infuses our choices and journeys
Charlie Sheen Defends Denise Richards' Weight On Twitter. Denise Richard got flak from the media last week for debuting what some considered a \shockingly thin\ frame. Richards has
Fortune Cookie Seems To Recommend Infidelity (PHOTO). Is it just us, or is this saucy little baked good suggesting we sleep around? You know how adding the words \in bed\ to the
Men After Divorce. Why do men especially seem to struggle with divorce?
Cheating Drug. Click through the slideshow for other reasons men cheat, according to men
Boston Marathon Stories. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Fortunately, her co-workers at Del Frisco's steak house
Welcome To Splitsville. The recession nearly killed the divorce industry around here, though that\u2019s not saying much. We in Massachusetts tend to
Private Eye aka Cupid's Assistant. It's important to thoroughly vet new suitors especially if in your guts you suspect something askew with your new Romeo's intentions.
When Should A Stepparent Step In?. \I don't have to do what you say. You're not my real father/mother!\ is a line that every stepchild worth their salt tries
Bethenny Frankel Nearing Divorce Settlement With Jason Hoppy. Bethenny Frankel is almost a single woman. According to RadarOnline, Frankel and Hoppy have a prenup. Frankel is worth an
Stepmom Issue. Pretty thoughtful advice, right? What do you do when you really like your stepparent, but you don't want your mom or dad
Bad Husband, Bad Wife, Good TV. A couple of months ago, I complained that all the married couples on Downton Abbey had become stilted and boring. It turns
Divorce Rate Written On Sidewalk Next To Wedding Party (PHOTO). We'll tell you who
Pet Reunion Turns Sour. But as it turns out, the bird -- whom he nicknamed \Love Love\ -- wasn't Taylor's after all. An official from Montana's Parrot
Doing It After Divorce. I truly think that the first time you have sex after marriage is a monumental experience. It can be traumatizing, scary, sad, or strange, but it can also be exciting, fun, heart-stoppingly great, or over-the-top, out of the ballpark amazing.
Why An Affair May Not Matter In Your Divorce. Although many people believe the elimination of the blame game helps alleviate the emotional and financial expense of divorce, there are many others who believe the judicial system isn't fair because they never got to tell the \real\ story.
Divorce Vows to My Ex-Husband. I am now ready to write the vows that I will pledge to my ex-husband and more importantly, to myself.
How To Make Marriage Work With A Blended Family With Teenagers. While blending two families presents new opportunities to bond, it can also present some challenges. Arguments and elevated
Discuss College Savings During Divorce Process. When Mary Thate and her now ex-husband divorced, she had no idea where her children would go to college. As a couple, they
How To Tell A Cheater From A Sex Addict. Many people, both men and women, cheat on the person they are in a relationship with; at least 20-30% admit it depending
Car Sticker Illustrates Stick Figure Family After Divorce (PHOTO). Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. You know those stick figure family decals that parents
The Adulterous Sins Of Our Father Figures - NYTimes.com. Several years ago, my mother's partner sent me an e-mail confessing to an emotional affair. He wrote that although he and
Best Places To Travel After A Divorce. Reeling from a messy split? Treat yourself with some post-divorce travel therapy. Read more on www.travelandleisure.com
Divorce Air Wars. My divorce clients covet their travel points and are often surprised that they might have to share their points with a divorcing spouse.
Top Three Concerns of Divorcing Moms. While our society has mostly embraced women in the workplace, it continues to place the majority of the parenting role on the mothers. This is particularly true after a divorce, making it essential that divorcing moms get the best possible settlements for the future of their families.
Dwyane Wade's Divorce Is Quite Expensive (VIDEO). The former high school sweethearts split in 2007 after five years of marriage. They have two sons together, Zion and Zaire
Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries. You would think that when a marriage clearly goes bad, both people would be eager to get out so they can put a stop to the bad feelings, and get a fresh start with the hope of turning whatever they had just been through into a life lesson. But that is easier said than done.
Financial Tips For Second Marriages And Blended Families. From estate planning to savings priorities, there\u2019s a lot to think about before saying \u201cI do\u201d. Read more on www.newyorklife.com
How to Make Your Marriage Last Longer Than the Wedding. Why is it, a spouse can get along with everyone on the job, at the gym, at the school, at the church, in the community, in the office; but they can't get along with their spouse at home?
Why You Should Be Nice To The Step Parent. Here is what my ex's wife does for my children
Should I Tell My Future Child About My First Marriage?. I left my ex for someone else. I wasn't cheating on him. Rather, it was for a person who didn't exist yet
We're Divorced!  What's Left to Argue Over?. Welcome to the unknown, brave new world of co-parenting, or perhaps its more complicated sibling, co-parenting with stepparents!  Splendid.  Little disagreements that turned into giant disputes when you were married are now exponentially worse as a divorced couple.
Easing Transitions Between Two Homes in the 'Tender Years'. As despair and rage subsides, adult relationships reconstitute from lovers to more business-like, problem-solving platonic parents. It's possible this way to be devoted and reliable parents, who raise secure well-loved and cared for children.
Betrayal Blindness. When betrayal occurs in relationships that we depend on for our physical and psychological survival, we often just don't see it. It's not stupidity. It's human nature.
Blended Family Friday. If you'd like your own family to be featured on a Blended Family Friday, please email us at divorce@huffingtonpost.com. We're
Danica Patrick Divorce. Danica Patrick is officially divorced. According to ESPN, the NASCAR driver's divorce from husband Paul Hospenthal was finalized
Why Men And Women Don't Have the Same Marriage. Forget about \two becoming one\ when a man and woman marry; in fact, what we really experience is a \his\ and a \hers\ marriage -- a husband's and a wife's.
Kim Kardashian Divorce. \Don't you think I should slow down?\ she said with a laugh. \I think that I should slow down. I think that I'm just really
Guns and Divorce, a Dangerous Mix. Divorce and domestic violence are all too common. Check with any police agency and you will find that a family out of control is one of the most volatile situations that a law enforcement officer ever has to deal with.
Open Relationship. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Pinkett Smith got fans buzzing again earlier this month
Sonic Youth's Kim Gordon Reveals Why She Split From Thurston Moore. In the latest issue of Elle, Gordon says her marriage \ended in a kind of normal way -- midlife crisis, starstruck woman
Divorce Silver Linings. When major life events happen, good or bad, we're changed forever. You can embrace that change and make the best of it, or you can let the sting linger forever. And \sting\ might be a generous word when we're talking about divorce recovery.
Cheating Spouses' Dining Preferences Revealed In New Ashley Madison Survey. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. \u201cChain restaurants are larger and less conspicuous
Email, Texting Can Become A WMD During A Divorce Or Custody Case. SAN DIEGO, April 23, 2013 \u2013 Email, text messaging, and social media are facts of modern life. They have many strengths
Top Divorce Lawyers. In the crazy overload of last week, Kim Kardashian dumped the news that her 72-day marriage to NBA player Kris Humphries
La Toya Jackson Details Ex-Husband Jack Gordon's Abuse On HuffPost Live (VIDEO). Ultimately, Jackson was able to end the relationship and filed for divorce in 1996 after seven years of marriage. She told
Dress Made Of Divorce Papers Is Impressive (PHOTOS). Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Impressive, right? It's not the first time we've seen
Divorce Care Package. If there's ever a time you need a little distraction in your life, it's during the divorce process. That's why we've launched
Pet Photos. But in our opinion, nothing encourages healing after heartbreak quite like a good pet. Whether they're licking you while
Jilted Husband Sues Bride For Allegedly Taking $72,000 In Wedding Gifts. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. She reportedly declined to wed him legally because she
'I Felt Betrayed When My Husband Came Out Of The Closet'. Since most gay Americans do not have the right to legally marry a same-sex partner, some enter mixed-orientation marriages
Single Moms (And Other Strong Women) Need Alpha Males. The other night, my single mom friend Sarah and I were IMing about how we prefer men who are aggressive in bed.
Margaret Thatcher Biography Claims Prime Minister's Husband, Sir Denis Thatcher, 'Contemplated Divorce'. In the new authorized biography of Lady Thatcher, former Daily Telegraph editor Charles Moore details the critical moment
Matchmaking Undone. So while something old, such as matchmaking, preserves the continuity of tradition; something new is divorce, which offers hope for renewal and optimism for the future.
Kim Kardashian Marriage. In an interview with Ryan Seacrest Sunday night, the newly divorced reality star revealed that she would consider marrying
Divorce Story. This may be one of the oddest divorce stories we've ever read. According to the International Business Times, an Egyptian
Cheating Stories. Earlier this month, Imgur user gorillaimage posted an image of a moving company that apparently rids you of your cheating
Jennifer Lopez Divorce. Is Jennifer Lopez publicly bad-mouthing estranged husband Marc Anthony in her new track \What Is Love (Part II)\? Click through
Help For The Childless Stepmom. The feeling of being an \outsider\ and wondering if it will ever go away is almost universal for every childless stepmother I've worked with.
4 Ways To Co-Parent More Successfully After Divorce. While moving through divorce can seem like an insurmountable obstacle, for many parents it is just the beginning of a new and equally intimidating challenge -- co-parenting your children.
Financial Infidelity. Why is it that as most new relationships develop, couples tend to see each other naked before seeing each other's bank accounts?
Blended Family Friday. What makes you proudest of your family? I'm proud of our family in a lot of ways, but one of the biggest ways is challenging
Dating After Divorce. The divorce is official, your custody arrangement has been hammered out, and you've finally said sayonara to your ex -- for
Kris Humphries Divorce From Kim Kardashian Official Nearly A Year And A Half After Filing. What's most remarkable about the divorce? It took a whopping 1 year, 5 months and 20 days for Kardashian and Humphries to
When To File For Ex's Social Security Benefits?. I just turned 62 and am divorced and single. My ex-husband will be 63 years old this year. Is it possible for me to collect
Katy Perry, Russell Brand. When asked about her post-split anthems \Wide Awake\ and \Part of Me\ at Thursday's American Society of Composers, Authors
Military Mom, Army Maj. Laura Byrd, Surprises Daughter At School Assembly (VIDEO). When 15-year-old Dejsha Tatum took a seat in her school auditorium for an assembly about the military on Tuesday, she had
How Many Frogs Must You Kiss to Find Your Prince (or Princess) Charming?. Realistically, finding the right relationship is a numbers game. The more stringent your requirements are for a partner, the fewer are the people who will be able to meet them.
Tips For Divorced Parents To Have A Stress-Free Summer Vacation. Summer vacation can be a stressful for time for all parents. What to do with the kids? How to keep them busy?
Divorce Diaries. The most incredible things that I have witnessed through my kids eyes have been in the past year, since I separated from their dad. And that's because now I can fully enjoy being a mom on a mission doing and enjoying every journey we take.
Kim Kardashian's Ugly Crying Face Featured On IPhone Case (PHOTO). And now, that infamous divorce breakdown is immortalized in the form of an iPhone case for sale on Amazon.com
Jane Seymour, James Keach. \Obviously, it's really devastating,\ the former Bond girl said. \It did happen a while ago. It was sort of kept quiet.\ \We
Is He Cheating? Answer Depends On How You Define Infidelity (VIDEO). Up for discussion? Hugging someone of the opposite sex for more than 10 seconds, spending the night in the same bed, sending
Funny Divorce. There's no shortage of weird objects to be found on Craigslist. Who doesn't need a Free VCR with a porno video stuck in it
Jane Seymour and James Keach. Sometimes enough is enough, and it takes a lot of courage to end a marriage after so many years together. One way to avoid reaching that point is to make sure those trust issues that appeared in the earlier years of your marriage don't go unchecked or ignored.
The Most Important Thing Missing From The Divorce Process. Divorce has become so common place in our society that when we hear of a neighbor or friend divorcing we have a tendency
Five Tips For Co-Parenting When You Can\u2019t Stand Your Ex. The process of divorce is hard enough, but when you have to co-parent with an ex who has become the bane of your existence
The Truth About Being A Single Mom. AS a five-year veteran of the single mom gig, I\u2019ve been on a constant emotional rollercoaster\u2014feeling like queen of the universe
Helping Children After Divorce. Divorce is a part of life for many children. Since roughly 50% of all marriages in the United States end in divorce, it\u2019s
Growing Pains. I have forgiven. I forgave him, and I didn't even realize it. Oh how I fought it. Tooth and nail, I did. I looked like a dog being dragged into the veterinarian's office, probably. Claws dug into the floor, neck straining against the pull of the leash.
The New Comfort Zone. These stories aren't new, and similar ones are detailed in divorce books. But until you go through the discomfort, unfamiliarity
Susan Sarandon. Susan Sarandon stopped by Huffpost Live on Wednesday to dish on her latest film, \The Big Wedding.\ Also on the agenda? Marriage
Pulitzer Prize-Winner Sharon Olds Talks Poetry, Divorce. More than a decade later, after her children had grown, Olds published the poems in Stag's Leap, a collection which won the
Divorce Settlement. \u201cIt\u2019s clear that divorced women face an uncertain future in retirement,\u201d spokesperson Shellie Wells said in the press release
Should You Keep The House In A Divorce?. You want the house. You know you want the house, unless it brings back too many bad memories. The question then is
Half House. So what's the real story behind this unusual home? Over on the site blogTO, Chris Bateman did some digging and found out
Dating After Divorce. After waking up next to the same person for years, finding yourself alone in the mornings can be a tough wake-up call for those recently divorced. And if you're adding the pressure of dating again, it's no wonder you feel more than just a little panicked!
The Forever Dad. What kids need is a loving, predictable father figure -- whether married to their mother or divorced. I don't think anyone can argue that point. However, I believe that divorced dads are often portrayed in the media in a negative light.
Why Men Cheat. While working as a high-class escort for nine years, Rebecca Dakin saw hundreds of married men turn to her to fulfill sexual
Facebook Cheating May Be Used Against You In Court (INFOGRPAHIC). It's no surprise that social media has made cheating easier than ever before -- after all, an old flame or flirty friend
Bad Breakup. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. \I like the idea of passive aggressive break up notes
Dating During Divorce. People have mixed feelings about dating while going through the divorce process. While dating someone new can boost your confidence after a break-up, should you wait until the divorce is officially over before seeking out someone new?
Cheating Husband. Even those with opposing answers to that question can agree that -- at the very least -- it's complicated. And the verdict
Dating After Divorce. Here at HuffPost Divorce, we're always on the lookout for dating advice to help guide divorcees post-split. So when #iDontWantYouIf
Jennie Garth, Peter Facinelli Divorce. \Twilight\ actor Peter Facinelli stopped by HuffPost Live on Monday to reflect on his acting career. Also on the agenda? What
Ozzy Osbourne Divorce? A Look Back At His And Sharon's Three-Decade-Long Marriage. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. \They are living at different addresses and not spending
Social Media Study Finds Link Between Media Use And Relationship Satisfaction. Click through the slideshow below to learn about 10 other surprising divorce research findings from the past year. Keep in
Social Media Anxiety. Facebook's mission may be to \connect the world,\ but when it comes to divorce, connecting with your ex is probably the last
Why I Was Reluctant To Let Go Of My 'Single Mother' Title. Angie and I were playing hide-and-seek at the playground on a Wednesday afternoon when three helicopters starting circling
Red Flags In A Relationship. More Stories On YourTango
5 Ways To Win The Heart Of A Single Mom. Dating a single mom might not be the right choice for every single man. It takes a special kind of guy to want to be involved with a woman who is committed to devoting a significant amount of time and attention to her children.
Great Sex = Great Marriage?. I believe that intimacy is critical to a great and lasting marriage. I have yet to meet a couple who was having marriage problems and thinking about divorce who told me that they still had phenomenal intimacy.
Kim Kardashian Divorce Court Look Is Surprising. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. With her hair slicked back into a tight pony-tail, the
Viagra And Divorce. If you aren't having sex with your husband and yet your medication list at the pharmacy (or on your health insurance records) indicates that your spouse is taking erectile dysfunction pills such as Viagra, chances are he may be cheating.
25 Ways I Will Be A Better Wife Next Time. If I get a do-over and remarry, I hope I will be a different kind of wife. A better wife.
Blended Family Friday. Click through the slideshow the see photos of Valerie and Brandon's family. What makes you proudest of your family? Oh, gosh
Marriage Problems. In a HuffPost Divorce blog post earlier this month, author Monique Honaman wrote about how detrimental nagging can be in
Quick Divorce. \u201cWe are pulling folks who are at the bottom, who don\u2019t have any help, who don\u2019t have any representative assistance,\u201d Mize
Cheaters Deserve Compassion, Says Author Wendy Plump (VIDEO). Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Should we have compassion for cheaters? Watch the video
Second Marriages. If you were to remarry, would what would you do differently? That's the question Emma Johnson tackled on Friday in a HuffPost
The Six Steps Of Recovery After An Affair. Does infidelity always have to mean the end of the relationship? Affairs can be painful and shocking, and can often cause untold damage. However, for some couples, an affair may also be a path to strength and to a renewed and even stronger relationship.
Divorce Rates Declining In The U.S. (Interactive Map). Every state in the U.S. that tracks divorce rates saw a drop in the number of people getting divorced over the last 20 years.
Healthier Ever After. The time has come for you to shift gears and pour your energy into yourself rather than your failing marriage. In order to be the best version of you it is necessary to stop living in marital limbo and make the most of each day.
The Compassion Trap. You can argue that people reconcile out of fear, or crappy financial consequences, or keeping it together for the kids. But I also think mixed up in there is compassion -- a great big heart that is trying very hard to love someone who has grievously hurt them.
Porsha Stewart, Kordell Stewart. \u201cWhen he filed for divorce, she found out about it online,\u201d the source said. \u201cSo she kept her wedding ring on out of shock
Till Divorce Do Us Part. I want to offer you a different perspective, in response to the two thoughtful emails you posted from older gentlemen commenting
Wrestlemania 29. The real star of Wrestlemania 29 over the weekend wasn't John Cena or The Rock. (Photo courtesy of Chris Swendeman/Townsquare
Dear Prudence. Q. I'm Dying, Husband Affair
When Your Divorced Parents Love Each Other. I was fortunate that my mom and dad had a very civilized divorce, but I have absolutely no recollection of them as a couple and they are polar opposites, which always made me feel like I came from Jupiter and Mars.
Breaking Free of \The Approval Trap\ After Divorce. After my divorce over a decade ago, I became painfully aware of how I often gave too much in my marriage and was left feeling depleted
Summers of Hate, Seasons of Love. Maybe I'm just giving myself a public pep talk, trying to convince myself that the tension in a relationship or two of my own will fade in favor of an even stronger bond.
At the Intersection of Divorced and Engaged. My first love was uncomplicated and smooth, a simplicity born of inexperience at its core. Love now holds a remembrance of the bitterness yet it is richer and more complex than ever before.
Awkward Stock Photos. 10. Why I oughta... 5. Picture-perfect portrait of a cheater. 8. Now how did that get there... 1. WTF. One of the hardest
Divorce Benefits. An upside of divorce? It can make you a better parent. Just ask author Eileen Workman. In a HuffPost Live segment on Tuesday
Stress Quotes. Click through the slideshow below for 15 more quotes to help you move on after a split. To help you let go of any small worries
Miranda Lambert, Blake Shelton. Lambert and Shelton -- who tied the knot back in May 2011 -- have been the targets of numerous infidelity rumors. Last week
Relationship Problems. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. On Tuesday's episode of \Katie,\ relationship expert and
Can An Affair Make Your Relationship Stronger?. In some cases, an affair will put the spotlight on certain differences that are irreconcilable. But on the other side of the pain lies the possibility that an act of infidelity can actually make your marriage or love relationship stronger
Single, Stuck But Safe. So perhaps I haven't bailed on the women I've seen lately because I can't break my newfound bachelor habit. Maybe it's just that I haven't yet felt the inspiration that leaves me wanting to break it.
Susan Patton and the Divorce Class War. Susan Patton set up a class war with her piece
Divorce In Your 40s. Picture the typical divorcee -- what age is she? Probably not in her 20s; isn't that when women start marrying? Maybe her
The Choice of My Life. Did I believe him again and jump back on to the roller coaster, or did I dare to step away from that life and brave the scary world without him?
Divorcing The 'Character Disordered'. These splits may be exceptionally toxic.
Giving Up the Story. I gave myself permission to acknowledge the validity of my own story.\u00a0And once known -- deeply, truly known and felt in my soul -- I didn't need anyone, including my ex -- to hear me.
Celebrity Engagement. There's no question that finding love again after divorce can be both daunting and emotionally taxing. So when it does happen
Blended Families. \I generally think it should be a year from separation because I think the children need the time to adjust,\ Neuman said
Bad Breakup. \A text message would have sufficed,\ khotch joked. Yeah, no kidding. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook
Good Mom, Bad Wife? Bloggers Weigh In On HuffPost Live (VIDEO). Do good moms make bad wives? Do you agree? We posed that question to our Facebook fans and Twitter followers. Check out what
5 Common Divorce Mistakes. Here are five mistakes commonly made by people going through divorce. Avoiding these pitfalls will allow you to divorce with integrity and keep suffering to a minimum.
My Husband Left Me For a Swiss Pastry Chef... For Dummies. Here's is what not to do when your husband sits you down after 27 years of marriage and tells you that he has found someone else -- a 30-year-old, blonde Swiss pastry chef no less.
5  Ways For Single Moms To Make Dating OK For Kids. Many children will never fully get used to the idea of their parents dating.
18 Things Men Say About Their Ex-Wives. Ladies, here's how your ex feels about you.
Blended Family Friday. What are the biggest challenges of blended family life? When you marry someone with children, you are not only getting your
Divorce Advice. There are countless ways to screw up during divorce, from letting the process drag on for too long to keeping the house when
Car Sticker On Chevy Suburban Illustrates Seven Kids, Four Pets (PHOTO). This woman might need a bigger car. On Friday, Reddit user 580k posted a photo of the decal he spotted on the rear view window
Charlie Sheen, Denise Richards. But this isn't the first time Sheen has publicly paid Richards a compliment. In a June 2012 issue of Rolling Stone, Sheen
Life After Divorce. Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy Honaman, who was joined in the segment by fellow
Cheating Stories. Looks like someone took Carrie Underwood's \Before He Cheats\ a little too seriously. That's the impression we got after
Victor or Victim. The first action necessary to embrace the victor over victim mentality is to realize that you have control over your future. Once you accept that you are the only person who controls your destiny, you can let go of any resentment from past trials.
Kids And Divorce. \It's like something that you really love like breaks and you can't put it back together kind of,\ says another. In the new
Building Trust in Relationships. As a woman who grew up in a divorced home, I know how the breakup of my parents' marriage forever changed my life. But I wasn't prepared for how mistrust would rear its ugly head in surprising ways in my adult relationships.
Protecting Your Finances During Divorce. Okay, so you're in the middle of a divorce and your ex has somehow managed to ruin your credit even though you were the one
A Single Mom\u2019s Guide To Living With Your Parents | Parenting - Yahoo! Shine. You're divorced, stressing over your young daughter's future, and in a job situation that is, at best, Read more on shine.yahoo.com
Porsha Stewart, Kordell Stewart. On Wednesday, \Real Housewives of Atlanta\ star Porsha Stewart made her first official post-split appearance since her estranged
Funny License Plate. That's the lesson we learned recently when Reddit user ahmay posted a photo of one Texan's vindictive vanity license plate
The Battle of the S's. Although both Susan and Sheryl acknowledge that a woman's future and happiness is significantly impacted by the man she marries, Susan's letter correlates a happy marriage to intellect. Sheryl acknowledges the difficulties of marriage, and the importance of being true partners.
When Kids Dislike Your New Partner. They have their whole lives ahead of them and need to be launched as smoothly as possible, even if their imperfect parents are divorced.
Divorce Or Stay? Parents Must Put Kids First Either Way. Stay together for the sake of the kids? Generations of miserable parents followed that, advice hoping their sacrifices would pay off for their children in the end.
Words Hurt. Things that we say to our spouses, to our children, whether in an off-hand moment, and especially in trial, are things that can never be taken back. I tell clients to avoid denigrating and speaking ill of the other, especially in front of the children.
Going To Bat For Your Ex? Why?. I understand how angry people can feel in the midst of a divorce, how vicious they can behave when they feel hated, betrayed and cheated. Because when I got divorced, I shared many of those sentiments.
Get a Life. The logistics of divorce are hellish. It's painful and draining. Understandably, you can get sidetracked from the important work of rebuilding a new life when you're still stumbling around in the ruins of the former one. But that's where the pay off is -- the new life.
Should Split Parents Ever Lie to Their Children?. By lying to your child, and realizing the child may eventually find out the truth, you demonstrate to your child lying is an okay behavior. Because children don't have adult filters to determine when stretching the truth might be necessary, their impulses around lying may be hard to control.
Adam Levine Talks Marriage Doubts, Divorce In Nylon Guys. Is marriage in the cards for ladies' man Adam Levine? Divorce hits close to home for the Maroon 5 frontman, whose parents
The Next Frontier Of Technology. Even the divorce process is getting easier thanks to technology. Read more on blogs.wsj.com
How Can You Tell If The Woman In Your Life Is Being Faithful?. Peter Spalton, also known as 'The Dating Doctor', says that women who cheat will often create superficial friends to throw
Funny Photoshop. Take a look at the \before\ and \after\ pictures.
Crossing Over to the After-(married)life. I felt like I had found the golden ticket and walked into Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory. Visions of sweet, sumptuous, tasty treats surrounded me, vying for my attention. It was a veritable bu
Why Did The Affair Happen?. Often, when we discover that a partner has been cheating, the first question is an anguished \Why?\
Divorced 'Real Housewives'. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. This statistic doesn't exactly come as a shock, though
Cheating Wife? 71 Percent Of Men Still In Love After Spouse Cheats. The survey, conducted by the site Survive Her Affair, polled 1,500 men who had been cheated on and found that more than 71
A 'Gray Divorce' Boom. Until recently, it would have been fair to say that older people simply did not get divorced. Fewer than 10% of those who
Ashley Madison Creator Noel Biderman Talks Marriage With His Wife Of Nearly 10 Years, Amanda. Noel
Maintaining An Active Tempo In Your Divorce. It's been said that divorce is a process. Divorce is a tedious, arduous, and typically unpleasant process.
10 Lessons I Learned From The End of My Marriage. When I found myself suddenly single at the age of 32 after being betrayed by my best friend and
Should You Always Say 'I'm Sorry' When Someone Says They're Divorcing?. Warning
The Dogs And Cats Of Relationships. Fighting like cats and dogs can be one sign that a couple may be heading towards divorce.
Liar's Court. In a perfect world, the mission of family court is to ensure that any agreement between the parents is in the best interest of the children.
My Shawshank Tunnel. Gold seal, signed papers, judge's gavel -- no matter how your divorced is finalized, the official ends marks the start of your post divorce life.
Learning Curves. When I left my husband, nothing could prepare me for what I faced next
Stepparents Share Their Proudest Moments With Their Stepkids. We decided to extend the love by asking our readers to share their proudest moments as stepparents. Click through the slideshow
Funny Billboard. Why divorce when you can just get a bigger house? That's the logic Toronto real estate agent Chris Clarke put to use on a
Five Ways Divorce Will Impact Your Finances. Divorce can hurt the pocketbook in ways that some people don\u2019t expect. Lost income, child support, spousal support all hurt
4 Narcissist Busters From The Minute You Say Hello. Amazing, talented  caregivers attract narcissists. What is going on?
Danica Patrick Divorce. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. \I'll say, 'Babe, am I less hot when I'm not good on [the
\You Knew It Was A Package Deal\. In over ten years of working with stepmothers, I've rarely met one who would fall under the definition of an \evil stepmother\.
Introducing Your Children to Your New Love. You can and should take the time to really get to know someone before involving the children.
What I Know About Marriage Now That I've Done It Twice. What I didn't know when I tied the knot at 22.
What Are The Financial And Legal Advantages Of Being First To File For Divorce?. Over the years, I\u2019ve had several clients who felt blindsided when their husbands announced intentions to divorce. Some thought
Marriage Advice From The Divorced. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Buck's post-split relationship real talk had us wondering
Porsha Stewart's \Real Housewives Of Atlanta\ Castmates Respond To Her Divorce. News of the split came as a surprise to Porsha, who reportedly found out about the divorce through the media. An unnamed
Marriage Problems. That's the charged question blogger Jackie Morgan MacDougall asked Tuesday in a HuffPost Divorce blog on the need for parents
Divorce Stress? 14 Ways To De-Stress When Your Ex Has the Kids. One surprising silver-lining to divorce? Having time to yourself when your ex has the kids. You miss them, of course, but
The Long Way Home For Adults Who Were Children Of Divorce. There are millions of adults who experienced the trauma of their parents' divorce 20, 30 or 40 plus years ago. Some have found closure, but many more have not.
The Joy Of Nesting. After discovering that my husband was cheating and kicking him out of our home, I was left with a broken heart, anxiety and angst, and a house full of reminders of him
Cheating Husband. Head to the comments to share your thoughts on the wife's response, then click through the slideshow for five more stories
Can I Get Over An Affair? The Three Phases Of Recovery. The immediate response after discovering a spouse's affair is commonly disbelief, anger, sadness, loss or grief.
Talk \To\, Not \At\, Your Child During And After Divorce. Too often, busy parents find themselves talking \at\ their children, but not \to\ them. And most especially, not \with\ them.
Funny Sticker. Well, that's one way to make your relationship status known. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter
Blended Family Friday. What are the biggest challenges of blended family life? Finding time to love and pay attention to everyone as they need is
How Common Is Cheating & Infidelity Really?. Sometimes I worry that society is becoming immune to infidelity and cheating in a romantic relationship. We hear things like
Red Flags Divorcees On Reddit Say They Should Not Have Ignored. But perhaps the most glaringly obvious red flag mentioned on the thread? butthead_is_my_cat's partner's tendency to refer
Ask The Attorney. Q
Traveling Alone. After a divorce, self-care should be your number-one priority. And what better way to put yourself first that than by taking
Kevin Hart Divorce. The Harts have two children together -- an 8-year-old daughter and a 5-year-old son. Kevin will reportedly pay his ex $19,785
The Power Of The Prenup - Room For Debate - NYTimes.com. A New York woman, Elizabeth Petrakis, recently announced that she\u2019d had her prenuptial agreement voided, claiming she was
Single Parents Share The Best Things About Parenting Solo. To celebrate the holiday, we took a page from Kerri Zane and her blog post on the perks of being a single parent and asked
Single Parent. In the video above, Olivia Joy Stinson, the founder of PEN Pals Book Club For Children of Incarcerated Parents, praises her
What If Marriage Were Temporary?. In Jonathan Swift's 1726 classic Gulliver's Travels, he describes a race of people, the Struldburgs, who are afflicted with
Cheating Husband Billboard. The message was signed, \Your (soon-to-be-ex) Wife, Emily.\ The billboard received so much attention that ABC's \Good Morning
Blended Families Share What It's Really Like To Bring Two Families Together (VIDEO). On Thursday, HuffPost Live host Alicia Menendez discussed finding that balance with a number of guests, including HuffPost
Preparing Your Taxes In The Year Of Divorce. As if taxes aren't complicated enough, it can get worse during a divorce or separation. There are certain things that individuals going through the divorce process -- or who are recently divorced -- should keep in mind when preparing their taxes.
Lindsey Vonn Dating Tiger Woods. There's a new power couple in the sports world. On Monday, Tiger Woods announced on Facebook that he was dating newly single
Adults Who Were Children of Divorce. As adults who were children of divorce know, healing does not occur through time alone.
The Fairy Tale. The myth of the princess wedding with the big dress, tons of flowers, bridesmaids, flower girls and the prince waiting at the end of the aisle prevails, and is what many girls perceive to be the American dream.
Why 'Normal' Is Such A Catch. People often say they want smart or good-looking, but another trait is even more attractive.
Video Game Divorce. When his wife said \game over\ on their marriage, one man turned his living room into the ultimate man cave. And by that
Does Divorce Really Traumatize Children?. Many of the 1.5 million children in the U.S. whose parents divorce every year feel as if their worlds are falling apart. Divorcing
Russell Brand, Katy Perry. At another point in the show, he elaborated, \It was a drag, man... Let me tell you a thing about marriage. Marriage is a
Divorce Reasons. According to Apple Daily (via The Daily Chilli), a 52-year-old Taiwanese woman was recently granted a divorce from her 55
Cheating Over Weight Gain. That's the question HuffPost Divorce blogger D.A. Wolf asked in a blog post Monday. Inspired by relationship advice given
Single Life. If you're single and feeling like everyone around you is coupled up, take heart
License Plate Humor. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. That'll show her! On Tuesday, Reddit user Tangentman123
6 Biggest Mistakes Moms Make in a Divorce. Some of us see divorce coming from a long way off. And others don't see it until they hear those terrifying words
When You Know That You're Over Your Ex. How do you know when you're finally over your ex? Here are seven signs that you have moved on.
Gray Divorce. Divorce is never easy. But for the growing number of couples who are divorcing later in life, the process can be especially
Jillian Barberie, Grant Reynolds Divorcing After 6 Years Of Marriage. Click through the slideshow below for photos of Barberie and Reynolds in happier times. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost
Marcia Gay Harden Unbound. Marcia Gay Harden is into girl power. The actress, who moved to California from New York with her three children after a
Single Parent Theme Movies. JD asks about his father a lot. A few years ago a child psychologist told me to answer swiftly and change the subject, but
Blended Family Friday. As part of our Blended Family Friday series, each week we're spotlighting a different stepfamily to learn how they successfully
After An Affair, Is It Possible For A Marriage To Recover?. That's the question author Wendy Plump posed on Thursday in a HuffPost Divorce blog post. Plump, who's dealt with infidelity
Chris Cline, Elin Nordegren Dating. The internet can't seem to get enough of the news that Elin Nordegren, Tiger Woods' ex-wife, is dating 53-year-old billionaire
After A Divorce, Creeping Around Happiness. Lately I\u2019ve become a \u201ccreeper.\u201d I didn\u2019t even know what this word meant until about a month ago, when my ninth-grade students
Making The Most Of Your Consultation With A Divorce Lawyer. Receiving a free consultation with an attorney can be extremely helpful, if you know how to make the most of the time.
Hold The Wrath. One of the things that surprises me most about infidelity is that anyone is shocked to the point of awe when it happens.
Divorce Care Package. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. If there's ever a time you need a little distraction in
Are Prenups Dead?. Are prenuptial agreements dead? The answer is no.
Divorce Research. Lead author Esme Fuller-Thomson and her co-researchers acknowledged that the link between parental divorce and smoking could
Richard Burton's Ex-Wife, Sybil Christopher, Dies At 83. For most people, though, Christopher is remembered as the woman Richard Burton left for Elizabeth Taylor in 1963. Burton
Lucy and Ethel, Mary and Rhoda, Abigail and Me. It's a paradox that sometimes the worst times in our lives are also the most life affirming. It pares away what isn't that important and focuses you on what is. People. Connections. Love.  Help.
How The Pursuer-Distancer Pattern Can Destroy Your Marriage. Every divorced person has a story to tell about why their marriage ended. While no two divorce stories are exactly alike, what I've come to realize is that many bear a striking resemblance.
Funny Photoshop. A little later in the day, Reddit user -- and non-graphic designer -- itsme_timd shared a photo that he removed his ex from
Cheating Spouse. But this woman isn't the first to seek revenge on a cheating spouse by giving away his belongings. In May 2012, a Wisconsin
Your Feet Run Straight To Your Heart. Your body still loves you. And the more love you give it, the more it will love you back.
Are You Legally Divorced but Psychologically Married?. When people decide to divorce, it is quite common that one or both spouses experience and express an intense desire to have nothing to do with one another... And yet, ironically, one of the most common themes that surfaces over time is a genuine difficulty moving on.
Funny Photoshop. The graphic designer's solution? Subbing in some crossed arms and giving the family member a beer to hold instead of grasping
Elin Nordegren, Tiger Woods' Ex, Reportedly Dating Billionaire Chris Cline. Click through the slideshow below to see what else Nordegren has been up to since the split. Cline, a father of four, has
Life After Divorce. Sure, we all like to think that we divorced amicably and still get on well with our exes. But are you close enough to your
Elizabeth Petrakis, Millionaire's Wife, Gets Prenup Thrown Out. In a rare move, a Brooklyn appellate court has decided that a prenuptial agreement between a Long Island woman and her millionaire
David Bowie 'The Next Day'. After a 10-year hiatus from the music business, David Bowie is releasing his new album, \The Next Day,\ in the U.S. on Tuesday
Cindy Crawford, Richard Gere. \I think a lot of what happened with Richard and I was, I was still 22 and at 22 -- as a young woman -- I was kind of still
Though Now Apart, We Faced A Common Enemy \u2014 Modern Love - NYTimes.com. Last April I was eating my salad in front of the TV when the beautifully coifed anchor on \u201cEntertainment Tonight\u201d announced
Divorce And Online Dating. The way we communicate and meet people has gone through tremendous changes since the introduction of the internet and social media. More and more people are seeking and finding romantic relationships online.
If Not Shown Appreciation, It Gets to You. There is an overwhelming number of women who feel unappreciated by their husbands.
Russell Brand Divorce. Over the last 14 months, tabloid reports have linked the British funnyman to a number of ladies, including actresses, models
7 Things You Should Consider Before Getting Back Together With Your Ex. If your significant other wants to get back together, you might want to read this before you say yes.
Divorced and Dateless? 5 Steps To Getting Back In The Dating Game. When you first got divorced, you proclaimed that you would never be in another relationship again. Now that you have spent enough time licking your wounds, you're contemplating the possibility of getting back in the game.
Blended Family Friday. If you'd like your own family to be featured on a Blended Family Friday, please email us at divorce@huffingtonpost.com. We're
Reconciliation With Your Ex? Readers Weigh In On Whether Or Not They'd Do It. We all know that getting back together with your ex is generally a bad idea. (Research even confirms it!) Click through the
When Dating, Keep Your Eye On The Prize. If you've had difficult dating experiences, dating can feel like a hassle, and thus it's easy to lose sight of why you're doing it in the first place.
Tips For Going Through A Gray Divorce. Divorce at an older age is typically more difficult than for younger people when it comes to recovering one's financial health.
Jennie Garth's Tattoo. Click through the slideshow below for tattooed celebrities who were left with ink-stained reminders of their exes post-split
Divorce Research. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. The findings -- which were published in the Journal for
5 Ways That Having Kids Can Improve Your Dating Life. There are many reasons why having kids can actually improve your chances of finding love again.
The Gray Divorce. 9. Can you obtain a job? This is so important for people who have been out of the work force for many, many years in a long
Kids Need Dads!. If both parents are capable of being good parents, then children need both of their parents in their lives.
Divorcing The Dress. Deep down, I knew I shouldn't bring the wedding dress -- a symbol of my marital hopes -- into my new home and allow it to take up essential real estate in my closet.
Wedding Dress, After Divorce. From wedding rings to old Hallmark cards from your ex, there's a lot of relationship stuff to rid yourself of after divorce
Severing Ties With the Ex. While it may have been okay in the past for an ex to drop by and play with his kid every evening, a new partner may want some privacy. It can be a tricky balancing act.
5 Unconventional Ways To Cope With Divorce. Despite all the anguish one is going through, divorce happens to be a catalyst for discovering who you really are.
The One Lie You Really Shouldn't Tell Your Kids. You might wonder how she could say such a thing, but she stuck to her story for eight years.
Arnold Schwarzenegger Affair. \u201cWas I disappointed? Who wasn\u2019t? Nobody is excited when people betray them\u00adselves and their families. No one goes, \u2018Yay, good
Divorce Movie. Coogan plays the role of Beale, a contemporary art dealer who ties the knot with the former couple's nanny (played by Scottish
Forbes' Richest People. It seems the Beatles were right
Cooperative Co-Parenting. As a divorce and parenting coach, I've found that children of divorce do best when both of their parents continue to be actively involved in their lives
Your Brain On Divorce. We've all felt it
Divorce Capital. So what are some of the cases that have helped London earn its title? Click through the slideshow below for some of Britain's
Adolescence And Divorce. Divorced parents of teens often wonder if their children's behavior and family relationship challenges are due to simply being a teen or due to the separation or divorce.
10 Tips For Surviving The Aftermath Of Your Spouse Asking For A Divorce. 10 tips to help you get through this devastating time.
Diane Von Furstenberg, Famed Designer, Reflects On Career In 'MAKERS' Doc. Von Furstenberg gained fame in the fashion world with her signature design in the wake of her 1972 split from German Prince
Cheating Definition. On Thursday, University of Michigan Research Assistant Professor Daniel Kruger stopped by HuffPost Live to talk about his
Three Ways To Value Your Home In A Divorce. For many couples, the marital residence is the largest asset obtained during the marriage.  Whether you or your spouse wishes to retain the marital residence after the divorce, it is important that an accurate value is obtained for purposes of property division.
Blended Family Friday. Hi, Crissy! Introduce us to your family. There are seven of us total. Jimmy and I have five children ranging in age from
Why Dating And Men Are Better When You're A Single Mom. There is something amazing and magical that happens when women divorce. They get beautiful.
Beatles Video. There's nothing more uncomfortable than overhearing a couple arguing in public. Though, if you had to listen in, the experience
Ne-Yo Love Life. Earlier this week, he told TMZ that he tied the knot 11 years ago when he was only 19 years old. But the union was short
Why Your Kids Resist Liking Your New Partner. Unlike you, the kids haven't been longing for a new person in their lives. As far as they are concerned, their life is complicated enough.
What To Do With The Ring Your Ex Gave You. The question of what to do with the ring your ex gave you can be a tricky one for many people.
Braving Divorce. We often think of our soldiers fighting wars overseas as being brave, or firefighters entering a burning building as being brave, or police officers knowingly confronting dangerous criminals as being brave
Michigan Woman Kathy Lee Emery Sentenced To Jail For Driving Her Car Into Ex's Home. \u201cI did what I did and I am sorry for that, but I don\u2019t deserve the games he played with me before it led to this,\u201d Emery
Cheating Excuses. Our readers were more than a little skeptical when they heard these explanations.
10 Dating Rules That Have Changed Since You Were Married & Divorced. Dating after divorce sucks -- plain and simple.
Inspiring Quotes. To help you make peace with being alone, we've assembled a list of our 10 favorite quotes on the benefits of spending time
Erin Brockovich, Environmental Activist, Talks Landmark Case In 'Makers' Doc. Brockovich divorced first husband, Shawn Brown, in 1987, when she was 26. Her mariage to second husband, Steve Brockovich
Does Every New Relationship Feel Like D\u00e9j\u00e0 Vu? How To Break That Pattern. We, as humans, are creatures of habit. But while patterns and rituals are typically helpful in maximizing brain space, certain patterns in our relationships don't usually serve us.
A Letter To Jada Pinkett Smith. Reality is often more complicated than we'd like to admit and not every stepmother gets to have a Hollywood ending
Divorce Court Crazy. I am still wishing that my children's father would love them the way children should be loved by their father. I guess there's no court in the world that can make that happen.
8 Life-Saving Tips For Surviving A Divorce. No one ever said divorce was easy. Or if they did, they should be smacked down. Hard. Because it's not.
So, Can I Call You Mom Now?. Even though I was marrying his father, I was completely unprepared for the younger boy's request.
Bra Shopping In A Blended Family. Sharing a child isn't as risk free as it might seem. Sure I can appreciate that my daughter has extra people loving her, and she gets to have a different perspective in parenting, but there's a small selfish part of me that still wants to dominate all the highlights.
Divorce 101. How you spend the first few months after divorce will play a vital role in getting things back on track in your life.
Divorce Stress. If there's ever a time when a little escapism is in order, it's in the middle of divorce. From shuffling through lawyers
Should We Make Marriage Harder To Stop Divorce?. It hardly sounds romantic, but perhaps what marriage needs is a reality slap in the face.
3 Tips For Dealing With An Unreasonable Ex. What toddlers can teach you about managing this complicated relationship.
A Reality Check. Before I got married and then divorced, I believed in all of the \happily-ever-after\ fairy tales. I believed in the nonsense that rom-coms push down our throats about soulmates and forever and love at first sight.
Keeping Kids Out Of The Middle. Putting our children first during a divorce means putting aside our own anger, hurt, betrayal and sadness, particularly when directed at our ex-spouse, and putting the emotional needs of our children ahead of our own.
Fitness Is Easy, Happy Is Hard. Fitness is obtained via the head but happiness comes via the heart.
What Is Cheating? University of Michigan Study Looks At How People Define Infidelity. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Click through the slides below to test your knowledge
Oscar Speeches. Hey, Academy Award-winning actors, we get it
Modern Love. It's Complicated... Or Is It?. There's a misconception that occurs when our marriage is broken. We think it's going to be so much easier the second time around.
Opposites Attract. We've all heard that opposites attract. My parents were just about the most opposite people you could find.
Blended Family Friday. Today, we'd like to introduce you to the family of Karen Coover, a mother in a family of five who won us over with this honest
Divorce In Your Twenties. Women divorced in their 20s initially view themselves as failures because all their friends are getting married and having
How Do You Determine Child Support and Alimony?. The courts will often look at whether or not someone lost his or her job through no fault on his or her part. It could be
Top Five Questions Asked About Divorce. One of the heaviest doors to open is the one that leads into your first meeting with a divorce lawyer.
Grandparenting Step-Grandchildren. Whether you like it or not, when an adult son or daughter remarries, you are going to inherit a bunch of new relatives -- and their problems.
5 Reasons Why You Should Stop Blaming Your Ex. When you blame another for your unhappiness and your pain -- no matter how much it appears to be directly caused by them -- you end up hurting yourself even more
Deadbeat Parents. More than $100 billion is owed in unpaid child support, according to the federal Office of Child Support Enforcement's 2009
Sex With Your Ex A Bad Idea? Experts Weigh In On HuffPost Live (VIDEO). Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Watch the video above for more of Amatenstein's advice
Michael Strahan, Nicole Murphy. While there, the former New York Giants star referred to all the girls as his \princesses,\ before taking them around the
Why Divorce Is Worth It. I believe that 50 percent of marriages end in divorce because 95 percent of the people are not very happily married, and only 50 percent of those folks have the guts to call it quits.
Keeping The House After Divorce. Often, one of the first questions I get from a prospective client looking at a divorce is if he or she should keep the house. As with all things related to a divorce, the answer is \it depends.\
Divorce. In divorcing, I signed up for a lifetime of phone calls from vacations I'm not on, of car doors closing as my boys leave, of never getting to celebrate Father's Day for my father or husband with them present. It's a lifetime of separations.
The Art of Divorce Recovery. I equated divorce to failure. I don't mind telling the world about my business failures (and success), but there was something about my marriage ending that I wanted to keep to myself.
Dating After Divorce. You did it! You went and lined up your first date after divorce and you have to admit, you're feeling pretty proud of yourself
Is Divorce Bad for Children?. Many of the 1.5 million children in the U.S. whose parents divorce every year feel as if their worlds are falling apart. Divorcing
Getting A Divorce. Divorce is fraught with stress and emotional uncertainty, so it's little surprise that many feel the need to gain as much
Pet Reunion. Talk about a divorce story with a happy ending. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. \She heard
What Therapists Don't Tell You About Divorcing A High-Conflict Personality. When working with a client who is married to, or separating from a narcissist, therapists need to invert the goal of traditional therapy.
Infidelity. People often assume the problem is sex, but there's actually another issue that may be to blame.
The 9 Most Expensive Cities For Divorcees. 1. Los Angeles Average
Danica Patrick, NASCAR Driver, Wins Daytona 500 Pole After Divorce. But Patrick isn't the only high-profile person to become even more successful after a public split. Click through the slideshow
Dialing Up Dollars For Divorce. Brendan Lyle, a bright, cheerful guy with a Crocodile Dundee accent, came here from Australia with a big dream and big ambitions
Clive Davis Bisexual? 5 Other Celebs Who Came Out Post-Divorce. In his new memoir, famed music mogul Clive Davis acknowledges his bisexuality publicly for the first time. \u201cI'm still attracted
The 5 Worst Mistakes We Make During A Divorce. Divorce can be one of the most stressful events in life, second only to a spouse dying. In fact, a divorce can become such a complicated and nasty affair that many people have joked that a spouse dying is a less stressful event because at least you don't have to fight the deceased in court!
Remixing Your Personal Divorce Soundtrack. Divorce is a process that involves a lot of shedding.
Should I Stay Or Go? 'The Normal Bar' Reveals Truth Behind Splits. Not surprisingly, the number is much higher among unhappy couples, where 87% of partners contemplate leaving their relationships
The List. After twenty-six years, my marriage had derailed. The relationship hadn't been right for many years and even monumental efforts couldn't save it.
Why I'm Keeping My Married Name. Before splitting up, I remember hearing about other people who'd been through a divorce and kept their married names. It baffled me.
How To Choose Your Next Husband. American women are clueless when it comes to knowing what it takes to get married and overcome divorce -- that's the bottom line in Suzanne Venker's new book How to Choose a Husband And Make Peace With Marriage.
Blended Family Friday. What would you say are some of the biggest challenges of blended family life? The biggest challenge of blending families
Dream Interpretation. According to Lauren Lawrence, the dreams columnist at the New York Daily News, the answer isn't necessarily yes. Just when
Self-Love. Valentine's Day just might be the most dreaded day on the calendar for the divorced among us. But just because you're single
The Sting Of Cupid's Arrow. I know Valentine's Day is a silly greeting card holiday that shouldn't really matter to me -- and yet, it does. As a single woman, all the hearts and flowers can be a painful reminder of what I don't have. As a divorced woman, they can be an even more painful reminder of what once was.
7 Signs You're Not Ready To Date. When do I start dating? Am I ready? How does it happen? These are the inevitable questions that start to percolate after a divorce.
The Other Woman. I figured that he had never engaged in any type of long-term affair while he had been married because if he did, he would
LeAnn Rimes, Eddie Cibrian And Other Celebrities Who Married Their Affair Partners. Studies have indicated that the likelihood of an affair turning into a long-lasting relationship is about one in a hundred
5 Awesome Ways to Celebrate Being a Single Mom on Valentine's Day. As a single mom, February 14th can take on an extra special kind of pressure. Here are my top five favorite ways to reclaim this holiday for yourself.
Anti-Valentine's Day Gifts. One silver lining of being divorced? You don't have to purchase a Valentine's Day gift for your one-time spouse! Still, if
Divorce Stories. According to the South Australia news site Adelaide Now, a 52-year-old woman told lawyers, a property valuer and a judge
5 Tips On How To Fall In Love On Valentine's Day. I've found that the best way to attract new love into your life is to start by doing loving things for yourself.
Divorce From My Best Friend. My ex-husband, Philip, is a citizen of five countries. I still marvel at how that\u2019s possible. He is fully trilingual and
Dating After Divorce. What they can't get past early in a relationship.
25 Song Lyrics About Cheating. Valentine's Day is coming up and before we start on a lovey dovey Hallmark free-for-all, we're gettin' some ish off our chest
It's Valentine's Day. Now What?. It was bound to happen -- you are facing Valentine's Day as a newly separated adult and you don't quite know what to do with yourself.
Stepcouples, Valentine's Day And Date Night. As anyone who brings a pre-made family to the marital table knows, the challenges of remarriage are not for the faint of heart.
Ashley Madison Names Washington D.C. 'America's Least Faithful City'. It was named \America's Least Faithful City\ for the second year in a row.
Parenting After Divorce. After divorce, how do you bring yourself to co-parent peacefully with an ex-spouse you'd just as well remove from your life
\Hell No. At some point in the future, the child of divorce may rebel against the visitation schedule you, your ex, and your lawyers spent so much time and money constructing.
If You Are Single This Valentine's Day, Defiantly Celebrate!. Try this on Valentine's Day
Russell Brand, Katy Perry Divorce Will Not Stop The Comedian From Marrying Again. Brand also opened up about how his very public split changed him, telling the magazine, \I feel different about my private
Blended Family Friday. To get things started, we want to hear from you! If you'd like to sing the praises of your blended family -- and teach us
Lynsi Torres, In-N-Out Owner, To Pay $19K Per Month In Child Support. Torres is the granddaughter of Harry and Esther Snyder, who founded the West Coast burger chain in 1948. President and owner
Anti-Valentine's Day Songs. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. We don't want to hate on Valentine's Day, but when you're
10 Crazy Sex Things That Happen To Single Moms. It can be the best sex of your life. You're older, wiser, and you just don't care what other people think.
LeAnn Rimes, Brandi Glanville. Brandi Glanville's tell-all book \Drinking and Tweeting
Part Time Presence, Full Time Parent. \Visiting\. It's a word that many parents and professionals have come to hate.
Bad Valentine's Day Gifts. Readers reveal the presents that didn't exactly say \I love you\ -- like a Brita water filter.
Russell Brand, Katy Perry. And how, exactly, does that make Brand feel? Watch the NSFW video below for more of Brand's interview. Then, click through
Dina Manzo Separates From Husband. Another day, another \Real Housewives\ divorce. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. \My secret
A Single Dad's Trip Survival Guide. If the archetypal 20th century vacation was mom, dad and the kids driving to a national park in the station wagon (complete
Unforgivable Hurt. Jenny and Peter live in a white picket-fenced house on Washington Drive with their two young kids. For the most part, their lives are vanilla -- pedestrian.
7 Ways Sex Can Kill a Marriage. Can sex kill a marriage? Absolutely. Problems in the bedroom can lead to deep dissatisfaction. A marital sex problem is like a canary in a coal mine -- a warning alarm that danger lies ahead.
Dan Marino's Love Child And 5 Other Celebrity Affairs That Produced Kids. On Wednesday, Pro Football Hall of Famer Dan Marino confirmed to the New York Post that he had fathered a child with former
When A Divorce Makes A Better Dad. Divorce stinks. Don\u2019t get me wrong. The excruciating pain of leaving your child on Mom\u2019s doorstep, of missing holidays and
Jason Hoppy, Bethenny Frankel's Ex, Steps Out In New York City Wearing His Wedding Band. When is the right time to remove the wedding ring after separation or divorce? If the celebrities below are any indication
Divorce Advice. The message is loud and clear after divorce
Why Am I Unlucky In Love?. What role does luck play in relationships?
Divorce During School Year Is Tough On Children. Many parents decide to divorce as summer approaches so they can take advantage of the school break to make post-divorce transitions. There are many other families, however, that make the break in the midst of the school year.
Divorce Reasons. According to FOX 8 WGHP, Warren Pegram is suing Cane Creek Meeting of the Society of Friends, a Quaker church, for encouraging
Divorce Advice. Earlier this week, our friends over at HuffPost Healthy Living published a list of about 30 things their readers said they
Love After Divorce Manifesto. Love is the most complicated, awesome, painful and sought after desire there is. We all want it, and we all can have it, but many of us simply just don't know how to get it.
5 Reasons Why You Should Be Happy In Divorce. If you're thinking about getting a divorce, or if you are going through one, or if -- like me -- you've been divorced for some time, you might think of it as a tragic life event. Death, even.
PTSD After Divorce. When my husband left, I trembled for a year. That's not just some figurative language used to convey emotion; I literally shook. For a year.
Inspirational Quotes. In the middle of divorce, it's important to remind yourself that life won't always be so difficult. There will, in fact, come
Tommy Mottola, Mariah Carey. On Tuesday, the former head of Sony Music confirmed to \Today\ show host Matt Lauer that \[the book] will be the first time
Divorce Advice. When you're going through divorce, it seems like everyone wants to channel their inner Dr. Phil and offer some sort of commentary
Amy Poehler Book. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. There's nothing more therapeutic than spilling your feelings
Divorce Tax Tips. IRS forms can come across as a confusing number jumble (1040, 1099, 8332, W-2). What already is a complex and disconcerting process for many is exacerbated by divorce.
The Lasting Effects Of Talking Bad About Your Ex. You might not as tempted to say negative things after you read these stories.
The Seven-Year Itch. We've all heard of the seven-year itch. Since a popular movie by the same name was released in 1955, the concept of the seven-year itch has been a widely accepted phenomenon.
Rupert Sanders, Liberty Ross Divorce. Shortly after the incident, Sanders told People magazine in a statement
10 Things Every Woman Going Through A Divorce Wants To Hear. When someone is blindsided by a divorce (even if it's a blessing in disguise), most of her friends and family don't quite know what to say. It doesn't matter how common the end of a marriage is. It never gets easier to come up with just the right words.
No More Ex Games. While you and your ex-spouse would ideally like to harmoniously co-parent your children, raw emotions from a divorce can often be unpredictable and take over.
Musings Of A 3 Percenter. Cindy's profound questioning lead her to ultimately pull the plug and take the relationship off life support, but she continues
Co-Parenting Advice To Count On. A friend on the verge of divorce recently asked me, what will be the worst part?  Hmmm, where could I begin?
Divorce Papers. It all started with a hand-me-down from my mom when I got my own place.
Is Technology Killing The Cheater? PI's Reveal How They Track Digital Infidelity Trails. Technology is killing the cheater. Texts, tweets, posted photos can lead to trysts. Social networking sites like Facebook
Kim Kardashian, Kris Humphries Divorce Drama Continues (REPORT). Sources tell the celebrity news site that Kardashian believes Humphries is responsible for dragging out the proceedings unnecessarily
Parenting After Divorce. It's not always easy to see eye-to-eye with your ex after divorce. But most co-parents agree that they must help their kids
Cheating Wife. \It wasn't until I had an affair that I started to feel again, to find myself, to pick her back up off the bathroom floor
Life After Divorce. Let's face it
Elin Nordegren, Tiger Woods' Ex, Continues Construction On New Florida Home (PHOTOS). Lichtenstein's photos show Swedish and American flags planted on top of the house -- a clear nod to the former model's Swedish
Top 10 Songs To Get Through Divorce. Music always makes unpleasant things just a little bit more enjoyable
LeAnn Rimes, Brandi Glanville. \u201cI usually don\u2019t engage, but there comes a time when you\u2019re just like, \u2018Screw you,\ Rimes said. Will the feud between LeAnn
7 Tips For Co-Parenting Teens. Parenting teens under any circumstances will test your patience. But co-parenting teens who move between two households presents particular challenges.
The Gift Of Divorce. It's tempting to just remember the bad parts of the marriage, but you're doing yourself a disservice if you forget the good stuff.
Arnold Schwarzenegger Still Loves Maria Shriver? 5 More Celebs Who Still Love Their Exes. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Arnold Schwarzenegger seems set on working his way back
Allen Iverson Divorce. Former NBA star Allen Iverson has reportedly settled his divorce with his estranged wife, Tawanna Iverson. Keep in touch
John Cleese, 'Monty Python' Actor, Selling TV And Film Memorabilia To Defray Divorce Costs. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. First, the British funnyman launched a stand-up comedy
The Four Lessons I Learned from Lance Armstrong. As I watched Armstrong confess his sins, I saw a child of divorce.
Seven Key Points Divorcing Women Need To Know About Real Estate And Real Estate Appraisals. When you\u2019re divorcing, one of the questions curious friends and family eventually ask is, \u201cSo . . . are you going to keep
Single Life. The single life. Whether you love it or loathe it, it's something most experts say you should learn to live with -- and maybe
Jennifer Lopez Movie. \u201cWe\u2019re both human beings who\u2019ve gone through hard and difficult times,\u201d she told NBC Latino. \u201cAt this particular time, [Leslie
Nobody Asked Me. Having a \blended\ family isn't a sign of success, but children who know they are seen for who they are, understood and their feelings respected, is.
The Benefits Of Being Divorced. Marriage certainly can be a beautiful and wonderful thing, but so can divorce. It doesn't have to be all gloom and doom and filled with desperation.
Two Weddings. Any objective semi-conscious observer could have seen that I didn't want to get married the first time I got engaged.
Workplace Discrimination. I still distinctly recall the time I politely inquired if I could bring my 8-year-old son into the office for a few hours
Cheating Arises From Desires, Incentives, Pressures. Why cheat? The unfolding saga of doping allegations against Lance Armstrong, the cancer-conquering cyclist who's been stripped
Tiger Woods Reconciling With Elin Nordegren? Golfer Is Mum. Click through the slideshow below for more on what Nordegren has been up to in her post-split life. Earlier this week, the
Oksana Grigorieva, Mel Gibson's Ex-Girlfriend, Suing Her Former Attorneys (REPORT). Grigorieva and Gibson went public with their relationship in April 2009, just weeks after Robyn Moore -- his wife of 28 years
Parenting After Divorce. After divorce, it's understandable that you'd want to keep conversations with your ex to a minimum. Unfortunately, it's never
Telling Your Child About The Divorce. You need to be honest, real and effective as you convey the news to your child that the two of you plan to separate and divorce. Honesty is so important at this point because divorce breaks a primary trust.
Is 'I Do' Supposed To Be Forever?. Sometimes you just have to let go of the old and trust that something better is going to take its place, even if it's scary to face change and the unknown.
Take The \Ex\ Out Of \Sex\ After A Divorce. If you're thinking about sleeping with your ex, know that you're not alone.
Your Divorce Welcome Wagon. \Getting divorced sucks, being divorced does not suck.\
Russell Brand Dating. Brand filed for divorce from Perry back in December 2011 after just 14 months of marriage. Since summer 2012, Perry has been
LeAnn Rimes, Brandi Glanville. What does LeAnn Rimes have to say about her Twitter feud with husband Eddie Cibrian's ex, Brandi Glanville? Keep in touch
New Wife In The Family. I knew from the moment I accepted my vintage style, garnet, chocolate diamond encrusted, rose gold engagement ring that my marriage to Gabe wouldn't be anything like my first marriage -- solitaire, round cut, diamond, white gold -- at all.
The Chaos Of Fatherhood. When I was married, I thrived in the role of fatherhood ... but with a catch.
The Symptoms Of Divorce. \You know the honeymoon is pretty much over when you start to go out with the boys on Wednesday nights, and so does she.\
8 Excuses For Cheating That Totally Suck. 1. \u201cIt just happened. We didn\u2019t plan it.\u201d Every excuse for cheating sucks, but this is my \u201cfavorite.\u201d For people in monogamous
Jennifer Lopez, Casper Smart. Lopez and Anthony split in July 2011 after seven years of marriage. Anthony filed for divorce the following year in April
Breakup Advice. After a split, we all have those moments when it hits us -- sometimes out of nowhere -- that our relationships are really
Arnold Schwarzenegger, Maria Shriver Are 'Having A Great Relationship,' Actor Says. \We're having a great relationship,\ Schwarzenegger told Extra's Jerry Penacoli at the premiere of his new movie \The Last
Divorce And Children. The last thing any parent wants to do is put his or her child through divorce. \While divorce may be traumatic for children
Forgiveness Is Overrated. We have been taught by virtually every religion under the sun that there is great power in forgiveness. Most studies on forgiveness tout the health benefits of forgiveness from both a mental and physical standpoint.
Casanova. Mistresses are privy to all sorts of misplaced condescension, and condemnation, from family, friends and co-workers.
Common Errors Can Affect the Cost Of Your Divorce. The step you should take early in the process to avoid unnecessary expenses.
Danica Patrick Divorce. NASCAR driver Danica Patrick has officially filed for divorce from husband Paul Hospenthal, according to documents obtained
My Double Life In Therapy. As the cab pulled up to the mirrored building on 59th Street and 6th Avenue, I slipped a diamond platinum ring onto my finger
Life After Divorce. Divorce is stressful, from divvying up the assets to determining custody arrangements and untangling previously tangled lives
Divorce Is Never Easy. A recent poll in Britain shows that even divorcees feel that getting divorced is too easy. Maybe it's because I'm an American, but I beg to differ.
Cost Of Divorce. There's no denying that divorce is expensive. Incomes that once supported one household now must support two, putting a major
Parenting Is Not About Being Equipped. It doesn't matter if you're a mother or a father, single or married, rich or poor. It matters that you do what you can to be the parent your child deserves. It's hard work, but it's important.
Same Name Couple, Kelly Carl Hildebrandt And Kelly Katrina Hildebrandt, Are Divorcing. The Hildebrandts were living in different states at the time -- she in Coral Spring, Fla. and he in Lubbock, Texas -- so
Trying Online Dating After Divorce? Here Are 5 Ways To Improve Your Chances. You never get a second chance to make a first impression. Your dating profile is your first virtual impression. Make it count.
From Oprah to Chopra. We've created a divorce culture equally obsessed with \positive thinking\ and \neat solutions.\  Whether it's well-meaning friends and family or the divorce blogs, the conversation is the same
How To Get Revenge On A Cheater. I don't fault betrayed people for wanting revenge. Revenge is primal. It is the quest for vigilante justice -- a desire to make that oppressive jerk choke on some of the humiliation for once.
The 'La Divorcee Vita' Guide To Friends With Benefits. Friends with benefits an ideal solution for any divorcee who wants to get it on without dealing with the drama of a relationship.
Kobe Bryant, Vanessa Bryant Divorce Is Off (REPORT). The Bryants aren't the first high-profile pair to get back together after a public split. Click through the slides below
Five Reasons Men Cheat. If you've ever been the victim of infidelity, the one thing you've likely wondered is, \why did he cheat?\
Kim Kardashian, Kanye West And 6 Other Celebs Who Romanced A Pal Post-Split. There's no question that dipping your toe into the dating pool after divorce can be a daunting experience. For that reason
Losing Friends During Divorce  -- Or Not?. There was definitely a vibe in the air when I came around -- Oh no, it's the pariah! Here she comes to ruin it for all of us!
Thirteen Divorce Resolutions for 2013. If you got divorced in 2012, it's time to kick off the New Year with a new you.
Single Mothers Are To Blame For Sons' Poor Grades? Our Readers Weigh In. It seems like the internet can't stop talking about single mothers lately. I think the biggest problem is that single moms
Weight Gain Is Grounds For Divorce? Couple Weighs In (VIDEO). New York magazine sparked a buzzy debate last week with a profile on couples who have dealt with weight issues during their
Got Monogamy? Recovering From Infidelity. Affairs can be painful and shocking and can cause betrayal and hurt. Yet some couples do recover.
Lindsey Vonn And Thomas Vonn Finalize Their Divorce. Olympic skier Lindsey Vonn is officially single. According to TMZ, the 28-year-old gold medalist, who is the most decorated
Bethenny Frankel's Divorce Made Her 'Feel Like A Failure' And Other Celebs Who Felt The Same. On an episode of \Ellen\ that aired Wednesday, Bravo reality star Bethenny Frankel opened up about her recent divorce from
How Grandparents Can Help Grandchildren Adjust To The Challenges Of Divorce. Grandparents are often caught in the tensions between parents when divorce takes place.
Dating After Divorce. Ready to start dating again after divorce, but feel like you need a primer on what won't fly with daters these days? Not
Second Marriage. The thought of marrying again can be daunting. With 67 percent of second marriages and 73 percent of third marriages ending
Brandi Glanville. Foul-mouthed \Real Housewives of Beverly Hills\ star Brandi Glanville loves to bash her ex-husband Eddie Cibrian's mistress
Divorce Diaries. When you're three hours into a six-hour flight and the flight attendant randomly announces, \Everyone please put your seats to the upright position and your tray tables up\, that can only mean one thing; you are landing.
The Life-Changing News I Got Post-Split. My parents were shocked and, I think for the first time in my life, a little disappointed in me.
Bethenny's Divorce. When I saw that the Skinnygirl mogul and reality star had filed for divorce, I couldn't even bear to read the details. This one feels personal. I'm trying to come to grips with why.
Questions To Ask Before Calling It Quits. Among legal pros, January has earned a reputation as Divorce Month. If you're contemplating calling it quits on the heels
Please, No More Articles About Single Mothers (Except This One). Single mothers! Ah! We\u2019re sluts! We\u2019re whores! We\u2019re uneducated! We\u2019re losers. We don\u2019t know how to get a man and keep him
Elin Nordegren Shows Off Her 'Revenge Body' On Bahamas Vacation. Watch the video above for more on Nordegren's beach body. Then, click through the slideshow below for five other celebrities
The Golden Rule. No one found out about the affair, but this writer has lived with the deception for 10 years.
Angela Kinsey. Angela Kinsey, the actress who plays Angela on the \The Office,\ stopped by HuffPost Live Tuesday to dish on the hit NBC
Heidi Klum. \People say, 'Oh, God, how devastating to go through a divorce,'\ she said to the magazine. \Did I wish for this to happen
The Two Actual, Not Perceived, Options. There's a point at which the decision seems unbearable. Staying in a marriage to give the kids a good family, or breaking up their home to get divorced
Marrying Again. Divorce can be an opportunity to get it right in a second or third marriage.
A Nutritionist's Challenge to Eat Well Post-Separation. Eating well can be challenging for the average, busy, multi-tasking person. But eating healthily in the days following a separation? Nearly impossible.
Buzz Aldrin And Ex-Wife Lois Driggs Cannon Settle Their Divorce. The spaceman isn't the first high-profile person to call it quits with his spouse of many years later in life. Click through
NeNe Leakes, Husband Engaged. NeNe Leakes is engaged -- to her ex-husband! Last Thursday, the \Real Housewives of Atlanta\ star told Jimmy Fallon she said
Creating Harmony After Divorce. It's not easy to changes ourselves or our exes, but recurrent small acts of kindness can make life better.
Bethenny Frankel Files For Divorce. Bethenny Frankel has filed for divorce from Jason Hoppy. The pair married in 2010 and have one daughter together, 2-year
Thirteen Reasons Why Your Marriage May Fail In 2013. It is a new year. Is your marriage better or worse?
Are Middle-Aged Women Done With Men?. Not too long ago, I asked a friend how she's doing. After a long pause, she said, \I keep wondering if this is all there is.\ A lot of us have that feeling.
Friends With An Ex. Even the most hostile celebrity exes like to toss around the word \amicable\ in their divorce announcements, making it difficult
The Day I Temporarily Lost My Post-Divorce Marbles. It had been a long day. But one that ended with me a little bit smarter.
Divorced, But Fathering Well. Children are usually better off if their dad is in their lives.
Unforgivable Hurt. When it comes to the need for victims to forgive, two questions need to be asked
Brooke Shields Divorce. Not sure what to expect in your second marriage? Just ask Brooke Shields. The supermodel and actress recently sat down with
Jennifer Lopez, Casper Smart. Rumors of Lopez's relationship with Smart -- who is a dancer and the creative director of her \Dance Again\ tour -- surfaced
Brandi Glanville Twitter Feud With LeAnn Rimes Heats Up... Again. The on-and-off Twitter war between the former and current Mrs. Cibrian heated back up in November when Rimes referred to
Celebrity Look-Alikes. They say imitation is the highest form of flattery. So what could be more flattering (or, perhaps, frustrating) than your
What To Do When Your Partner is Thinking Of Leaving. If your partner is thinking of leaving you, here are some tips to help you navigate this painful chapter.
Laura Wasser, Celebrity Divorce Attorney, Dishes On Her High-Profile Practice (VIDEO). \Disso-queen\ Laura Wasser is no stranger to Hollywood splits. The Los Angeles-based divorce attorney has represented some
My New Year's Resolution. For the past six years, I have been Divorced. For a long time, it was pretty much the only thing that you needed to know about me.
New Year's Resolutions. If there's ever a time when a New Year's resolution seems particularly appropriate, it's after divorce. HuffPost Divorce
How To Throw A Divorce Party. Divorce isn't the end of your life. Get out, forget the lawyers and the paperwork for a while, and have fun with people who really care about you.
Women. Here are five ways that women unwittingly sabotage their marriages, along with the proven remedies for restoring the love and closeness you once shared.
Single Life. If you rang in the New Year without a plus-one, take heart
Kim Kardashian's Baby. \It\u2019s true!! Kanye and I are expecting a baby,\ Kardashian wrote on her blog. \We feel so blessed and lucky and wish that
Brandi Glanville Shares Her Dating Advice!. Two years after her divorce from Eddie Cibrian was finalized and now a single lady actively back on the dating scene, Brandi
Palin Divorce. Sarah Palin's son, Track Palin, isn't the only member of the family who is calling it quits on his marriage. The estranged
The Benefits Of Dating Single Dads. I recently went out a couple of times with a single dad whose daughter happens to be the same age as mine. We spent our first
How Does Divorce Affect Social Security Benefits?. My husband and I are getting divorced after 24 years. I'm 59 and on disability; he's 65 and not yet retired. He says that
Divorce Study. In 2012, researchers touched on subjects as diverse as \divorce genes\ and the impact of pre-marital jitters on success later in marriage.
Communicating With A Narcissist. Narcissists thrive on evoking both reactions and emotions from their victims.
Will Smith, Jada Pinkett-Smith Divorce? The 5 Most Ridiculous Divorce Rumors Of 2012. There's been no shortage of split rumors surrounding celebrity couples in 2012. Some reports have been right on the money
Confession Of A Housewife. Maria is a sexy, exotically beautiful middle-aged woman. Wherever she goes, men stare and women fill with jealously.
Silvio Berlusconi To Pay $4 Million Per Month In Alimony (REPORT). AC Milan owner and former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi -- who split with second wife Veronica Lario in 2009 -- has
When Divorce Is A New Year's Resolution. While some couples may have kissed under the mistletoe this past holiday season, many others are destined for a date in divorce court.
3 Ways To Keep From Going Crazy After Divorce. It's tempting to want to lash out after divorce, especially if you have been wronged, cheated or duped by your spouse.
Sexless Marriage. \This is a bottle of Viagra; from now on when you want sex, all you have to do is ask for it,\ he said. I knew at that moment that my marriage was over.
Breakup Songs. You can't underestimate the power of music to help you through a breakup. There's a reason why Adele's \Someone Like You
Two Big Child Custody Mistakes To Avoid. Disagreements about child custody can be draining, both emotionally and financially.
The Cost Of Litigation Versus Mediation In Family Law. You didn't need a lawyer to get married, and you don't need one to get divorced.
ICCD Month Provides Free Gifts To Parents Coping with Divorce Issues Throughout January. Regardless of your own emotional state, it is essential to put your children's needs first when making decisions related to divorce or separation.
Bethenny Frankel Divorce? Estranged Couple Is Focused On Daughter During Separation (REPORT). If Frankel does end up filing for divorce from Hoppy, she would hardly be the first \Real Housewife\ to do so. Click through
After Divorce, A Degree Is Costly. Shortly before marrying her husband in upstate New York in 2000, Tanya Finch began pursuing a nursing degree. While attending
15 Celebrity Gifs That Will Help Get You Through A Break-Up. It's time to let the healing begin. Read more on www.buzzfeed.com
Alexa Vega Finalizes Her Divorce From Producer Sean Covel. \Spy Kids\ actress Alexa Vega, 24, has finalized her divorce from movie producer Sean Covel, TMZ reports. Vega filed for
Dating After Divorce. Dating after divorce isn't without its challenges. But at the end of the day, when you're clicking through online dating
On Knowing You Have To Leave. Think about what your life will look like in a year if you leave, and what it will look like in a year if you stay.
Top Ten Technology Tips When You Are Going Through A Divorce. Here are the technological traps to beware of when going through a divorce.
Should You Get Back With Your Ex?. Should you rekindle your relationship?
I'm A Divorced Mom, And I'm Taking Christmas Back, Dammit. Christmas 2012 will be the seventh Christmas I've spent as a divorced mom. Normally, this time of year sends me into a psychotic, eating-drinking downward spiral.
'Tis the Season to Find a New Relationship. Online dating is not for the fainthearted. Meeting and talking to complete strangers, while sometimes interesting, can also be discouraging and downright depressing.
The Christmas That Ruined My Marriage. I turned back into the darkness of the garage and closed the door to see my husband sobbing.  In ten years, I had never seen him cry. I looked around to see our life in the shadows.
Divorce, 2012 Holiday Edition. Once upon a time, I told my then-husband I wanted a divorce a few days after Thanksgiving. That first December was hard. This is what I've learned since then about the first post-split holiday season, and I offer it to you.
What Does Commitment Mean In A Marriage?. It seems that whenever anyone talks about divorce, the C word comes up -- commitment.\nThe problem with couples today, the typical comment goes, is that they just don't know what commitment means.
Post Divorce Christmas. Divorce stress and negative feelings during the holidays can be difficult, but they didn't have to be debilitating.
An Open Letter to My Happily Married Friends. Things don't always work out as planned, my dear married friends. Even with every intention of staying married, my husband and I grew apart. There's no one person, no catalyst, no particular reason for it, and most importantly, there's no one at fault.
Do's and Don'ts For Newly Separated Parents To Avoid Santa's \Naughty List\ During The Holidays. With the holiday season in full swing, parents going through the divorce process should be mindful of the one thing that likely tops their children's wish list
Danny DeVito, Rhea Perlman Reconciliation? Actor Wants To Win Wife Back. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Is Danny DeVito trying to win back estranged wife Rhea
Christmas Gifts. When it comes to finding the perfect holiday gift for the one you love, it's the thought that counts, right? Maybe not. On
Kelsey Grammer, Camille Grammer Settle Their Divorce. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Camille, who stars on Bravo's \Real Housewives of Beverly
Unemployment And Divorce. I was laid off for the second time in November 2005. I'd been laid off once before, so I knew what to do. I sent out resumes
Children Of Divorce In The Wake Of The Newtown Tragedy. When an event like the Newtown, CT shootings occur, all children will be confused and frightened by it, but children of divorce -- who are more insecure than others -- may feel more vulnerable, even if they are only vagely aware of the actual events.
Family Ornaments. Was it proper edict to send holiday cards to people who were no longer my friends? Did I have an implied obligation to continue sending cards year after year to show the progression of our children, until they were all grown?
Is Bad Sex a Good Enough Reason to Divorce?. My friend Bethany kept falling in lust with men at her office, which would've been fine except that she was in a 17-year marriage and had two teenage daughters. She was never physically unfaithful to her husband Doug, but the cost in integrity was devastating.
'Tis the Season... To Give Divorce Gifts?. Is divorce jewelry for everyone? As a New York Times article points out, the trend is still small, but it does seem to be
This Holiday Season, Love Thy Ex. A word of advice
Hanukkah & Christmas. For parents of different faiths, December often brings holiday challenges. For divorced parents with joint custody, these challenges can be amplified.
Parenting After Divorce. As any co-parent will tell you, it's not easy to keep it strictly about the kids when you call up your ex. All too often
Valerie Bertinelli Imparts Her Divorce Wisdom On 'The Talk' (VIDEO). \Hot in Cleveland\ actress Valerie Bertinelli sat down with \The Talk\ hosts on Wednesday to share her advice about how she
Competition With Your Ex. Why is it that when we are married, we work together as a team and when we divorce, we compete against one another?
Holiday Divorce Advice. After divorce, deciding which parent gets to have custody of the kids during the holidays is often a contentious issue. But
Child Support Offender, Robert Sand, Arrested In Los Angeles. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. New Yorker Robert Sand, 50, was arrested upon his arrival
Quick Divorce. A vacation with your soon-to-be ex and your lawyer might seem like an odd idea, but it's one way to make your split less stressful.
Famous Siblings Who Have Been Divorced. Does divorce run in the family? According to 2010 research, people with a divorced sibling are 22 percent more likely to
The Tradition Lies With Me. While my original plan was for my children to have long-standing traditions at the holiday times, we would cement new ones.
Dreaming of a White-Knuckle Christmas. For lonely single people -- those not in a couple yet, or those newly out of a relationship or marriage -- the emphasis on pairing up and being part of a family at this time of year is excruciating.
Getting Unhooked From Sexual Betrayal. Women who grew up as targets of abuse -- physical, sexual, or psychological -- or abandonment, or who witnessed sexual betrayal in their parents' marriages, tend to be drawn to partners who will re-enact the betrayal of their childhood.
Divorced And Full Time Babysitter For My Grandchild. Approximately 16 percent of people over the age of 65 in the U.S. live with their children
Divorce Causes. Find A Relationship Expert! Perhaps your spouse has been unfaithful but you will forgive every single time. If you truly
Divorce Books. There's nothing like curling up with a good book to take your mind off a split. Our readers will tell you as much. We recently
Back To The Nest after Divorce. An adult child will seek the security of home temporarily because he or she needs the anchor of family right after a marriage crashes.
Ex-Wife's Wedding Dress. One year ago, my book, 101 Uses For My Ex-Wife's Wedding Dress, was published. It is a combination of photographs of odd uses for a wedding dress and my story of getting through a really challenging time in my life.
'Real Housewives Of Miami' Star, Marysol Patton, Calls It Quits With Husband. Florida may be known as the Sunshine State, but it hasn't all been sunny for \Real Housewives of Miami\ star Marysol Patton
Cheating Husband. Watch the video above to hear Bolden's advice on dealing with infidelity, then click through the slideshow below for signs
Golden Globes. The 2013 Golden Globe nominations are here! While HuffPost Entertainment and HuffPost TV were busy analyzing the frontrunners
Don't Get Fooled Again. Navigating a new relationship after getting cheated on in your last relationship can be tricky business.
Why Is It So Hard Being A Step-Parent?. 4. Do not be the go-between regarding communication with your new husband or wife's former spouse. I see this happening too
Top 5 Most Horrifying Post-Divorce Dates. I stuck with online for two long years before I found the delicious new man in my life. Along the way, I had good dates, bad dates, interesting dates and depressing dates. I also had some memorably strange first dates.
Solving Holiday Time-Share Dilemmas. What's the best way to navigate the emotion-fraught holidays in terms of co-parenting timeshares?
Love At The Poverty Line. There are usually two sources of arguments in relationships
Seven Steps To Purge An Ex. You could dislike everything about your ex, and yet, right after you part ways they're on your mind 24/7.
Cheating Stories. Dealing With Infidelity? The Best Advice On YourTango Lesson learned
Celebrity Divorce. This year has been a big one in the world of celebrity splits, with many of our favorite couples calling it quits. Their
Holiday Divorce Advice. The holidays are supposed to be the most wonderful time of the year, but does that still ring true when you're newly divorced
Why Do Women Cheat? The Top 30 Reasons, According To Women. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. What's to account for the uptick in cheating wives? To
Tips For Surviving The Holidays. If you're remarried with kids or step-kids or you and your husband share custody of the kids, holiday planning can be overwhelming.
What Kids Think About Divorce. For all our studies about how divorce impacts kids, ranging from the doom and gloom genre to \the kids are all right\ variety, we don't seem to ask the most important people of all what they think -- the kids themselves.
Sesame Workshop Launches 'Little Children, Big Challenges' Divorce Initiative (VIDEO). \u201cWe want kids to understand that they\u2019re not alone, and that it\u2019s not their fault,\ Chwatsky said. \These kids love and adore
Holidays After Divorce. The holidays are fast approaching, and if you're like most of us, you're starting to fret over all the people you still have
Brazilian Woman Smashing Car Reportedly A Publicity Stunt For 'Revenge' (UPDATE). What caused the woman to fly into a fit of rage? According to Sao Paulo police, she was seeking revenge after learning that
Divorce Diaries. Have you ever cried watching Sesame Street? I did, today.
How Can Divorcing Parents Help Their Children?. One of the messages in \Little Children Big Challenges\ is that parents need to care for themselves in healthy ways in order to be effective parents. Much of difficulty that children experience is when their parents are distracted and distressed.
Ending Your Affair With Integrity. Having an affair may seem like a good idea at the time, and a really bad idea once it becomes too complicated to manage a double life, and the guilt too difficult to bear.
3 Years After Parents' Divorce, Son Looks Back. \How do you think you are different because your dad and I got divorced?\ Sarah asks her son. \Well, I'm hoping to recover
Removing the \Re\. I do want to be married again. And, when that day comes, I will happily say, \I do\ not, \I redo.\
Becoming A Stepmom. For most people, taking on the role of stepparent is an entirely new experience, and presents challenges even the best prepared stepmom couldn't have imagined.
Megan Fox's Baby Taking A Toll On Her Marriage, Actress Jokes. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. How are new parents Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green holding
Has Your Online Friendship Crossed the Line? Take This Chatting Or Cheating Quiz And Find Out. Has your online friendship crossed the line? How can you be sure that what you're doing is really innocent and harmless, or if you're slipping down the slippery slope toward emotional sex?
John Lennon Death Anniversary. In 1969, when The Beatles were parting ways, John Lennon told the band
Breakup Stories. After a hard breakup, there are always things left unsaid. Don't you wish you could spill all in an angsty letter to your
Crazy Ex-Husband? Man Reportedly Sends Feces-Covered Alimony Checks To Former Wife. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter. Gerald Desiderio, a 51-year-old bartender from Long Island
Seven Ways To Leave A Cheater. Leaving a cheater is an intimidating process.
3 Behaviors You Should Change Before Your Next Relationship. \You change for one of two reasons
My Divorce Made Me The Black Sheep. My divorce made me the black sheep of my family.
Blended Family Photos From HuffPost Divorce Readers. What's the first thing you think of when you hear the words \blended family\? The Brady Bunch? Kris Kardashian, Bruce Jenner
Grey's Anatomy's Divorces. If we had to describe the doctors of 'Grey's Anatomy' in one word, we\u2019d go with \experienced.\ In almost every way (professionally
Breakup Video. Scroll down to watch an interview with Jonathan and Ivory In the video, picked up by Jezebel on Tuesday, the adorable couple
How To Deal When Your Ex Dates A Younger Woman. What happens when you're a recent divorcee or you've just ended a serious relationship and you find out that your ex is dating someone younger? What do you do?
Actually, I Don't Want My Life To Be Like An Audrey Hepburn Movie. My husband had ended our ten-year marriage by leaving me a note and moving out while I was in Austin for my best friend's wedding reception.
NY Times Article About the Benefits of Texting to Divorced Parents Misses the Boat. A recent New York Times article about divorce has it all wrong.
The Good Divorce. The culture of divorce is shifting, in tune with the times.
Boosting Parent/Child Communication After Your Divorce. It's no secret that one of the biggest challenges a parent faces after divorce is communicating with your children.
Bringing Sexy Back. If you've been out of the dating scene for a while due to divorce and are thinking about entering a new relationship, or have found that your relationship has become \sexless\, the idea of having a sexual encounter can be very exciting, but also very nerve-racking
Jennifer Lopez. But Lopez is hardly the first celebrity to date a much younger man after divorce. Click through the slides below for nine
Divorce Advice. After years of marriage, how do you begin to let go of your ex? That's the question HuffPost Divorce bloggers answered last
Divorcing A Very Important Person. Divorcing a Very Important Person who uses you as an emotional punching bag is traumatizing.
Recently Divorced? 5 Tips On How To Survive The Holidays. If you are recently divorced, the holiday season can be a very emotional, stressful and lonely time of year -- but it doesn't have to feel that way.
How to Find a Therapist Who's Good for You. Once you find yourself contemplating the possibility of separation or divorce, conventional wisdom dictates that this is an excellent time to undertake a stint in therapy.
Katy Perry Divorce 'Tested' Singer's 'Sanity'? Singer Opens Up To Billboard. It's been a big year for Katy Perry, who recently accepted the honor of Billboard's 2012 Woman of the Year. In spite of all
Breakup Advice. There's nothing like the promise of a new year to get people thinking about what's working -- and not working -- in their
Office Affairs Begin At Holiday Parties, AshleyMadison.com Reports. Worried about letting your spouse attend his or her office holiday party alone? According to AshleyMadison.com -- a dating
The Sleeper Effect. The breakup of a family may signify the loss of childhood for girls. These same girls may grow into womanhood and become particularly vulnerable to fears and anxieties about the future -- just as they are forming their own romantic relationships.
Divorce Advice. As anyone who's ever been through a divorce will tell you, separating from your spouse is one of the most difficult experiences
How I Survived My Divorce From Rod Stewart. When Rod and I broke up, I thought my world was coming to an end. I was totally devastated and I had no idea how to pick up the pieces of my broken heart
Why Do We Need Divorce Memoirs Anyway?. Heartburn, Nora Ephron's roman \u00e0 clef based on her own divorce, kicked off the what we know as the divorce memoir genre
In Defense Of Non-Custodial Mothers. I chose, after a long, deliberate and painstaking process, to give my ex-husband essentially full custody of one of my children. It was the most wrenching decision of my life, but one that I felt I had to make.
Kim Kardashian, Kris Humphries. Attorneys on both sides have accused each other of deliberately slowing down the divorce process, which has lasted five times
'I Screwed Up Royally' And 16 Other Things To Say After Cheating. On Thursday, the New York Post reported that CIA chief David Petraeus had admitted that he \screwed up royally\ in a recent
Musician Divorce. Rock stars may be best-known for their electrifying guitar riffs, but many of these musicians have earned equal reputations
Katie Holmes, 'Dead Accounts' And 4 Other Celebs Who Performed On Broadway Post-Split. It's not uncommon for Hollywood actors to take a break from TV and film to show off their acting chops on Broadway. And it
Divorce Causes. By Deb Dutilh for YourTango.com Instead, adopt this simple one-liner that will train any man to jump up and help. \Honey
Divorce Stories. Ah, there's nothing like a holiday dinner to bring out the worst in your family. Sure, your kids may reconnect with their
Divorce Research. According to a University of Arizona study set to be published in a forthcoming issue of Clinical Psychological Science, writing
How To Deal With The Ex-In-Laws During The Holidays. The holiday season after divorce can be challenging on many different fronts, especially when you have children. Toss the ex's family into the mix and it can be downright stressful.
When To Date After Divorce?. How do you know when you're ready to date again?
Thinking Separation Over The Holidays. It is not uncommon for families to delay taking steps toward separation until after the holidays are over. For many, this can mean sadness, tension and worry that their children may be affected by the breakdown of the relationship.
Can Marriage Education Help Army Marriages with Infidelity?. Following infidelity, most couples wonder
Celebrity Couples Who Amicably Divorced (VIDEO). Celebrities may not be the best relationship role models, but when it comes to staying friends with an ex after divorce, it
Louis C.K., America's (New) Dad. My kids and I love Bill Cosby, the man who, for a long time was called, by NBC or Jell-O Pudding (I forget which), America's
Mayim Bialik Parenting Style Didn't Cause Divorce. Since \Big Bang Theory\ actress Mayim Bialik announced last week that she and husband Michael Stone were divorcing after
Three Types of Financial Mistakes Divorcing Women Make (And How To Avoid Them). Divorce has a way of permeating through many different aspects of a woman\u2019s life
Mothers Without Children. How would your parenting decisions stack up in front of a judge? Partners in the parental trenches don't really want to think about this. And many won't need to. But it's wise for all of us to consider the costs of creating families.
Blinded by Love Again? Tips to Get Your Legal House in Order. Before you are blinded by love a second time and decide to remarry, I highly recommend you perform a legal checkup to make sure everything is in order.
Cheating Study. Wouldn't it be nice if you could determine whether a partner had it in them to cheat before you married them? Unfortunately
Charity Begins At Home. Fundraisers are an ideal venue to meet new people.
Moving On From Your Ex. Breaking up is painful, stressful, and all-consuming. But for many, the real torture comes after you've somewhat recovered and you find out that your ex has a new love in his life
Divorce Advice. No one ever said divorce was easy. After years of sharing a life together, letting go of your spouse -- now your ex-wife
After The Affair. WHEN the news broke about the Petraeus affair, my first thought was
Elizabeth Taylor Marriages. If you got sucked into watching \Liz & Dick\ on Sunday night, take heart -- you weren't alone. The entire Twitterverse seemed
Divorce. Because we agreed to remain amicable and on good terms for our two children, I assumed that this divorce would be easier than the messy divorces we witnessed over the years.
Do You Dread Your Stepfamily's Transitional Days? 6 Tips To Conquer The Anxiety. Have you ever felt the anxiety of anticipating your step kids' arrival? Did you secretly feel as if you don't want them to come?
What's Love Got To Do With It? What To Do When You're A Stepmother Who Doesn't Love Her Stepchildren. The women have a \dirty little secret.\ They come to my office, leave messages on my phone, call me on Skype and send emails from all over the country.
Holidays and Children. The holidays are often a source of disappointment and sadness because they don't often don't live up to expectations, especially when there is tension in families.
Learning to Be Thankful For A Less-Than-Perfect Life. It's no secret that the holidays can be a stressful and emotional time for lots of people. For anyone who's recently experienced some type of loss, like a death or divorce, the stress and emotions are amplified.
Thanksgiving Day. When you gather around the table this Thanksgiving and share what you're most thankful for, divorce may not be your go-to
Thankfully No Ex At Your Thanksgiving Dinner. With Thanksgiving right around the corner, it's time to start thinking about what you're thankful for this year.
For Divorcing Women In Abusive Relationships, Knowledge Is Power. Researchers estimate that one in four women -- 25 percent -- has experienced domestic violence in her lifetime, and that in the U.S., more than five million women are physically abused by their husbands or boyfriends each year.
A Public Service Announcement For Remorseless Cheaters. Dear remorseless cheaters
Jesse James Engaged To Alexis DeJoria? It Won't Be His First Trip Down The Aisle. On Monday, Hollyscoop reported that Jesse James -- Sandra Bullock's notorious ex -- was engaged to drag racer Alexis DeJoria
Thanksgiving Day. The holidays are a time to take stock of what we're most grateful for in life. For divorcees, that may include no longer
Coping With A Grey Divorce. Going through a divorce and starting over is not an easy task, especially if you have spent the last three or four decades living with the same person.
Warning. Our children depend upon us to ensure their safety and protection. Sadly for some children, it's their very own parent who victimizes them in subtle or not so subtle ways through brainwashing and manipulation.
Benefits Of Being A Divorced Woman. There are some less-than-obvious benefits of being a divorced woman.
Missed Connections. He stole my heart, but I had given it to him in cracked, broken condition.
One Thanksgiving, Two Turkeys. \Thank you, Mom,\ I said. One of the beautiful gifts of a long career preparing the Thanksgiving meal is the understanding
Less Than Perfect. Learning to let go is a difficult accomplishment for most. Yep, I'm calling it an accomplishment, because it is one -- if
Holiday Survival. With the holidays come great anxiety for separating families, especially those newly separated parents who are feeling worried, guilty and cash-strapped for their first holiday in two houses.
Crazy, Stupid, Hate. Do you have a friend who hates her ex? Are you surprised that her animosity toward him has not dissipated over time? Do you wish the two of you could dedicate less conversation time to him and more to, well, pretty much any other topic?
Letting Go of Love. Most of us have been trained to believe that when a relationship ends, we lose the love of the person who we once felt so loved by. This belief is an instant misery-creating lie that is simply not true.
Marriage Counselor. During the HuffPost Live segment \u201cCheaters' Victims
May Divorce Be With You. I have discovered the secret on how to recapture the days of your youth, a time where the future was still unwritten. Want to know the secret? Get divorced.
Why Pets Matter In A Divorce. In my experience as a divorce attorney, the pet that you love and cherish on can easily be taken away from you in an instant if you are involved in a nasty divorce.
Infidelity. If monogamy fails more than half of the time, are we looking at a system that no longer serves our needs? Are we holding onto a romanticized notion of love and desire, hoping that we can get it right, but continuing to fail at it over and over again?
How to Write Yourself After Divorce. Journaling has long been accepted as a useful tool in the therapeutic process.
After Divorce; Is A Great Relationship Possible. Now here is where it gets tricky. Notice that I used the phrase \never had before.\ That job you love, you may get fired
Do Divorced Parents Have Something to Prove?. Despite divorce rates and the increase in blended families, many adults still have preconceived notions of kids of divorce.
Celebrity Twitter. A decade ago, it was far easier to avoid your ex post-split. All you had to do was steer clear of her favorite grocery store
Why I Choose Not to Play Criminal Pursuit. Although the laws vary from state to state, one thing is abundantly clear -- it is difficult to tease out financial responsibility from a collapsing partnership.
Can Communication Technology Help Postdivorce Coparenting?. One of the major challenges divorce parents face is how to communicate effectively post-split, without major arguments
Guy Talk. Do you know how, on job applications, they always ask if you\u2019ve ever been arrested? And then they invariably follow it up
Kid Rock 'Rebel Soul'. \u201c[The relationship] started to affect my son, when it started to affect my son, I was like \u2018I\u2019m out.' It took me a minute
Remarrying Your Ex-Spouse. Should ex-spouses ever remarry? If you ask a recently divorced person this question, he or she will probably look at you like you have three heads.
Did Single Friends Kill My Marriage?. Did I doom my marriage by surrounding myself with the wrong people?
The Number One Problem Facing America. The election is over, but our nation remains as divided as ever. In my view, however, the number one problem facing America today is not the deficit or unemployment or health care.  It's family instability.
Divorce-Threat Women Work Longer. Women whose marriages are on the brink of collapse work more hours as an insurance against divorce, a study has found. For
Cheating Signs. \The sexual frequency just plummets,\ he said. \There\u2019s no more sex \u2013- it declines, it\u2019s not the same. He gets very jumpy
Being Alone During the Holidays Can Be Tough For Divorced Parents. One of the saddest consequences of divorce for parents is the alone time when your children are visiting their other parent.
It's Not Fraud If You're Married. It became clear that my ex-husband had been deceptively spending large amounts of money and that his financial house of cards was in the process of crashing down.
Dealing with Disasters & Aftermath Of Superstorm Sandy, Divorced or Not. To see the heavy toll natural disasters can take on marriages, look no further than Hurricane Katrina
Sexiest Man Alive. We recently read that Channing Tatum will likely be named People magazine's 2012 \Sexiest Man Alive\ and we have to admit
An Embarrassment of Riches. As the news of Sandy's destruction began to surface, I no longer felt bitterness toward my ex. I felt only gratitude.
Surely You Must Have Known. One of the worst things about being cheated on is others' wrongheaded notion that somehow you were in on the deal. That you knowingly turned a blind eye.
'Fifty Shades Of Grey' Divorce. The \Fifty Shades\ divorce case is currently going to the British High Court, according to the Mirror. The woman's husband
David Petraeus Affair. Gen. David Petraeus' resignation and admission of an extramarital affair Friday caught plenty of people off guard, but for
Will Marriages Be a Casualty of Post-9/11 Conflicts, Too?. It's clear that some marriages may be yet another casualty of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars.
Breakup Advice. After a breakup, the message from friends and family is always the same
David Petraeus Affair And 12 Other Politicians' Infidelities. Gen. David Petraeus' resignation and admission of an extramarital affair Friday shocked political insiders and the Twitterverse
How To Connect With Your School-Aged Children When You're Separated Or Divorced. For divorced and separated parents, maintaining critical relationships with our children can be a difficult, yet essential, task.
High-Tech Cheating. Cheating is easier than ever before. It was a much greater logistical challenge before we had texting, Facebook and the ability to place online personal ads on Craigslist or Backpage.
Celebrity Divorce After 50. While national divorce rates have declined over the last two decades, the divorce rate among couples over the age of 50 -- also
Diane von Furstenberg Wrap Dress Inspired By Designer's Divorce. The designer married Prince von Furstenberg in 1969, but they split three-and-a-half years later in 1972. She got remarried
Adrienne Maloof Divorce From Paul Nassif Is Settled. Nassif and Maloof separated in July 2012 after 10 years of marriage. The ex-couple has three sons together -- 9-year-old
How Divorce Can Adversely Affect The Economy. It is no secret that divorces are expensive. Between hiring separate attorneys and dividing assets, to starting over again
Getting Over Him In Six Steps. You've been dumped. It feels like hell, and you don't know what to do. What will it take to get over a nasty affair, or worse, an unexpected divorce? And will you or your kids make it
The Best (And Worst) Of Breakup Baggage. Offloading your breakup baggage literally as well as figuratively can be very liberating.
Relationship Advice. Why do good relationships turn bad? On Thursday, the Twitterverse channeled their inner Dr. Phil and tackled that very question
Celebrity Rehab. In the aftermath of a difficult breakup, it's not uncommon for people to turn to guilty pleasures such as food, sex and alcohol
Breaking The Faith. As time went on and my marriage became even rockier, I began to question the way I was observing my faith.
Cheating Signs. By Jenny Jack for YourTango.com More Stories On YourTango
Top 5 Ways To Save Money During Your Divorce. You need to remember that this is your divorce, and your attorney is working for you, because when the smoke clears, you will be the one who has to live with cost of the divorce and the ultimate result.
What Parents Can Learn From Hurricane Sandy. Hurricane Sandy got me thinking about the many life events that, if not prepared for, could wreak havoc in our lives.
Divorce Diaries. It's at times like this that being in two homes is most difficult.
Divorce Stress. Don't let anyone tell you differently
Kirstie Alley's Book, 'The Art Of Men,' Highlights Actress's Infidelity (VIDEO). On Monday, Alley sat down with \Entertainment Tonight\ correspondent Chris Jacobs to discuss her new book \The Art Of Men
The Time To Prepare For Disaster Is In Advance. As millions of people are struggling to define their new normal post-Sandy, there may be gaps in your own disaster-preparedness.
The Time To Prepare For Disaster Is In Advance. As millions of people are struggling to define their new normal post-Sandy, there may be gaps in your own disaster-preparedness.
Single Parents' Photos From HuffPost Divorce Readers. What does single parenting look like? HuffPost Divorce asked our community to send in photos of what single parenthood looks
Scared Of Divorce? Keep Your Sense Of Humor (And Sanity) As You Move Forward. Divorce is not a joke. Rarely is it funny. Except for a refrigerator magnet that my friend gave me that said
Deadbeat Parents Cost Taxpayers $53 Billion. NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Over $100 billion is owed in unpaid child support -- nearly half of that to taxpayers supporting children
Divorce Stories. Just how far would you be willing to go to help out an ex? Su Dan, 32, of China, gave part of herself -- literally -- to
Single Moms On TV. Over the last four decades, the number of single moms in the U.S. has increased dramatically -- from 3.5 million in 1970
Are You and Your Spouse Bi... Bipartisan, That Is?. This upcoming election has brought out the worst in my husband and me. It's probably because there is so much at stake.
Are Baby Boomers Still Pushing Up the Divorce Rate?. The Baby Boom generation has had a large effect on demographic trends over the past 50 years. Now that this generation is mostly over 50 years of age, it is interesting to look at what has been happening with regards to their divorce rate in middle age.
Jennie Garth Divorce. Garth isn't the only \90210\ star with a failed marriage under her belt. Click through the slides below to see five other
CMA Awards. Aldean certainly isn't the first country music superstar to be caught canoodling with someone other than his lawfully wedded
Katy Perry, Russell Brand Divorce. Did Russell Brand buy Katy Perry a birthday gift? On Friday, British tabloid The Sun reported that the exes are back on speaking
Your Divorce, Their Business?. Marital problems can lead to more absences, tardiness, on-the-job injuries and loss of productivity. It's costing businesses millions each year.
Handling The Holidays. Every year I have to make a decision. Should I spend Christmas morning at dad's and Christmas afternoon at mom's?
Sports, Politics and Divorce. Marriages may suffer if couples are rooting for opposing political parities.
Celebrity Kids Who Got Caught In The Middle Of Their Parents' Divorces. During divorce, even the best parents can get so caught up in their own anxieties, insecurities and hurt feelings that they
Suspicious? Know If Your Fears Are Real. When you love someone, you don't want to believe they would lie to you.
Breakup Advice. Are you mulling over a big life decision, like ending your relationship? You're in luck; the Twitterverse may be able to
Handling the Holidays. Every year I have to make a decision. Should I spend Christmas morning at dad's and Christmas afternoon at mom's?
My Personal Storm Surge. Emotional \Frankenstorms\ are explainable, understandable even. But they still cause damage in our relationships
Why My Son Has Faith In Marriage. Even though children of divorce learn the hard way that marriage isn't a sure thing, they might also learn to take their time to pick a partner and acquire a healthy respect for commitment.
Celebrity Health. Studies have shown that divorce is one of life's most stressful events. In order to ease some of the anxiety and heartache
Kim Kardashian, Kris Humphries. What's scarier than Kim Kardashian's blond-wigged halloween costume? The fact that her divorce proceedings have now lasted
Dating After Divorce. Integrating your kids during the dating process isn't always that perfect Brady Bunch picture.
Divorce Diaries. When it came to sports with my boys, why did I become pinch hitter?
I Left My Children In Kansas City. Everywhere I go, I hear this story
Pearls of Wisdom. This month I'm celebrating my fifth anniversary. In more traditional circles, the theme for a fifth wedding anniversary is wood. But since I'm celebrating the anniversary of my divorce, I think a more appropriate theme for me is \would,\ as in what I wish I would have known back in 2007.
Parenting Tips While Going Through Divorce. Children are the innocent and powerless victims who will deal with the consequences of divorce throughout their lives.
Halloween Co-Parenting. Who takes the kids trick-or-treating after a split? For divorced parents, Halloween night can be a nightmare when it comes
How Do I Stop Crying?. In the beginning I was ashamed of my tears, but the people who supported me understood that my tears were my feelings all
Divorce Signs. Man Charged With Eavesdropping On Estranged Wife\u2019s Sex Life Maintaining a marriage requires intentionality. Just like other
4 Steps To Help Your Teen Survive Your Divorce. Many divorcing parents put all their attention on helping their younger children cope while assuming that their teenager will understand and adapt. Unfortunately, in many cases teens deal with divorce in more self-destructive and dangerous ways than younger children.
Ronnie Wood Divorce. After the auction was announced in September, the former couple issued opposing statements feuding about the ownership of
Prison Walls No Ground for Divorce. One month into my marriage, my husband committed horrific violent crimes. In that instant, the life I knew was destroyed.
Trick Or Treat. This is not my year for Halloween; my sons' dad and I alternate years. And after almost four years, you'd think I would have toughened up by now. But to me, it's kind of like the holiday itself
I Would Rather Have Chocolates. One of the promises that I made to myself after my 12-year marriage ended in divorce was that I would not say no to new adventures, even if they were outside my comfort zone.
Divorce Humor. If there's one thing we've learned about Twitter, it's that tweeters will never pass up an opportunity to rag on their exes
Russell Brand Divorce. When asked if he would consider getting married again, the British comedian joked,\Yeah, definitely because I really really
Dating After Divorce. I was still married at the time, but my girlfriend wasn't. At thirty-something, she was a veritable man magnet -- smart, sassy and gorgeous. She was also divorced with two bright kids, an ex she couldn't abide and a socializing style that gave new meaning to the phrase, \don't get mad, get even.\
How to Rebuild Your Relationship with Your Adult Children after Your Divorce. Show your children with actions that even though you are not married anymore, you still are the same person to them that you have always been.
Russell Crowe Divorce. If Russell Crowe's new beard is any evidence, the guy is taking his divorce pretty hard. A week after calling it quits with
Arnold Schwarzenegger 'Total Recall'. Shriver filed for divorce from her husband of 25 years in July 2011. Schwarzenegger has since said that he hopes to reconcile
Russell Crowe. You have to ask yourself the question
Leaving the Sandbox. As is common when one reaches a significant milestone, I have been reflecting lately on the ten years since my divorce and my quest to learn how to date with dignity, love myself and find someone amazing to love.
Pet Custody. When your marriage goes to the dogs, and pets are involved, what is the solution?
Fire Away. Sometimes the person we chose at 24 or 29 or 37 is not the person we can live with at 40 or 50 or 60. Should we be miserable for the rest of our lives because it didn't last?
Cheating Spouse. We know that cheating is hurtful, deceptive, disloyal and frankly, just plain wrong. But is there ever a legitimate excuse
Heidi Klum, Seal. \I don't know if we're the greatest friends right now, especially because of the things that he said,\ she told Couric, referring
My Daughter, My Girlfriend. It's been hard to switch from a loving, overprotective father to a loving, sexually active boyfriend -- often in the same day or week.
Understanding Gay Divorce. Some same-sex couples get married in states where it's legal and then move to states where it's not. What happens if they decide to divorce? What are the legal requirements, and how do they affect gay couples who find themselves in this situation? The legalities are complex.
What Not To Do If You've Been Cheated On. Very few people navigate infidelity gracefully. Accept that you're going to wobble and fail sometimes. It's okay.
Dating After Divorce. Are you reentering the dating scene, but feeling a little rusty? Have no fear, the Twitterverse can help you get up to speed
Divorce Help. There's nothing like technology to lessen the blow of divorce. Yes, you heard that right. Sure, divorce is stressful. But
Eva Longoria, Tony Parker. Longoria filed for divorce in November 2010 amid rumors of Parker's infidelity. He was reportedly caught exchanging hundreds
Divorce Lawyer's Favorite Dirty Trick. People talk a lot about dirty tricks in divorce. You can find articles and resources about the usual dirty tricks all over the place. Most of them will also get you in a lot of legal trouble if your hijinks are discovered. Not so with my favorite dirty trick.
Coping With A Single Mom's Four Greatest Fears. Deandra C. describes the life of a single mom as one consumed with trying to keep a roof over your children's heads while
Crazy Exes Who Will Make You Thankful For Yours. Dealing with the stress of divorce can make even the most reasonable person -- and yes, your ex -- act a little crazy. But
Marriage, Divorce And The Economy. Many couples are too financially dependent on one another to make a break, but have lost their emotional interdependence, which helps a couple thrive during outside challenges.
After Divorce, Women Rebound Faster But Stay In Poverty Longer. Though many divorcing couples treat each other fairly and respectfully as they work out financial settlements, some former
Jane Fonda. Jane Fonda is playing favorites. The screen legend, 74, recently attended the Georgia Campaign for Adolescent Pregnancy Prevention
Demi Moore, Ashton Kutcher. Moore announced her plans to divorce Kutcher in November 2011, after rumors circulated that he had a one-night stand with
Why Premarital Counseling Didn't Work For Me. I went into my marriage with my eyes on forever, and I needed the tools for it.
Fergie, Josh Duhamel And Five Other Celebrity Couples Who Dealt With Stripper Scandals. No one would argue that suspected infidelity is one of the toughest roadblocks to overcome in a marriage. In an episode of
Cheating Spouse. Years ago, getting in touch with a married lover required careful coordination and a well-executed plan. Ringing your beau
The Massage That Changed Our Post-Divorce Lives. A year after the divorce, Erik said the words that changed our family's course. \It's my fault Daddy left,\ he said. \If I was perfect, he wouldn't have left.\
O, Come All ye Newly Single Parents. In the immediate wake of a divorce, it's hard enough to just get through each day. The extra pressure to conjure up a warm and fuzzy holiday season for your kids is enough to turn even the fairest of us all into a wicked witch.
Same Story, Different Day. I've seen many people think the grass is going to be greener on the other side, only to find themselves landing on a chunk of dead grass.
Why Does My Husband's Ex-Wife Hate Me?. Here is a list of the most common reasons your husband's ex might not think too fondly of you.
In-Laws Stories. Have a nitpick-y mother-in-law or a controlling father-in-law? It's best to keep your feelings about them to yourself during
Celebrate Mediation Day. October 18, 2012 is Mediation Day
The Truth About Emotional Affairs. Even if two people are not engaged in a physical relationship, the emotional attachment can threaten the very foundation and fabric of the marriage.
Dr. Oz. According to the CDC, at least 50 percent of sexually active men and women will get the virus at some point in their lives
'I Married A Psychopath' (VIDEO). HuffPost blogger Noelle R. Andrews' post last week titled, \Reflections On Marriage To A Psychopath,\ explained her whirlwind
Good Things That Came From Bad Divorces. The black-and-white thinking that surrounds divorce obscures some of the good things that never would have happened if certain marriages had never ended.
How the Dating Scene Has Changed Since You Got Married... and Divorced. If you've recently reentered the dating scene after a little hiatus that we call 'marriage,' here's the battle-gear to help you prepare to date 2012-style.
Custody And Its Different Components. A custody dispute is by far the most complex and heated part of a divorce action.
Awkward Stock Photos. Here at HuffPost Divorce, we have a love/hate relationship with stock photos. Sure, there are plenty of good ones that grace
Danny DeVito Divorce. Is Danny DeVito using retail therapy to help cope with his recent separation from Rhea Perlman? This week, Radar Online reported
Learning From Your Mistakes. Never underestimate the power of the familiar. Unless you do some very hard work, you're a sitting duck for a rerun. Before you go looking for love again, here are some things to think about.
Divorce Advice. They say hindsight is 20-20, and as anyone who's ever been through a divorce will tell you, the saying is especially true
Sex 101. Having re-entered the dating world after a twelve year marriage that ended abruptly and traumatically in divorce, I wanted a new and improved sex life as I moved forward.
Katie Holmes Divorce. Is Katie Holmes ready to throw her hat back in the dating ring? Not yet, according to Radar Online. But when she does, it
Russell Crowe, Danielle Spencer Divorce? Actor Gets Back To Work After Announcing Split. If getting back to work is the best way to recover from a breakup, Oscar winner Russell Crowe is on the right track. According
6 Reasons Marriage Counseling is BS. If you want to save your marriage, for the love of God, don't go to marriage counseling.
Celebrity Sex. The \sex addiction\ diagnosis has long been a controversial one, with skeptics claiming that it's nothing more than an excuse
The Bipartisan Marriage. How could a nice liberal Jewish girl like me get with an uber-conservative? What did I see in him? How did we not kill each other?
How To Manage Your Divorce. Divorce is so cataclysmic that it has been compared to an earthquake or a volcano. It destroys your world, leaving you bewildered about the present and uncertain about the future.
Divorced After Decades. Over the years, there has a spike in the divorce rate among people \of a certain age.\
Celebrity Couples. People move on after divorce in a variety of ways -- talking to a therapist, taking up a new hobby, or planning a tropical
Relationship Problems. What was the one thing you and your ex constantly fought over? On Friday, Tweeters revealed what drives them crazy in relationships
Yes, It Even Happened to Emily Post.... The next time you feel challenged by being -- or getting -- unmarried, ask yourself
Dating After Divorce. By Devon Brown for YourTango.com What His Romantic Past Says About Him You need to either be secure in yourself and your
Cheating, Schmeating?. As a die-hard romantic, I'm always thrilled when couples that have broken up get back together again. Especially if they parted ways because of something so inevitable as one of them sleeping with another person.
Greatest Fear About Divorce. Here at HuffPost Divorce, we like to focus on the positive aspects of divorce -- moving on, living a life on your own terms
National Coming Out Day. Coming out of the closet after years of marriage isn't easy. But a number of celebrities have bravely made the leap, opening
Digital Divorce. When a formerly happy couple calls it quits, who gets the Farmville money in the divorce settlement? Technology permeates
The Five Musts For Dealing With Domestic Violence In Your Divorce. When guys going through divorce say they are the victims of domestic violence, they are often met with blank stares, suspicion and disbelief.
Blended Families. The uber-high divorce rate among Hollywood couples has created some seriously big (and complicated) blended families that
Does Parental Divorce Take A Toll On The Long-Term Physical Health Of Children?. For over three decades, scientists and clinicians have documented the effects of divorce on the psychological well-being of children.
Celebrity Sex Tapes. Celebrities are well-accustomed to being in the limelight -- from talk show appearances to magazine photo shoots and everything
The Conversation That Ended My Marriage. The summer my husband and I slept in separate bedrooms and slipped into separate lives, I read \When Your Lover is a Liar\ by Susan Forward. Based on the book, I held this conversation with my spouse at what would be our final counseling session.
Danny DeVito Divorce? 6 Other Celeb Couples Who Split After Decades Together. After 30 years of marriage, Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman are separating, the couple's rep, Stan Rosenfield, told \Entertainment
Danny DeVito And Rhea Perlman. The Twitterverse took the news even harder, lamenting the end of the diminutive duo's marriage with a mixture of sadness
Relationship Advice. After a bad break up, it's only natural to sit around in your comfiest PJs wondering where things went wrong. Was it something
Breakup Advice. There's no way around it -- breakups are tough. But as difficult as they may be, there's nothing like the right piece of
Arnold Schwarzenegger, Maria Shriver Getting Back Together?. Are Maria Shriver and estranged husband Arnold Schwarzenegger getting back together? If Shriver's ring finger is any indication
Interview With 'You Can Be Right (or You Can Be Married)' Author Dana Adam Shapiro. Why do some marriages last and others fizzle?
Farewell To My Befriended Ex. My 68-year-old ex-husband, Arnie Rabinor, was diagnosed several months ago with non-operable pancreatic cancer. Within 10 weeks, he was gone. His loss was a stunning and heartbreaking blow.
Celebrity Exes. It seems like the easiest way to land a reality show these days is to be the former spouse of someone famous. Need proof
A Secret Love Child. When I heard Arnold Schwarzenegger tell \60 Minutes\ host  Lesley Stahl that fathering a love child during his affair was the \stupidest thing I have ever done,\ I cringed. Those words confirmed for me the stigma of being illegitimate. I know, because I am a secret love child.
Divorce Financial Planners. You only have one chance at a settlement which will affect you for the rest of your life. You want to be sure to get it right.
Breaking Up Is Hard To Do, Breaking Prenup Is Harder. (Reuters) - Though it's relatively rare, there are ways to break a prenup. Agreements are just agreements, after all, says
My Stepfather Steps Up. Daddy\u2019s not here too much anymore. Mom\u2019s dating. She\u2019s dating ministers. She\u2019s dating rabbis. She\u2019s dating Bob Hirschfield
Nicole Kidman's Divorce Depression And 4 Other Celebs Who Struggled Post-Split. In spite of all their fame and fortune, celebrities struggle in the wake of a break up just like the rest of us do. But for
Divorce And Remarriage. It was as though I had gone to sleep and woken up in a different life. How did this woman replace me? She'd become wife to
I Love You But. Sometimes the hardest part of breaking up is letting go of someone, even though you still love them. Just ask the Twitterverse
We Are Seven. Envision yourself in your child's place if you decide to walk out the front door. And then carry that memory around with you for awhile.
Simpson Parents List The Family House For Sale (PHOTOS). The listing certainly fuels the fire of speculation that the elder Simpsons are preparing to part ways after 34 years of
Marilyn Monroe And Joe DiMaggio Divorce. The voluptuous actress instructed her attorney, Jerry Giesler, to file suit today on grounds of mental cruelty. In the Oct
Making Divorce Easier On The Kids Starts At Mom's New Home. To those of you who read my blog, Mommy Wants Vodka, you know that I'm in the process of a divorce. In fact, just this very
Take The 'Di' Out Of Divorce. It takes some skill and practice, but when you are starting over, learning how to recover from the loss is vital. Here are some tools for getting over The Tool.
Celebrity Divorce. In Hollywood, it's not uncommon for the romances between characters to develop into real-life relationships. Sometimes the
The Pros And Cons Of Dating A Divorced Man. Two years ago, I met a gentleman I shall henceforth call James, because his name was, well, James. James and I had a first
(Step)-Family Trees With Tangled Branches. Here's a not-so-uncommon predicament
Three Signs You Have Fallen In Love After Divorce. After divorce, you may be finding it difficult to tell if you are really in love with your new partner. After sharing so much with someone else, the dating world may seem confusing and like an emotional roller coaster!
Letting Go of the Need to Forgive. As I obsessed over how to forgive, I spent hours thinking about how much I had been wronged. It wasn't helping me move forward at all.
'Step By Step' Cast. \Step by Step\ -- which premiered on ABC in 1991 -- was one of the first shows post-\Brady Bunch\ to highlight the complexities
Divorces Can Come In Shades Of Grey. For many, life in their 50's is not what they had hoped for.
Friendship Custody. Joining Mike Sacks along with Pesoli and Schorn to explore this sticky area of divorce are Ed Housewright, founder of SingleDadHouse.com
How To Plan Your Divorce On Pinterest In 17 Steps. It's not just for weddings anymore, you guys! Read more on www.buzzfeed.com
Arnold Schwarzenegger Divorce. Click through the slideshow below for scenes from the couple's 25 year marriage, then weigh in
Divorce Reasons. In a bad relationship, it can be difficult to find one good reason to stay together. And if the Twitterverse is any indication
The Joy of Divorce. The loneliness I feel now, on occasion, is no where near the loneliness I felt in my marriage.
Katy Perry Divorce Party Planned To Celebrate Anniversary. \u201cHer pals have been persuading her to have a huge party or go to Vegas for a few days but Katy decided on throwing a small
Divorce And Porn. Would you divorce your spouse over porn? On Monday, Gulf News reported that an Emirati woman divorced her husband after she
Celebrity Divorce. Look at almost any celebrity divorce announcement and you'll likely find a line about how \amicable\ the split is and how
White Wedding. I wanted to feel special on my wedding day. I didn't. I wasn't even excited. That was the biggest sign of all that my marriage wouldn't last.
The Game Changer of Divorce. How do you forgive the unforgivable?
Should The Richer Parent Get Custody?. The prospect of someone -- me -- who works full-time for a middle-class salary and has no family money, having to pay child support to someone who has so much family money that he doesn't work, wanders across the border of Ludicrousland and into Heinousville.
Divorce Rates. However, it's possible that a cause-and-effect relationship could account for lower divorce rates among couples who didn't
Too Much Sex? Is 300 Times A Year Unrealistic?. That's the question readers considered Thursday after reading Marcy Miller's recent HuffPost blog on post-divorce dating
Divorce Children And Bullying. It is the parents' job to help their children learn how to deal with difficulties in life.
Celebrity Divorce. It's hard to find the silver lining in divorce, but in the end, there's usually some hard-earned lesson you can take away
Who Counts?. Including the time spent dating my ex husband and the length of our marriage, I was off the market for almost thirteen years. I never expected to be back in the dating scene, but after catching him cheating and going through a tumultuous divorce, I was thrown back into the fray.
Intangible Assets. There is one group of assets that is entirely left out of the formal divorce process
What Can A Divorce Coach Do For You?. Getting unmarried is as time-consuming and detail-oriented as tying the knot in the first place, so if you were the type
Post Recession Divorce. As miserable as you may be in your marriage, you should take the following financial situations into consideration before making the decision to split.
Rolling Stones' Ronnie Wood 'Staggered' By Ex-Wife's Auction Plans. The rocker, 65, and Jo, 57, separated after his widely reported relationship with a young cocktail waitress named Ekaterina
New York City's Craziest Prenup Agreements. New York celebrity-divorce lawyer Nancy Chemtob is used to getting eccentric requests from her well-heeled clientele. But
John Mayer, Katy Perry Dating? Pop Star Isn't His First Rebound Relationship. Say what you will about John Mayer, but you've got to hand it to him
Children And Trigger Points. Over the years, I have seen many divorces in which right after the final judgment is entered, the parents agree to disagree
Cheating Husband. Despite the red flags that tried to slap me in the face back in my college days (I should have listened to my mom!), I took
Ex Lessons. Not all relationships are meant to last forever, but if we're lucky, we walk away with a better understanding of what we
Russell Brand Divorce. Funnyman Russell Brand got serious when asked about his divorce from Katy Perry in an episode of Australia's \60 Minutes
Top Mistakes Men Make When Dating After Divorce. Whether you married young like I did or had been in a long marriage, you may feel clueless about how to date again. It's like waking up from a coma and finding yourself in a foreign land, having to learn a new language and understand different social norms
Divorced Mother Deals With Business Travel Guilt. My husband and I were in marriage counseling and it was becoming evident that divorce was on the horizon. The one thought that kept going through my mind was how I was going to handle the demands of my professional career as a single, divorced mother.
Wash That Man Right Out Of My Closet. I'm no feng shui expert, but I'm pretty sure that holding onto a wedding gown from a failed marriage may keep me from meeting the man of my dreams. Just an educated guess.
Emmy Nominees 2012. This year's Emmy-nominated actors and actresses are a successful bunch, bringing star power to some of TV's most critically
Nigerian Woman Divorces Husband For Talking Too Much. In a marriage, sometimes it's better to keep your mouth shut. Unfortunately, one Nigerian husband didn't heed this advice
Dating After Divorce. One of the ways that people cope with divorce is jumping from relationship to relationship -- or  getting over someone by getting under someone else.
Elin Nordegren. We haven't heard much from Elin Nordegren since the Tiger Woods scandal broke in 2009. After all, the tight-lipped mom of
Five Post Divorce Financial Tips. Everyone knows how devastating, frustrating and emotionally difficult divorce is. Sometimes though, we overlook the other, more logistical challenges of splitting up.
Custody Thoughts. There is no aspect of marriage, and for that matter divorce, that engenders more potential emotional or financial mayhem than children and the issues of child custody.
Dark Nights. Grief overcame me like a dark cloud. I felt so much sadness that I thought I'd drown.
Getting Back Into The Dating World After Divorce. Getting back into the dating world after divorce can be tough
Get A Divorce, Quickie Style. Quickies aren't just for sex and marriage. Just like getting hitched quick by eloping in the Bahamas or Vegas, many are now untying the knot fast enough to cause whiplash.
The Co-Operative UK Supermarket Offers \u00a399 Divorce Kits. A UK supermarket chain is now a one-stop-shop for all of your family's needs -- bread, milk, eggs and... divorce? Critics
Top Divorce Lawyer Has No Prenup, Blames Donald Trump for Trend. I had a great conversation on HuffPost Live Thursday with a Google Hangout filled with brilliant marriage and divorce experts
Single Fathers. Dating is different when you're a single dad.
What Makes A Great Stepmom?. My mother and I grew up in divorced homes, and we endured the experience of having both stepmothers and stepfathers. This was, of course, a situation neither of us desired as children, and it caused us both to deal with a great amount of adjustment as adults.
Divorce Coach. Pittenger used her divorce coach to take lawyers almost completely out of the equation. She worked with an attorney-turned
Eva Longoria, Mark Sanchez Dating. Eva Longoria stopped by \Chelsea Lately\ Tuesday and opened up about her relationship with Jets quarterback Mark Sanchez
Three Signs Divorce Mediation Is Not For You. The process of mediating a divorce can be a great alternative to traditional divorce litigation. For many, a private process
Memories Light The Corners Of Your Child's Mind. You kids have probably been through a lot and need some really special memories to keep with them.
Breaking the Legacy of Divorce. Divorce goes back five generations in my family and some of my relatives have even raced to the altar two or three times. As an adult child of divorce, therapist and author, I'm passionate about helping adult children of divorce break the cycle of divorce and achieve satisfying relationships.
Occupy Wall Street Anniversary. Click through the slides below to see the Occupy Wall Street couple in happier times. \I suspect it was probably my leaving
My Post-Divorce Downward Mobility Has an Upside. My post-divorce downward mobility had an upside.
Your Child Can't Be Your Partner. It's only natural that after divorce, parents -- lacking the support and help of a spouse -- often turn to their children to get practical help and emotional support.
Seven Reasons To Forgive Your Ex. Forgiveness may seem like the last thing you'd want to consider when you are upset with your ex-spouse, but here are seven reasons why you should.
Celebrity Divorce. Divorce is no laughing matter, but that hasn't stopped celebrities from poking fun at their splits. From twice-divorced Robin
Celebrity Weight Loss After Divorce. It's not uncommon for celebrities to lose weight for movie roles, but they also tend to shed pounds for a more stressful
What Did I Do?. I began to question if I had been truly honest about what really happened in our marriage. I had never asked myself the most important question of all
Does My Child Need Therapy?. You are getting a divorce and suddenly your child is withdrawn, hostile, sucking his thumb, bed-wetting and exhibiting worrisome changes of behavior.
Jennifer Lopez, Casper Smart Relationship. The former \American Idol\ judge revealed that she feels \lucky\ that Smart -- who is also her backup dancer and choreographer
Overcoming Communication Barriers In Marriage & Divorce. Having counseled and represented thousands of people in their divorces, it is very clear to me that quite often, marriages fail because of an innate inability to allow each other the right to think differently.
Co-Parenting Until Death Do You Part. For divorcing couples with young children, resolving immediate critical issues -- from custody and time-share arrangements to education and religious involvement -- is just the beginning of their long-term work as co-parents.
Why Mom-In-Chief Doesn't Work For Me. Oh, Michelle Obama. I wish you hadn't said it. I truly wish you hadn't said that at the end of the day, \Mom in chief\ is your most important title.
It's A Jungle Out There. Are women our own worst enemies?  Are men justified in believing that women are insecure and needy?
Post-Divorce Dating And The Rebound Room. Coming out of a divorce -- especially after 17 years -- is like stumbling forward in a half-stupor, blind to what would be obvious to a child. You look the same as you did. You can function. But everything you hear is filtered through the background music of your long marriage.
Heidi Klum, Seal Divorce. In an episode of \Katie\ that aired Wednesday, the supermodel acknowledged to host Katie Couric that she is dating Kristen
The Stepfather Dance. This parenting thing isn't about fairness, and the moment a divorce occurs, children are forever in a no-win place. They cannot make choices about whom they love according to some balance sheet.
Money & Divorce. Regardless of how amicable -- or unexpected -- your divorce might be, your heart might not be the only thing that ends up battered. Your piggy bank could be busted, too.
Men Behaving Badly. After divorce, I dipped my toe into online dating. More precisely, I cannonballed into a boiling lake of boys by joining OkCupid, EHarmony and Match.com simultaneously.
The Scarlet Letter. When you have to tell someone that you're divorced, it feels like admitting that you failed at something.
The Story I Told Myself. When I was young, I married a man I didn't love
Must The Visits With Our Children Be So Awkward?. Non-custodial divorced fathers have a particularly tough challenge. These men are often at a disadvantage because they are not privy to the casual sharing that evolves around day-to-day interactions.
Do Doubts About Getting Married Predict Divorce?. To provide more insight into the significance of premarital doubts, Lavner and colleagues interviewed 464 spouses from 232
The Downside of Being a Stay-At-Home Dad?. The more economically dependent a man is on his wife, the more likely he is to cheat.
Funny eCards To Send To Your Ex. Have you ever thought about shooting your ex a scathing text or email, but just couldn't seem to find the right words -- or
Why Celebrity Divorces Can Break Our Hearts Too. When the Internet told me that Amy Poehler and Will Arnett are splitting after nine years of marriage, I audibly gasped.
Lying To Ex. The best relationships are founded on mutual trust and honesty, but is it ever okay to lie to a spouse? We asked our Twitter
Heidi Klum, Bodyguard Relationship? Not The First Reported Celebrity-Staffer Pairing. Heidi Klum and Seal's supposedly \amicable\ split took a turn for the worse Saturday when Seal accused his ex of \fornicating
Kim Kardashian, Kanye West Relationship. Kim Kardashian stopped by \The View\ Wednesday to dish on her divorce and her new love, Kanye West. Kardashian's divorce
Chad Johnson, Evelyn Lozada Divorce. \I would like to apologize to everyone for the recent events that have occurred,\ Johnson said in a statement on his personal
Mel Gibson Divorce. Mel Gibson may be paying for his divorce long after retirement. According to TMZ, Gibson's ex-wife, Robyn Moore, will receive
Five Reasons To Have A Rebound Relationship Right Now. Unlike many other divorce and relationship experts, I don't believe that it's necessary to abstain from all relationships until you have emotionally recovered from your divorce. Instead, I recommend that divorcees jump headfirst into a rebound relationship.
Australia Divorce. An Australian man is getting a dirtier divorce than he expected. Click through the slideshow below for other strange but
What My Students' Families Taught Me About Divorce and Co-Parenting. After seeing so many students struggle, this teacher learned a lesson about co-parenting peacefully.
A Husband, A House, A Mortgage, A Baby, A Light Bulb Moment. And we did, for a time. It was great. I had it all. I had the American dream. I lived in a beautiful loft in the heart of
Celebrity Divorce. From Katie and Tom to Johnny Depp and Vanessa Paradis, it's been a split-filled summer for a number of celebrity couples
Why Abuse Didn't End This Woman's Marriage. How do you know when it's time to leave? When it gets violent.
\u2018Bye Baby' Video. First, there was the Life Is Good cover art, which featured Nas cradling his ex-wife Kelis's green wedding dress (it was
In Defense Of Divorce. The other night a friend of mine confessed he was thinking of getting a divorce. After hearing his reasons why and finding
Attention, Guilt-Ridden Divorced Parents!. Admit it. You feel guilty about your divorce. So guilty, in fact, that you want to buy your kids presents to try to make it up to them.
Celebrity Makeovers. Sometimes a big breakup is the perfect inspiration to try out a new look. Plus, you get to show your ex what he or she is
Back To School Advice For Divorced Parents. DECISIONS, DECISIONS In addition to nurturing your kids emotionally through a divorce, there are some grown-up decisions
Why I'm Single. \Why are you still single?\ Most of us dread that question, especially after divorce. Apparently, that's not the case for
Divorcing The Ring. For many, having a bare finger seems unbearable -- as if something is missing, in more ways than one. The act of taking that ring off your finger can bring forth a mixed bag of emotions.
Why Equal Child Custody Should Not Be Presumed. Divorce is not a situation -- especially with children -- where one size fits all. It is important for an attorney and for the courts to look at each case differently.
Money And Divorce. Divorce isn't easy for anyone. But for the poorest couples in our nation, money-related issues all too often contribute to
Being at Home. For many years after the divorce, I rented a house for one week before the high season so we could assemble to be together -- the children with each other, the children with Mom.
Helping You And Your Children Make It Through Divorce. Just as the safety announcements on airplanes urge you to put on your own oxygen mask first, make sure you have the tools to change your negative responses so you can focus on also taking care of your children.
Divorcing Parents. If you and spouse decided to divorce at some point during the summer, have you considered what the upcoming school year will be like for your kids?
5 Mistakes Women Make When Dating after Divorce. Learn from the mistakes others have made and travel smoothly as you begin dating after divorce.
'Brady Bunch' Cast. When \The Brady Bunch\ first premiered in 1969, it was one of the first shows to feature a stepfamily adjusting to the the
Liberty Ross Movie Offers Pour In After Rupert Sanders, Kristen Stewart Scandal. According to a Radar Online, the 33-year-old British actress wants to take full advantage of the spotlight the cheating scandal
Is It Cheating? Tweeters Offer Their Exceptions To Cheating. Is it ever OK to cheat? On Tuesday, the Twitterverse offered up situations in which it would be OK to stray from a relationship
Taking Responsibility For My Part In Our Failed Marriage. It's so easy to point a finger at your soon-to-be ex and make a list of all the things they did that contributed to the downfall of your marriage.
How To Attract Women After Divorce. Overall, the secret to attracting anyone in your life is feeling good about yourself and projecting it outward.
How This Woman's Husband Discovered Her Affair. I suppose in some weird, judgmental way, I always thought that affairs were symptoms of moral character. And now I see them for what they are. It is a crying out of feeling totally alone within your own marriage.
Forbes' Billionaires' Marriages And Divorces. It seems that money -- even loads of it -- can't buy love. Although billionaires seem to love tying the knot (82-year-old
Hope Springs. When it comes to couples therapy, Hope Springs achieves an incredibly thoughtful and realistic portrayal of this process.
Waiting Before Leaping. \Honey,\ my mother said as she lay dying, \don't stay with someone who doesn't make you happy. Life is too short.\
Siamese Twin. The first time that I had to utter the word \divorced\, I felt an incredible sense of shame and failure that truly shocked me.
The Seven Virtues Of Divorce. Let\u2019s just face the simple math of marriage for a moment, that one of every two wedded unions in the US ends in divorce. \u00a0By
Usher, Tameka Foster Custody Battle. According to TMZ, a judge awarded Usher primary custody of the ex-couple's two sons, Usher Raymond V, 4, and Naviyd, 3. Foster
Kelsey Grammer Divorce. \Yeah, I did. And I did believe that I owed something to that person, that I owed fame,\ Grammer says, refusing to use Camille's
The #1 Reason Not To Be A Divorce Blabbermouth. Here's a word of advice for anybody going through a divorce
Shut Your Pie Hole. When I found myself divorced before thirty,  I assumed that my family and friends -- many of whom are, shall we say, experienced divorcees -- would offer wisdom and insight into managing this life-altering event. I was wrong.
How To Tell Your Children About Divorce In Ten Steps. There are few harder moments in parenthood than telling your kids that it's over between mommy and daddy.
Dating After Divorce. More Stories On YourTango
A Starter Marriage. When I look back on my starter marriage, I realize how important it was; it helped shape me into the better wife that I am today in my second marriage.
Disney Princess Marriage. Disney's animated leading ladies tend to spend a good chunk of screen time pining for their proverbial (and in some cases
Divorce Diaries. I'm grateful for how far my soon-to-be ex and I have come and for how much we have accomplished. But I wouldn't want to do any of it over again -- and that's in my amicable situation.
10 Things Going Through Every Divorcee's Head. Here are some of the things people going through a divorce think -- some funny, some tragic, others somewhere in the middle.
Celebrity Dating After Divorce. Who is he?! The celebrities in the slideshow below were all spotted with unidentified \mystery men\ after their divorces
Back To School. The start of school year is much more complex for divorced or blended families than intact ones.
Grandparenting Well When Adult Children Divorce. Grandparents are on tricky ground when their adult kids divorce.
Divorced TV Characters. Turn on your television now and you're bound to see a character going through a divorce or dealing with the never-ending
Phyllis Diller Marriage Quotes. Phyllis Diller, an actress and comedian best known for her rapid-fire wit and stand-up comedy act, died Monday at the age
Cheating At Work? Survey Suggests 66 Percent Of Americans Fear Infidelity At Trade Shows. Click through the slideshow below for other divorce research findings
This Woman's Husband Had 40 Affairs. I started getting that bad feeling. It was burning. One night we were in the kitchen and I just went, \Oh my God, Chris, are you having an affair?\
Divorced Celebrities Who Remarried After Saying They Wouldn't. There's nothing like a tough divorce to turn you off from marriage altogether. The divorced celebs in the slideshow below
Celebrity Divorce. Let's be honest
You Can't Be On The Same Page When You Aren't Reading the Same Book. I came to the realization that trying to blend our very different personalities, beliefs and visions was pointless.
How Do You Know When Divorce Is A Good Idea?. When the promises of a bride and groom are made in the bubble of romantic love, yet untested by life, there is naivet\u00e9 and ignorance about what life can bring.
The Multiple Meanings Of Custody. Divorcing fathers typically have one trait in common
Ex Talk. On Friday, the Twitterverse got to talking about their former flames. From tell-all tweets (\Hmm u cheated?? I did too ^_^\), to
Obama Divorce? 5 Other Politician Divorce Rumors (PHOTOS). A controversial biography of President Obama made waves in May 2012 by claiming that Michelle Obama considered divorcing
Break Up Happily Ever After! Throw A Party!. The death of an unsatisfying love relationship can be viewed as a chance to begin a highly fulfilling love relationship -- one that will thrive, thanks to all your freshly-gained wisdom.
Does Cohabitation Cause Divorce Or A Better Marriage?. Should you live with your future spouse before tying the knot? Does cohabitation provide a good trial run for marriage or is it just a sign of a lack of commitment?
Kate Winslet, Sam Mendes Divorce. The \Titanic\ star isn't the only celeb to score the marital home after divorce. Click through the slideshow below for five
Jennie Garth Divorce. \u201cLuke has been one of my friends who I can call and talk about stuff and has been through something himself,\u201d Garth said
Celebrity Divorce. In the heat of divorce negotiations, you and your former spouse may argue over who gets the grill or the first edition books
Five Things I Wish I Could Tell My Ex. I'm glad I can admit that my ex's lousy behavior didn't excuse my own. I'm glad I can admit that I made some really stupid choices, so I don't have to make them again.
Love, Forgiveness & Gratitude. When you forgive yourself, you pay homage to that which is human in you -- the capacity to never stop learning and growing. When you forgive, you let go.
Online Dating. We people dating mid-life, we're like old shoes. We buff up okay but our stains and worn down heels show up fast. And when shoes are worn in, they're worn in. There's not much one can do to an old pair of shoes. They either fit, or they don't.
Why My Married Girlfriends Defriended Me. Divorce is a time of transition; a client of mine refers to it as pruning. You'll have friends that will drop off your radar, but you'll also have some whose friendships stand the test of time.
I Am An Ex 'Ex'. \My ex.\ That lasso of a phrase yanking me back into hopeless, oppressive days. That retrograde, strangling repo-truck of a phrase felt not merely unwanted, but like a double-bladed offense.
Divorce Causes. Is divorce contagious? On Tuesday, journalist Vicki Larson stopped by HuffPost Live via webcam to discuss her recent blog
Non-Mutual Divorce. It's wise to be sure the divorce is necessary, but if there's no hope for the marriage, letting go as gently and as quickly as possible will save the sanity and the assets of both partners and their children.
Kenny G and Lyndie Benson-Gorelick Divorcing. The music is over for Kenny G and his wife of 20 years. The 56-year-old saxophonist has officially filed to divorce Lyndie
Breaking Up. Out with the old, in with the new! On Tuesday, Tweeters used the hash tag #OnToTheNextOneIf to reveal their ultimate relationship
Cheating Signs. 20 Famous Couples Who Got Engaged Too Young 4 Questions To Ask Yourself Before A Breakup Or Divorce 4. Enjoying and then
Just How Private Should Divorce Be?. We marry in a great public display of love and commitment. Divorce, however, is a totally private and personal event. But, is it really?
Your Friend Is Getting Divorced. While no one can remove the pain of divorce, they can ease it. Here are 12 things people did for me that actually helped.
Why Women Leave. On Monday, the Twitterverse used the hash tag #SheLeftYouBecause to consider the reasons women leave bad relationships. From
Why Women Stay With Men Who Cheat. Cheating. It\u2019s a word that brings with it powerful emotions and knee-jerk reactions, especially when the couple concerned
Back To Basics. Confidence is the number one element both men and women find attractive in each other. When you feel confident, you attract love and opportunity in your life
Will Smith, Jada Pinkett Smith Divorce? Actress Denies Split Rumors. Jada Pinkett Smith's heard all about those pesky, persisting rumors that she and Will are divorcing. The Smiths aren't the
Movie Marriages. By Christy Lemire, AP Movie Critic LOS ANGELES (AP) -- Meryl Streep and Tommy Lee Jones play a longtime married couple who've
Darrell Plews Reportedly Sets Fire To Ex-Wife's Belongings. Plews isn't the first man to torch his spouse's stuff after a split. In July, a Denver man faced one count of second-degree
This Man Was The World's Worst Husband. You have to find somebody who is willing to accept you for who you are and then tell you that that's not good enough.  And with their help, you figure out how to be better.  And you need to do the same thing for them.
Cat Ommanney's Wedding Dress? She Never Liked it Anyway!. Breaking up is never easy. When you're in the thick of it, it's hard to imagine you'll ever come out the other side alive -- let alone smiling.
Celebrity Homes. It seems that nothing takes the sting out of divorce quite like purchasing a multi-million dollar estate. The celebs in the
How Divorce Affects Your Credit. Divorce is painful. In addition to the emotional and familial challenges, divorce can also affect your finances. And that
Do Genes Explain Why Divorce Affects Children In Different Ways?. One of the most consistent research findings that explore the effects of divorce on children is that the results are inconsistent.
Harry Connick Jr. Saved My Life. You never know what ray of light will rescue you from the dark days of divorce.
Kris, Bruce Jenner Divorce. Kris Jenner may have met up with an old flame behind her husband's back on \Keeping Up With The Kardashians,\ but she says
Back To School. From Suri Cruise to Coco Arquette, it's been a long, split-filled summer for the children of divorcing celebs. And now it's
The Real Reason Why Divorce Sucks. Divorce sucks because you have to deal with the person on a regular basis if you have kids with them.
5 Tips For Talking To Your Kids About Divorce. How did you talk to your kids about divorce?\u00a0asks Circle of Moms member Michelle D.\u00a0\u201cI am in the process of divorcing my
Pot Smoking Vs. Medical Marijuana. Since the legalization of medical marijuana under certain circumstances in California, Michigan and several other states, there has been a lot of discussion about the implications of this in divorce.
Evolutions in Co-Parenting. I savor the rare moments when my ex and I can once again connect on common ground. While I am acutely aware of the distance that exists between us and the copious amounts of water under the proverbial bridge, I also recognize the bond that remains.
Break Up If. Breaking up is hard to do, but the Twitterverse is here to help. On Monday, Tweeters used the hash tag #breakupif to share
Friendship Day. Brace yourself for a big group hug. Why? Because August 5 is Friendship Day. The holiday, which takes place on the first
Single Working Women's Day. Happy Single Working Women's Day! Yes, according to the Single Working Women's Affiliate Network, August 4 is a day to pay
Divorce Readiness Questionnaire. Here are 10 Simple, True-or-False questions to ask if you are considering divorce.
You May Be Divorced, But You're Still a Family. One of the most misguided concepts divorced couples with children have is that they will actually be able to get divorced.
Divorce and Devotion. What does a divorce mean for your own faith, if that faith specifically disavows divorce?
Marilyn Monroe Quotes On Love In Honor Of Death Anniversary. With three failed marriages and a number of reported affairs to her name, Marilyn Monroe had more than a few opinions about
I Was Married to a Con Man. My husband was a brilliant and talented man whose skills included creating and maintaining a separate existence.
Does Religion Help Or Hurt Divorce Adjustment?. There have been many studies of the factors that contribute to divorce adjustment, but in general, most scientists have overlooked the religious aspects of divorc
Divorce Signs. Look at the indicators below to see where you fall on the spectrum of marital turmoil
To Find Love Again, Try Changing Your Behavior. Do you want to increase your prospects of finding new love after divorce? Do you feel like there is a \new you\ you want to present to the world this time around?
Can We Assume It's Temporary Insanity?. Around about the same time I got divorced, three other women I know also got divorced. Their husbands each had an affair. We joked -- sadly -- that it must have been something in the water.
Divorce Diaries. Matters arise daily, and every day I seem to feel unprepared for the challenges, decisions and situations I couldn't have predicted.
Start A Divorce Support Group. No matter your resources or your situation, divorce isn't an easy transition for anyone.
Secrets To Embracing Being A Single Divorced Mom!. Transitioning from married life to divorced life is a challenge. Doing this with children at home can takes that challenge to the next level.
Cheating On Spouse. Many Redditors urged the woman to consider whether sleeping with her friend was worth the cost of her marriage. Others encouraged
10 Things Divorce Attorneys Won't Say. From how much it will cost to how long it will take, these are the facts of divorce that your lawyer won't ever come out
3 Financial Steps to Take Before Your Wedding Day. Summer is for weddings, not divorces.  But since approximately 10 percent of marriages fail during the first five years, and 25 percent don't make it to their 10th anniversary, couples should be proactive and do some financial planning in advance just in case married life is short-lived.
Life After Divorce. After divorce and being out of the dating scene for a while, it may be hard to remember where to meet single men.
Divorce, British Style. All eyes worldwide are on London for the 2012 summer Olympic Games. I thought this might be an opportune time to examine divorce -- British style.
Dianne Burnett on Divorce. I wondered, taking another sip of champagne, why I'd endured a decade of a less-than-riveting relationship with my future ex-husband.
Adrienne Maloof Divorce. It's over for \Real Housewives of Beverly Hills\ stars Adrienne Maloof and Paul Nassif. Meanwhile, Maloof, who reportedly
5 Common Misconceptions About Divorce. What you don't know about divorce can hurt you. Below are five common misconceptions about divorce that will hopefully clear
Are Kids Learning How To Be Unfaithful in College?. Perhaps instead of focusing on our kids' declared major, grades and degrees, we should be paying attention to their extracurricular activities.
Kristen Stewart Cheating With Rupert Sanders. Was it only a kiss? Days after photos emerged of Kristen Stewart kissing and hugging married \Snow White and the Huntsman
Marilyn Monroe Marriages. She may have sung \I'm Through with Love\ in the 1959 hit \Some Like It Hot,\ but off-screen, Marilyn Monroe never gave up
Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries. Fact is, whether Brad, Angelina, Jennifer, Bristol, Levi, Snooki, or anyone else is hooking up, breaking up, or something in between, the odds and ends of their relationships are grist for the Internal Revenue Service mill.
Is This The Worst Thing You Could Say To A Divorcee?. The end of a long-term relationship is horrible and devastating, but I don't believe that it compares to the emotional trauma of getting a divorce, no matter how long the couple has been together.
'Game of Thrones' Lena Headey Divorcing Peter Loughran. It's dark days for House Lannister. On Wednesday, TMZ learned that \Game of Thrones\ actress Lena Headey filed to divorce
The Little Blue Pill. Viagra has dramatically altered the entire dating landscape. The sex lives of the young, middle-aged and the old will never be the same.
Life After Divorce. Life after divorce can be taxing on anyone, especially if you are unsure about how to pick up the pieces.
Do Stepmothers Get a Bum Rap?. Stepparents can't will themselves to love their partners' children any more than the children can be expected to readily bond with the parent's new spouse.
Alimony. Really?. I put all I had into both of my marriages, and while I do believe that I deserve the full benefits of those marriages, I do not believe that my ex-husband should have to pay me for my own life and support.
Connecticut. Although we've been separated for two years, I still have a hard time facing the fact that I was cast out and replaced by another woman. It's like watching a movie in which someone else lives my life.
Is Lust Ever Worth Breaking Up Your Marriage?. \Regrets. I've had a few,\ Frank Sinatra crooned in his famous song. But how often do people regret their divorces?
Undoing A Divorce. Two people may love each other very much, but wanting to be together and being able to be together are two completely different things.
The #1 Post-Divorce Decision. The biggest life decision that you will make is whom you're going to have a relationship with.
Celebrity Divorce. Jennifer Lopez admitted on \Good Morning America\ recently that she still believes in the \fairytale\ of marriage, despite
Grandparents, Purse Strings And Divorce. (Reuters) - Here's a sad scenario
The Five Lessons Divorced People Learn About Marriage. Want great marriage advice? Ask a divorced person. People who lose the most important relationship of their life tend to
Rejection. There is something about romantic rejection after divorce that seems to carry an extra sting that I never anticipated.
Make Smart Choices For Post-Divorce Co-Parenting Success. Divorce doesn't end your co-parenting relationship with your former spouse. It only changes it.
Child Custody. In 2010, New York became the last state to adopt no-fault divorce. But children's rights are still routinely ignored. Will it take another 40 years for children to be heard?
Kris, Bruce Jenner Divorce? Kardashian Hints At Future Split. Tensions were high on Sunday night's episode of \Keeping up with the Kardashians\ after Kris spies Bruce golfing with -- and
Divorce Custom. For most of us, parting ways with a spouse comes with little ceremony, save for signing those divorce docs in the lawyer's
Summer Vacation And Child Custody Agreements. The temperatures are hot. The kids are out of school. It's officially summer! And with summer, say goodbye to your daily routine and hello to possible chaos.
Celebrity Quotes. Time and time again, we're advised to rise above the temptation to badmouth our exes. Apparently, these celebs didn't get
Moving Forward After Divorce and What Not to Do When Co-Parenting. Here are a few things I had to do in order to get to a place where I could be the most effective mother and co-parent possible.
Dating Advice For Women Seeing Married Men. Dear Monica, I have been dating a man who says he is getting a divorce\u2014but there doesn\u2019t seem to be any real movement toward
When Adult Trophy Children Divorce, Parents Are Along For The Ride. Trophy children are motivated when they are able to see how they will benefit from a situation. In order to find the divorce payoffs, trophy kids should spend time brainstorming what they want when the divorce is final.
Have Sex With Your Spouse. Haven't marriage experts been giving out this same advice for years?
Child Custody. Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes may have avoided a drawn-out custody battle with their quick divorce settlement last week, but
The Costs Of Being Suri Cruise. Raising a toddler doesn't come cheap, least of all in Hollywood. No one knows this better than Suri Cruise, the\u00a0pint-sized
The Parent Trap. There is big flaw in the system when it's easier to be a good parent and a good partner when you're not married to the father or mother of your kids.
How To Break Up. 7. Give your ex false hope that you will reunite when you know the relationship is over for good. Try to soften the break
Make Divorce Settlement Not War. While settling a divorce that quickly in Hollywood -- or anywhere for that matter -- would normally be a \mission impossible,\ Holmes and Cruise did it in record time.
Russell Brand Divorce. \Of course I still feel great feelings of compassion and warmth for Katy,\ Brand told Morgan, echoing the love and goodwill
Can A Trust Protect My Assets In Divorce?. As financial portfolios become more and more complex, financial trusts are becoming increasingly common.\u00a0 Why?\u00a0 Because trusts
The 3 Steps to Becoming a Super Stepmom. Did you know that only about one-third of stepfamily marriages last? The statistic begs the question
Is It Better To Have Loved And Lost Than To Never Have Loved At All?. Tell the truth. Express your feelings. If you like someone, tell them. If you don't, leave or at least be upfront with them
7 Things Never to Say to Someone Going Through a High-Conflict Divorce. Friends and family want to comfort those in the crosshairs of a high-conflict ex, so they offer conventional wisdom. They believe they're offering sound advice because they are reasonable people and it doesn't occur to them that not everyone is capable of being reasonable.
Divorce and Term Life Insurance. What if you discover that your ex can't get life insurance because of his health or that the policy has lapsed? Since you can't go back and renegotiate the property settlement, you could be out of luck.
Katy Perry Divorce Final From Russell Brand. Click through the slideshow below to see other celebs who -- like Perry -- reportedly got the house after their splits. According
Help! Should I Tell My Friend that Her Husband Is Cheating on Her?. Either way, you can love her and help her see her best self, so that when she goes through phases when she can't see it herself
How To Settle Child Custody in Holmes-Cruise Speed. The swiftness with which Katie Holmes and Tom Cruise reached an agreement regarding the custody of their daughter has led many people to wonder about how it could happen so quickly and with such apparent ease.
After Divorce Complications. Unfortunately, divorce isn't like a stubbed toe that hurts intensely at the time but fades away after a while with -- hopefully -- no scar; instead, divorce can act more like a gluten allergy --always there, lurking and waiting to be triggered, then arriving uninvited to wreak havoc on our lives at any time.
Curse Of The Vera Wang Wedding Gown? How Eight Celebrities Who Married In Her Designs Have Ended Up Divorced. Vera Wang, the wedding dress designer synonymous with romance, announced yesterday she is separating from her husband, Arthur
Judith Wallerstein And Divorce. My friend Judy Wallerstein, who died last month at age 90, liked to tell the story of how she was drawn into the rancorous
Katie Holmes Divorcing Tom Cruise. Jennifer Lopez says she was \stunned\ when she heard the news that her friends, Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes, had split. Lopez
Divorce Finances. Divorce your husband, apparently. Click through the slideshow below for other divorce research findings
Divorce and Parenting. As a divorced parent, what lessons and behaviors are you modeling for your children? The messages you convey will influence your children into adulthood.
Second Divorces Multiply The Cost And Pain. (Reuters) - When Sharon Chayra was facing her second divorce at 49 and with three children, she panicked. Her first marriage
Usher Custody Battle. \He grew close to Kyle and, of course, that has nothing to do with the situation with Tameka,\ the source told magazine. \He
Emotional Infidelity. In this day and age, most of us have friends of the opposite sex, whether they are co-workers, casual acquaintances or close
Pick-Ups. After I had thrown out my cheating husband and filed for divorce, it was time to dip my toe into the dating pool.
Why Do Celeb Marriages Fail?. Why is it that when a couple seems to have everything -- fame, fortune, health, and an adorable child -- it doesn't work?
Vera Wang Divorcing Arthur Becker, But WiIl They Still Work Together?. Vera Wang is separating from Arthur Becker, her husband of 23 years, Women's Wear Daily reported Wednesday. Wang, a designer
Tom Cruise, Katie Holmes Divorce. \Victoria's been a real tower of strength,\ an unnamed source told the magazine. \She and Victoria have been talking a lot
Is Divorce Easier If You Don't Have Kids?. It seems like having a discussion about kids -- do we want them? when do we want them? how many do we want? -- would be a no-brainer for a couple before saying their \I dos.\
Dispelling The Myth Of Gender Bias In The Family Court System. We hear a lot about how the courts are biased in favor of mothers when deciding child custody.
The 5 Strangest Ways To Attack Your Spouse. Most couples vow to stay married \'til death do us part.\ Or at least, 'til a strange attack by one spouse, usually over
I'm Happier Being A Part-Time Parent. I\u2019m going to admit something to you, xoJane readers
What About Divorce Among Same-Sex Couples?. The media has been increasingly focused on the legal circumstances of same-sex marriage while overlooking the even more complex situation of same-sex divorce.
Tom Cruise Divorce. Was Tom Cruise really blindsided by Katie Holmes' divorce filing? It's possible. Just a few days before Holmes moved to end
Nora Ephron Memorial. Among the other themes at Ephron\u2019s memorial
Ten Rules For Navigating The Relationship Minefield Post-Split. If you are newly single or divorced, dating again can prove to be quite challenging and intimidating.
Katie Holmes Custody Settlement. Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes have reached a divorce settlement, including a custody arrangement for their 6-year-old daughter
My Marriage Did Not Survive Recovery. Having alcohol in our marriage was like a three-legged stool. There was me, my ex and the alcohol and our relationship had grown around it.
The Top 10 Reasons Women Re-Marry The Wrong Guys. The kind of person we say we want and who we're actually drawn to, settle for, or put up with are different matters entirely. What's going on here?
Global Forgiveness Day. We're supposed to \forgive and forget,\ but when it comes to exes, that's often easier said than done. But since July 7 is
Signs Husband Is Cheating. Why Men Cheat
Waiting To Hire A Divorce Attorney Could Cost You. If you know you're headed towards divorce, it's time to get up and hire a divorce attorney. This is true even if you haven't
The 5 C's of Divorced Co-Parenting. However you may feel about your ex-spouse, if you have kids, you are still co-parenting.  That's right
Seal, Heidi Klum Divorce. In an interview with USA Today published Thursday, the 49-year-old singer opens up about his split from Klum, which the couple
Make Me A Match. After a self-esteem damaging divorce -- my husband cheated with a young woman and discarded me like day-old sushi -- I needed positive reinforcement that I was still desirable. I needed professional dating help but I did not know where to turn.
She Moved Me (Nora Ephron). I'm moved because Nora, for all the success she had in the outer world, chose not to tell many about her disease.
Interview With an Adulterer. When I was in my early 20s, my Aunt Veronica yanked me aside at a family party and said, \Has anyone told you about married men?\ Her inflection made me laugh. It was a warning both stern and amusing.
Celeb Divorce Trivia. Katie Holmes got cameras clicking this week when she made her first public appearance without her wedding ring since she
I'm Forty Years Old And My Parents Are Divorcing!. Mom and Dad have forged strong careers, have financial success and are unwilling to remain in unhappy marriages that are unfulfilled. With a good number of years of healthy active life ahead of them, they are taking a long, hard look at the person with whom they will be spending it.
Planning A Vacation...With Your Ex-Spouse?. It\u2019s too early to know whether Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes will join Hollywood\u2019s group of amicable ex\u2019s who happily vacation
Fourth Of July 2012. After divorce, celebrities tend to make sweeping statements about their newfound single status. Some gab to the press about
Divorce Ceremonies. Much like a wedding ceremony brings two people together, a divorce ceremony splits two people apart
I Wish I Could Go Back... Confessions of a Divorced Mom. This brutally honest story of regret brings many issues to the surface that so many married couples deal with. Issues that, if left unresolved or are ignored, often result in the breakups of marriages -- and the breakdown of families.
Celebrity Divorce Settlements. One big question remains in Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes' recent split
How Do You Cope When Your Life is Falling Down Around You?. When my life was falling down around me -- within a year, I got divorced, was laid off, started my own business, moved to a new country, etc. -- I didn't react well.
What Are You Waiting For?. Some of us have struggled with how to speak our truth when we know it may hurt someone we care about and that it may end a relationship.
How Do I Relocate After Obtaining Custody of My Children?. How do you relocate? How do you start the process of relocation?
Form 1040 As A Do-It-Yourself Forensic Tool In Divorce. Julian Block is back again.\u00a0 In this piece he explains how an individual tax return can be used to help uncover\u00a0assets in
Addiction And Divorce. In many marriages where one spouse is the addict, the other spouse becomes the enabler. This can become a major part of the problem.
Eva Longoria Boyfriend. The couple began dating in February 2011, shortly after Longoria had finalized her divorce from basketball player Tony Parker
Time For Some \Time-Outs\. Some parents need a serious timeout. No negotiation, no bargaining, no giving in. Off you go to be by yourselves and think about what you've done.
Why An Affair Can Be Psychologically Healthy. Affairs usually reflect something about a person's existing relationship that's not being faced. Nevertheless, affairs can be psychologically healthy for some people.
Dealing With The Paparazzi. The news is out -- you're getting a divorce. For many couples, breaking the news to friends and family is the toughest part of the process.
Dating After Divorce. How much you discuss your love life with your children depends on your relationship with them. Introductions should be reserved for when you feel the relationship has potential.
Equal Custody Between Parents Should Be the Legal Norm. There is one presumption that seems to be missing from the body of legal presumptions in family law
How I Stopped My Ex's Cyber-Bullying. As someone who has endured nine years of cyber harassment from an ex, I'll tell you what it's like. It's degrading, bile-producing, and blood pressure-spiking.
What I Remember About Nora Ephron. I first met Nora Ephron when I was ten or eleven at one of my grandmother's summer parties in Martha's Vinyard. It wasn't a big deal because my family was made up of writers and publishers who hung out with famous writers, editors, politicos, so Nora was just another grown-up who had done impressive things
Carl McCoid, Miley Cyrus Fan, Tattoos Cyrus On Body (PHOTOS). Now that he's unveiled the tats, McCoid said he hopes the recently engaged singer -- who's a notable tattoo fan herself -- will
Dominique Strauss-Kahn, Anne Sinclair Have Separated, Source Says. * Separation occurred a month ago, source says * Couple say will sue magazine for privacy invasion (Adds Strauss-Kahn and
Tom Cruise Katie Holmes Marriage. Cruise was previously was married to Nicole Kidman, with whom he has two children, and actress Mimi Rogers. This was Holmes
Suri Cruise Custody. Below, photos of the couple with Suri in happier times
Missing Nora Ephron. I can't stop thinking about Nora Ephron. I miss her like she was a best friend but I never met her.
Katie Holmes Divorce. It seems like everyone has an opinion about Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes' divorce -- including a few of their colleagues from
Ritualize Your Divorce. During my first year post divorce, I tried to come up with a ritual to cover every painful moment. Time flew by quickly as I did the rituals and, in the end, I had a better understanding of myself.
Where Will You Live After You Leave?. Although many people are forced to find new housing in a marital separation or dissolution, the truth is that when you're in the middle of such emotional, financial and familial turmoil, there is no worse time to try to decide on anything. Why not make temporary housing available to these folks?
\u2018I Have No Idea What We're Going To Do With Nora'. When I heard the news that Nora Ephron had died, I felt as if I\u2019d lost a close friend. I suspect it\u2019s the same for many women
Even Dogs Suffer After Divorce. EVERYONE knows the emotional fallout from a bad divorce
Dating Myself. November 2003:\u00a0I am barely 23, married, and a newly christened mommy to a nursing, doesn't sleep much, what some would call
Divorce Stress. At the same time, I made certain that I established good time management skills so that I was not taking on more responsibilities
I Can't Date You If. Are you newly single? Has it been ages since your last date? Not to worry, the Twitterverse has got you covered. When #ICantDateYou
When Can Secrets Be Shared?. Everyone has a private life that is really \private\.
Peter Cook Marriage. Peter Cook has more to be happy about than the fact that he finally resolved his recent custody battle with ex-wife Christie
Thank You, Nora Ephron, For Telling The Truth About Divorce. That line about divorce encapsulated everything about Nora Ephron
Top 10 Critical Financial Tips During Divorce. Navigating the emotional shoals of divorce is never easy. Add in the problems of untangling shared finances and it gets that
How Nora Ephron Changed My Life. In one instant, Nora Ephron saw something inside me and altered the direction of my life forever.
(Not Your Mama's) Relationship Questionnaire. Sometimes I wonder if the divorce rate would be so high if we could make a questionnaire for our love interests to fill out before we step into the abyss of a serious relationship.
Time For Me To Move On. There is a pivotal moment in divorce process when you realize it is really over and it's time to move on.
Charlie Sheen, Denise Richards Divorce. The pair, who've previously appeared together in \Two and a Half Men\ and \Spin City,\ aren't the only famous exes to make
Zooey Deschanel Boyfriend? 8 Other Surprising Post-Divorce Rebounds. Does Zooey Deschanel have a new man in her life? The 32-year-old actress, who filed for divorce from rocker Ben Gibbard in
The 6-Step Formula for Positive Parenting Before & After Divorce. Parenting before after divorce can be complex, frustrating and confusing.
My To Do List For 2nd Marriage. I'm getting married for the second time in August. I'm marrying a woman that I truly love, but I truly loved my first wife and that didn't work.  So why get married again, when we could just live together?
Christie Brinkley And Peter Cook Settle Divorce Dispute. Is it really over? Both parties were quick to issue statements about the settlement, with Cook's lawyer stating on behalf
Should You Divorce a Sex Addict?. The discovery of a partner's sexual compulsivity is a wake-up call. If both partners are committed to recovery, the marriage could actually be transformed into a real union marked by genuine intimacy and integrity.
Celebrity Divorce. Celebrities don't generally make the best decisions when it comes to divorce. Some of them throw in the towel on their marriages
What Role Should Judges Play In Divorce Disputes?. When parents seeking a divorce are unable to settle on a co-parenting plan, they often end up in front of a judge.
'Till Death Do Us Part' or 'Till The Kids Part?. How many of married couples, a good portion about to be empty-nesters, will still be married for their kid's college graduation? My gut says not too many.
\Mistake:\ Writing Songs As An Anger Management Tool During Divorce. My ex kept referring to his infidelity as a \mistake.\ It was such a small word and seemed like such a throw-away comment. It felt like the people who say, \the gun just went off.\ Well yes, while you had your finger on the trigger. It didn't just go off all by its sweet little self.
Courteney Cox. \Well, let's just put it this way,\ Cox offered, \if it was my husband, that would be cheating.\ The fictive affair never
Kobe Bryant, Vanessa Bryant Reconciling. Now, with Burton's piece in mind, we want to know
My Husband's Having An Affair - And I Pretend I Don't Know. My husband's laptop is open on the sofa. I glance at it casually and my eye is drawn to an open email. \My darling girl,\ it
Divorced Dad Wants To Reconnect With Daughter. Dear Straight Talk
Does Cheating Automatically Mean Divorce?. Is it possible to move on after a spouse has had an affair?
Child Custody. A single father from Ottawa, Canada claims that his weight stands between him and his two children, CTV National News reported
Judith S. Wallerstein, Psychologist Who Analyzed Divorce, Dies At 90 - NYTimes.com. Judith S. Wallerstein, a psychologist who touched off a national debate about the consequences of divorce by reporting that
Child Custody. The 38-year-old, 360-pound man will appeal the case and stage a hunger strike at Ottawa's Parliament Hill Friday, the news
House Rules. As America's economic recovery continues at what feels like a very sluggish pace, more and more ex-spouses are making the jump from marriage partners to housemates.
Divorce Rings Are the New Bling. A wedding or engagement ring is the ultimate symbol of love, so what do you do when you want to discard it and move past the relationship that the diamond is tied to?
The Interview. As an author, I dread one thing
Katy Perry Divorce. In the latest issue of The Hollywood Reporter, the 27-year-old singer opened up about her divorce from the British comedian
Good With His Hands. After being married for 7 1/2 years and living with my husband two years before that, I had gotten used to a man around the house.
A Gift From A Parent To A Child. In working with children, teens and young adults whose parents have separated or divorced, I find that many mourn the loss of their family this time of year
What Would Monica Geller Say About Courteney Cox's Divorce Strategy?. For ten years on the sitcom Friends, Courteney Cox starred in the role of Monica Geller, a beautiful and successful 20-something
How Should Your Attorney Act in Court?. There are some things that attorneys should do to more effectively represent a client in divorce court.
How Many Marriages Actually End In Happily Ever After?. Though there are no statistics specifically addressing how many long-term married couples consider themselves happy or actively in love -- it would be difficult to assess -- there are other facts and statistics to support the claim many remain together obligatorily ever after.
Do You Want To Be Right Or Do You Want To Be Happy?. Are you stuck in a bitter divorce fight?
Oprah Kardashian Interview. Kardashian, who is reportedly dating Kanye West, also told Winfrey that she's matured since ending her 72-day marriage in
\Mrs. Robinson's Disgrace\. Kate Summerscale\u2019s books are a balm to the wary narrative nonfiction reader, proof that not every good true story rests on
When You Don't Love Your Step Children. Like many Circle of Mom members who are step moms, Bianca N. has a dirty little secret
Is The \New Father\ A Myth?. It's a tough time to be a dad. Let's give give dads what they really need -- a loud collective voice that says fatherhood matters.
Don't Let Grey Divorce Put You in the 'Red'!. Grey Divorce -- divorcing in your late 50s or 60s or even later -- is a wake-up call that requires the same attentiveness for everyone involved.
Tsunami Divorce. My divorce was a tsunami. The wave of precursors was hidden deep beneath the surface of the marital waters and were not visible to the naked eye.
How Do I Tell My Kids My Marriage Is Over? [VIDEO]. As if deciding to get divorced isn't tough enough, when you have kids, you have to find just the right way to tell them about
The Financial Impact of Divorce. Divorce is not only an emotionally trying experience, but it can be a financially devastating one, as well. According to
Divorce Effect On Kids. When kindergarten-age children witnessed conflict between their parents, this eventually lead to issues in their teenage years, including depression and anxiety.
Seeking Single Mentally Healthy Divorced Dads. Many of my divorced guy friends are frustrated because they go on first dates, but the second date eludes them.
Divorcing For The Sake Of The Children. Two parents staying together strictly for the sake of the children set standards that are no longer acceptable in today's age.
Courteney Cox Divorce. Courteney Cox Arquette has requested to drop \Arquette\ from her last name once her divorce is finalized. The \Cougar Town
Father's Day 2012. With Father's Day fast approaching, we thought we'd take a moment to applaud some of Hollywood's best single dads. Click
Oprah Kardashian Interview. Kardashian famously filed for divorce from Humphries in October 2011, just 72 days after their estimated $10 million dollar
Russell Brand Talks Katy Perry. Russell Brand is maintaining a zen attitude about his pending divorce from Katy Perry. Read more on www.eonline.com
Marriage Over? 5 Questions To Ask Before Deciding To Divorce. By Catherine Behan for YourTango.com 2. Are you companionable? If you and your man have many shared interests and enjoy doing
Getting Back into the Dating Game. Rip off the band-aid that is holding you back and take a leap of faith. Put yourself back together, exude confidence and try something new.
How To Take Back Your Power After A Divorce. Any relationship break-up can be tough, but divorce can feel like a blow.
Father's Day 2012. It's no easy feat parenting as a divorced dad, but week after week on the small screen, these fictional fathers show us how
Kobe Bryant Divorce. The Bryants' situation makes me wonder what is \better\ as far as their kids are concerned
Single Parent Guilt. If single parenthood is a rough road, we're told to put on a brave face and \get over it.\
The Dreaded \Single Disease\. During and after a divorce, some of the women whom you thought were good friends will abruptly disappear from your life.
Divorce. Once I was divorced, people assumed that I was enlisted in a war -- \us against them\ -- pitting Mars against Venus.
Kobe Bryant Divorce From Vanessa Bryant Called Off?. We can't say that we're surprised. Back in February, the pair were seen sharing a courtside kiss, fueling reconciliation
David Arquette Divorce. Nearly two years after announcing their split, David Arquette and Courteney Cox are divorcing. According to TMZ, Arquette
Divorce Hotel. There was a husband who ordered a bottle of champagne to toast on a new future. He wished his ex-wife all the best. It was
Troy Aikman Antes Up $1.75 MILLION In Divorce Settlement. NFL legend Troy Aikman is making good on his post-divorce promises -- ponying up $1.75 million to his ex-wife as part of
How To Protect Your Alimony From The Economy And Other Unknowns. The economy has been sluggish for years. We\u2019re recovering from the worst global recession since the Great Depression, and
Single Motherhood & Dating. I\u2019m a single mom and until someone professes their love for me and we have a this-is-real-let\u2019s-be-together-talk, I am calling
Divorce Runs In My Family. My one divorce had annihilated what little courage I possessed and going through another, I thought, would do me in completely.
Does Extramarital Sex Cause Divorce?. Ask anyone how an affair affects marriage and they will likely say that infidelity is severely damaging. So what has been the view of family scientists and clinicians?
Dear Young Me. If you could warn yourself about a doomed relationship before its demise, would you? On the website DearYoungMe.com, the
Why I Said \Yes\ to Marriage Again (& What I've Learned Since). Five years ago, I did something I thought I'd never do
Alimony for Cohabiters, Still, in 2012. Divorce is about the end of a relationship, and alimony is about its continuation beyond the finish line.
Don't Push My Buttons!. If ever there was a time when our buttons get pushed, it is during divorce.
I Don't Anymore. Although June is often a good month for weddings, there really is no good time for divorce. And it always comes at a cost
Brian Presley Hits On Model Melissa Stetten, She Live-Tweets It. People will live tweet anything these days, from consuming a Quiznos sub to performing brain surgery. It comes as no surprise
Mark Cefalo, Jr. Offers Advice On Dealing With Parent's Divorce In YouTube Video. Dealing with your parent's divorce as a teen is never easy, but it helps to know you're not alone. In the video above, 16
Are the Kids Alright?. For the kids to be alright, the adults need to remember that whatever their differences, their struggles, or their feelings about each other, their kids need them whenever possible to act as a team in being responsive and responsible parents.
My Family Picked My Ex Over Me. I'm more of a take sides kinda gal. I want the line in the sand, and I want my people on my beach. Unfortunately, that's not the way my family sees it. Their motto is, \Once family, always family.\
Celebrity Divorce. Sure, celebs often marry their fellow celebs, but once in a while, they decide to give us regular people a chance. And while
Lip Dub Proposal. Remember that guy who gathered more than 60 family and friends to perform an elaborate \lip-dub\ proposal for his girlfriend
Just Being. My goals are straightforward
Why Not the Fairest?. Once Upon a Time and the other stepmother tales suggest that, as a culture, we may still harbor deep anxieties about non-biological mothers.
How I Let My In-Laws Make and Break My Marriage. When one spouse has a primary attachment to someone that is stronger than the attachment to his partner -- be it a lover, a parent, or a child --  the marriage is in trouble.
Cheating Celebrities. When a Hollywood marriage ends, allegations of philandering often accompany the news. Sometimes, the third party is a regular
4 Strategies For Toddlers Who Play Favorites. Does your toddler seem to love one parent more than the other? Is it consistent, or do they play you against each other? And
Don't Sign Those Divorce Papers Without Financial Advice. As anyone who has been through a messy divorce can attest, with goodwill eroding faster than the lawyer bills are stacking
Miley Cyrus Engaged. Miley Cyrus confirmed Wednesday that she is engaged to Liam Hemsworth. While we're thrilled for the couple, who have been
Once Wedding Ring Was On Our Relationship Started Changing. Within a few months of returning from our honeymoon, our relationship started changing.
Hope?. Hope is a four letter word. It is the enemy of the newly broken-hearted.
Double-Dip Recession Boosts Cheating Websites As Unhappy Spouses Can't Afford Divorce. The double-dip recession is fuelling the rapid growth of cheating websites, as thousands of unhappy spouses say they are
Manuel Tovar Accused Of Taking Nude Photos Of Ex With Hidden Camera. Click through the slideshow below for other strange, but true divorce stories. A Texas man has been accused of installing
The Power Of The Prenup. (Reuters) - For centuries, men and women didn't marry for love -- they married for money. The union of a man and woman was
Celebrity Divorce. What can average citizens learn from the divorce mistakes of the rich and famous?
How to Prevent The Wedding Black And Blues. The last time you saw your ex-husband, maybe you said to yourself
How To Handle Shared Custody When Your Ex Gets A Girlfriend. It's a fact that's both uncomfortable and inevitable
Rebound Relationship. So, what's a guy to do? He's hurting, but he can't tell anyone. And grieving and wallowing in private are likely to only
Why I Believe Marriage Shouldn't Be Allowed Before Age 25. People under the age of 25 are still discovering themselves; they are figuring out what is most important in their lives
The 5 Toughest Parts Of Single Parenting. It\u2019s hard enough to be a parent these days
What's Wrong With Me?. I'm not particularly proud of three failed marriages, but I do know that I gave it a try. The truth is, people change; sometimes we change with them, sometimes we don't. We can cry about it, be shamed by it, laugh at it, and move on.
Olivia Wilde. The 28-year-old old actress, who filed for divorce in March 2011, told Amanda de Cadenet that separating was \the scariest
Facebook Divorce. This idea is certainly supported by what happened in 2007, when the then-booming New York real estate market produced a string
ShouId I Encourage or Discourage My Kid to Get Divorced?. Some parents look on with horror when they realize their son or daughter's marriage is in trouble. Others are delighted that their unhappy child finally sees the light.
Divorce. A lawyer friend remembers a divorcing couple who jealously guarded every bit of personal information from the other spouse
John Edwards Verdict. On Thursday, John Edwards' campaign finance fraud case ended in a mistrial. According the Associated Press, jurors acquitted
Ex Sex. The Best Divorce Advice On YourTango You have officially called it quits. Then, one night, your ex calls and invites you
Happily Ever, After Divorce. MY husband and I starting talking divorce at my friend Sara\u2019s wedding. It was May in the Hamptons. Standing before the crashing
Celebrity Divorce. For every celebrity who talks publicly about their split (Kim Kardashhian, Seal, we're looking at you), there's another who
How To Parent After Divorce. A long-divorced friend of mine is struggling with her daughter. The girl is 12, and no longer wants to abide by her parents
Divorce Rate. We've all heard that nearly half of all marriages in the U.S. end in divorce (whether the stat is accurate is another story
Is Alimony Still Necessary?. Alimony, in spite of everything else that may be negative about divorce, should be the one part that is fair and just to both parties. No one should be the winner or the loser.
You've Decided To Leave Your Spouse -- Now What?. You've hemmed and hawed. Maybe you've been in counseling for months; maybe you've just been quietly observing -- unable to believe it -- as your marriage disintegrated into ignored conversations and diverging lives.
Top 5 Kid Concerns When Parents Divorce. If you are divorced or in the process of a divorce, you're probably wondering what the kids are thinking.
My First Divorce. At the Times, it makes no difference if you're writing an article about a wedding or a Page One story, you're expected to do thorough investigating and rigorous fact-checking. But can love be fact-checked?
Divorce Cause. Married men, you may want to step away from the Xbox. In a recent online survey of 721 Japanese women, playing video games
How To Divorce. Wondering how to file for divorce? Here's what you need to know, from family law attorney Margaret Klaw, who blogs at Family
Techno Phobe. I feel like the Rip Van Winkle of dating, waking up after being out for a long time to find that modern technology has perverted the matchmaking process.
What to Do When Co-Parenting Doesn't Work. Divorce is terrible enough, but to have a divorce that is so hellish as to make co-parenting impossible is another kind of terrible altogether.
Fifty Shades of Your New Life After Divorce. Fifty Shades Of Grey, which many say is simply erotica for the middle aged, is really a love story, and one that touches upon the very core of what effortless, extraordinary love is all about.\
4 Questions Not To Ask A Single Mom. Just the other day when I was meeting a friend for coffee after a Saturday morning run, I was reminded once again that I
Demi Moore, Ashton Kutcher Reconciling?. Are Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher reconciling? Moore, 49, announced her plans to divorce Kutcher, 34 in November 2011, amid
How Guilt, Shame and Regret Drive Divorce Decisions. Guilt, shame and regret are common emotions that are experienced during the divorce process.
Military Divorce. I moved out about a month before he came home. I had the place cleaned, as well as his truck detailed. Oh yeah, and I didn't
Why I Finally Stopped Lying To My Teenage Son About Dating. As my marriage fell apart and my ex saw us even less frequently, our son shifted into what he considered his role of \Man of the House.\ And, in one of many mistakes I've made in parenting, I let him.
The Dos & Don'ts of Successful Post-Divorce Parent/Child Communication. It's no secret that one of the biggest challenges a parent faces after divorce is staying in good communication with your children.
Why Internet Infidelity Is a Growing Problem. Given Facebook's recent IPO, declining stock value and founder Mark Zuckerberg's surprise wedding -- all of which happened within days of each other -- it's easy to say of Facebook's status
'Keeping Up With The Kardashians'. Jenner married former Olympian Bruce Jenner in 1991. The pair have two daughters together. \I've definitely talked to my
'Pregnant Man' Divorce. He filed for divorce one week later, claiming that Nancy had physically attacked him on multiple occasions. According to
Divorce Questions. Conversations with friends, family and acquaintances after a split can be awkward -- to say the least -- and they are likely
Clarifying Questions for Dating Singles. After the divorce, when the time feels right to start dating again, there are a few things to keep in mind.
Celebrity Divorce. Don't let Kim Kardashian fool you
Relief to Drop The Mask. I was existing day-to-day like a hamster running in the wheel of its cage. Always on the move, but going nowhere.
'Should I Divorce?' 10 Ways To Tell If Your Marriage Is Over. Despite divorce being so common, many couples are caught off guard when it actually happens to them. They believe that if
Prince William Marriage. Assuming Junor's allegations are true, were William's fears justified? A 2005 study by researchers at the University of Utah
Cat Divorce. Talk about one crazy cat lady. Let this be a warning to the Russian woman living in a two-room apartment with 130 cats
7 Ways Single Moms Cope With Loneliness. \u201cAm I the only single mom feeling lonely out there?\u201d asks Kelly B. Her words underscore a common plight for Circle of Moms
Must Divorced Fathers Become Second Class Citizens?. Men starting over may be very frightened by the enormous responsibility of maintaining two households at a time when they're feeling inadequate and insecure.
11 Things All Good Divorce Lawyers Need To Know. People often become totally irrational during a divorce.
Do It For The Kids. I made sure to marry in my twenties so I could start a family in my thirties. I planned out my life to fit a very elaborate fairy tale. But, as they say, \God laughs at those who make plans.\
Celebrity Custody Battles. As Usher's increasingly messy custody battle with ex-wife Tameka Foster has illustrated, celebrities don't always play nice
Cheating Study. Though they weren't able to pinpoint a precise reason for the correlation, the researchers offered some possible explanations
Summer Parenting - Visitation And Custody In The Summer Months. It's not uncommon for parents to disagree over summer parenting schedules. Particularly if your child custody arrangement
Divorced, But Dating Your Ex. Sometimes it's reasonable and appropriate to get back with your ex. It doesn't happen often, but in some cases it can end up being positive. However, you have to make sure that you're getting back together for the right reasons.
Seven Ways to Cut the Stress of Divorce. It probably does not come as a surprise to you that anxiety and stress disorders are common among recent divorc\u00e9s. Some choose to deal with this stress by taking anti-anxiety medications.
Billy Bob Thornton. In an interview with ABC's \Nightline\ last week, the Oscar-winning actor admitted that he \blew it\ with Jolie -- who's
Should Kids Call Stepparents 'Mom' And 'Dad'?. Figuring out how a stepparent fits into kids' lives is hard. Circle of Moms members wonder about everything from whether
Celebrity Divorce. Hollywood divorces are a dime a dozen, but most celeb couples like to think they can beat the odds. In fact, some stars have
Divorce Diaries. I will never forget when my parents got divorced and my mom, who was totally involved in my parents' finances, gave very me clear advice
Why Divorce Doesn't Always End A Relationship. Here's how most of us who are thinking about leaving our marriage imagine divorce will be like
4 Ways to Manage Summer Media with Your Ex. \Is it that bad to let your kids watch Aliens?\ My ex-husband posed this question to me -- and he was dead serious. Did I mention that our kids are 6 and 8?
How To Break Up With Someone. What's the worst way to break up with someone? On Sunday night, Twitter users revealed their worst-case split scenarios using
10 Tips To Avoid A Costly Divorce. Divorce. Your world is falling apart emotionally and financially. Even if you saw it coming, you were unaware of the financial
Postnups Becoming More Popular, But They're Not For Everyone. So your spouse isn\u2019t doing the dishes enough? Try a postnuptial agreement! They aren\u2019t as silly as they might seem, writes
Child Custody - In Whose Best Interests?. IN divorced families, whose needs count for more
Arnold Schwarzenegger. \We get along really well. We have a great time raising the kids together,\ the former California governor told Christina
Is Cheating a Rational Choice?. Cheating serves as a way to meet sexual desires, with as little disruption to their emotional lives as possible.
Desmond Hatchett. Click through the slideshow to see famous fathers who have custody of their kids
Having a Sane Vacation When There is Trouble in Paradise. When a marriage is on the verge of divorce, there is an early stage in the process where change is imminent, but normalcy needs to be maintained for the children.
The Five Regrets of The Divorced. Divorce is a monumental life experience much like a marriage, birth or death. Not talking about it seems unhealthy.
Divorce And Kids. 2. When the tension dissolves out of the house, kids will be more relaxed. Children are like barometers. You can measure
Navigating Relationships With Grandparents In A Divorce. Last Friday\u2019s quandary was simple and direct
Divorce Sale. According to local radio station Mix 108, police arrived at the house around 4 p.m. and spoke with a woman inside. An hour
5 Steps to Getting Over Divorce. Is it possible to get over a bad divorce?
7 Fibs You'll Probably Tell Your Kids After The Divorce. As a divorced single parent of three, I had an idea that if l were honest with my kids, it would help them. But when I spoke the truth as I saw it, their confused expressions convinced me that sometimes it's just better to fib.
Katy Perry Divorce. The 36-year-old comedian appeared on \Ellen\ Thursday and revealed his feelings about the popstar. Later that month, the
Facebook Divorce. We've heard of Facebook causing marital strife before, but usually when a spouse has used the social networking site to reconnect
6 Ways To Protect Your Money In A Divorce. Q. My husband and I are getting divorced after 30 years of marriage. How can I protect myself financially? Read more on www.aarp.org
Obama Divorce. The couple have been married for nearly 20 years and have two daughters, Malia, 13, and Sasha, 10. In \The Amateur
Obama Divorce. They\u2019re the picture of marital bliss today but the Obamas were once headed for divorce \u2014 and friends of the future president
Your Five Best Moves Before You Decide to Divorce. If you're considering divorce, you've got a lot on your mind. Whether you're certain you want to split or still considering whether your marriage can be saved, there are five crucial things you should do before taking more definite action.
Splat. Is he trying to wear me down? Run up my legal fees so high that I have no choice except to capitulate? Or does he love the power he's holding over me?
Deion Sanders, Pilar Sanders Divorce. Sanders filed for divorce from Pilar in December, but the pair reportedly still shared their Dallas home until Pilar's arrest
Splitsville. Welcome to Splitsville. This weekly column will focus on parenting after a divorce, break-up or one-night stand that didn\u2019t
Usher, Tameka Foster Custody Battle Heats Up. The property tiff is only the latest chapter in the singer's custody battle with Foster (she has reportedly requested full
Ex Descriptions. On Tuesday, Twitter users poked fun at their former flames by using the trending hashtag #DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles
How To Rebuild Your Self Esteem After Divorce. Divorce can be devastating on many levels. In addition to the financial toll and stress on both partners, it can easily wreak havoc on one's self-esteem
Wedding Belle Blues Due To Bitter Divorced Parents. Question
Katy Perry, Russell Brand Divorce. The social media-savvy pair were the talk of the Twitterverse when fans -- and detractors -- got word of their split in December
How To Divorce. State statutes and case law define this standard differently, but in general there are certain factors and themes that appear
Top 3 Mistakes Men Make After Divorce. Here are the top three most common mistakes that many men make after their marriages have ended.
This Mother's Day, More Moms Paying Child Support. In addition to receiving flowers and cards this Mother's Day, an increasing number of moms will also be setting aside time to send out child support and alimony checks.
Dating A Divorc\u00e9. Men who've avoided settling down may be less desirable to women than those who have already taken the marital plunge -- then divorced.
Mothers Who Were Children of Divorce. Contemporary divorced mothers -- whether single, remarried or blending families -- worry and wonder about how our decisions will impact the children. Can we mitigate the emotional damage? What kind of parents will they grow up to be?
What I Hope To Learn From Gay Marriage... About Divorce. If I have one concern about gay marriage, it is a concern about marriage itself... It is the possibility that more marriages will be entered into naively, and that means the potential for more divorce.
Eva Longoria Divorce. The \Desperate Housewives\ star's divorce from the 29-year-old basketball player was finalized in January 2011. In April
Mother's Day vs. Stepmother's Day. Both divorced moms and stepmoms deserve to be fully honored for our contributions and all that we bring to our families.
Why You Blame Yourself For Bad Relationships -- And How To Stop. Many years ago, Tina, 28, a bright, hard-working software engineer, came to me for help with persistent feelings of self
What Your Mother Forgot to Tell You. Sometimes, in the sleep-deprived haze of motherhood, one forgets the obvious. I am constantly forgetting car keys, closing the clasp on my belt buckle, that the tag goes on the inside not the outside, my patience.
Chris Harrison Divorce. In February 2010, Harrison denied accusations from contestant Rozlyn Papa that he had hit on a \Bachelors\ producer's wife
Child Custody. NFL Hall of Famer Deion Sanders was recently awarded temporary custody of his three children, bringing to a close the latest
Don't Let Your \Divorce Guilt\ be Your Undoing. Those of us who have been through divorce often struggle with low-self esteem, keeping ourselves stuck in a guilty, unworthy place.
Alimony. By Patricia Reaney \It shows that women have really moved up financially and that in many instances they are the major bread
Celebrity Divorce Settlements. What celebrity forked over the most money in their divorce settlement? The video above spotlights some of the priciest divorce
Johnny Depp, Vanessa Paradis Breakup. Though Paradis wasn't at the premiere -- and hasn't been seen with Depp since the rumors started, according to People -- the
Does Wife Owe Ex-Hubby's Credit Card Debt?. Dear Credit Card Adviser, I got divorced recently. My husband left me with two kids and a lot of credit card debt. About
Cate Edwards, John Edwards' Daughter, Faces Uncertain Relationship With Father. Edwards' mistress, Rielle Hunter, opened up about their relationship to GQ in 2010. Check out the excerpts below. Having
9 Things Kids Of Divorced Parents Don't Want To Admit. Your children may be suffering in silence. When things don't work out between you and the person you married, you suffer
The Five Key Points Divorcing Women Need To Know About Financial Affidavits. At first, the idea sounds simple enough. In all contested (and some uncontested) divorces, the Courts require each spouse
Cheating Texts. Are flirty text messages a sign your spouse is cheating? In the video above from Wednesday's episode of \Dr. Drew's Life
Pet Custody. Forget fighting like cats and dogs. These days, divorcing spouses are fighting over their cats and dogs. Pets are considered
Divorce Diaries. As soon as I told people about my divorce, they asked me how I feel about being a single mom. All I could think about was how I am not a single mom. So please don't call me that.
Kim Kardashian Divorce. According to Radar Online, the 27-year-old basketball player wants Kim Kardashian to return the engagement ring he gave her
Linda Evangelista Child Custody Settlement. By ASSOCIATED PRESS NEW YORK -- Supermodel Linda Evangelista and billionaire French businessman Francois-Henri Pinault have
Mother's Day 2012. When it comes to dealing with a breakup, does mother know best? With Mother's Day fast approaching, we asked our Facebook
Cheating Signs. In a video posted on the \Anderson\ show's website Tuesday, licensed private investigator Amy Drescher says unfaithful spouses
Katy Perry, Russell Brand Divorce. In this week's issue, the Italian tabloid alleges that Brand sent his ex-wife an emotional email in the hopes of reconciling
Picking A Divorce Lawyer. In the 1989 black comedy \The War of the Roses,\ actors Michael Douglas and Kathleen Turner played out their scorched-earth
Family, Party of 2. An incomplete family was a rarity in the Magic Kingdom. People all around us, including families we talked to in line would ask, \Is it just the two of you?\
Divorce Over 50. For women, divorce over 50 can present unique challenges
Divorce Questions. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- All articles/blog posts are
The Art Of Not Arguing. Once you enter the divorce process, the relationship between the couple changes immediately.
The 'Do I Really Need A Man?' Checklist. It's been six months since my third husband moved out. After noting all of the feelings and the extra workload, I've decided to make a checklist of things I need from a man and things I don't.
Lady GaGa. Lady GaGa has revealed that when she finds her Mr Right, she will stick with him through thick and thin. Read more on www.mtv.co.uk
Will Smith, Jada Pinkett Smith Divorce. The 43-year-old actor recently told \Access Hollywood's\ Shaun Robinson that the constant divorce rumors, which surfaced
Mother's Day 2012. If stepkids don\u2019t honor their stepmoms on their own, or their parents don\u2019t help or encourage them do so, then it\u2019s up to
Will Smith Divorce. Katy and Russell, Kim and Kris, Heidi and Seal. We don't want to sound like alarmists, but given the rate at which celebrity
How To Divorce. \u2022 One or both of you truly doesn\u2019t care what happens to the other person -- or one or both of you is completely unable to
Listen to Our Children in Need. Divorced or never-married co-parents of a special needs child may face additional and substantial challenges, especially when their child requires lifelong care and support.
Surviving Under the Same Roof. One of the most excruciating casualties of our current financial and real estate downturn has been the emotional toll on families when their hands are tied, and they're not able to sell their home in a timely manner.
Divorce Stories. We know that some divorces can particularly brutal, so on Thursday we asked our followers on Facebook and Twitter to share
Debra Messing Divorce. Debra Messing is opening up about the end of her decade-long marriage to Daniel Zelman. \It's a new chapter in my personal
Dennis Quaid Divorce. Dennis Quaid and third wife Kimberly Buffington-Quaid are reportedly calling off their divorce. Two months after filing to
Chris Harrison Divorce. Harrison served as the resident the voice of reason because -- even if the contestants on a particular season never made it down the aisle -- at least he had.
I Want My Daddy (UPDATE). My three year old's daddy phase is driving me crazy. My married friends tell me their kids went through the same thing, but when my son asks for his daddy it, it feels so loaded.
Congratulations! Your Failed Marriage Is Your Ticket To A New Soul Mate. There will be a time when a new soul mate is going to walk into your life. You thought there was only one, right? Wrong
What Is A \Surgical Divorce\ And How To Get One. What I call a \surgical divorce\ is the kind of divorce where the spouses do not want to deal with each other. They just want to settle the terms of their divorce in the most efficient way possible and be done with it.
Divorce Questions. Adultery is also unlikely to affect a custody determination so long as the wayward spouse has not carried on the relationship
Should We Call It Quits? A New Kind Of Couples Counseling. Many unhappily married couples turn to marriage counselors to help them improve their relationship. Now a new type of couples
Divorce Gift Card. The cards, which customers can purchase for themselves or for a friend, are available online or in the supermarket for 200
Weddings That Set the Stage for Divorce. The basic skills of conflict resolution are put to a test when planning a wedding.
Divorce Envy. In our very modern society, a wife is held in high esteem, a divorcee gets credit for trying and people just feel sorry for the always-single woman who's never gotten a man to say \I do.\
Parenting After Divorce. Parenting changes after divorce. Often it's harder
Celebrity Divorce. Think your ex is difficult? After reading about the cheating, bad-mouthing ways of the famous exes below, you may want to
Marriage Affair. Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Divorce on Facebook and Twitter . \After our first couple of affairs, we used to fight
My Mother's Day Gift To Me. (CNN) -- I am exhausted from the middle of the night \Will she or won't she throw up?\ session. She did not, but still, it's
Divorce Questions. As a risk management tool, there are two types of insurance that should be considered
Martin Lawrence Divorce. Last Tuesday, the couple, who were together for 15 years before tying the knot in July 2010, issued a joint statement about
Why People Cheat. In honor of National Honesty Day Monday, we asked readers to divulge whether or not they've cheated on their spouses, and
Made Divorce Mistakes? It's Never Too Late to Get It Right -- On Behalf of Your Children!. Whether you got divorced several weeks ago or it's been several years since your split, most of us can acknowledge that we've made some mistakes.
Finding the Humor in Divorce. Two weeks after I moved out of my second husband's house, I learned that I had cancer. So now, when people tell me they're thinking of divorce, I tell them to get a full-body scan first.
It Happened To Me. The year was 2002. A Nickleback single was topping the charts that summer, so you already know it was a terrible time. Read
Are Divorce Expos Encouraging People to 'Stay Out of Court' ?. As part of my (self appointed) role as a stay-out-of-court divorce planner, I've recently returned from New York City's first ever Divorce Expo, where I was making contact with like-minded professionals in one of the most adversarial cities in the USA.
How To Divorce. When considering which to choose remember there are hybrids of both joint and sole custody. The controlling factors depend
Divorce Diaries. We both deserve to be happy. We both deserve another chance. Our kids deserve to grow up in homes without tension, without arguments, without parents who are angry that they are still together.
Hiding Money From Your Spouse Has Gotten A Lot Harder. It's getting a lot tougher to keep a secret stash. It's a sad but true fact of marriage
Mena Suvari Divorce. Suvari's first marriage to Robert Brinkmann, a cinematographer 17 years her senior, ended in 2005 after five years of marriage
Spy Gadgets Infiltrate Divorces As Domestic Snooping Booms. It had been a rough couple years since his divorce, but Brian R. Martin of Pasadena never expected that things had gotten
How To Divorce. If you are contemplating a divorce or your spouse is on the verge of serving you with divorce papers, you should immediately contact a divorce lawyer. At the initial consultation, there are several important questions that you should ask.
Divorce Talk. Here at HuffPost Divorce, we know that awkward conversations can arise after a split, and we're not just talking about the
Rewrapping Divorce As A Gift. I was with my husband for 16 years. Sixteen good years. Little did I know a tsunami was forming beneath the placid surface of our marriage.
Divorce Questions. There are many common mistakes parents make at this time. Here are five of the most important pitfalls you should avoid
10 Years Of Hatred -- Get Over It!. I can't seem to be able to move forward and stop blaming myself for marrying this man knowing he had serious issues and thereby not protecting my children.
Divorce And Kids. Nothing drive me as crazy as those women who act like some horrible tragedy has befallen my children and me when they hear I am divorced ... yes, twice
How To Divorce. We as adults have no easier a time with the \breakup\ than teenagers do.
Step Up. You ask your child to pick up his room, and you get a huge sigh and a roll of the eyes. What do you do next? Ask again? Give
Social Media, Facebook, Tumblr And More Are Ending Marriages; It's The New Face Of Divorce. NEW YORK (CBS 2) \u2014 As millions of people get involved with social media, we\u2019re now starting to hear about some of the issues
How To Divorce. \u00b7 Consider using mediation, which can be 75 percent less expensive than hiring separate lawyers and preparing for court. Collaborative
Divorce Laws. Let's be honest
Leaving A Spouse Behind. For Good.. WHEN the performance artist Marina Abramovic separated from her longtime partner, Ulay, in 1988, they decided to honor the
How Happy Are Adolescents Living In Different Family Types In Western Countries?. Far too much of the research discussed in the American press focuses exclusively on studies that are done with American children.
Mother's Day 2012. Pat, who works as a personal weight loss coach, notes that it may be harder for women to brush off being ignored on Mother's
'Pregnant Man' Thomas Beatie Divorce. In divorce docs obtained by TMZ Thursday, Beatie details several instances of abuse, including a February 2012 incident where
How To Divorce. As I said previously, the last thing anyone wants is to go to trial. Once you say things about your spouse in court, you
Divorce Questions. Wondering how divorce affects children? Here's what you need to know, from Judith Wallerstein, an internationally recognized
Enough.... What is it that keeps us working so hard for the friendships and intimate, love relationship that we so desperately desire?
6 Things To Do When You See Divorce In Your Future. If you see divorce coming, or even the possibility of it coming, there are six very important steps you can take to protect yourself and ensure your future.
Are Harry And Sally Still Happily Married?. Perhaps that pair that we yearn to emulate are not even together by the time their movie is available on Netflix.
Divorced Brides. When artist Mercedes Gertz got divorced 11 years ago, she quietly put her wedding pictures away in a drawer and slumped into
What I Wish People Learned About Marriage and Divorce in High School. When I thought of marriage as a teen, it involved romance. It did not involve thinking about a financial partnership or the implications of  what amounts to a small business relationship.
Why Do Men Cheat? (VIDEO). What leads some men to cheat? \We think it has to do with sex -- that men trade up for a younger, or thinner, or hotter, or
Kathy Griffin Divorce. \I have one tattoo on my whole body like an ***hole and it's a f***ing wedding ring and I'm divorced,\ the 51-year-old comedian
Speed Divorcing. The term \speed divorcing\ immediately conjures up images of speed dating only with introductions like
Deion Sanders, Courtney Love, More Celeb Family Twitter Feuds (PHOTOS). Pro football Hall of Famer Deion Sanders live-tweeted his family drama this week, detailing an alleged assault by his estranged
Will Divorce Ceremonies Make Parents' Split Easier On Kids?. Will divorce ceremonies make parents' split easier on kids? Read more on moms.today.msnbc.msn.com
Martin Lawrence And Wife Getting Divorced. Martin Lawrence's latest news is no laughing matter. Read more on www.eonline.com
Don't Let Social Media Sabotage Your Divorce. The divorce process is often a highly emotional time and social media outlets readily provide evidence that can harm one or both parties, both during and after a divorce settlement.
What I Wish People Learned About Marriage and Divorce in High School. When I thought of marriage as a teen, it involved romance. It did not involve thinking about a financial partnership or the implications of  what amounts to a small business relationship.
Divorce Stories. On Monday, HuffPost blogger Nancy Wurtzel recounted the time she snuck into her ex's house to take a much-needed bath. We
The Four Divorce Alternatives. No two marriages are the same, and so it only follows that no two divorces will be the same, either. Read more on www.forbes.com
Was Einstein The World's Worst Husband? Wife Ordered To Keep Room Tidy, Serve Three Meals A Day - But Expect NO Affection... And She Must Stop Talking When He Demands It. He remains one of the world's most important scientists. But despite his innumerable professional successes, Einstein found
Liza Minnelli. Watch the video above to hear more on Minnelli's past marriages, and click through the slideshow below for photos of Minnelli
10 Signs You May Be In An Emotionally Abusive Relationship. No matter how attractive, old or smart a person is, he or she can be a victim of emotional abuse. Here are some signs of
'Divorce Is'. How do you define divorce? Last week, we asked our followers on Twitter and Facebook to finish this sentence
Scrub a Dub Dub, There's an Ex in My Tub. Divorce brings up all sorts of emotions, and sometimes people find themselves acting a little crazy.
Top 5 Ways to Ensure Financial Security During your Divorce. The divorce process can be a harrowing financial ordeal. Following these 5 easy steps will assist you in making the path a far easier one to walk.
Why Men Should Take A Lesson From Women On Cheating. Please don't keep thinking that women cheat just for romance and love, or because we're not getting fulfilled at home; we also cheat for the thrill of it, the passion and the novelty, and because we can -- just like men.
Should I Stay Or Go?. I'm not sure if I should continue to try and make my marriage work when the option of divorce is still looming in the background.  Am I getting my hopes up or should I continue to try until the ink on the paper is dry?
Chinese Woman Wants Out of Marriage and Motherhood. I can think of dozens of instances, especially during the recent economic downturn, when single parents have struggled tremendously to provide for their children.
How I Did, and Didn't, Deal with My Ex-Wife's Affair. The discovery of my ex-wife's affair wouldn't have made for juicy television. I never walked in to find the lovers in our bed and I didn't stumble upon some tawdry Facebook exchange.
Dennis Rodman -- FINALLY DIVORCED. Dennis Rodman is officially a single man -- finally agreeing to sign his wife's divorce papers after battling her for 8 years
After Marriage Ends, Exes Become 'Best Friends'. After the marriage between James Hanson-Brown and Lisa Combest ended, something unusual happened
Life At The Top. HOW many wives should a male chief executive have? (From a shareholder\u2019s perspective, not the boss\u2019s first wife\u2019s.) Two is
When Is The Right Time To Date After Divorce. You just signed the papers, and now you're officially divorced. You want to completely forget about that failed relationship, so what better way than to get into a new one. Right? Wrong.
Why I Wish My Husband Was My Ex-Husband. On more than occasion I have gazed into my second husband's eyes, sighed wistfully, and murmured
Don't Fight Over Your Old CDs... When Love Ends, Walk Away With Nothing But Your Dignity. When I got divorced at the age of 40, my ex walked out of my life with just his clothes and his sky-blue VW Scirocco
The Sound Of Sin. When I first brought home our sleek, silver, double-deck, Panasonic stereo cassette player during the summer of 1993, my
Why I Wish My Husband Was My Ex-Husband. On more than occasion I have gazed into my second husband's eyes, sighed wistfully, and murmured
Betty White Divorce. Betty White stopped by \Piers Morgan Tonight\ on Wednesday and joked about striking out with marriage twice before finally
Celebrity Boyfriends. Does Heidi Klum have a new hunk in her life? Just days after soon-to-be ex husband Seal was photographed giving Aussie singer
Post-Divorce Parenting. I know it's challenging sometimes not to criticize your ex, especially when you feel totally justified in doing so. Find a friend or therapist to vent to. Don't do it around your children.
How I Escaped My Emotionally Abusive Spouse. If you're judging everything you think, say and do according to how your spouse will react, you may have a problem.
Marriage Lies. It's no secret that married people lie to their spouses. But after divorce, the truth can come out. With that in mind, we
Surviving Separation. Separation meant that many of my life plans became redundant. I felt I had to start from scratch in many ways
Songs About Heartache. Listen to \Changed Your Mind,\ a pleasantly twangy piece by singer-songwriter Sarah Morris, and it's obvious that this young woman knows a thing or two about heartache and, specifically, divorce.
Friendship Advice. My sister is two years older than me. We've had a pretty good relationship throughout the years although our teen years have really taken a toll.
Don't Ask Me for Forgiveness! Is Forgiveness Possible Post-Divorce?. Why are we preaching only to the hurt party? Why not turn to offenders and ask them to earn forgiveness?
Life After Divorce. I decided it was time for me to make a change.  Although I revisit my angry thoughts regarding my ex-husband, I don't dwell on them too long and I've instituted a personal pledge.
Heidi Klum, Seal Divorce. For the most part, Heidi Klum has remained tight-lipped about her split from Seal, which the couple announced last January
Divorce Questions. Before you sign that divorce decree, make sure your attorney has ensured your child will receive the college education you, and they, have in mind.
Celebrity Dating Trivia. Kim Kardashian may have caused a media frenzy when rumors of her relationship with Kanye West surfaced earlier this month
Step-Grandparent Pitfalls. Experts predict that at least one-third of grandparents will eventually have a step-grandchild. Grandparents can play a significant loving and protective role in a child's emotional well-being, especially if that child has been neglected or abandoned in the past
\Is He My Ex-Father?\. Our language about separation and divorce isn't helpful to kids. The word \ex\ and another common term, \broken family,\ implies a final break.
Dooce Divorce. Armstrong, who ranked among Forbes' 30 \Most Influential Women In Media\ in 2009, called the separation \the hardest thing
What Kinds Of Happy Couples Eventually Get Divorced?. Given the fact that a good number of marriages still end in divorce, understanding what factors are linked to divorce might
Virtual Visitation. SAN DIEGO \u2013 April 15, 2012 \u2013\u00a0 After a divorce, it isn\u2019t uncommon for a job opportunity, family ties or a new relationship
Money Management Tips For Step Parents. As American families become more blended due to the country\u2019s 50% divorce rate, the lines can become fuzzy when it comes
How To Have An Amicable Divorce. Divorce is usually hell but it is possible to negotiate the treacherous waters of marital breakdown relatively well. Read
He Lied To Me When We First Met and I Married Him Anyway. By the time an engagement is announced, most women feel that they are at a point of no return and continue with their wedding plans even if they have doubts about their soon-to-be husband.
Neverly Ever After (or How to Work During Divorce). I never thought I would be a living, barely breathing oxymoron
Keep Talking to Your Kids after Divorce. Put yourself in your child's place and you will likely make wiser decisions when it comes to talking about sensitive areas in their life.
Divorce Concierge. On Thursday, My Fox Atlanta highlighted the Divorce Concierge Service, which, according to the company's co-founders, Sarah
\u2018You Better Sit Down,' By The Civilians, At Flea Theater. The Civilians, the enterprising troupe specializing in documentary theater drawn from interviews, takes its tape recorders
When the Vows Break. Tax Day is upon us. For divorce lawyers like me, it's the time of year when folks going through a divorce often struggle with the same question
Drug Testing For Child Support. On Thursday, Iowa State Sen. Mark Chelgren proposed a measure that would require a parent who receives child support payments
A Funny Thing Happened On The Way To The Courthouse. In my many years of practicing family law, I have always advocated to my clients that court should be the last resort.
Let Me Be Clear.... No one walks down the aisle at their wedding hoping that they will one day be divorced. In other words, no one \wants\ divorce.
Divorced Boomer Clean Freak. \Once you're divorced, over sixty, you're done,\ my divorced sixty-one year old friend Melissa says.
Harboring Resentment Is Bad For the Kids, Duh. Divorce is like a death, but you don't bury anyone. You both die and continue to walk around bumping into each other.
How To Make Sure Your Divorce Lawyer Does Not Screw Up Your Retirement Benefits. One of the things that can be most vital in a divorce case is one that most people don't even consider when hiring a lawyer -- dividing up retirement assets.
A Kiss is Just a Kiss. The kiss that never should have been -- but had to be -- took two people, made three out of them, gave them a life together and then broke them apart. We divorced.
Jennifer Lopez Divorce. \We have decided to end our marriage. This was a very difficult decision. We have come to an amicable conclusion on all matters
Charlie Sheen's 'Anger Management'. In the series, debuting June 28, Sheen portrays a professional baseball player-turned unlikely anger management therapist
Cristina Odone. My brother and I are looking forward to Easter with the same enthusiasm as when we were youngsters
Married To The Business. Last week's report that Apartment Therapy co-founders Maxwell and Sara Kate Gillingham-Ryan are putting their marriage on
Inked. Just because we are no longer a couple doesn't mean that my ex doesn't still mean the world to me.
8 Secrets to a Good Divorce. If you want a \good divorce\ -- one that is amicable, based on mutual cooperation and fairness -- don't leave it to chance. Here's eight tips for obtaining a good divorce.
Divorce Songs. What's the soundtrack of your split? We asked our followers on Twitter and Facebook to tell us about the songs they listened
Life Expectancy-Divorce Linked In New Study. According to a study released Monday by Queen's University in Ontario, Canada, people with lower life expectancies may be
Why Celebrity Marriages Fail (Or Be Careful What You Wish For). Celebrity marriage is almost oxymoronic if not just moronic and we don't need a study to tell us that. What we do need is to learn from the flawed foundations of famous marital flameouts so we, and who knows maybe some celebrities, can avoid becoming sudden bachelors (again).
Divorce Advice For Those About To Marry. Would men and women walk down the aisle with eyes wide open if they knew ahead of time what would legally happen if the marriage failed?
Baseball Player Divorces. They may hold record-breaking batting averages and multiple MVP nods, but when it comes to marriage, these past and present
Heidi Klum Divorce. Seal and Klum married in 2005 and have four children together, including the supermodel's daughter from a previous relationship
Dear Prudie. In a live chat, Dear Prudence advises a man who cheated and is so afraid his wife will leave that he stalks her every move
Removing the Stigma of Divorce. Are we supposed to feel like failed people because our partners made it impossible for us to stay in our marriages?  Are we emotionally weak or deficient?  Are we morally bankrupt?
Would You Get Rid of Your Dog if He Wasn't Doing What You Wanted?. I am shocked by how many people seem to throw in the towel before sufficiently exhausting all options; namely, valuing the relationship enough and the time already invested in it to see if it can be repaired.
The Flower Girl \u00ab A Practical Wedding. When A. sent me this post, she told me that as a younger woman becoming a stepmother by\u00a0marriage, she felt a bit alone. She
Press 'Enter' To Start Dating. \Do I dare look for a boyfriend online? What site should I use? How do I protect my privacy? Can this really be happening?\ Fran asked herself these and many other questions before she ventured into the weird and sometimes wacky world of online dating.
Weighed Down. I have a friend whose husband said he would divorce her if her weight ever reached Pretty Big Number (PBN). The woman in question is five feet tall, currently weighs 110, and is in relative control of her health.
What Can Facebook Teach A Stepfamily?. Did you know that there is no delineation for a stepparent on Facebook?
Dmitry Rybolovlev's Divorce, Oligarch-Style. THE collateral damage from divorce usually affects the children first. For the Russian billionaire Dmitry Rybolovlev, the
Want To Protect Your Business In A Divorce? Be Batman. Divorce can be hell. It can be hell on your family and friends. Hell on you mental health. But most of all, divorce can ruin
Five Reasons Why Relationships Fail. Online dating is one of the fastest growing industries, and many websites now include some sort of profiling tool for predicting
When the Ex is Seriously Ill. What is one's moral obligation when the ex is seriously ill? For a variety of reasons, former spouses will react with sadness, remorse, guilt, bitterness, and, dare I say, relief that the end is in sight.
Divorce Books. Which book helped you get through your divorce? Earlier this week, we asked HuffPost Divorce readers on Facebook and Twitter
Family Conflict and Children. Family conflict is a huge factor negatively affecting the growth of children under the age of 5. For children that young, family turbulence can interrupt or delay important developmental stages.
What Was He Thinking?. An attorney has a duty to advocate for his/her client, but this situation is clearly beyond the bounds of advocacy.
Every Summer and Every Other Christmas. I've flown across the Atlantic so many times that I've lost count, so often that the journey is second nature, like my early-morning stumble from bedroom to shower. But I remember the first time
3 Tips On How To Increase Your Odds Of Staying Married The Second Time. I believe it is possible to lower the higher divorce rate for second marriages.
Emmy Rossum Divorce. Emmy Rossum is opening up about her 2010 divorce from music executive Justin Siegel after a year-and-a-half of marriage. In
Stepkids And Divorce. RELATED LINKS
Don't Put Your Nanny In The Middle. If a divorce is looming between the spouses, they can look to the nanny for advice and support since she has probably witnessed a lot of the troubles firsthand. However, if a nanny begins to feel like the \nanny in the middle,\ she may choose to move on.
The Do-It-Yourself Divorce. Nearly anyone facing a Divorce considers the financial implications of such a move. For example, \u201chow much will the Divorce
Celebrity Homes. On Tuesday, TMZ reported that Russell Brand had signed off on a property settlement agreement that grants ex-wife Katy Perry
The 'Good' Divorce. Divorce is horrible. It is the hardest, most painful thing I've ever done. And I had a \good\ divorce.
Divorce Expos Reflect Modern Rite of Passage. I remember my peculiar reaction the first time I heard someone was divorced. It's a moment burned into my now middle-aged mind.
Benefits of Post-Divorce Sex. If you got out of your marriage, there were likely reasons. For many people, one of those reasons was a dwindling, nonexistent, or problematic sex life. Put that behind you and consider these six benefits of post-divorce sex.
Your First Meeting With A Divorce Lawyer. Divorce is a major decision, and I want you to be sure before you take the next step. You might not be happy about ending your marriage, but you at least need to be confident that is the right direction for you.
Ways To Sabotage Child Custody. Guys cannot afford to fall any further behind when it comes to presenting their case for custody. Since the evaluation process by the judge will encompass all of your behavior, you will want to heed the following list of five common mistakes made by men during child custody battles.
The Moment I Knew My Marriage Was Over. When we launched Huffington Post Divorce in November of 2010, we asked readers to let us know via Twitter
Start Over Smart Divorce Expo. On Saturday night, HuffPost Divorce hit the opening night party for Start Over Smart
Second And Third Marriages Are Failing At An Alarming Rate. Past statistics have shown that in the U.S., 50 percent of first marriages, 67 percent of second, and 73 percent of third marriages end in divorce. What are the reasons for this progressive increase in divorce rates?
How Is Christie Brinkley's Divorce Affecting Her Kids?. The recent public display of acrimony between Christie Brinkley and ex husband Peter Cook reminds us of what goes wrong with divorce. How does it affect their two teenage children?
4 Ways To Navigate Divorce With GPS. When you decide to take action and get your divorce started, your first call should be to a divorce mediator -- not an attorney. Attorneys are trained to litigate, not mediate.
The Do's And Don'ts Of Co-Parenting Well. Living with a chronic condition, like depression, requires you to focus on creating balance and well-being on a daily basis
Divorce. Divorce can wreak havoc on a child\u2019s world and affect her life at school. How much information should a parent give a child\u2019s
Divorce Expo. \u201cI want to make sure I know anything and everything... [So] I won\u2019t have to look back and say I should\u2019ve, I could\u2019ve,\ she
How To Live Alone Without Being Lonely. They are known as singles, singletons, the never-married, the divorced, and the widowed. What they share is that they are
3 Ways To Get Your Mojo Back After Divorce. Nothing takes the wind out of someone's sails like getting a divorce. Even if your disposition prior to your split was happy-go-lucky -- even optimistic -- and you \wanted\ the divorce, you may be surprised at how low and depressed you've been feeling.
Cyberspace Grandparenting Eases Divorce. It's important to reach out to your grandchildren who will need lots of support at each stage of the martial split. How comforting to know that in the age of technology you are only keystrokes away.
Post-Divorce Recovery Work. As you settle into your apartment or reorganize your home, you can't help but think, \Now what?\
Divorced Couples That Couldn't Stand Each Other When They Were Married But Now Share Holidays. They couldn't stand each other when they were married, but now these couples share holidays, dates and heart-to-hearts Read
Irish Divorce, Remarriage Rates Rise Significantly. The number of divorced people in Ireland has increased by over 150 per cent in just 10 years reflecting both a higher incidence
Emotional Or Physical Abuse = Divorce. I consider myself a very smart woman in life, just apparently dumb in love. I have a great job, a degree from a good school and two wonderful children. Yet I can't seem to get my marriage right.
How To Recover From A Divorce. So you just went through a divorce.  You look around the house and everything is different.  Your partner's stuff is gone.  You feel relieved, and yet, at times, still sad.
No Sex? Try Stamp Collecting! Perhaps Sky Diving?. Will stamp collecting provide all the excitement and fulfillment these women are seeking? I would be shocked if the answer was yes.
Fran Drescher Opens Up About What She's Looking For In A Man (VIDEO). For more on Drescher's dating life, watch the video above. Earlier this month, Drescher told CNN that she was \back on the
Kate Schermerhorn. HuffPost blogger Kate Schermerhorn recently revealed the moment she knew her marriage was over -- and it's not what you'd
I Sold My Wedding Ring To Move Forward After Divorce -- Maybe You Should Too. Why did I sell my ring after the divorce three years ago? I wasn't just interested in the money. I wanted to heal some wounds from a painfully disappointing divorce.
The Perfect Divorce Toolkit. What if there was a \Divorce Toolkit\ to use to hammer away at the process, tighten things up and build a happier life after divorce life?
Marital Status Is Irrelevant. Since my divorce, the question on so many surveys and registration forms -- most often from medical providers -- about marital status has puzzled me. I could check that I'm divorced, but I'm more likely to check that I'm single, which is how I see myself.
How To Prevent Litigation In Divorce Disputes. Almost everyone involved in divorce becomes frustrated by the legal process. Both mothers and fathers feel like the system works against them.
Divorce Expo. Huffington Post's infidelity panel is just one of many that will enliven the two-day conference, the first of its kind in
Divorce Date Conversations:\u00a0What to Say, What to Avoid. If you're divorced, dating and guilty of any of the following behaviors, I invite you to stop immediately.
8 Reasons NOT To Contact His Mistress. When you're cheated on, the devastation of betrayal can make you react in ways uncharacteristic of yourself. Obsessive behaviors take over and you can end up behaving in a way you never believed possible.
Divorce. I realize most divorced guys who hadn't been with anyone in six years would react differently. They'd sleep with anyone with a pulse, and even that's negotiable. Yet I was secretly happy nothing happened. But why?
How To Teach People Not To Marry The Wrong Person. Instead of trying to fix miserable marriages, why not try to teach people how not to be miserably married in the first place?
How To Tell Your Kids You're Divorcing. Research indicates that too few parents sit down and explain to their children that their marriage is ending
Limbo, A Musical Interlude. Songwriters
Co-Parenting Advice. It's not the first time we've heard about the effects of failing to emotionally divorce. In January, Deborah Moskovitch wrote
Tax Season Adds To Stress Of A Dissolving Marriage. Taxes may not be the most important issue for unhappily married couples in the midst of breaking up, but the stakes are high
5 Essentials Steps To Successful Coparenting. Successful co-parenting happens when you both realize that your divorce - or break-up - may have ended your relationship
NeNe Leakes Claims 'I'm Divorced' At Real Housewives Of Atlanta Reunion. Is NeNe Leakes\u00a0legally single? Although she and estranged hubby Gregg Leakes separated in early 2011, the split never seemed
5 Steps To Marrying A Man With A Kid. My husband and I are part of the fastest-growing demographic in the U.S. -- the blended family.I constantly get asked
What Are The Warning Signs?. I'm wondering how much you can tell from the first fight of the relationship. Depending on what the first fight is about, can you predict the outcome?
When Overachievers Divorce. During my divorce, my emotions were all over the board, but as a lifelong overachiever, shame took a particularly strong hold. Here was something that I couldn't fix, something that I had botched completely
'Divorce Month'. Does March deserve the dubious distinction of being called the \divorce month\? Last month, HuffPost blogger Richard Komaiko
For Indian Women, Divorce A Raw Deal. Much has been written about divorce being on the rise in India, sometimes accompanied by hand-wringing about the egos and
What Oprah and I Have In Common. As I sat and watched Oprah's experience, I realized that she and I had something in common --  we both had the privilege and benefit of participating in a Tony Robbins event.
What Your Ex Didn't Tell You About Money That You Need to Know. Perhaps your ex handled the finances and everything associated with them. Fast-forward to today
Divorce -- A Weighty Issue. Weight is often an issue in divorce. I have had clients who have come to me seeking a divorce from a spouse because the husband or wife was vastly overweight and any physical attraction was long gone. Is that a basis for divorce?
5 Reasons To Love Single Motherhood. Let\u2019s get this out there right now
LeAnn Rimes 'Spitfire' Album Previewed At Special Event. Once fans listen to LeAnn Rimes' upcoming disc 'Spitfire,' there won't be any doubt in their minds where the 29-year-old
Jennie Garth Steps Out Sans Wedding Ring. The show must go on for Jennie Garth. A week after announcing plans to divorce her husband of more than 10 years, Peter Facinelli
How To Navigate Your Life Without Him. Ending a relationship is heartbreaking. Whether it's a mutual decision or one-sided, navigating life without your partner
Katy Perry Divorce. Last week, the 27-year-old singer confirmed, via Twitter, a July 2012 release date for her 3-D concert film \Katy Perry
5 Things To Know About Your Jewelry When Getting A Divorce. The owner of a jewelry asset has the choice to do with it what he or she wishes. If one were to ask Shakespeare what to do, he might say, \To sell, or not to sell, that is the question.\
Post-Divorce Friendships. When my marriage ended and I found myself back in the singles scene, it was a very tough transition. I had to create new friendships with other people who were single, or even better, divorced.
The Most Expensive City For Divorce. We've all heard horror stories about how divorce destroys wealth. Needless to say, legal fees are a very large component of divorce expenses -- but just how large?
Rachael Harris Divorce. But in the recently released \Natural Selection,\ the former \Daily Show\ correspondent plays it serious as Linda, a Christian
Cohabitation Agreements. On Tuesday, CNN Money reported on the growing number of unmarried couples opting to sign cohabitation agreements, legally
7 Foolproof Secrets To Surviving A Painful Marriage Separation. Before many couples throw in the towel, they decide to try a marital separation, in the hopes that spending some time apart will bring them back together. Here are some tips for surviving marital separation.
Dating After Divorce. I had a conversation with a friend over lunch in which we discussed the issue of age, being a cougar, and why it's okay to be a cougar unless addressed as \cougar\ by someone in his twenties.
Ali Landry, Mario Lopez Divorce Influenced Marriage To Alejandro Monteverde. Landry told Wendy Williams that the infidelity -- which she learned about after tapping Lopez's phone line -- left her so
Orthodox Jews Look To Prenuptial Contracts To Address Divorce Refusals. CHICAGO \u2014 Before a packed house of 350 men and women at a Jewish educational center, Beverly Siegel, suggested three questions
Padma Lakshmi Custody Battle. Dell, a venture capitalist and brother of computer mogul Michael Dell, filed for full custody of the baby in January 2011
Remarriage After Divorce. Ever wonder why some people seem to rebound from relationships right away while others might take months to recover from
Jennie Garth, Peter Facinelli Split. It seems like it was just yesterday that Jennie Garth was playing Kelly Taylor, the popular high school girl forever falling
Kim Kardashian Divorce Is Like The 'Hunger Games', Says Jennifer Lawrence. Still, we can't help but think that Kim's split and \The Hunger Games\ are fights of vastly different proportions. What do
Is Divorce Immature and Selfish?. Is it usually better for kids to have unhappily married parents who stay together? Or are there some cases where divorce is actually better for kids than remaining married?
Your Divorce, Idiomatically Speaking. Lawyers often use idioms rather than legal terms to explain concepts and strategies in divorce law to our clients.
How To Dress For Court. Just before the first court appearance in every divorce case, I am asked the same question, \How do I dress?\
CIA Divorces. The Fredericksburg woman divorcing her husband laid out all the messy details, including the most secret of them all. Her
Raymond Van Arnam, Divorce Lawyer, Breaks Into Client's Ex-Husband's Home In New Mexico (VIDEO). \He thought there would be no video surveillance in here but he was wrong,\ the estranged husband, Anthony Stonecipher, said
Relationship Deal Breakers. On Wednesday, Tweeters used the hashtag #WeCantBeTogetherIf to dish on their ultimate relationship dealbreakers. For some
Susan Sarandon. Susan Sarandon revealed Wednesday that her 2009 split from Tim Robbins, her partner of 23 years, made her \feel like a failure
When 'It's Not You, It's Me' Is True. Sometimes we just marry someone who isn't the best match for us. But why?
The Next Relationship. Eight months after my separation, my first new romantic relationship began. A surprise attack. It happened as I was still trying, and failing, to reconcile with my former partner. I wasn't prepared.
Divorce American Style. When you're a divorced boomer, you go out a lot.
Sorting Through. It was a potentially volatile journey we'd undertaken, the uncoupling of both of our long-term, family-centered marriages overlapping with the excitement of creating something new together. Not one for the faint of heart and most certainly ill advised in the dating after divorce manuals.
5 Common Estate-Planning Mistakes When Getting Divorced. Let\u2019s not sugarcoat it
Public Shaming Isn't Going To Solve Co-Parenting Problems. Sometimes, relationships don\u2019t work out. There can be any number of reasons. You grew apart, you grew close to someone else
It's Complicated!. It seems I am not good enough. I am a fool and I feel terrible. All I have ever wanted was a best friend, a partner, someone I could trust and spend my life with. How do I get through this?
What the Longevity Project Tells Us About Divorce And Children. The Longevity Study reinforces the importance of putting the best interests of your children first when divorcing.
Day Dreaming. Part of growing up is imagining your future. Who would plan their life with a divorce slap-dab in the middle?
Was Your Marriage a Train Wreck? Date Differently to Get Better Results. Consider making one very powerful shift now that can help you stop being a divorced dating hater and increase the chances that you actually get results from your efforts -- without having to lose 10 pounds, shop, or rewrite your profile.
Brandi Glanville. \u201c\u2026mine has been a long time coming its about surviving divorce, no 1 wanted it until I got the show tho. Can\u2019t speak 4 others
Will Separate Vacations Lead To Divorce?. Sometimes, years pass before we have that lightbulb moment -- noting situations we neither predicted nor imagined -- something like separate vacations or separate activities which, taken to an extreme, may lead to separate lives.
Things You Should Never Say To Your Divorce Lawyer. I have specialized in family law for over 40 years. I have seen almost every possible scenario, and I would like to share some things clients have said to me that often are better left unsaid.
Girl Scouts' 100th Anniversary. Juliette Low then moved to reinitiate the divorce. But while preparations for divorce were underway, her husband died, leaving
Divorce Retirement. NEW YORK, March 12 (Reuters) - As part of the retirement planning process, financial advisers often help married couples
Is Divorce Immature And Selfish?. Last week, the best-selling author and popular blogger\u00a0Penelope Trunk\u00a0declared divorce \immature and selfish.\ She claimed
When Is The Right Time To Walk Out On Your Spouse?. There may not exactly be a \right\ time, but there is absolutely a wrong time to leave.
Media Messages Do Not Promote Being Single. Our society is filled with the messages that at a certain age, singles are peculiar and perplexing, marriage is the preferred state of being, and once you get married, everything will be perfect. The fallout from these perceptions hits single women particularly hard
What Smart Women Do After Divorce. \Why do some women do well after divorce, while others get stuck?\ a divorcing client asked me, confronting her worries head on.
What The Church Needs To Understand About Divorce. Just about everyone has experienced the particular brand of awkward silence that follows an exchange like this
Dennis Quaid Divorce. According to the divorce filing obtained by TMZ, Buffington-Quaid states that \the marriage has become insupportable because
8 Guidelines For A Friendly Divorce. I am an advocate of marriage. My work as a therapist, my publications and my collaborative dialogue skill-building website
Kim Kardashian Divorce. The reason? Humphries had originally wanted his Minnesota business attorney Lee Hutton to represent him, but in order to
Should Maria Take Arnold Back?. If you don't know that Arnold Schwarzenegger fathered a child with the live-in maid who had been cleaning the mansion he shared with Maria Shriver and their four young children, prompting Maria to hire a kick-ass divorce attorney, you have been living under a rock.
I Just Wish He Would Have An Affair!. \My husband is so nice. He's a good guy. I just wish he would have an affair!\ I have heard these comments, or comments very similar to this, numerous times lately. What's going on?
Just Passing Through. A 9-year-old boy with divorced parents -- let's call him Brian -- was asked by his mother to pick up his clothes. He responded, \Why should I? I'm just passing through.\
Want Custody Of Your Kids? Get Involved With Their School!. If you are going through divorce, there are many ways you can help your child custody case. Being involved with your children's education is one of the more heavily weighted factors.
Is The Sixth Time The Charm?. He's the father of six, my hero, and once described perfectly by my Grandma, \Your Dad is a great father and shitty husband.\
Precipice. I had a judgment of divorce, but, moreover, I had judgment on myself. There was a new unwanted adjective attached to me. I didn't want the word divorce to mean what I most feared -- failure.
'Forbes' Richest People. Forbes published their annual World's Billionaires list on Wednesday, which broke records for the largest number of billionaires
How To Divorce When Your Home Is Drowning In Debt. Divorce can be one of the most emotionally challenging ordeals a person can go through. And in these economic times, more
Elisabeth Moss. The former couple married in October 2009 and split in May 2010. Less than a week after their split, Armisen was reportedly
6 Ways To Prepare For A Financial Divorce. When\u00a0I found my marriage ending, I was not only faced with emotional problems but with financial ones as well. Read more
Wanted. Almost immediately after my ex-husband moved out, I felt vulnerable, as if my 3-year-old son, Erik, and I could fall victim to a saber-toothed tiger, a dust storm, or an unethical door-to-door salesman.
How To Parent A Teen Post-Split. Raising a teen post-separation can be challenging. The following tips will help make being a single parent to teens easier.
The New Alimony Laws In MA -- And Maybe In FL, NJ, CT, And OR?. The new Massachusetts law -- and those proposed in other states -- does not do away with alimony. To the contrary, it's awarded more like child support, with guidelines based on the length of the marriage and the income of the parties.
Christie Brinkley Divorce. \I'm not here to attack Christie Brinkley, but to defend myself, because to be called a dead beat dad -- to me -- is such
Drug Addiction, Friend Dating Ex-Husband, And Mixed Signals In This Week's Friend Or Foe Advice Column. Dear Friend or Foe, One of my dear friends\u2014\u201cKelly\u201d\u2014is slated to be a bridesmaid in my July wedding. She\u2019s been distant as
The Happiest 'Divorce Album' Ever Made. You may have heard the catchy earworm Change The Sheets on the radio recently. It\u2019s by Kathleen Edwards, the Canadian singer
Tax Tips For Women Going Through Divorce. The American poet Ogden\u00a0Nash once wrote, \u201cIndoors or out, no one relaxes in March, that month of wind and taxes.\u201d Read more
Why Women File For Divorce. I have been married twice and divorced twice and I filed for divorce both times. What is important to know is whether or not I wanted either marriage to work, my respective spouses did not.
How Can Our Legal System Do a Better Job in Handling Divorces?. Divorces are one of the most traumatic, gut-wrenching experiences that anyone can go through in a lifetime. I have thought about this a lot over the years and would like to make some suggestions on how we can do a better job as lawyers and judges, especially in high conflict cases.
What Happens To Shared Parenting Arrangements Among High-Conflict Couples Over Time?. Increasingly, parents and the public are in favor of shared parenting arrangements following divorce. Although shared parenting arrangements still represent a small amount of the total arrangements, they continue to increase.
Debrett's Divorce. For many people, the idea of divorcing with decorum is preposterous -- this is a time when emotions are running high, when divorcing couples are forced to confront toxic feelings of betrayal, resentment and disillusion.
Divorced With Children And Learning To Live On One Income. (MONEY Magazine) -- Last year was an eventful one for June Shin. She divorced her husband of 11 years, and in the settlement
Parenting Post-Divorce. My son is three years old and we have a great relationship. But his mother and I are divorced, and every time I go to pick him up he runs around and sort of avoids me. Shouldn't his mom be helping the situation instead of doing nothing and complaining?
Dating After Divorce. 8. Remember that dating is a numbers game. \Four out of five men you go out with will disappear,\ says Dr. Kirschner bluntly
Arnold Schwarzenegger Divorce. In an interview posted online Monday, Arnold Schwarzenegger dished to \Extra's\ Mario Lopez about co-parenting with estranged
Is Your Friend Dating Your Ex? 3 Ways To Handle Yourself With Grace And Style. The world is divided into two groups of people
When Your Divorce Is This Week's News. If you've been involved in a public, contentious divorce, it may feel like you're the subject of everyone's curiosity or scorn
Breakover. Whatever happened to kick off your extraordinary personal transformation, it was bad (sickeningly, horribly, and yes, ultimately
SEXpectations. Whether you believe it or not, the following words will all have a significant role in your new life
Is It Easier To Deal With Divorce When You Made The Choice To Leave?. While it sounds nonsensical to have made the decision to leave and then feel upset, I know now that many women find themselves in this situation. I assume that often it isn't discussed because of a fear of how others will react.
We Got Played. Divorce means you aren't married any more.  But it doesn't mean you aren't parents anymore.  You both still carry the charge to protect and raise up this life you created to the best of your ability.
The Three Key Players Every Woman Needs on Her Divorce Team. Deciding to proceed ahead with a divorce isn't easy, and whether you reached that conclusion by yourself, were blindsided by a pronouncement from your husband, or something in between, you're probably still a little numb and left wondering, \What do I do now?\
Divorce Meets Big Data. By catching the consumer at the intersection of a big life change, like having a child or getting divorced, there is an opportunity to change customer shopping habits and brand loyalty forever.
Why I Left You. On Friday, people used the Twitter hashtag #ILeftYouBecause to unceremoniously tell their exes -- and the entire Twitterverse
Return of the Undead First Loves. If I could, I would now time-travel back to my 2008 self, shake her by the shoulders until she chipped a tooth, and command her not to take one more phone call from the guy.
Downgrading Divorce From Crisis To Process In The Workplace. According to John Curtis of Integrated Organizational Development in Waynesville, N.C., the cost per worker going through a divorce is about $8,300. That estimate also includes days missed as the worker takes time off to deal with the legal, financial and psychological issues related to divorce.
How To Interview A Divorce Lawyer. Choosing the right lawyer to represent you in a divorce proceeding is a very important decision.\u00a0 By preparing yourself with a little knowledge and information in advance of a consultation, you can better equip yourself to make an informed and strategic decision.
Online Co-Parenting. View more videos at
'After Happily Ever After'. Filmmaker Kate Schermerhorn recently sat down with AOL to dish on what she learned about marriage while filming her documentary
Why I'm Glad My Ex Stopped Paying Child Support. Last May, the $3000 in child support I had received every month for the past eight years stopped. Instead of feeling angry, I felt relieved.
7 Divorce Survival Strategies For Women. I've seen some women who are emotionally and physically devastated by their divorce, while others emerge stronger and more empowered. The following are six key strategies for surviving divorce whether you're a woman in your 20s or your 70s.
Leap Year Divorce. According to Kononenko, legend has it that Cassian refused to help a peasant whose cart was stuck in the mud, and St. Nicholas
Should You Reconcile With Your Ex?. Question
The Secret Divorce Dreams Of Married Women. I know it's a clich\u00e9. But I fantasize about one day living in my dream house, complete with a white picket fence. And my husband, he will live half a mile away, in the house where we currently reside.
Barry Sanders Divorce. The football great certainly isn't the first professional athlete to divorce. Click through the slideshow below to read about
Co-parenting Advice. Co-parenting is the term used when biological parents (in most cases, anyway) do not live together as a couple, but still
New Year Divorce Spike. The New Year, it appears, is a good time to shed your old spouse. Divorce filings spike in January and February.
Lonely, He's Not. Topher Grace, who took many a bong hit as the sweetly geeky Eric Forman on the Fox series \u201cThat \u201870s Show,\u201d will continue
An Oscar-Themed Open Letter to Demi Moore. Demi... let's just look at that post-dumped reinvention of Ellen's, shall we? And take heed.
Kelsey Grammer, Camille Grammer Custody Settlement Reached. Kelsey and Camille Grammer's custody battle is officially over. Camille and Kelsey's divorce has been in the spotlight since
Young Divorc\u00e9es Battle The Pitter-Patter Of Insomnia. My biological clock is a relentless reminder that time is ticking and I have to conceive within the next few years if I ever want to make motherhood a reality.
South Korea's Divorce Numbers Fell To 14-year Low In 2011. The number of Korean couples getting divorced fell to a 14 year-low in 2011 due to the mandatory waiting system that forces
The Power of Silence. The chatter about \The Artist\ in the media expresses a curiosity about how and why a silent film appeals to a contemporary audience.
Jon Gosselin. Jon Gosselin recently split from girlfriend Ellen Ross, but he\u2019s moving forward with his held head high, and focused on his
You Need A Spanking Not A Divorce. Should I go back to him, or can I keep the best of both worlds and stay separated?
Where Have All The Men Gone?. Considering that men comprise fully half of the individuals who get divorced, isn't it reasonable to expect they would at least be a significant presence in the divorce discourse?
Top 4 Tax Tips For Divorcing Couples. With tax season right around the corner, many couples in the midst of a divorce will likely be confused about how to file their tax return.
Stepparents. From personal experience, Kate McGuinness shares advice\u2014and warnings\u2014with a friend who recently became a step mother. Read
Oscar Trivia. Oscar winners may call showbiz's most coveted statue their own, but when it comes to divorce, they're just like us. Heck
Sarah Palin Divorce. Additionally, the e-mail was sent at the same time Palin had been criticized for leveling taxes on oil profits while Todd
Cut The Conflict In Front Of the Kids. Many men who go through separation are dads. We know that the separation not only impacts ourselves and our partners, but also our children.
Parenting Well Post-Divorce. The problem with getting a divorce when you've got kids is that you never can really get divorced. No kids? You can walk away from a failed relationship with a sigh of relief and the thought that it's good riddance to bad company.
Getting Divorced? Stop Texting and Get Off Facebook. While many people are beginning to realize the risks posed by thoughtlessly posting comments and pictures on Facebook, I still find myself regularly shocked by the incriminating messages and images that can be so easily accessed in a divorce case.
Never Liked It Anyway. Aside from the listings, the site also features a companion blog called The Juice, where the dumped can vent about their
Heidi Klum, Seal Divorce. And while appearances on \The Ellen DeGeneres Show\ and \Piers Morgan Tonight\ served as forums to offer an explanation -- Seal
Three Myths About Men And Divorce. Here are three common misconceptions about the effect of divorce on men. Read more on www.helpstartshere.org
The Ins And Outs Of Alimony Payments After A Divorce. As the old saying goes, an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. But if you\u2019re already at the point of having to
The Detritus of Divorce. What happens when parents of the divorcing couple who are left with the (for lack of a better word) memorabilia?
The Luxury of Divorce. With less expendable income, there are less expendable marriages. Our new economic realities may be forcing yet another belt tightening -- or heart tightening -- process
Kate Gosselin Divorce. Gosselin filed for divorce from Jon in June 2009 after ten years of marriage, amid rumors of Jon's infidelity. Gosselin, whose
ALPHA MALE. Not long ago, we got a question from a recently divorced guy we thought was worth sharing. See if his story doesn't ring
On Divorce, Co-Parenting, Learning To Love Your Ex, And Other Stuff. I\u2019m the divorced parent. Some parents stay married. I didn\u2019t. I get up in the morning and make my son breakfast. I pack his
Divorcing Women. Over the past year, my blog posts here have been devoted to helping women better understand the steps they need to take so
Where's My F-ing Casserole?. My son hadn't had a home-cooked meal in eons, and I was certainly in no shape to be near sharp knives and a hot oven. \Where's my f-ing casserole?\ the voice in my head said.  After all, I was mourning a death, too
I Do Over. I am the only woman in the history of divorce who didn't keep the house. Instead, I took my equity and hired a therapist. She bought a house.
7 Tips For Co-parenting Teens. Teens are like toddlers on hormones who want and need to separate from you. Parenting them under any circumstances can be tough, but co-parenting teens who move between two households presents particular challenges.
The Breakdown Of A Breakup. I've have never been so grateful to have music in my life as I while was going through my breakup. Every song felt like a rung of a ladder and in the end, helped to lift me up and back out into the world.
Courteney Cox. The former couple, who share custody of their 7-year-old daughter Coco, have reportedly maintained a good relationship post
Why Do Happy Newlyweds Eventually Divorce?. In recent years, there have been several studies that suggest that some happy and satisfied newlyweds were still getting divorced.
Why We Cheat. Scientists are finding out a little more about the birds and the bees -- and surprisingly, infidelity -- by studying the
Five Ways to Focus on Your Recovery, Mark Zuckerberg Style. There are many excellent lessons I have learned from observing high achievers. When I am counseling folks on the mend from a breakup or divorce, I urge them to stay intensely focused on their recovery.
Breaking Up Is Weird to Do. I had no idea how funny divorces could be until I worked for a divorce attorney.
Post-Divorce Dating. Looking to get back into the dating scene post-divorce, but not sure it's the right time? According to YourTango.com relationship
Bill Clinton PBS Documentary. Among those interviewed are the former president's re-election campaign manager, Dick Morris, who recalls the moment Clinton
Kim Kardashian Divorce. So what gave Kardashian Odom the impression that the marriage wouldn't work? \He just rubbed me the wrong way,\ she said
Hollywood's Nod To Single Dads. True confession
Opposing Counsel. I have relationships with lawyers I've faced as opponents over and over again; we have a shared history. The fact of our lives as lawyers is that clients come and go, but our relationships with each other can endure for decades.
5 Things Not To Say To Divorced Moms. Growing up as the daughter of a single mother, I swore I'd never be a single mom myself. Well, you know what they say about the best-laid plans.
What Makes A Good Divorce Client?. Typically clients will need an attorney at the beginning of the case, but by the end of the divorce in many circumstances, the client's attitude -- sometimes justifiably -- is that the attorney didn't do enough for them.
Mena Suvari On Her Divorce. Mena Suvari has no regrets about filing for divorce from husband Simone Sestito on January 13. Read more on www.usmagazine.com
The Widower. I'm divorced, single and past sixty. Friends fix me up with their rejects, or at dinner parties I find myself sitting next to the newly divorced or widowed 80-year old boomer who wants to take me to Viagra Falls.
Should You Break Up? Twitter Knows Best. Here at HuffPost Divorce, we're always on the lookout for Twitter trends that tackle splits. So when #YouNeedToBreakUpIf
\u2018Your Divorce Ruined My Life' What To Do When Your Child Blames You. It was Sunday night and Lucas\u2019s mother had had it with her 15-year-old son. \u201cI am just sick of this. Look at this mess. I
Celebrity Trivia. Kobe and Vanessa Bryant's courtside kiss Tuesday got us thinking about other celebrity couples who split up, only to find
Divorce Stress Syndrome. Opening a bottle of wine, Rachel Boyd settled down on the sofa beside her husband Paul, ready to spend a relaxing Sunday
Divorce Survey. According to a new survey by software company TeamViewer, 5 percent of 2,630 Americans polled said they would divorce their
Songs to Celebrate Divorce In Your Twenties. Katy Perry should have been awarded Best Revenge Song after her Grammy performance, during which she spit venom at ex-husband Russell Brand by modifying the lyrics to her new single, \Part of Me,\ to reflect their marriage
Many Tragedies In Whitney Houston's Death. Whitney Houston's death Saturday was filled with tragedy. She leaves behind a daughter, Bobbi Kristina Brown, a promising young singer who at age 18 is way too young to lose a mother.
Kobe Bryant. Check out the photos below and weigh in
When A Gift Is Not A Gift. As a divorce lawyer in California, I hate to rain on your parade, but if you received an expensive diamond necklace from your husband, the law may not treat it as a gift if you ever get divorced.
Burch Vs Burch. Tory Burch may have been surprised to find that her ex-husband had opened a store right down the street from her own boutique
Divorce Rates For Teen Marriages Revealed. Even though we were all holding out hope that Leah and Corey would make it and beat the statistics, the divorce process got
Coping With Divorce. Contemplating or beginning the divorce process is an overwhelming time, so its important to get organized. There are many
Jada Pinkett Smith's 'Burn' Song Dedicated To Will Smith. It seems Jada Pinkett Smith is trying to put those pesky divorce rumors to rest. On Tuesday, the actress used her Facebook
Is Divorce In Your Future This Valentines Day?. This is a season when there's supposed to be love in the air
Katy Perry Grammy Performance Aimed At Russell Brand?. Brand filed for divorce in December 2012, 14 months after the star couple tied the knot. Their split, which was finalized
A Happy Couple Creating Music To Break Up To. Victoria Paterson hatched the idea for her latest album while on a date, taking a long, romantic stroll in Central Park. The
My Post-Divorce Valentine. When I was married, I remember standing in greeting card aisles during many a February, reading all the Valentine's Day cards labeled \To My Husband,\ and suddenly tears would be streaming down my face. I so wished that I felt what the cards expressed.
Valentine's Day Single. We at HuffPost Divorce don't generally deal much in the business of Valentine's Day. But this year, we turned the lovey-dovey
Whitney Houston's Breakup Ballads. Whitney Houston's post-divorce troubles are well-documented; from her 2007 custody battle with ex Bobby Brown over daughter
Occupy Valentine's Day. I feel assaulted whenever I encounter clich\u00e9d images of romance -- advertisements to buy flowers, candy, diamonds, sexy underwear, even cell phones -- all to show love. Buy, buy, buy! Love, love, love! I say Bah Humbug!
February. The month of February is often associated with romance and valentines, but ironically, it is also the most active month for divorce.
Alternatives To A Contested Divorce. A significant part of my practice is to represent clients in hotly contested divorces. A contested divorce is financially
Why I'm Glad I Gave My Ex Custody Of Our Son. Losing custody of my son was the worst thing that ever happened to me. And it was also one of the best.
'Win a Divorce'. The Rock has been dodging criticism from family groups since announcing the radio stunt, which the station claims is aimed
Mimi Alford, JFK Affair. Mimi Alford, the former White House intern who recently wrote a book claiming she had an affair with President John F. Kennedy
A Celebrity Divorce Outbreak?. When you put two outsize egos together in one marriage, the combination can be combustible.
Ethan Hawke Divorce. \Nothing teaches you like getting leveled,\ he continued. \And I got leveled in my early 30s. Nothing went exactly the way
Divorce Evidence. \As smart phones and text messaging become main sources of communication during the course of each day, there will inevitably
The Right To Choose One's Marital Status. In order to get divorced, I traveled back to the Midwestern college town where I'd lived for a year with my soon-to-be ex. I hadn't put down substantial roots there in a year's time, but I'd made some friends, including a nice couple from my church who let me stay with them for a few nights.
After Divorce, New Tradition Brings Family Together. Wednesday is the first day my kids are back with me each week. They spend Monday and Tuesday with their dad, and they are
Your Odds Of Staying Married In Maplestory May Be Better Than Real Life. Marriage in online role-playing game Maplestory is serious business. Just ask some of the folks who found themselves marrying
E-nnouncing Divorce. As a divorce mediator and lawyer, sometimes I feel like I've heard it all. I am terribly hard to shock.  And yet, yesterday something shocked me
Emotions Can Suck Your Wallet Dry In Divorce. With attorneys charging upwards of $300 or $400 per hour, financial advisors charging thousands, and any other professionals needed adding to the long list of bills, divorce can get very expensive very quickly.
What Do I Owe My Wife?. Last November my ex came home for a month and wanted to remarry. After trying to reconcile and fix her, it was obvious she didn't love me; still wanted him, so I asked her to leave. It was hard for me, but harder for the kids.
Parenting Apart -- Soccer and Wandering Through Life's Changes. I have just finished doing something strange and normal. A family outing. With separated parents and both children.
Keeping Marriage From Becoming A Casualty Of War. I entered marriage believing that the word divorce would never be a part of my vocabulary. I had no doubt that my husband
Michael C. Hall & Jennifer Carpenter -- Happily Divorced Ever After. Although \Dexter\ co-stars Michael C. Hall and Jennifer Carpenter finalized their divorce in December, the former couple
How Being Divorced Has Helped My Second Marriage. While starting a new life as a 29-year-old divorcee was far from a picnic, my first marriage wasn't a complete waste of time. Frankly, being divorced has been good for my second marriage.
Zooey Deschanel, Russell Brand Texting? No, Says 'New Girl' Star. The look-alike factor is likely the reason the rumors began in the first place, Deschanel told the \The View\ co-hosts. Deschanel
The Six Personal Traits That Help Women Successfully Survive Divorce. Every woman who walks into our office wants an answer to the exact same question. She wants to know this
5 Post-Divorce Insurance Do's And Don'ts. While lovebirds are nesting in honor of Valentine's Day, the less lucky in love may be planning a hasty -- or not so hasty
How To Save On Legal Fees In A Divorce. When it becomes clear that your marriage is over, and no amount of pretense or counseling can fix what is broken, you'll
Separating Couples 'Will Have To Go To Mediation' Before Being Granted A Divorce. Separating couples are to be forced to go to mediation before turning to the courts in the biggest shake-up of family law
Ben Harper Reconciling With Laura Dern?. Dern and Harper aren't the first celebrity couple to reconcile after filing divorce docs. Check out the slideshow below to
Kim Kardashian Divorce. The reality star filed for divorce from Humphries in October 2011, just 72 days after their estimated $10 million dollar
Freedom, Courage And Splitting Up. Separation can bring sorrow to a family, but it also brings freedom.
You Are Not Your Breakup. Was Demi Moore's need to be hospitalized recently due to her breakup with Ashton Kutcher?
Does Your Ex Need A Therapist?. Think of therapy as a map to life. Most of us eventually find our way, but looking at a map or asking for directions makes the process much easier.
Heidi Klum And Seal. We don't really know what happened in Heidi and Seal's marriage, and they deserve their privacy as they work through their separation.  But we can surmise that one of two things happened
When Love Isn't Enough. Drama. Deceit. Devastation. It's not just reality TV, it's the reality that most of us experience when we end a relationship.
This Is Not Where I Thought I Would Be. When I got divorced, I remember saying to my mother, \This is not where I thought I would be at this stage of my life.\  I was sad when I said it, and stuck in the disappointment of my failed marriage.  Divorce had definitely not been part of my life plan.
The Breakup Makeover. What's the best way to show an ex what he's missing? Well, for celebs like Reese Witherspoon, Anne Hathaway, and Kim Kardashian
Jennifer Garner. In August 2011, a rep for Affleck and Garner announced that the couple are expecting a third child. The actress is reportedly
REVEALED. Twitter, both as a platform and business, owes a lot to the world of celebrity. Read more on www.mediabistro.com
Changing It Up From 'We' To 'Me'. I wanted to stop thinking about who I had become upon divorce -- a single woman -- and focus on my surroundings. I wanted my home to change from our home to my home.
Say 'Welcome Back' To Your Sex Life. After years of no sex -- or even just empty, mechanical sex -- divorced people discover a sudden renewed vigor in their post-split sex lives.
Christina Hendricks Encouraged Her Parents' Divorce. \I believe very much in marriage and in working hard for it,\ she told the magazine. \My husband's parents are still together
Kim Kardashian Divorce. Could the televised proceedings be anything like SNL's viral sketch, \Kim's Fairytale Divorce\? We sure hope so. \An annulment
2m Couples Divorced In China In 2011. A total of 32,999 couples ended their marriage in the capital city last year, a fifth year's growth since 2007, Beijing Times
Can Divorce Really Be Smart?. If divorce were as straightforward as the dictionary definition, the process would be a whole lot easier. But, the reality is, there are two sides to divorce -- the emotional and the legal.
The Kids' Will Be Just Fine And Other Divorce Myths. There are universal challenges inherent in all separating families -- challenges not related to the size of a family bank account.  The most important challenge, of course, is addressing the well-being of children before, during and after the split.
Is Cheating Genetic?. In her Huffington Post blog post on Wednesday, Vicki Larson looked at the science of love and questioned whether infidelity
Heidi Klum, Seal Divorce. We couldn't help but feel sad about Heidi Klum's recent split from Seal after almost 7 years of marriage. The star couple
Olivia Wilde. Wilde is reportedly dating \Saturday Night Live\ cast member Jason Sudeikis. In the past she's been linked to Bradley Cooper
Homes Of The Heartbroken. Based on the lyrics from the songs they sing, or the characters they play in romantic comedies, you would think the real
Facebook May Be Used Against You In Court, Lawyers Say. Instances of Facebook posts being used as evidence in family court are becoming more and more common, according to\u00a0The Legal
Don't Divorce Your Kids. The stress of settling into a custody arrangement can put a strain on the parent-child relationship, sometimes to the point it appears permanently damaged.
Divorce Over Infidelity? Not So Fast.... My husband recently ended an affair, which I have known about for the past five months. I feel so shattered and confused. How can I ever trust him again?
Speaking of Touch.... If sex isn't happening, then certainly the core concept of \making love\ isn't happening either.  Couples are losing the opportunity at all levels of physical touch to connect with their partner.
We're Getting A Divorce, Now What?. Every divorce has unique circumstances that can directly influence the outcome, including who earns more, who gets custody of the children, or if one spouse has made a considerable financial contribution to the other's earning potential.
Is Divorce In The Water?. I don't come from a divorced family so maybe I'll never understand it as well as people who do, but even when I was growing up, I don't ever recall as many people getting divorced as I hear about today.
Should We Put Love and Fidelity to the Test?. When it comes to matters of the heart, love has less to do with the heart and more to do with the brain.
Recession And Divorce. Money troubles are a huge strain on marriage, so you'd expect that divorce would surge after a massive recession and years
Top 3 Apps For Co-Parenting Parents. Co-parenting your children in two households can be a stressful and challenging task, and any tool to make this easier while
5 Tips For Recently Married Or Divorced Taxpayers With A Name Change. What's in a name? There might be more than you thought, especially when it comes to tax time. Read more on lagunaniguel.patch.com
Turning 50 With Demi Moore And Figuring Out What Matters. I first \met\ her when my boyfriend showed me a copy of Oui Magazine. She was a virtually unknown pin-up girl and she graced
Heidi Klum and Seal. After almost seven years of marriage, Heidi Klum and Seal have decided to part. Many people were surprised by their announcement since they made such a point of telling the public how truly happy they were.
Divorce Study. Is divorcing at a younger age more dangerous to your health than divorcing later in life? Yes, according to a new Michigan
Madonna, Guy Ritchie Divorce. Madonna opens up about her new film, \W.E.,\ and her 2008 divorce from filmmaker Guy Ritchie in this week's Newsweek, on
Law Talk. When it comes to divorce, there's almost always at least one party who thinks they got the ugly end of the judgment. This
Scandalous Divorce Lawyers Who Sleep With Their Clients. In \Sex and the City\, Charlotte starts a romance with her attorney, Harry, while getting divorced. She finds true love in the arms of her attorney, and ultimately gets a fairy tale ending. In real life, however, fairy tale endings are few and far between.
Divorced Men Are Twice As Keen To Re-marry As Divorced Women, Study Finds. Going through a tricky divorce would be enough to put anyone off marriage for life. But a new study shows that men are much
Local Mom Gives A \Hand Up\ To Single Mothers. Tricia Ward, 40, was a successful real estate broker who made her own hours. She was a self-sufficient single mother who
Fathers Challenge Jail Sentences For Child Support. After Lance Hendrix returned from military service in 2009, he landed part-time construction work and odd jobs to help pay
Tips To Help Your Dog Deal With Divorce. Breaking up is hard to do, and when the family pet is involved things become more complicated. \Dogs form bonds with people
Finding Love Again. The legal freedom that comes from a divorce decree does not necessarily give you an emotional divorce or prepare you for the rest of your life.
Five Unexpected Behaviors That Sink a Marriage. In order to fully recover in a healthy way from a divorce, everyone needs to take some accountability.
