The Controversial Way Some California Schools Are Handling Students' Misbehavior. By David Washburn The two 9th-grade girls heard the laughing the minute they walked into their third-period class that December
California School First In The Nation To Be Digitally Mapped For First Responders. By David Washburn Among the many disturbing truths that came to light following the 1999 massacre at Columbine High School
States Are Favoring School Choice At A Steep Cost To Public Education. The current debate over school funding must move beyond teacher salaries and whether the books in public schools are tattered.
Girls Reportedly Bleeding Through Pants Due To Charter School Bathroom Policy. The school system is now allowing girls to tie their school sweatshirts around their waists.
Desperate For Teachers, Districts Beg Retirees To Come Back. \It\u2019s difficult not to respond when you hear there is such a significant need.\u201d
Why More School Districts Are Holding Class Just Four Days A Week. Small rural school districts have long sought to save money and attract teachers by dropping a school day. Now some urban
Beyonc\u00e9 Announces $100,000 In Scholarships For HBCU Students. The program will give $25,000 each to Xavier University, Wilberforce University, Tuskegee University and Bethune-Cookman University.
Kentucky Is Learning That You Can't Have School Without Teachers. Dozens of school districts will close again as Kentucky teachers protest the \dismantling\ of public education.
Parkland School District Votes Against Arming Teachers. \I have not met one teacher or one student who is in favor of arming teachers in Broward County,\ a school board member said Tuesday.
Pennsylvania School District Arms 500 Teachers With Mini Baseball Bats. \It is the last resort, but it is an option,\ the Millcreek School District superintendent said.
Hey, Laura Ingraham, David Hogg Actually Did Get Into UC Irvine. The Fox News host mocked the teen survivor of the Parkland school shooting for college rejections.
Chuck E. Cheese\u2019s Now Offers 'Sensory Sensitive Sundays' For Special Needs Children. The music and lighting will be dimmed to make the experience more enjoyable for children with autism and other special needs.
Puerto Rico To Shutter 283 More Schools This Summer As Education Crisis Deepens. The U.S. territory's Department of Education blamed plummeting enrollment since the hurricane and ongoing financial woes.
Oklahoma Teachers Begin 110-Mile March To Protest Education Funding. Many of the state's school districts have shut down through the end of the week.
Teachers Swarm Kentucky Capitol To Protest Pension Changes, School Budget Cuts. \u201cWe feel demoralized, we feel assaulted, and we feel like we\u2019ve been marginalized. We\u2019re angry.\u201d
Lullaby Of Algebra. On and off throughout their lessons, students sing math formulas and do math-related dance moves.
Threat Assessments Crucial To Prevent School Shootings. In the small number of very serious threats, schools can recognize the danger, collaborate with law enforcement and keep schools safe.
How American High Schools Teach The Iraq War. It's hard to teach history that isn't quite history yet.
The West Virginia Teacher Strike Not Over Yet. Schools in West Virginia will remain closed Thursday, despite a deal between union leaders and the governor.
Tentative Deal Reached To End West Virginia Teacher Strike. Teachers will get a 5 percent raise, and state employees will get a 3 percent raise. But there's no clear fix to the employee health care plan.
Why West Virginia Teachers Are On Their First Strike In 28 Years. It's not really about the money. It's about keeping teachers in their home state.
Universities Tell Applicants That Protesting Gun Violence Won\u2019t Affect Admissions. Student walkouts for gun control have gone nationwide following the recent shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School.
West Virginia Teachers Are Making Sure Their Students Get Fed While They're On Strike. A lot of kids would go hungry if not for school. That's one reason the teachers announced their walkout well ahead of time.
The Simple Way A Growing Number Of States Are Hoping To Improve Kids' Brains. By Lillian Mongeau, The Hechinger Report APPLETON, Wisc. \u2014 Middle school students at Kaleidoscope Academy, a district charter
Texas District Says Students Protesting Gun Violence Will Get Suspended. \A disruption of the school will not be tolerated,\ says the head of the Needville Independent School District.
Company That Sells Bulletproof Gucci And Herm\u00e8s Bags Sees Huge Sales In School Backpacks. The\u00a0Florida school shooting\u00a0that left 17 people dead has triggered a rise in the sales of bulletproof backpacks. On Thursday
While Teachers Fight For Better Pay, West Virginia Lawmakers Discuss Opossums. On average, teachers in West Virginia are some of the lowest paid in the U.S.
Cornell Frat's 'Pig Roast' Gave Points For Sex With Heaviest Woman. Zeta Beta Tau was slapped with probation.
Homeless Students, Destroyed Campuses, \u2018Invisible Injuries\u2019. In Santa Barbara County, the fires and mudslides are among the worst disasters in county history.
Columbia University Refuses To Recognize Graduate Student Union. The Ivy League school is digging in for a long legal battle -- and relying on Donald Trump to help them out.
What Common Core Won. I\u2019ve said often that the Common Core failed in its creators\u2019 central goal \u2015 to establish a set of national standards followed
Texas Schools Illegally Excluded Students With Disabilities. \u201cEvery child with a disability must have appropriate access to special education and related services that meet his or her unique needs,\u201d Education Secretary Betsy DeVos said.
Children Forced To 'Deal With It' And Bundle Up As Classrooms Lose Heat. Up and down the East Coast, the incoming storm is making infrastructure problems worse.
Norm Pattiz, Accused Of Sexual Harassment, To Resign As UC Regent. The media executive submitted his resignation letter, but made no mention of the allegations against him.
New Mexico Charter School CEO Steals Public Money For 15 Years. How\u2019s That For Oversight?. On Dec. 23, 2017, KOB.com (Albuquerque) published an article concerning the survival of the Southwest Aeronautics Mathematics
Newly Reelected New York City Mayor Decides His School Renewal Plan Failed But Still Claims Success. The DOE, Farina and de Blasio also fail to explain a number of things about the new program.
'Sesame Street' Wins $100 Million Grant To Create Programming For Refugee Children. The MacArthur Foundation grant is the largest of its kind.
New DeVos Loan Forgiveness Plan. It took Betsy DeVos nearly a year to take any action on the nearly 100,000 applications by former students who assert that
Hungry on Campus. We need to do much more to facilitate these struggling students\u2019 success.
How One California School District Is Leading The Way On New Science Standards. By Carolyn Jones As schools nationwide take on the most comprehensive overhaul of science standards in 20 years, a school
Radio Mogul Under Pressure To Resign From Powerful California University Board. Several women have accused Norman Pattiz of sexual harassment.
Want To Start School Later? Avoid These 10 Common Traps. Some these could save years of wasted time, effort and resources.
To Rewrite Obama Rules, DeVos Picks People Tied To Predatory Colleges. DeVos is letting the foxes draft rules for the henhouse.
DeVos Stands With Scoundrels, Not Students -- Part 2. The U.S. Department of Education under Secretary Betsy DeVos this week began the next step in dismantling the rules issued
DeVos Department Meeting Again Stalls Over Opposition To Livestreaming. Last month the Department of Education\u2019s first meeting on rewriting the Obama \u201cborrower defense\u201d rule for student loans stalled
Data, Numbers, Education And Audiences. During the last week, Pat has shown a 6.3 rate of response in class, with a score of 75 on the Hendrix Orientation Scale
The Political Is Personal. The House GOP plan would tax tuition waivers, opening a new front in Republicans\u2019 war on higher education. This plan is particularly
Judicial Negligence Compounds Political Negligence In South Carolina. The state's longstanding apathy toward the plight of the its poor population and people of color is clear in its courts and its legislature.
Fizz! Pop! Bang! Teachers Find New Science Standards Fun, But Costly. By Carolyn Jones With their emphasis on hands-on experiments, California\u2019s new science standards have turned classrooms into
Florida's Teacher Gap Is No Mystery. There is no reason to be surprised that Florida teachers are \u201cfleeing.\u201d
The New Tax Attack On Overly Elite College Endowments Has Potential Merit. But the legislation would hurt students, too.
Network For Public Education Study Exposes Charter School Scams. It concludes charter schools are a \u201cfailed experiment.\u201d
Our Children\u2019s American Life. This is the world our children go to school in. This is the world our teachers work in.
A Call To Action For Sleep-Friendly Schools. Another health organization calls to start school later \u2014 and the NEA and National PTA agree.
Bridgepoint SEC Filing Raises Questions About Continued Federal Funding. A filing Monday with the Securities and Exchange Commission by troubled Bridgepoint Education raises questions about the
DeVos Department Stacks Negotiations Deck With For-Profit College Lawyers. When Betsy DeVos announced she would repeal and replace the Obama administration\u2019s rules to protect students and taxpayers
Strategies For Evaluating The Trump Presidency In A High School Classroom. At recent meetings a number of social studies teachers asked me for suggestions on how to evaluate, with their high school
DeVos Stands With Scoundrels, Not Students. The department will be on the wrong side of history, the wrong side of justice and the wrong side of our people.
DeVos Department Tries To Block Public Streaming Of Student Debt Hearing. This is an open government meeting, the record of which should not be censored.
Teacher Seniority. You wouldn\u2019t travel a long distance in your car without strapping on a seatbelt. So why do you think teachers should spend
Why Does Congress Want To Take $250 From Every Teacher?. My wife teaches music in Iowa\u2019s most urban school district. She is assigned to ten different schools where she often teaches
Owner Of Troubled, Closed Texas College Now Advises Another For-Profit School. Betsy DeVos has turned her back on students hurt by predatory colleges. Look what happens when accountability is weak.
Times Editorial Hypes Charter Schools. Do the editors of the New York Times read their own newspaper? The opening line of their pro-charter school editorial offered
Los Angeles Charter School Operators Demand Less Oversight And Accountability, And Fewer Investigations. A number of Los Angeles charter schools up for renewal this week are throwing a tantrum if they don\u2019t get their way. Charter
Trumpism Enters Schools When School Officials Become The Bullies. Trumpism
University Of Wisconsin-Inferior. The University of Wisconsin-Superior became the latest college to try out an education fad while slashing their budget. With
Democracy Requires Citizenship Education, Now More Than Ever. In an 1816 letter to Colonel Charles Yancey, former President Thomas Jefferson wrote
Why Harvard Law School Matters. The esteemed institution's bicentennial celebration grants us an opportunity to grade its accessibility and the value of its work.
When ICE Comes Calling In The Ivy League. We must resist.
As California Prepares For Earthquakes, Some Charter Schools Skirt Safety Rules. Last week, students at Los Angeles\u2019s Alliance College-Ready network of charter schools dropped to the floor, crawled under
As College Costs Rise, Congress Must Save The Perkins Student Loan. In today\u2019s highly competitive global economy, a college education has never been more important. Tragically, it has also
The Collaborationists. Harvard\u2019s pandering to the Trump crowd as if they were legitimate political actors. They\u2019re not. They\u2019re collaborationists.
Ohio Charter E-Schools Under Investigation. \u201cYou can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear\u201d is an old English proverb (c. 1500) that basically means you can\u2019t turn
School Choice. Segregation and the evil twins\u2013racism and inequity\u2013are the divide and conquer gifts that keep on giving\u00ad to the rich and
Peter Cunningham\u2019s Education Post Chaperoned By Broad Foundation. On September 01, 2014,\u00a0Lyndsey Layton of the\u00a0Washington Post\u00a0officially introduced Peter Cunningham\u2019s\u00a0Education Post\u00a0to the
I Am An Eagle Scout. I Would Join Girl Scouts If They Let Me.. If Girl Scouts decides to accept boys, I will be one of the first to join.
Returning To Class The Morning After A Massacre. Children are especially vulnerable to the trauma caused by acts of community violence, which is particularly noteworthy when the trauma is all-encompassing.
Yes, It Is True! I Don't Like School Choice! I Admire Teachers' Unions!. Public schools are part of the promise of America.
C\u2019mon, Matt Damon. You\u2019re Better Than This.. \u201cDid you know that you were in the trailer for Backpack Full of Cash? Sounds like you actually coined the phrase.\u201d That was
Louisiana Has A Five-Year-Old 'Parent Trigger' Law That No Parent Has Ever Used. On the Louisiana Department of Education (LDOE) website, there is a curious link for \u201cparent petition\u201d
I Was Blocked From Facebook For Criticizing School Privatization. \u201cJournalism is printing what someone else does not want printed
Why Marginalized Youth In Des Moines Need Spoken Word Poetry. Growing up in a predominantly rural state, with very few people who reflect you as a person, can be isolating.
Why Teachers Suck. Papers, papers everywhere. Susan\u2019s school also has a mandatory mentoring program for new teachers.\u00a0 Not a bad thing.\u00a0 However
Housing Crisis In California Forces More Students Into Homelessness. Since 2014, the number of homeless children in California has jumped 20 percent.
Arizona Teachers Are Abandoning Ship. Here's Why.. The state's poor teacher pay and low teacher qualification standards are creating a vacuum that will harm students.
New Research. The findings indicate that these dual enrollment classes may be another tool as California grapples with a looming shortage of college-educated workers.
Show Up For Kids So They Can Show Up To School. We are missing out on the full potential of almost seven million students because they are absent.
Immigration Crackdown Taking Heavy Toll On California Students. \We may see it all as rhetoric and posturing, but I\u2019ve witnessed kids from elementary school to college level stressed out and traumatized.\
What College Is About. On the night of Sept. 26, shortly after historian Ibram Kendi introduced American University\u2019s new Antiracist Research and
Milo Yiannopoulos. The far right has a new playbook, and it\u2019s important we all recognize it.
Forget Cheat \u2018Sheet\u2019 \u2014 Student Outwits Professor With Enormous 'Cheat Poster'. \u201cWell played and lesson learned for me.\u201d
Want Innovation? How About Integrated Equitable Schools?. Secretary of Education Betsy Devos says that students in the US attend schools that are a \u201cmundane malaise that dampens dreams
Reflections Of A 50-Year-Old Teacher. A few years ago, while in my late 40s, I was trying to impress upon my students the importance of \u201cliving in the moment.\u201d In
Ravitch Responds To DeVos And School Privatization. In conjunction with their 4th annual conference in Oakland, California on October 14-15, the Network for Public Education
Teach For America\u2019s Houston T-shirt Sale. It looks less like altruism and more like opportunism.
To The Woman Who Thanked Me For Being A Teacher Who Cares. Her words struck a chord with me and made me realize my passion for my job.
Student Protestors And Their Faculty Allies At The Evergreen State College Win A Battle But Lose The War. Four months have passed since the riots that brought The Evergreen State College to the attention of the world occurred and
A Classroom Of Tomorrow. Good morning, children, and welcome to today\u2019s classes in the Mr. Edbrand Fifth Grade Room, brought to you by Exxon here
Internship Ideas For Aspiring Journalists (Besides Editorial). Editorial internships often seem like the only logical job for an aspiring journalist to pick up in college \u2015\u00a0or at least
Why Teachers Need Their Freedom. The mandated curriculum, we decided, would never be enough to encourage our students to love reading and writing.
Keeping A Clear Mindset During School. \u201cNew semester, new me.\u201d This is something I tell myself at the beginning of every school semester, determined, excited and
Dear Teachers. There is a force out there that\u2019s working to destroy our profession.
It's Not The End If You Don't Get Into Your College Of Choice. A lot of what I do entails helping students achieve the best ATAR (Australian Tertiary Admission Rank, sort of like the SAT
What Trump World Schools Look Like. Donald Trump and Education Secretary Betsy DeVos champion the privatization of public education in the United States. They
Senate Appropriations Has No Funding For Betsy DeVos\u2019 Private School Voucher Hopes. During his campaign for president, in September 2016, Donald Trump said that he planned to devote $20 billion toward an education
Welcome Back To School. BOOK REVIEW
The Wisdom Of The New York Times Magazine's Special Issue On Race And Education. All sides of our education civil war need to see our internal battles within the context of the travesties recounted in this amazing special magazine issue.
Every Teacher Should Be Bad At Something. Many of our students have to get up every day and go to a place where all day long, they are required to do things that they are bad at.
'Waiting For Evidence' Before Granting Charter Waivers. \u201cWaiting for Superman\u201d (2010) was a propaganda movie promoting charter schools. I call this blog \u201cWaiting for Evidence,\u201d because
Betsy DeVos Just Threw Campus Rape Survivors Under the School Bus. There is very little evidence that wrongful accusation is even a problem.
Dear Secretary DeVos. I\u2019m having a little trouble trying to figure out why you chose to go into education.
California Colleges Undaunted By Trump's Decision To Phase Out  DACA. By Carolyn Jones Undocumented immigrant students will remain welcome at California colleges and universities, regardless
Voucher Champs Take Note. On August 31, 2017, Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner signed into law a bill that includes a $75-million provision for \u201ctax
What I Know About Teaching And Learning (With Apologies To John Dewey). It is the beginning of the school year. Periodically I am asked, somewhat suspiciously, \u201cWhat would you do if educational
Want To Study Abroad? Here\u2019s How To Ace Your Application. There are a number of ways to better your odds provide yourself ample opportunity to see the world.
Teachers Are Still Bringing 'Harry Potter' Magic To Their Classrooms 19 Years Later. Ten points to Gryffindor.
Relief In Sight For Defrauded Student Borrowers. By Jane Greengold Stevens and Danielle Tarantolo, Co-Directors of Special Litigation Unit, New York Legal Assistance Group
Opposition Rallies Against Plan To Put Unqualified People In Classrooms. Politically influential charter school operators in the State of New York are on the verge of pushing through an administrative
California Could Reap Big Economic Benefits With Passage Of Later School Start Bill. By Theresa Harrington While California legislators debate a bill to ban secondary schools from starting before 8:30 a.m., a
To Teach The Whole Child, Schools Need Recess. By Gil G. Noam, EdD Whether jumping through sprinklers at city parks, chasing soccer balls at camp, or kayaking with family
Attorneys General Sue Over DeVos' Handling Of For-Profit Colleges. On July 6, attorneys general from 18 states and Washington, D.C. filed suit against Education Secretary Besty DeVos. This
Actually, Academics And Athletics Do Mix Pretty Well. Starting UCLA QB Josh Rosen gave an interview to Bleacher Report where he claimed that football and school don\u2019t go together.
On My First Friend, Kindergarten, And Diversity. Today, my first friend turns 50 years old. \u00a0We were born only a few weeks apart, in the month of August 1967, and we grew
Is the Idea Of A 'Good' Teacher All In Your Mind?. As a child, I remember heading back to school and hearing whispered rumors about the teachers in my new grade, other kids
Do Test Scores Measure 'Success'?. Success Academy charter school network CEO Eva Moskowitz called a press conference last week to claim success. According
Top 5 Ways To Get Ready For Fall Semester. Summer is waning, and college students across America are gearing up for the new semester. While many will stress over course
Why Universities Are Phasing Out Luxury Dorms. As colleges increasingly worry about boosting their retention and graduation rates, campuses are returning to their old-school ways.
Teaching About Totality and about Charlottesville. As teachers get ready to start the school year, I want to suggest that they start engaging their students in conversations
5 Tips For Teacher Leaders. Teachers are alternately characterized in modern culture as \u201cthose who can\u2019t do\u201d and as indispensable key players in the
Netflix, Disney And School Choice. Netflix subscribers may have already heard the news \u2015 Disney is going to pull their content from the online media empire
State-run New Orleans High School ACT Results. In 2003, the Louisiana legislature created the state-run Recovery School District (RSD), which pre-Katrina was comprised
Moving Forward From Charlottesville. We are all still reeling from the appalling events in Charlottesville last week, sparked by the white nationalist march that
When Graduating Yale Law School Isn't Enough.. When Dwayne Betts was 16 years old, he was involved in a carjacking with a friend. He received three felony convictions and
Beware Of The III% And Other Hidden Hatred. Oklahoma is so far from the mayhem in Charlottesville, and yet so close. The Oklahoma City Public School System has already
Want A Better Future? Teach Evidence And Empathy!. \u201cSupport our troops,\u201d read a leaflet my children brought home from school in their backpacks in January 1991. It was a message
Billionaire Charter School Leader Says Black Politician Worse Than the KKK. The white supremacist violence in Charlottesville was the tragic result of the Republican Party\u2019s racist politics, which
Today Is Not A Normal Monday For Us In Charlottesville. Today is a day to feed your outrage and channel it toward progress.
If State Takeover Of New Orleans Schools Worked, ACT Scores Below 16 Wouldn't Be Embarrassing. In 2003, the Louisiana legislature created a state-run Recovery School District (RSD) that allowed the Louisiana Board of
Roll Out And Roll Up. I still remember the excitement in our building when the district and the corporations first rolled them out.
Charter School Advocates Play The Race Card. Eva \u201cNew York City Charter Queen\u201d Moskowitz likes to use the race card against opponents claiming charter school advocates
Head Of UVA College Republicans Condemns Nazis, KKK While President Trump Hesitates. \These hateful groups chose the conservative movement, our movement, in order to try to gain some form of legitimacy.\
As Teachers, We Are Responsible For James Alex Fields Jr.. We own this man. He is our failure.
In Texas, Your Child's Sleep Depends On Your School District. Do you know what time your bell tolls?
What It Means When A School District Declares Itself A 'Safe Haven' Or 'Sanctuary'. By Carolyn Jones Since Donald Trump was elected president, more than 100 California school districts have declared themselves
Inspired By Skid Row, Educator Opening Charter To Help LA's Homeless Children And Families. \u201cThe housing scarcity is not only real in general, it\u2019s very real for families,\u201d said Mitchell.
Here's What College Students Really Want On Their Back-To-School Shopping Lists. Is it really a dorm room if it doesn't have LED string lights?
Circle Up. By Jane Meredith Adams What Omar Quinitanilla, 12, liked best about summer school was the worrying. Not his own worrying
PARCC. The Partnership for Assessment of Readiness for College and Careers (PARCC) has a new website. On May 02, 2017, one could
Why Journalists Shouldn't Write About Education. Over the past couple of days, I have witnessed almost universal praise for Dana Goldstein\u2019s\u00a0Why Kids Can\u2019t Write*. Since
I Hope This Week\u2019s Graduates Acquired What I Did At College. By Meg Scharf UCF Forum columnist What will this week\u2019s UCF graduates take with them when then leave campus? Many will
Charter Schools Are Scamming The Public With Talk About 'School Choice'. The rhetoric used by charter school advocates is often lacking in evidence or intentionally deceptive.
Outspeak Wants Your Videos For Back To School. It\u2019s August, which means it\u2019s almost time to go back to school. This time we\u2019re not bummed \u2013 it\u2019s Back To School Month here
Double Standard, Double Spacing. By Sharisse Tracey Late in April, approximately 1,000 students in the Upward Bound Program at The University of Maine Presque
Exclusive. By Richard Whitmire About a decade ago, 15 years into the public charter school movement, a few of the nation\u2019s top charter
Early Education Can Bring Back The Best Of Ourselves. It\u2019s always a thrill for this former inner city teacher to attend early education conferences. Conversations with early educators
New Course Leads To Big Gains In Number Of Girls, Minorities Taking AP Computer Science Exams. Ideally, every school should teach computer science as a staple subject, like English or math, from kindergarten through 12th grade, Partovi said.
5 of the Most Important Reminders For All College Freshmen. The back-to-school advertisements are in full swing. Store displays portray envy-worthy dorm room setups. With August around
The Problem With Public Schools Isn\u2019t Low Test Scores. It\u2019s Strategic Disinvestment.. Imagine you\u2019re settling in to enjoy an article on-line or in your favorite print newspaper and you come across this headline
What Do We Do With The Flat Earthers?. Sure, it's a free country and you can believe whatever dumb thing you want. But for the world of education policy, we're going to need a better answer than that.
School Choice\u2014Past And Present. At the exact time I was giving a speech last week to 1,400 educators about ensuring that all children have access to a powerful
Zero Tolerance Is Intolerance. Two of my former students demonstrate the consequences of zero-tolerance discipline policies.
Converted City Bus Brings Education To The Hardest-to-Reach Students. Five Keys was founded in 2003 through the San Francisco Sheriff\u2019s Department to educate inmates in the county jail.
ALEC Chooses To Omit Betsy DeVos From Its 2017 Conference Speakers List. The American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC) is holding its 44th Annual Meeting in Denver, Colorado, from July 19-21
Safety Is A Top Concern For Indian Students Admitted To US Schools For Fall. Experts say that hate crimes targeting the South Asian community are to blame.
From 'Unruly Hearts' To Open Minds. Commencement was over, and we had awarded diplomas to the more than 800 graduates in a timely way. I had made remarks, as
Seven Ways DeVos Has Failed Higher Education. Make it stop.
Partisan Divide About College Reflects Our Dislike Of Each Other. As I\u2019ve written, attacks on academia are bread and butter conservative discourse\u2014even though Republicans at the highest levels
In Campus Sexual Assault Cases The U.S. Department Of Education Must Seek To Balance The Rights Of Both Survivors And The Accused. U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos last week met with \u201ccollege administrators, rape survivors and students accused of
Where Are All Of The Teachers Going?. Between 2009 and 2014 the enrollment in teacher education programs dropped from 691,00 to 451,000, a 35% reduction. That\u2019s
Do Girls Have Access To Team Sports? Many California Schools Aren't Telling, Despite Law. No research has found that girls are less interested in competitive athletic teams than boys, according to the Women's Sports Foundation.
California Law Could Change Everything For The Start School Later Movement. Landmark bill giving teens a shot at healthy sleep crosses another legislative hurdle.
10 Of The Best Prime Day Deals For Your College Kid. One for you, one for your college student \u2714\ufe0f
How To Embrace Change. Although it can be terrifying, I love the idea of having my whole life in front of me.
NY Charter School Allies Move To Undermine Teacher Certification. Charter school advocates claim to support higher standards and provide better education than traditional public schools. But
The Charter School Charade Offers Rhetoric, Not Evidence. Charter school advocates are well-versed in their talking points, but those points are often devoid of fact.
Must We Accept Trumpism And A Second Rate Education For Poor Kids?. She didn\u2019t mean anything combative by it, but when 2016 Oregon Superintendent of the Year Heidi Sipe wrapped up a discussion
DeVos Should Stop Stalling, Enforce Obama Rules To Protect Students From Fraud. This week, the Department of Education is holding hearings (Monday in DC, Wednesday in Dallas) at which members of the public
The Best College Graduation Gift Ever. The Department of Education predicts that nearly 2 million students will receive bachelor degrees this year. If recent trends
Waking Up To A New Era Of Education. Education Week published an abridged version of this piece as a letter to the editor on 7/18/2017. This is a response to
Celebrating July Fourth Should Mean Questioning United States History. This is Part 2 of my July 4th Independence Day blog. Part 1 explored my approach to teaching American history and included
Making Cyberschool Creepier. Do you think that cyber-education is just kind of creepy, with students sitting alone in the glow of a computer screen, navigating
The Evergreen State College Implosion. The reality of what occurred is far more complex, and, in fact, far more insidious than the caricature presented in most media reports.
From Kabul To Mountain View. \u201cIf you\u2019re wondering what we should invest in, it\u2019s women,\u201d Chklovski said. \u201cIf you educate a woman, the whole community benefits.\u201d
It's Time To Dispel The Myth That Athletics Can Bankroll A College. The wealth of universities cannot currently rely on athletics to drive their finances. Here's how to change that.
Holocaust Education Must Expand Beyond The Classroom. Rising anti-Semitism, Holocaust distortion and continued misstatements prove we must transform and expand Holocaust education
I Just Graduated College, And I\u2019m Already Freaking Out About Debt!. Are you barely out of college and already panicking about debt? Fortunately -- well, really, unfortunately -- you\u2019re not
Schools Should Be Safe For All. Eight states actually have laws that restrict teachers from talking about LGBT issues at all.
L.A. Leads The Way Requiring Schools To Do More To Help Students With Dyslexia. Few families can afford to hire an outside specialist.
A National Imperative. Our national discord weighs on all of us but none more than the fresh, young minds of our nation.
If You\u2019re Graduating This Year, You Need To Read This. Congratulations you smarty pants! You\u2019ve done it! You graduated!!! No matter how many years it took you or how you managed
Is It Time To Level The Playing Field For College Athletes?. By Ali P. Gordon, UCF Forum columnist I love college sports. I\u2019ve got the Knights, Yellow Jackets, Tar Heels, Hoyas, Maroon
Interactive Map. By The 74 The bipartisan Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA) was signed into law in December 2015, replacing No Child Left
For The Future Of Education, Answer The Calling To The Classroom. Today, the educational environment is plagued by teacher shortages and uncertainty; our top priority should be building a
Pearson Botches Mississippi Testing [Again]; Mississippi Immediately Severs Contract. Education and testing mammoth Pearson has an established history in botchinghigh-stakes testing. Pearson did it again, in
As Social And Emotional Learning Expands, Educators Fear The 'Fizzle'. By Jane Meredith Adams Four minutes late to his first class of the day, an 11th-grade boy at Oakland\u2019s Skyline High School
Is School Choice Just Expanding Privilege?. Students who need the most support are not well-served by choice policies.
How To Avoid School Choice Accountability. After Betsy DeVos\u2019s last round of Congressional obfuscation testimony, many folks are asking the same question as EdWeek
International PISA Tests Show How Evidence-Based Policy Can Go Wrong. Our review of the PISA controversy also highlighted a problem of power in the use of evidence. With PISA, the OECD \u2013 an international
Are Universities Responsible Persons?. If institutions can have the rights of persons, should they not also be subject to the corresponding responsibilities?
The Commencement Speech No One Asked Me To Give (Yet). Look for the people with less and you will find where you should help.
Teaching Climate Science In The Age Of Trump. James Sutter is a science teacher at Wellston High School, student population less than 500. Wellston, Ohio is a town of
Exclusive. The hope is that these maps will spark calls and conversations
Too Many For-Profit Colleges Defraud Students And Taxpayers Alike. Previously published on Boston Globe. Trump University, it transpires, is more than a heartless joke. It is the canary in
Princeton\u2019s Asian Stereotypes Comments Fuel Fear And Insecurity. And they undermine American values.
Teachers Union President Joins Anti-Union Operative To Praise Charter Schools. Randi Weingarten must be out of her damn mind! The president of the second largest teachers union in the country, The American
California Law Spurs Reforms After High School Suicide Cluster. By Jane Meredith Adams About 24 hours after a Clovis High School boy killed himself in early March, his cell phone buzzed
Female Access To Education Isn't Enough. As a female, I know how it feels to be told I don\u2019t need education, or to be called intimidating because I have an education
A Tale Of Two Commencement Speeches. This past weekend, two very high-profile alumni from two very high-profile academic institutions went back to their alma
With Summer Break Comes The Danger Of Students \Doing Nothing.\. Preventing summer learning loss must be a priority, particularly for those teaching in low-income areas.
La. Supt. John White\u2019s Job Is The Subject Of A May 30, 2017, Lawsuit. When it comes to the state ed superintendent position, Louisiana is in an unprecedented spot. The state ed superintendent
How Trump's Harsh Education Cuts Undermine His Economic Growth Goals. By Shaun M. Dougherty, University of Connecticut The Trump administration has some ambitious goals that include trillions
The Trump Education Budget Will Dangerously Favor \Fast Food\ Teachers. With drastic cuts to education spending, the Trump administration will do irreversible damage to teacher quality nationwide.
Millennials Are Uncertain, Not Entitled. Stories about entitled, apathetic millennials just keep coming. A sense of entitlement is one of the diagnostic criterion
Poor And Middle-Income Families Need A Better Way Than 529s To Save For College. By Robert H. Scott III, Monmouth University and Steven Pressman, Colorado State University A college education is increasingly
An American's Reply To UMD Commencement Speaker Yang Shuping. Maybe we should worry less about what Yang said, and focus on bettering the world.
You've Graduated! Now What?. By
The Release Of The Education Budget. Sure, why not? Let\u2019s just kill most innovation in education in the name of school choice.
How To Dress Your Resume For The Job You Want (Not the Skills You Have). Before settling into my career as a professional college essay advisor and part-time acrobat (one of those things might not
Elite Universities Are Compromising Student Mental Healthcare Amid Heightened Stress Culture. There should be an overall awareness that not all students are privileged to stable mental health conditions.
We Can\u2019t Wait. Sexual harassment and assault are forms of sex discrimination and they occur at alarming rates in K-12 schools. Recent reports
Just Put My Degree In The Mail! -- Notre Dame And Bethune-Cookman, Class Of 2017. Ah, May! May is typically a busy month for most people. In May, we celebrate our mothers, kick off the summer holiday season
How Recent Grads Can Avoid The Most Common Entry-Level Mistakes. Be timely, communicative, and focused.
Why Don\u2019t My Students Want To Be Facebook Friends Any More?. In the waning days of high school, I find that my graduating seniors are honest, brutally honest, in fact. For the past half
Teachers At A Chicago Charter School Plan To Strike On May 25. On May 4, 2017, teachers, their assistants, and paraprofessionals at the Edgewater, Ill.-based Passages Charter School voted
Calif. High School Student Wins Election On Anti-Muslim 'Joke' Video. At what point does a racial joke go too far?
No Excuse Teaching. Our democracy depends on those of us who teach kids.
As Schools Adopt Social-Emotional Programs, A New Harvard Guide Offers Help. By Jane Meredith Adams Parents, teachers and students streamed into the library of Palo Alto\u2019s Gunn High School on a warm
BASIS. BASIS makes advanced, immersive coursework a requirement for all students, from pre-K through high school
Etiquette Tips For Celebrating Graduations. There are few milestones more celebration-worthy than a graduation. Whether moving on from high school or completing college
For A Moderate Conservative At UC Berkeley, A Battle On Two Fronts. Right now, I would settle just to be tolerated.
Betsy DeVos At Bethune-Cookman Commencement. I watched U.S. ed sec Betsy DeVos\u2019s\u00a023-minute speech to Bethune-Cookman grads on May 10, 2017. I do not envy DeVos the task
Can This Man Save Detroit Public Schools?. There are more than 130 charter schools in Detroit. In 2013, the district put 79 abandoned schools up for sale. Today, more
Happy Mother's Day To The Moms Who Teach. The history of great teachers is filled with mothers who have dedicated their lives to education.
9 Things Graduates Should Know About Post-College Work. Over the next few weeks many students will be graduating from colleges and universities and starting that tough search for
10 Things Every High School Senior Should Know Now. How do you know you\u2019re ready?
The Special Education Leader Who Taught Me What Compassion Looks Like\u2014In Switzerland. Earlier this week, I posted a story about ICS, the private Swiss school where my son with special needs, is now enrolled
Billionaire Cash Is Flooding Los Angeles To Push Trump-DeVos School Choice Agenda. The Trump administration hasn\u2019t been shy about its contempt for public education. The president himself once said he\u2019d close
Here\u2019s How Washington, D.C. Can Drive Innovation In Education Throughout the Country\u2014With No Strings Attached. There\u2019s a lot of banter about the substance and character of the 105th Congress. Perhaps because it\u2019s led by one party, and
The Elementary Education Of Donald Trump. In a Sirius Radio interview on Monday, May 01, 2017, Donald Trump offered journalist Salena Zito some (at best) puzzling
Preemptive Move Fails, Pearson Shareholders Turn On CEO. On Friday, a large majority of Pearson shareholders, in a non-binding vote, rejected a report granting a large raise and
I Was An Activist In College. I Still Am.. Twenty years ago, in the spring of 1997, I was starving. I was an undergraduate at the New School for Social Research, on
Signing Day For The Future Superstars Of Education. We have become accustomed to the scene of great high school athletes behind a table with multiple college hats in front of
Is PISA Data Worthless?. I have never been a huge fan of PISA data, the goulash of test results released internationally by the Organization for Economic
School Choice. A recent, comprehensive article in the New York Times titled, \u201cThe Broken Promises of Choice in New York City Schools,\u201d was
Flipping The Switch. What if boosting a toddler\u2019s brainpower was as easy as turning on a light switch? In fact, \u201cFlip the Switch\u201d is one of the
Testing Opt Out. One of the great contradictions within corporate ed reform is the promoting of \u201cparental choice\u201d that stops short of the
Why I Decided Not To Do A PhD. For most of my life, I\u2019d always expected that I would do a PhD. As a child, my Nanna called me \u201cProfessor,\u201d in part because
HuffPost Welcomes Honorary \Take Your Child To Work Day\ Bloggers!. As part of HuffPost\u2019s annual \u201cTake Your Child to Work Day\u201d festivities, we welcomed a group of budding young bloggers to
President Trump In The Eyes Of Kids, Parents And Teachers. For Diane Ravitch, one of the leading advocates of traditional public education, President Trump\u2019s first 100 days in office have been bleak.
Colleges Have Become Unsafe Spaces For Ideas. University should be a place where all ideas can and should be vigorously debated.
Teaching Gatsby Under Obama Was Eerie. Teaching It Under Trump Is Crushing. My lesson has turned from an academic contemplation of Fitzgerald\u2019s poetry and politics to a bitter reflection on the cruel realities of power.
Flawed Voucher Plans Foreshadow Trump Administration's School 'Reforms'. We already know what it looks like, and it does not deliver on its promises.
America's Charter Schools Have A Commitment Problem. Just google \charter school closes unexpectedly\ and watch the stories pile up.
7 Ways College Students Can Get Their Voice Heard. There is new dawn of political activism and engagement for America\u2019s young people (as well as old!). As a college student
L.A. School Board Puts Money And Lobbying Muscle Behind State Bills Drafted To Shackle Charter Schools. By Mike Szymanski After passionate debate and pleas from both charter school administrators and parents, the Los Angeles
Teaching College Through a Prison Telephone. By Christopher Zoukis Over the past two weeks, I have had the privilege of guest lecturing to a class of students at the
Trinity Lutheran v. Comer. By Carolyn Phenicie State efforts to expand school choice \u2014 everything from charter schools to tax credit scholarships to
An Indecent Budget Proposal. Apparently, the wealthiest Cabinet in U.S. history considers Meals on Wheels for seniors and programs to alleviate child hunger to be wasteful.
Why The Strategy To End Discrimination Against Asian Americans in Admissions Is All Wrong. Asian Americans face discrimination in the highly selective college admissions process. Sure, highly selective colleges will
Field Guide To Choice Advocates. You can use this handy field guide to determine what variety exactly you're dealing with.
10 Ways College Grads Can Make Their Resumes Stand Out. If you are one of approximately 1.8 million students receiving a bachelor\u2019s degree this year, you\u2019ve probably been working
Beyond The Prestige Race. Size, of course, matters.
Heroin Distributor Once Set Up Fake WV Prep School In Apartment. Reality television has nothing on modern day school scams. In 2011, Daniel Hicks created a fake school, ostensibly a boarding
Organizing Against The Trump/DeVos Mis-Education Agenda. The Network for Public Education is leading the campaign challenging the Trump/DeVos anti-public school agenda. According
What's The Future Of Corporate School Reform During The Trump Administration?. How will the technocrats who have driven school reform respond to this new environment?
The Alt-Right Curriculum. By Linda K. Wertheimer Dropping a handout with a photo on each student\u2019s desk, the teacher Kathryn Leslie asked the teens
Low-Income Students Are Vulnerable In A Shifting College Access Landscape. By consistently raising the standards, the state has pulled back resources for students who are most in need.
Schools Need Title IX Because The Criminal System Is Broken. The criminal justice system is intertwined with discrimination that enables violence.
Supporting Our International Student Community. This is a challenging time in which to be an international student \u2015 or a prospective student \u2015 at an American college or
'What\u2019s A White B*tch Like You Doing In A School Like This?'. A decade of teaching will produce more than good stories. It will produce insight, confidence, organization and high caliber teaching practices.
In Africa, For-Profit School Chain Plays Legal Hardball. When money is involved, big business gets mean. In Kenya, a multi-national for-profit private school company is using threats
How I Got Involved In Campus Safety As A Student Activist. Working this last month with Students Against House Bill 51 at the Georgia state Capitol has reminded me of my own time as
The Real Reason Students Shouldn't Sit In Class. A recent article in the New York Times discussed why children should be given opportunities for movement during class. I
Climate Change-Deniers 'Spam' Thousands Of Teachers With Anti-Global Warming Packages. \After teaching about #climatechange all day, it was kind that the Heartland Institute, an organization funded by petroleum, sent me this.\
Hannah Skandera Booted From Consideration As DeVos Assistant. According to Politico\u2019s March 23, 2017, Morning Education, controversial New Mexico education commissioner Hannah Skandera
Hovering Over the Precipice, Desperate Pearson Reaches Out. In January, Pearson\u2019s stock value dropped sharply when the company reported lower than expected profits, especially in its
Georgia Campus Sexual Assault Survivors And Advocates Oppose Last Minute Move To Pass Controversial Campus Rape Bill. Georgia\u2019s controversial House Bill 51, which would require colleges and universities to report rapes (and other felonies
Toronto Cancels U.S. Class Trips Due To Trump Travel Ban Concerns. A U.S. girls chorus also cited the executive order as the reason for aborting to visit Scotland.
A Striking Number Of College Students Are Hungry And Homeless. By Aria Bendix With university tuition and living costs on the rise, community colleges have become increasingly attractive
Director Of Christian Organization Calls On Christians To Support Public Schools. On February 07, 2017,\u00a0Andrea Reyes Ramirez, executive director of the Faith and Education Coalition \u2013 NHCLC,\u00a0published an
A Third Way for Universities. In higher education, people like to pick sides and stay there, often in the face of stubborn facts. Such is true of the ongoing
What Are Teachers Looking For When They Want To Leave Teaching?. Something has to change before it\u2019s too late. Aren\u2019t our children worth it?
Anti-Semitism's Threats Transcends The Jewish People. As president of Yeshiva University, the largest Jewish university outside the State of Israel, and as a human being, I am
Making Students Pledge To The Test. When it comes to the Big Standardized Tests, we know that one thing is important before all else\u2015 not the soundness of the
Free School Lunches Kept Me From Starving. I know from personal experience how out of touch Betsy DeVos and the conservatives are with real poverty in America.
The Myth Of The Liberal Campus. If liberal indoctrination were real, how did Betsy DeVos make it through college without adhering to a radical political agenda?
The Letter You Should Write to Your K-12 Schools. Just as the Civil Rights Movement was not a matter of water fountain segregation, the fight for equal LGBTQ rights is not a matter of bathroom use.
Schools Stand Up For Trans Students As GOP Withdraws Protections. \We have no intention of backing down no matter what President Trump does to discriminate against the LGBTQ community.\
I Am Not Hostile To Change. In fact, there are some changes that I would love to see.
In Annual Newsletter, Gates Goes Silent On Education. Each year, the Gates Foundation issues an annual newsletter touting what it perceives as the gains made by its spending. In
Betsy DeVos. President Trump has a new secretary of education and the headlines are overwhelmingly consumed with school choice issues
5 Tips For Talking History To Your Kindergartener. This Presidents\u2019 Day weekend, we\u2019re offering up a challenge to fellow parents of young children.
Conservatives Want Religion On Classroom Walls, Not In Classrooms. I would welcome additional education on religions in our schools, but actual instruction in religious studies would look very different than what the CNP is recommending
School Starts Too Early In The Morning, State Lawmaker Says. The average school day for middle and high school students in California starts at 8:07 a.m.
If Charter Schools Don\u2019t Reject This Doctrine, They\u2019ll Cease To Be Labs of Innovation. Regulations are strangling the charter sector. Panic struck the education establishment over the election of President Donald
Betsy DeVos And Public School Visits. U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos has started visiting public schools. On Friday, February 10, 2017, she was met by
Pennsylvania Legislature Plans To Take Away Teachers\u2019 Sick Days. Seriously. What did teachers ever do to you?
Tennessee Teacher Jessi Bohon\u2019s Viral Townhall Video Defends Obamacare\u2014\u201cStrong Pull Up The Weak\u201d. Around the country, from town hall to town hall, GOP officials are facing angry constituents. Why are they angry? Because
How A Betsy DeVos Department Of Education Could Lead To A Massive Transfer Of Public Funds Into The Private Sector. On Monday, January 30, 2017, hundreds of patient protectors braved the bitter New York City cold to stand firmly in defiance against the impending appointment of billionaire school-choice crusader Betsy DeVos, 58, for Secretary of Education.
Rethinking the College Mental Health Crisis. 
What Did We Learn From The Betsy DeVos Confirmation? Money Wins.. Never before has the public gone to such great lengths to denounce a cabinet nominee. It didn't work.
The Debacle At Berkeley. The violence at the UC Berkeley campus Wednesday night which cancelled the speech of alt-right provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos
Yale Reverses Course On Symbols Of White Supremacy. Months after a dining hall worker broke a window glorifying slavery at Yale\u2019s Calhoun\u2019s college, the university appears to
How Betsy DeVos Ignored And Targeted Michigan Republicans To Advance Her Hardline Education Ideology. \DeVos\u2019 views on public education are well outside the mainstream of either party.\
I Am A Public School Teacher. Give Me All The Refugees You\u2019ve Got!. It should be considered an honor for American schools to provide shelter to the world's downtrodden youth.
Appointing Betsy DeVos Is like Hiring A Football Coach Who Hates Football. Try a thought experiment with me. Let\u2019s say you\u2019re a Dallas Cowboys fan \u2015 I live in Texas, but please insert the name of
Donald Trump Says Our Schools Are 'Flush With Cash.' They\u2019re Falling Apart!. Donald Trump's claims that America's schools are over-resourced is both wrong and a harbinger of regression to come.
Betsy DeVos. In March 2015, U.S. secretary of education nominee gave this 9-page speech\u00a0entitled, \u201cCompetition, Creativity and Choice
Radically Flawed. Co-authored by Adam Kirk Edgerton, Lightning Jay, Elaine W. Leigh, and Katie Pak \u201cTraditional public schools are not succeeding
DeVos's Disqualifying Record. One year ago, Congress\u2014urged on by parents and educators\u2014reached a cease-fire in the education wars. After No Child Left
Safe Space versus Comfort Zone. This morning, I came upon a story that disturbed me and pushed me to reflect on the role of education in our current national
How Gender And Race Affect Education Today. This article was written by Kirah T., an Essex County, NJ Middle School Student. The following article is a part of a new
Get Unstuck. 
The Quick Search You Should Do in Your Rental  Property Due Diligence. 
Taking Control Of You and Your Journey. 
Silencing Milo. Every time the left tries to silence Milo instead of debate him, Milo wins.
New York Governor Unveils Plan To Help Lower Income Students Afford College. Gov. Andrew Cuomo says his proposal would alleviate the student debt burden.
Fake News, Social Media and the Downfall of the U.S.. As I have stated numerous times, a large part of our society only reads the headlines and reacts to these headlines as if
Dear Minnesota Football Players. Future victims now have to contend with the possibility that an entire community will turn against them.
The Desirable American Name. When did it become the norm for an American to forget about his identity?
Smoke and Mirrors. 
Jargon, Legalese And The Bluebook. U.S. Court of Appeals Judge Richard Posner knows a thing or two about the law. In 1981, President Ronald Reagan appointed
Betsy DeVos Is The Least Qualified Candidate For Secretary Of Education Ever. The nomination of Betsy DeVos to the post of Secretary of Education is such a bad choice that we don't even have to talk about actual policy ideas to understand how unsuited she is for the position
A Note To My Fellow Teachers -- 'They' Are On To Us. Dear Teacher Colleagues, I hope that you are all enjoying a relaxing break before heading back to school next week. A little
Three Black Heroines. 
How The State Of Education Will Affect The Global Landscape. 
The Global Search for Education. 
Paying the Price of Imperfect Information. 
Teaching And Learning In A Post-truth World. 
New Years Resolutions of Self-Growth for My Fellow 20-Somethings. 
The Global Search for Education. 
After My Injury, It\u2019s Time To Head Back To School. A lot of people these days take a gap year between high school and college to learn, explore, and mature. Some take a year
How Praise Became A Consolation Prize. By Christine Gross-Loh As a young researcher, Carol Dweck was fascinated by how some children faced challenges and failures
Where Do Schools Close Most Often For Weather?. By Hayley Glatter The superstitions for conjuring the snow-day cosmos on a blustery winter day are not to be taken lightly
To My High School Classmates Who Thought My Identity Was Worth Sacrificing. Making an effort instead of reinforcing tropes is a good starting point.
Answering Eisenhower\u2019s Call. International education programs and cultural understanding are as critical today as any time since Ike\u2019s challenge to American higher education.
What D.C. Schools Won\u2019t Report. On Dec. 5, 2016, retired D.C. teacher Erich Martel sent an investigation request to D.C.\u2019s Attorney General Karl Racine. In
Good News! We Can Cancel The Common Core Tests. Christopher Tienken (Seton Hall) has solved a mystery, and we can cancel the Big Standardized Test.
An Open Letter to the Secretary of Education Designate from Thousands of American Clergy. 
Special Education Case At Supreme Court Could Prove Costly For Schools. Schools and disabled students are pitted against each other in a Supreme Court case that could require higher standards for
Betsy DeVos And Her 2015-16 School Choice Yearbook. On November 23, 2016, President-elect Donald Trump nominated Betsy DeVos for U.S. Secretary of Education. DeVos is zealous
Letters To The College Athlete. Being a college athlete, you already have many things that demand your attention.
Professor Watchlist. The majority of those included on the Watchlist were classified as white males.
I\u2019m A Liberal Professor And My Conservative Students Terrify Me. When they fail, it's always personal.
K12 Schools Need To Know What Works. The challenges of analyzing purchasing decisions against student achievement are many.
University of Chicago Offers Students \Trump 101\ Class. If you live anywhere near a college campus these days, you\u2019ve seen it
Yes, Hamilton Was Magnificent, But Dinner With Voltaire Was Better. Hell\u2019s Kitchen, New York City. The night before Thanksgiving 2016. I am dining at a posh Italian restaurant just two blocks
Trump First Offered Jerry Falwell, Jr. U.S. Secretary Of Education Job. The Associated Press reported the following\u00a0on November 26, 2016
A Feminist Meets Fidel Castro. Can Women End War? A Feminist Meets With Fidel Castro I met him. I had a drink with him. I argued with him. Fidel Castro
The Global Search For Education. 
With President Trump As Top Role Model, Teachers Could Have A Lot of Explaining To Do. 
Teaching History In Trump's America. On Thursday November 10, I lectured my introductory history class about the election in a historical context. Many of my
Donald J. Trump\u2019s 'Vision' For Education. The American public knows little about President-elect Donald J. Trump\u2019s plans for education. However, Trump has posted
Teaching Trump. Jessica Lander, a teacher at a Boston-area high school and a good friend, published an essay in these pages the evening of
Experiencing This Mo(u)rning From A College Campus. How are we supposed to respond to this tragedy when some people believe this isn\u2019t a tragedy at all?
Law Schools Closing. Critics of legal education might be chortling that Indiana Tech University has announced it will close its new law school
This Election Decides Our Future For A Generation. This election is about more than the next four years.
Tri-Sector Athlete in Education. 
Reporter, Publication Held Liable In Rolling Stone Rape Story Lawsuit. The reporter was found liable with malice on six claims.
Giving Kids The Confidence To Learn Through Play. By imagining a post-apocalyptic world, kids build new skills!
Around The World In 30 Days. 
'I Was Naive' Says Subject Of Discredited Rolling Stone Rape Story. Columbia Journalism School described the story as \a journalistic failure.\
Did You Know I Dropped Out of High School?. Me, a high school dropout \u2014 who knew, right? It sounds comical, even now. Looking at me you would never assume this. But
Rolling Stone Defamation Trial. The 2014 story \u201cA Rape on Campus\ was debunked and retracted.
Campus Sexual Assault Investigations Continue. This is part two in a series where I examine sexual assaults on university campuses across the country. I advocate strongly
What All First-Generation College Students Must Know. Maybe I\u2019m just not meant to go to college, I remember thinking, in tears.
Rolling Stone Defamation Trial Over UVA Rape Story Begins. \A Rape on Campus
On Behalf Of The Amherst Men's Soccer Team. That is not our locker room.
Word Origin Comics. 
Don't Raise The Massachusetts Charter Cap Just Yet. We need to fix some problems associated with charter schools in Massachusetts before we raise the cap. So, no, I do not support raising the cap at this time. Let me explain why.
America's Schools Are Built For Tomorrow's Followers. The truth is that our education system won\u2019t change anytime soon, but you have the choice to understand its shortcomings and work around it.
Jimmy Carter, Donald Trump And Violence Against Women. In November of 2014 I attended a lecture by former President Jimmy Carter in Memorial Church at Harvard. He spoke about Violence
From Chennai To New York. Julia Gillard, Education Comissioner & Former Australian Prime Minister Kailash Satyarthi, Education Comissioner & Nobel
PA Charter Management CEO Not Publicly Accountable for \u201cSealed\u201d Sexual Harassment Settlement. A major problem with the charter school slogan, \u201ccharter schools are public schools,\u201d is that charter schools are operated
Remembering High School. 
Teaching The Not Visible. I have clarity about what I will teach, how I will teach and what my students will learn.
Arkansas Residents Jim And Alice Walton Pony Up $1,835,000 To Raise Charter Cap In Massachusetts. According to the September 09, 2016, filing of the Massachusetts ballot committee,\u00a0Yes on 2, billionaire Arkansas resident
8 Things The U.S. Must Do Now To Save Public Education. \u201cI hate reading.\u201d Ouch. I\u2019d rather walk across burning coal than to hear these words from the mouth of a student in my classroom
Educational Test Still Incentivizes Cheating. They just used the data to identify students whose numbers were probably going to be bad on the BS Test. Then they called those families and reminded them that they have the right to opt out of testing. Three dozen parents did so, helping the school skew its numbers a little higher.
The Future of Learning. 
Teaching the Greeks and Critical Thinking - Part 11. 
10 Things I Learned While Everyone Else Was Getting Married. The truth is nothing can complete someone but themselves.
Labor Day's  4 \Work\  Steps for Love. These steps do take work.  Effort.  From you both.  Try to keep these objectives on a low simmer in the back of your brain so you can use them as needed and often.  Do add some smiles and a sense of humor to the ways you know, and look at, and speak with one another.
Kaepernick, Sports, Politics, the Anthem, the Pledge, and Schools. I am a native New Yorkers so I have hated San Francisco sports teams since 1957 when the baseball Giants slinked away to the West Coast. But San Francisco 49er quarterback Colin Kaepernick is forcing me to reevaluate my fundamental sports fan nationalism.
Mad About Brock Turner? Maybe You Shouldn't Be.. This should surprise no one.
How To Figure Out What You Should Do For A Living. When you're 23, you don't know that being great at writing emails can be the framework for a job.
Modern Day Activists Call it 'Historic Trauma'. 
Judge Who Sentenced Brock Turner Quits Criminal Court. Judge Aaron Persky believes switching to civil court will reduce \distractions that threaten to interfere\ with his duties.
I Don't Use My Parents As A Piggy Bank, And Neither Should You. Parents, the best gift you can give your kids is financial education.
Stanford's New Hard Liquor Ban Actually Isn't Unusual. Such regulations have become more popular since Dartmouth College adopted a ban in 2015.
Graduate Students At Private Universities Can Now Unionize. A big decision against Columbia University could impact private universities throughout the country.
I\u2019m With Her, And So Should You!. On the whole, I think I\u2019m a pretty average college student. I go to class, go out on the weekends, and have Dominoes
Stop Blaming Teachers. I\u2019m a high school English teacher and the most important question I\u2019m asked each year has nothing to do with reading or writing
Why I Went To Summer Camp. I had no idea what I was getting myself into.
Dear Teachers. Dear Teacher, As you head back to school, I see you so fresh and eager, and I am so thankful for your energy. \u00a0Your profession
Choosing Sides On School Inclusion. Special education should be a service for children, not a place they are sent.
Art is essential, not extra. The arts are vital for everyone. Art can soothe us. And it can stretch us -- by exposing us to concepts we've never imagined before, or by leading us to wrestle with ambiguity, multiple interpretations or artistic expression that we find jarring.
Starr Leaves Baylor University Faculty Post After Sex Assault Scandal. The resignation is effective immediately.
A 'Slush Fund' At Mr. Jefferson's University?. Public higher education institutions often plead poverty, as many state legislatures have cut their support.  These reductions have, in turn, prompted many schools to shift more costs to students and their families, a scenario that partially explains the almost overnight explosion in student debt.
Set To Stun. Children are being Tasered by school-based police officers. No one knows how often it\u2019s happening or what impact it\u2019s having on students.
Data Complicates Student\u2019s Claim That Columbia Is Biased Against Men In Sexual Assault Cases. The university finds most accused students not responsible in campus rape cases.
Colleges Rarely Apologize For Mishandling Rape Cases, And Survivors Are Sick Of It. A social media campaign is demanding that schools do the \bare minimum\ by saying sorry.
Law Professors Defend Use Of Preponderance Standard In Campus Rape Cases. Arguing for a higher standard of proof would mean sexual harassment is treated differently than any other type of discrimination, they assert.
Are Professors Too Liberal?. Are college professors too liberal?  Do we need more conservative professors?  Has a lack of political diversity turned campuses into centers of liberal indoctrination?
These Researchers Are Trying To Take The Guesswork Out Of Combating Sexual Assault. For too long, colleges haven't tracked whether their policies and programs are effective.
What Redditors Wish They Knew Before Starting College. Major \ud83d\udd11 alert
On 50th Anniversary Of First Campus Mass Shooting, Texas Students Can Now Carry Guns. A grim way to mark half a century since the Bell Tower attack.
9 Things To Make The Most Out Of Your High School Senior Year. As the summer break nears its end, many of you will start off with our senior year of high school. Having graduated high
114 Colorado Professors Condemn Donald Trump's Rhetoric As He Speaks At UCCS Campus. The GOP candidate may have a legal right to speak, but he's awful, the professors say.
New Jersey Student Loan Agency To Staff. It\u2019s yet another obstacle for borrowers from the country\u2019s largest state-based college loan program.
Who's Fighting For College For The Forgotten Majority?. Adult college students are struggling too.
Democrats Want To Open More Doors To College, But Can They Help Students Graduate?. It's unclear if the Democratic Party platform could actually increase the number of low-income Americans earning college degrees.
Debt-Free College Isn't As Simple As Waiving Tuition. If you're going to a public college, tuition is only one part of your financial worries.
The Work of White Educators. In the next couple of weeks, teachers where you live will come back from the beach or the mountains or their gardens or their
The Global Search for Education. 
How Paul Tough's Helping Children Succeed Helped this Teacher Better Understand Our Craft. 
College Presidents In Cleveland Would Rather Not Talk About Donald Trump. Most have nothing to say about the man being nominated for president in their city.
The Republican Plan For Higher Education. \u201cRepublicans are very concerned that we get a good return on the money we are spending.\u201d
Should Schools Ban Cellphones?. Mr. MacNeil has taken steps in the past to prevent use, including the purchase of a cell phone jammer.
My Mom Was A Unionized Public School Teacher. That's Why I'm A Reformer. An earlier version of this column was published as \u201cWhy Teachers Have No Voice\u201d at Dropout Nation. \u00a0 Fortunately, reform
Nation's Largest Teachers Union Endorses Teaching \Climate Justice\. There remains an enormous gulf between the severity of the climate crisis and the attention given the crisis in U.S. schools and in widely used text material.
Yale Worker Facing Felony Charge For Breaking Stained-Glass Window Depicting Slaves. \u201cIt\u2019s 2016, I shouldn\u2019t have to come to work and see things like that.\u201d
Students From Donald Trump's Alma Mater. Some 1,400 students and alumni from the Wharton School condemned the GOP candidate's \prejudice and intolerance.\
For White People Who Believe Colorblindness Is Enough. If we don\u2019t see race, we can\u2019t see racism.
I Graduated. Where's My Job?. Nowadays, most college students are so busy attending classes and working full or part-time, that they are not always thinking
Transgender Men Now Allowed To Join One Of Nation's Oldest Fraternities. \We hope this opens the door to further discussion about inclusivity.\u201d
Major LGBT Rights Group Condemns Harvard Policy On Final Clubs. Campus Pride says students should have the right to join the influential single-sex organizations.
Obama, Biden Won't Visit Universities That Fall Short In Addressing Sexual Assault. The vice president said he'd like to take away federal funding from those universities.
Great Generosity Mindset | Motivational. 
Michigan Schools. Misguided state education policy extends further than just the budget.
UCLA Professor Accused Of Sexually Harassing Grad Students Is Returning. History professor Gabriel Piterberg took a European fellowship while he was serving a suspension.
Rolling Stone Wins Lawsuit Dismissal Over Debunked UVA Rape Story. Rolling Stone apologized for \discrepancies\ in the article, but 3 members of a UVA fraternity claimed it harmed them.
Thomas Pogge Has 'Done Damage' To Yale Philosophy Department, Colleague Says. More professors are vowing to not work with the well-known philosophy professor in light of recent allegations of sexual harassment.
Is Higher Education Suffering a Crisis of Budget, Buildings or Failure to Adapt?. 
Psychology Superheroes in a California School District. 
From the Ugliest Color to Significant Others. 
How to Answer the Common Application Essay for College Admissions. 
This Bronx Educator Reminds Us Why Good Teachers Are Simply The Best. Lisa Barnshaw reminds us why amazing teachers are so important.
An Alarming Number Of Cal State Students Go Hungry, And The University Is Trying To Find Ways To Help. The university system is hosting a conference this week to figure out how to address the problem.
The Best Advice From Obama's Commencement Speeches As President. Let's recap what he told grads over the past 8 years.
How Feminist Academics Dealt With An Ethics Professor Accused Of Harassment. Philosophy professors have worked behind the scenes for years to warn people about allegations against Thomas Pogge.
The Way We Learn Today Is Just Wrong. Over 155 million Americans play video games, and spend upwards of 3 billion hours per week engrossed in a game.
Dear Graduate. We can acknowledge the past, honor and celebrate it, but we shouldn\u2019t get stuck there.
Facing The Coach That Gave My Rapists A One-Game Suspension. In a few days I will board a plane to Lincoln, Nebraska. As the day draws near I find myself becoming more anxious and emotional
Wharton Class of 2016 Graduation Speech. \Do not forget how blessed we have been and that what ignites true happiness is giving back.\
Vanderbilt Rape Trial Finds Brandon Vandenburg Guilty. He could face up to 25 years in prison for the rape of an unconscious woman in 2013.
Valencia College Mourns 7 Of Its Students Killed In Pulse Nightclub Shooting. The college president urges hugs and support for Hispanic, LGBT and Muslim students impacted by the attack.
Prosecutor In Rape Trial. But his defense attorney blames it all on drinking and partying.
Ken Burns Offers Blistering Takedown Of Donald Trump In Stanford Commencement Speech. \Asking this man to assume the highest office in the land would be like asking a newly minted car driver to fly a 747.\
'A House Divided Against Itself Cannot Stand'. You are the latest generation and you are, whether you are yet aware of it or not, charged with saving our Union.
Stanford Sexual Assault. The rape survivor support group meeting at Stanford University on Tuesday started with birthday cake. But when the sweets
Brock Turner Lied About His Past With Drugs And Alcohol. He said he \never really\ used alcohol. Court records show otherwise.
UCLA To Launch Taskforce Into Campus Shooting. (Reuters) - A week after a gunman shot and killed a UCLA professor and then himself, the university has begun a security
Students Want Stanford To Apologize For Brock Turner's Sexual Assault. A petition with nearly 60,000 signatures says the university should acknowledge its role in the campus attack.
Ohio State University Disciplines 85 Veterinary Students For Cheating. (Reuters) - Eighty-five students have been disciplined for cheating on quizzes and tests at Ohio\u00a0State University veterinary
Festival Drops Band Whose Drummer Supported Brock Turner. Good English's drummer blamed political correctness for the ex-Stanford swimmer's sexual assault conviction.
Former Football Star Brian Banks, Who Served Five Years For Rape He Didn\u2019t Commit, Disgusted By Brock Turner Ruling. Brian Banks, a promising high school football player who had committed to play at Southern Cal, was an innocent man accused
Commencement Speakers Remind Grads It's OK To Take Their Time. There will be good and bad times, but it's worth living through it all.
Here Is The Powerful Letter The Stanford Victim Read Aloud To Her Attacker. A former Stanford swimmer who sexually assaulted an unconscious woman was sentenced to six months in jail because a longer
The Global Search for Education. 
This Year's Commencement Speakers Want Grads To Try A Little Peace, Love And Understanding. Our civil discourse has gone off the rails, and it's up to the Class of 2016 to help fix it.
Oregon State University To Open A Dorm For Recovering Addicts. Students in recovery for drug or alcohol addiction will have a new housing option just for them.
The 'Heartbreaking' Messages From 9-Year-Olds In The Age Of Trump. \I am worried that the next president will bring back racism.\
University Of Akron President Resigns After Financial Controversies. The university once spent $556 on an olive jar for his home.
Do College Students Care More About Mental Health Than Administrators?. Non-profit organizations have been created to help college administrations better respond to mental health challenges.
Around the World in 30 Days - May 2016. 
Harry Edwards Tells Graduates To Become The Next 'Greatest Generation'. \Always remember, a struggle is not easy \u2013 that is why it is called a 'struggle' rather than a 'picnic.'\
Harry Connick, Jr. Tells Grads. Uncertainty can be a benefit.
The Global Search for Education. 
States Investing The Most In Higher Education. The total cost of attending college in the United States has risen dramatically in recent decades \u2014 faster than inflation
A Harvard Grad's Mom Once Lit His Hand On Fire. Here's What He Learned From That.. That event 15 years ago helped inspire his career goals.
Arianna Huffington. Also, it's rude.
University Of Oregon Fraternity Suspended After Trashing Lake Shasta During Wild Party Weekend. \My personal guess is they have no respect for mankind.\
Univision Anchor Booed At Commencement After Speaking Spanish, Mentioning Trump. Graduates reportedly yelled things like \Trash!\ and \Get off the stage!\
College Chancellor Decides His Cell Phone Is More Important Than Graduation. A professor said he used it for 40 minutes while onstage!
The Big Uneasy. What\u2019s Roiling The Liberal-Arts Campus?. At Oberlin, it started in December, when the temperatures ran high, although the weeping willows and the yellow poplars that
Arianna Huffington Tells Grads They Must 'Recharge And Refuel' To Show Real Leadership. If you don't take care of yourself, you aren't going to be able to help others, she said.
Change the Game for Girls in STEM. 
Failure to invest in education is penny wise, pound foolish. 
UW Madison Frat Suspended Over Racial Slurs. The university said the SAE chapter created an environment that breeds discrimination.
Designing Ways To Move Beyond Diversity On Campus. How a liberal arts college attracted students from all walks of life -- and decided that wasn\u2019t enough.
Mount Holyoke Commencement Speaker Thanks Activists For Their 'Disruption'. \You\u2019ve challenged the forces of racism by disrupting the veneer of complacency, to speak the truth.\
The #SleepRevolution College Tour Hits Over 300 College Campuses. When the #SleepRevolution College Tour launched in April,\u00a050 college campuses signed on to host fairs, pajama parties and
Condoleeza Rice Tells Grads To Find People They Disagree WIth. \Don\u2019t allow yourself the easy course of the constant amen to everything that you say.\u201d
UC Berkeley Wins #SleepRevolution Tour's Biggest Prize. Nap your hearts out, Bears!
Cory Booker To GWU Grads. The New Jersey senator urged the Class of 2016 to push for a better world.
Sheryl Sandberg Talks About Husband's Death In Personal Commencement Speech. \For months, no matter what I did, it felt like the crushing grief would always be there.\
Honoring Our Past and Inspiring Our Future. The American Federation of Teachers reached a significant milestone this week
Giving Teenagers Weapons is NEVER a Solution. A few days ago, a story came across my news feed that I was sure was not true. Apparently, a school district in North Carolina has changed their handbook so that high schoolers are allowed to carry pepper spray with them to school.
Millennial Grads Refuse to Let Ignorance Triumph. For the long game, place your bets on this year's graduating class. Their immediate prospects may have been hobbled by standardized tests and a rigged economy. But when push comes to shove, they know what matters. They understand the virtues of compassion and courage.
Professors Are Being Forced To Reveal Sexual Assault Confidences, Like It Or Not. Many colleges are adopting mandatory reporting policies.
Military College Citadel Denies American Muslim's Hijab Request. \The Commandant of Cadets, after considerable review, determined the uniform exception cannot be granted.\
Colleges Pressured By Feds To Avoid Asking About Criminal Records On Applications. The Education Department wants colleges to \ban the box.\
Bill Clinton Tells Grads To Focus On The Future, Not On Getting Even For The Past. The 42nd president called for unity during his commencement speech.
Oliver Stone Warns UConn Grads. \You may have hidden talents, skills, passions, you just don't recognize them yet.\
Penn State President 'Appalled' By Media Coverage Of Paterno Cover-Up Allegations. Eric Barron says he's \appalled by the rumor, innuendo and rush to judgment that have accompanied the media stories surrounding these allegations.\
Teacher Sets Her Students The Funnest Homework Assignments Ever. Watch TV, see friends, read books and eat ice cream!
Podcast. 
Beating Of Black Iowa Student Investigated As A Hate Crime. The 19-year-old had his front teeth knocked out and needed a dozen stitches.
Georgia Governor Vetoes Guns On Campus Bill. No one bothered to address his concern that guns could be taken into daycare centers on campuses.
University Of California Regent Violated Ethics Rules, Review Finds. A secret 2015 report found that a doctor on the UC board of regents tried to negotiate a deal between his eye clinics and UCLA, and engaged in discussions in which he had a financial interest. He denied wrongdoing but resigned as chair of the regents\u2019 health committee.
Michael Bloomberg Slams 'Safe Spaces' And 'Trigger Warnings' In Speech To College Grads. A cranky Boomer tells Millennials to toughen up.
How to Be the Change - An Interview with Dr. Thomas McGovern. Instead of wishing for change in the world, he is making change, and the formula he shares with others is simple; seize the opportunity to lead, innovate, find your passion, and resonate. He's Thomas McGovern, a leader in change.
Yale Keeps Residential College Named After White Supremacist. \u201cWe cannot erase American history but we can confront it, teach it, and learn from it,\ the university president said.
How To Get Students On The Autism Spectrum To Succeed In College. One program shows how a little support goes a long way
UC Davis Chancellor Linda Katehi Placed On Leave Over Claims Of Ethics Violations. Katehi has come under scrutiny since the Sacramento Bee published documents it said showed the university paid consultants to quash negative posts about the school.
Commencement 2016 Lineup. \ud83c\udf93\ud83c\udf93\ud83c\udf93\ud83c\udf93\ud83c\udf93
Why Lots of Love (or Motivation) Isn't Enough. If we know better, why do so many of us act as if things like love, motivation, self-esteem, and internalization come in only one variety? Might we focus on how much of \it\ someone has because of our culture's preoccupation with quantification and data?
Massachusetts Unveils First U.S. College Tuition Rebate Program. Massachusetts on Thursday unveiled what state officials called the first initiative in the country to offer tuition rebates
Kansas State Refused To Investigate Sexual Assaults Because They Happened Off-Campus, Lawsuit Says. Both women suing the school said they were raped at fraternity events.
UC Davis Chancellor Apologizes For Trying To Scrub Pepper Spray Incident From Google. But she hasn't heeded the calls for her to resign.
University Apologizes For Telling The Wrong Students They'd Been Accepted. Apology, accepted?
College Paper Ad Warns Prospective Students That Rape Could Be Part Of The Price Of Admission. A print ad appearing in Harvard University\u2019s student newspaper on Saturday has a controversial message for students
How the Teacher Shortage Could Turn Into a Crisis. The last 15 years have been marked by top-down education policies that promoted testing over teaching, competition over collaboration, austerity over investment, and scapegoating teachers rather than valuing them. The Every Student Succeeds Act, the new federal education law, moves us in the right direction, but past policies have left their mark.
Test-Driven Teacher Evaluations Strike Out. 
How We Talk About Race. People who insist that bigotry is mere ignorance are mistaken, albeit hopeful. If bigotry were mere ignorance, its practitioners would reform upon being educated. But there are too many troubling instances in which bigots prove incorrigible.
Assessing Our Children to Death. Imagine a world where a poem was judged by the number of characters per line or the font in which it was published, or a violin concerto reviewed in terms of its precise conformance to metronomic beats or the posture of the violinist. This is what we are doing to education
California Lawmakers Want UC Davis Chancellor To Resign. SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A California lawmaker on Thursday joined at least three of his colleagues in seeking the resignation
These Are The College Campuses Dotted With Hateful Pro-Trump Graffiti. People have chalked things like \Deport them all\ and \Build that wall\ in public spaces.
Trojan Condoms Is On A National Consent Campaign On College Campuses. #AskforConsent
Michelle Obama Gave Sasha And Malia Some Great College Advice. \u201cI don\u2019t want them to think, \u2018Oh I should go to these top schools.\u2019\
How Students Decorated Their Dorm Rooms In 1900. Established in 1845 by the final Congress of the Republic of Texas, Baylor University in Waco is the state\u2019s oldest continually
#SleepRevolution College Tour Gets Students Thinking About Zzzs. Snooze on, students!
Stanford Refuses Call For A New Sexual Assault Survey. Students claim the last survey produced a distorted picture of the reality on campus.
What People On Campus Are Saying About HuffPost's College Sleep Tour. \ud83d\ude34
Eileen Soon. 
\How Do Asian Americans Advocate for Equality Without Throwing Other People of Color Under the Bus?\. That was the compelling question I heard at the recent Advancing Justice conference in Los Angeles. I doubt there is an answer, a satisfactory answer anyway. But above all, I appreciate the discussion, and, because a certain response would be more confident than correct, I offer a set of observations.
Yale Could Rename Calhoun College. Why Hasn't It Made A Decision Yet?. Under Peter Salovey, the Yale Corporation gains influence. And it's slowing things down.
Why The Huffington Post Is Going On A Sleep Tour On College Campuses. The motto \Sleep, grades, social life
Live-Blogging The #SleepRevolution College Tour. At over 50 campuses across America, we are partnering with major brands to start a cultural conversation around sleep\u2019s importance.
More Berkeley Professors Shown To Have Violated Sexual Misconduct Policy. New documents revealed sexual misconduct at the university involving twelve staff members.
UVA's 'Jackie' From Discredited Rolling Stone Article To Be Deposed In Lawsuit. A dean claims the magazine defamed her in the article as a villain in Jackie's case.
George Mason Tweaks Scalia Law School Name Over Unfortunate 'ASSoL' Acronym. Sophisticated humor.
Princeton Won't Distance Itself From Woodrow Wilson. However, the university said it \needs to be honest and forthcoming about its history.\
How One Tiny Vermont College Is Taking On Big Agriculture. A small school uses its \large voice\ to call for a new approach to farming.
Teacher Pipeline Still Drying Up. There has never been a lower percentage of college freshmen interested in teaching. I'm not sure that anybody is surprised by the collapse of the teacher pipeline. But for the sake of completeness, let's rattle off most likely culprits for those people who are actually uncertain how such a thing could happen.
The Vitality of Collegiate Recovery. There has never been a more critical time to support the widespread establishment of collegiate recovery programs (CRPs)
Note to Asian Americans. I am ticked off whenever it occurs
UC Berkeley Announces Another Sexual Assault Task Force, And A Review Board For Sanctions. But after multiple federal complaints and lawsuits, some students are skeptical of another task force on sexual assault.
It Just Got Easier For Detroit Students To Pay For College. Some rare good news for kids in the struggling school district.
Will Charters Really Try to Replace Suspensions With Win-Win Alternatives?. 
Why More Americans Should Study Abroad. 
How A For-Profit College Targeted The Homeless And Kids With Low Self-Esteem. Perhaps you remember Corinthian Colleges. It was the country\u2019s second largest chain of for-profit colleges, before it collapsed
Paul Nungesser's Suit Against Columbia Over Mattress Protest Is Dismissed. Emma Sulkowicz's art project received international attention, and he insists the school should have done something about it.
A Hack for Improving High School. 
The Overselling of Ed Tech. Some people seem to be drawn to technology for its own sake -- because it's cool. This strikes me as an unpersuasive reason to spend oodles of money, particularly since the excitement is generated and continually refreshed by companies that profit from it.
Best School Day. Too many students don\u2019t have the resources they need. Today, we start to change that.
Melissa Click Appeals Her Firing From Mizzou. The board \bowed to conservative voices that seek to tarnish my stellar 12-year record,\ she says.
Asian Americans Need to Own Their Identities and Start Standing Up for Themselves. It's so ironic that a culture that cares so much about concepts like honor does so little to actively address affronts on their dignity. Asian culture emphasizes stability, but seems to undervalue the sanctity of feeling safe and empowered in one's own skin.
Texas A&M Student Who Allegedly Taunted Black High School Kids Has Left Campus. One student was suspected of making racially charged comments, according to initial reports.
'Till It Happens To You' A Capella Covers Are Going To Give You Chills. Students are making covers to spread awareness about sexual assault, and they are hauntingly good.
Are Publicly Funded Charter Schools Accountable to Parents and Taxpayers? Apparently Not.. They are private citizens who get to spend taxpayer dollars to educate children. They argue that the market will determine success.  Unfortunately, they get to define what success looks like -- not the public whose taxes fund the school, nor voters who are the ultimate policy makers in a democratic society.
Middlebury Bans Energy Drink Sales, Citing Link To 'High-Risk Sex'. A student argued that selling the drinks on campus promoted a culture of stress and bad work habits.
Title IX Official Resigns After Being Accused Of Sexual Assault. An Indiana University Bloomington administrator was accused of assaulting an NYU student conduct official.
Unique Job for Teens Leads to Full-Ride College Scholarships. Caddying offers more than merely employment for young men and women. It affords exposure to successful role models, new friends and life lessons. Better yet, it gives those who might not otherwise have the opportunity to attend college a chance at a higher education.
UW-Whitewater Chancellor Reprimands Students After Mistaking Skincare Product For Blackface. Two students trying to improve their skin were condemned in a campus-wide email as \racist.\
These Startups Want To Create College Media Powerhouses. Several new websites are challenging  \dinosaurs\ at campus newspapers, as they overhaul reporting on campus.
Purdue University Staffer Quits Amid Furor Over Rape Threat Claim. The employee said an anti-abortion group fabricated the threats and the university took sides against him.
Outdated Pell Rules May Discriminate Against Low-Income Students. Federal grants cannot be used for many post-secondary courses that lead to good jobs.
Mizzou Chancellor Condemns 'Verbal Assault' By Melissa Click During Homecoming Parade. New footage emerged of the controversial professor clashing briefly with police in October.
Not the Disruption We Need. It's one thing for a board to hire a president who can incite necessary change; it's quite another to pour gasoline all over the house.
Hank Aaron. On the playing field, Hank Aaron smashed through racial barriers and ignored racist death threats and hate mail when he broke Babe Ruth's long time \sacred record\ for home runs on April 8, 1974.
Why Sororities Are Creating Campaigns To Challenge Stereotypes. They're not letting any pushback hold the campaigns down, either.
Fallout Continues In Student Conduct Group's Sexual Assault Case. The accuser says an investigation into her claims was handled \unfairly.\
College President Fires Professors Who Criticized His 'Drown The Bunnies' Comment [UPDATE]. \You just have to drown the bunnies ... put a Glock to their heads,\ the school's leader apparently told professors.
Professor To 'Part Ways' With College Over Comments About Islam. Professor Hawkins said Christians and Muslims \worship the same God.\
Higher Education Group Roiled By Sexual Assault Claim Against Board Member. The organization trains administrators to handle sexual misconduct cases on campus.
Leaked Racist Emails Reveal 'Toxic' Culture At University Of Chicago Fraternity. Alpha Epsilon Pi fraternity members at the University of Chicago referred to a Muslim student-activist on campus as a \u201cterrorist
Runaway Goat! Search For University Research Animal Enters Fifth Day. School officials say the goat is in \excellent health and poses no public health risk.\
College Students Are Listing Their Dorms On Airbnb, And Getting In Trouble For It. We found listings for dorm rooms at campuses in New York, Philly and Chicago.
University Of Delaware Police Release Drake Parody. \You can call us on your cell phone whenever you need our help.\
In Boston, Student MBTA Passes Are an Equity Issue. It's no secret that the T is suffering from significant financial and structural problems, including a $242 million budget deficit and aging trains that often fail to run in cold and snowy conditions. But many parents are already struggling to send their children to school, and finding the extra money for a fare hike seems like an unfair burden.
How a Homestay Will Make Your Experience Abroad Richer. Many students are deterred from opting for a homestay when weighing their study abroad choices, simply because they don't want to live with strangers. However staying with a local family, living and breathing the culture and being a participant in your new country will make your experience so much more beneficial in all aspects of your trip.
Swearing an Oath -- Part 1. Since taking their oath, many governors have begun to close public schools.  By violating their oath in so public a manner, they have shown that perjuring themselves means nothing to them, as does the fact that their first act in office was an act of perjury.
Mizzou Professor Who Called For 'Muscle' Against Student Reporter Suspended. She's also been charged with misdemeanor assault.
Mizzou Chancellor Says He's Not Going To Rush To Fire Melissa Click. Due process must play out for the tenured professor, he says.
What Are States Going To Do To Make Higher Ed More Affordable?. Students who applied early to the University of New Hampshire will know by the end of the month if they were accepted. Then
FSU Settles Lawsuit Over Jameis Winston Rape Allegations. The school allegedly covered up a rape to protect the prized football program.
Stanford Has A Trust Problem When It Comes To Sexual Assault. Activists and student government leaders say the school is putting its public image above fixing the problem.
Professor Says She Was Fired Unconstitutionally For Cursing. Teresa Buchanan's lawsuit against LSU blames the federal government for her termination.
These 100,000 School Children Face Airport-Style Security Screening Every Day. The screenings still take place despite turning up few weapons and a major drop in crime rates.
Obama Administration Wants To Expand The Pell Grant Program By $2 Billion. Some students could get a reward for taking at least 15 credits a semester.
'Whiteness History Month' Stirs Up Controversy At Oregon College. It's not what you think.
Bard College Now Facing 3 Federal Complaints Over Sexual Assault. Recent allegations say the college referred to choking as \erotic asphyxiation without consent.\
Hillary Clinton Gets Very Little Support On Yik Yak During Democratic Debate. Yik Yak posts show young voters are \feeling the Bern\ and aren't big fans of Hillary.
Testing the Teacher. I'm not even good at math, but here's my statistical probability prediction
12 Great Reasons to Study Abroad. Studying abroad widens your perspective of the world. By integrating yourself into a community and culture different from your own, you gain a better understanding of the world and that can make you a more empathetic and well-rounded person overall.
UMD Reviewing Study That Suggests Chocolate Milk Can Help Football Players Who Had Concussions. University officials said not to rely on what they stated in their press release.
People Are Complaining To The Wrong Wheaton College. *head desk*
Aristocracy Or Meritocracy? Just 3 Percent Of Kids At Top Colleges Are Low-Income. The admissions process at prestigious universities tends to favor the well-off.
Ithaca College President Announces Retirement After Campus Protests. Students demanded Tom Rochon's retirement for his handling of racial tensions on campus.
UVA's Jackie Must Turn Over Documents Related To Rolling Stone Rape Story. CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) -- A young woman at the center of a debunked article in Rolling Stone magazine about a campus gang
Another College Takes Back Bill Cosby Honorary Degree. The entertainer's lawyers sought to dismiss criminal charges in suburban Philadelphia.
These Are The States Where College Students Are Hardest Hit By Tuition Hikes. 
The Global Search for Education. 
Professor Threatened With Firing Says Wheaton College Is Changing The Rules. She challenged the Christian college's version of events in a news conference Wednesday.
Forget Pundits, This Is What People On Yik Yak Say About Obama's Gun Control Action. These posts on an app popular on college campuses provide a glimpse into how students feel about the announcement.
Law School Sends Acceptance Emails To Thousands Who Never Applied. Who needs the LSATs?
Penn State Frat Won't Face Criminal Charges For Hazing. HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan 5 (Reuters) - Members of a Penn State University fraternity will not face criminal charges for hazing
What Three College Presidents Learned From Campus Racism Protests. Students aren't naively demanding that colleges make the world perfect, these leaders say.
9 Moves Every Twenty-Something Should Make to Be More Successful. Your 20s can be a decade-long stint in the waiting room of life. However it is important to point out that your 20s isn't a throwaway decade. What you do matters allot. Here are 9 ways to make the most of these exciting but unsettled years
These Are Messages Sexual Assault Survivors Want You To Hear. A new app is helping victims regain their voice.
Higher One Must Repay Millions To Students Over 'Deceptive' Financial Aid Practices. Regulators say the campus debit card giant failed to tell students how to avoid fees related to their financial aid.
Education Policies Worthy of the Name 'Reform'. This new law can create positive change. States will now take the lead on accountability, interventions and teacher evaluation systems. While some states will mess up, we hope most will learn from the failures of NCLB and give teachers and schools the latitude and support to deeply engage students and to focus on the whole child.
Bernie and Bloat. Is administrative bloat real?  And to what extent is growth in administrative salary lines responsible for the increased cost of higher education?
Faculty Sharply Divided On Mounting Cost Of College Athletics. At universities outside \power\ conferences, deep concern about the huge sports tab, HuffPost's survey reveals
University Moves To Fire Professor Who Is Sandy Hook Truther. BOCA RATON, Fla. (AP) \u2014 Florida Atlantic University has taken steps to fire a professor who has repeatedly raised questions
Actually, Some People Do Wish They Slept More In College. And plenty of campuses are busting the myth that sleep is just time wasted.
Why The Founder Of The Notorious Bored@Baker Finally Shut The Site Down. Despite the cesspool of a website at one campus, he thinks there's a way to build positive communities elsewhere.
The Re-Education of Justice Scalia. Justice Scalia should know better; if nothing other than judicial temperament could guide him, he should know that a wise judge must think twice before opening his mouth to say something really stupid and highly prejudicial in front of the parties arguing their case before him.
Yale Concludes SAE Fraternity Didn't Have A Racist Halloween Party. Were members aggressive and disrespectful? Yes. But not racist.
Gun Advocates Plan Mock Shooting At University Of Texas In Austin. The campus was the site of the first mass shooting on an American college campus.
Yale Faculty Member Who Wrote Controversial Halloween Email Stops Teaching. Her email was tame, but the backlash became too much.
Fraternity Surprises 12-Year-Old Cancer Patient In Most Adorable Way. Bravo, Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Bravo.  \ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f
Campus Ministry To GOP Lawmakers. Clergy, faculty and students are sticking up for the University of Tennessee's efforts to be inclusive.
Ivy League Universities Drop The Term 'Master'. Amid debates about systemic racism, elite schools make a symbolic change.
Arts Based Learning of STEM Works Says NSF Funded Research Firm. At this point, the debate in America about art and science is coming to a conclusion 
Will Every Student Succeed? Not With This New Law. I will be glad to see NCLB left behind and RTTT stopped, but I do not see how ESSA is a victory for education in the United States. Does anyone believe that low-funded poorly performing states like Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana, New Mexico and West Virginia, will create meaningful accountability systems and tests that will expose the low quality public education they offer Black and Latino students?
Rural Colleges Are The Best. Our small towns are vibrant hubs for innovation and creative collaborations because we all need to pull together to tackle community issues.
Liberty University President. \Let's teach them a lesson if they ever show up here.\
The Global Search for Education. 
Fraternity Group Declares 'A New Day' With Reform Package. The trade organization plans a PR blitz and wants fraternities to speak with a \unified\ voice.
National Fraternity Group Plans To Keep Up Lobbying Efforts. Following \constant media scrutiny,\ fraternities are plotting to launch a \sophisticated\ public relations effort in the coming years.
Man Arrested For Allegedly Making Threats Against Black Students At Western Washington University. The male student was booked into jail on suspicion of felony malicious harassment.
Charter Bus Carrying College Students Overturns, Injuring Dozens. RICHMOND, Va. (AP) \u2014 A charter bus carrying college students to three Virginia campuses overturned, leaving one person seriously
'Dorm Room Chemist' Pleads Guilty In Wesleyan Drug Overdoses. He sold the drug from his dorm room and counseled students on how to take them.
Free Community College Is Already Happening In Red And Blue States. Several different programs across the country could show us how to get every high school student the option of free community college.
Gun Threat Prompts Class Cancellation At University Of Chicago. \It was pretty specific in terms of time and place.\
FSU Official Says Athletes Get Favorable Treatment. Most sexual assault victims don't press charges due to fear, she says.
30 People Were Injured In A Bloody Pillow Fight At West Point, So It's Banned Now. Plebes suffered injuries like a broken nose, fractured cheek and multiple concussions.
University Of Kentucky Will Cover Controversial Mural. LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) -- University of Kentucky President Eli Capilouto has decided to cover a campus mural from 1934 that
Western Washington University Shuts Down Due To Racist Threat And Online Hate Speech. \I need to be very clear here
Princeton Students Protest Protesters. Some students are fighting back against attempts to highlight Woodrow Wilson's racist legacy.
Florida Frat Suspended After Woman Dies After Attending Their Party. She had gone to a formal event at a hotel off-campus.
University Of Kansas Professor Investigated For Racial Slur. Students say Andrea Quenette made \deeply disturbing remarks\ during a class discussion about race.
Missing Maryland College Student Who Prompted Campus Closure Found Dead. He was wanted on four charges after displaying an antique gun at his frat house.
Castleton University Would Like Its Mascot Costume Back. It's been gone for a month.
Brown University Will Spend $100 Million To Improve Race Relations. PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) -- Brown University says it plans to spend $100 million over the next decade to address diversity and
The Global Search for Education. 
This University President Is Sick of Reading About Pampered, Coddled Students. It must be easier for conservative columnists to fret about those crazy students instead of focusing on the intellectual wasteland sprouting from what was supposed to be their think tank driven \revolution of ideas.\ These writers are aghast that students from groups long discriminated against aren't just grateful to their institutions for allowing them on campus.
Pearson GERM in the Philippines Is a Scare Story for the Rest of the World. 
If You Have One of These Degrees, You Could Save Thousands by Refinancing Student Loans. Graduates with master's degrees in fine arts, education, business administration or social work also stand to save thousands of dollars.
An Open Letter to Florida State University President Thrasher. We respectfully but emphatically disagree with your criticisms of our film The Hunting Ground. Instead of making unwarranted and unsubstantiated attacks on the film, we urge you to take a leadership role in addressing the problem of sexual assault that exists on your campus and far too many others.
Your College Dean Might Be Spying On Your Yik Yak Posts. Most college officials surveyed say they monitor social media feeds.
University Of North Dakota Picks 'Fighting Hawks' To Replace Native American Nickname. The NCAA said their old nickname was \hostile and abusive.\
Hundreds Of Occidental College Students Demand The School's President Quit. The president said last week, \I'm happy to resign.\
A Missing Student Who May Have A Gun Is Prompting Washington College To Close Until After Thanksgiving. The student was kicked out of his frat, resigned from student government and was going to face an honor code hearing.
Princeton Students Confront University President Over Woodrow Wilson's Legacy. The Princeton president acknowledges the former U.S. president was a \racist,\ but says there are \no easy answers here.\
Few Black Faculty Are Employed At Flagship Public Universities. Most schools have around 1-in-20 faculty that are black.
Harvard University Evacuates Four Buildings After 'Unconfirmed' Bomb Threat. The threat comes three days after the Paris attacks.
Campus Racism Protests Didn't Come Out Of Nowhere, And They Aren't Going Away Quickly. Mizzou seems to have catalyzed years of tension over inequality and race.
Racial Tensions Grow At University Of Kansas. LAWRENCE, Kan. (AP) \u2014 Racial tensions are growing at the University of Kansas with a call for three top Student Senate leaders
University Of Missouri Starts Reviewing Demands From Student Activists. The demands are strikingly similar to those from 1969.
National Fraternity, Sorority Groups Withdraw Support For Safe Campus Act. The groups gave up after spending months lobbying in favor of the bill.
InnOvation STEAM Awards Given to 8 Schools. In Washington, D.C. earlier this month, The Ovation Foundation, the President's Committee on the Arts and the Humanities and Americans for the Arts met to formally recognize 10 schools who \use the arts to make STEM  subjects more accessible and engaging to students and are able to mutually strengthen arts and STEM learning.\
Students Nationwide March For Free Public College. \Change starts when people demand it in the street.\
Elon Football Player Demitri Allison Dies In 10-Story Fall. An Elon University football player has died after falling from a 10-story dormitory on the campus of the University of North
Ex-Student Pleads Guilty In Connection With Wesleyan Drug Overdoses. 10 students overdosed when they took what they thought was Molly.
Mizzou Administrator Who Tried To Block Journalist Put On Leave. Janna Basler's actions amid this week's protests will be investigated.
Pressure Increases On Yik Yak To Do More About Harassment On The Anonymous App. Campus activism is frequently met with online harassment.
Mizzou-Inspired Protests Coming At Other Colleges. Ithaca president Tom Rochon, like Missouri's Wolfe, has been under fire for his perceived soft handling of racially sensitive incidents on campus.
Let's Not Lose Sight Of The Real Problems At Mizzou. This isn't about the media.
Mizzou Police Arrest Man Suspected Of Threatening School. He wasn't on campus while posting threats to social media, they say.
Some Students Want Harvard Law's Seal Changed Due To Slavery Connection. They say it's a symbol of racism.
A Glance At Recent Racial Tension On American College Campuses. A glance at several recent incidents on U.S. college campuses involving race
Fox Host Says He Would Have Replaced Mizzou Football Players. \Fine, goodbye. We'll find 25 or 30 new ball players to sit in.\
Mizzou Announces Diversity Initiatives After Student Race Protests. The measures aim to \ensure that our campuses are free of acts of hatred\ and \embody a culture of respect.\u201d
Mizzou Students Divided Over President\u2019s Resignation. Student activists have presented the school with a list of demands for increasing campus diversity and acceptance.
University Of Missouri Football Team Joins Protests Against Campus Racism. COLUMBIA, Mo. (AP) \u2014 Long-simmering protests at the University of Missouri over matters of race and discrimination got a
Another Mizzou Leader Steps Down Amid Racism Protests. University of Missouri Chancellor R. Bowen Loftin will transition to a new role in 2016.
What's Going On With The Protests At The University Of Missouri?. Catching you up on why students are threatening to walk out this week.
Alabama Students Hang Ugly Hurricane Katrina Banner For Louisiana Rivals. Banner beware!
The Global Search for Education. 
How Assesments Can Ruin Standards. I think there are plenty of reasons to oppose national standards no matter what standards they are, and plenty of reasons to believe that no set of national standards will ever accomplish any of the goals set for them. But let's set all of that aside for a moment and talk about how the very attempt to assess standards-based outcomes ruins those standards.
Yale Admins' Comments On Offensive Halloween Costumes Spark Protest. They criticized an email warning students to be culturally sensitive.
Investigation In Notre Dame Student-Tutor Sex Scandal Reveals Startling Accusations. The student told an investigator his academic coach asked about the sex between him and her daughter, and about the condoms they used.
College Humor Is Using A Bear To Get Bros To Stop Dismissing Sexual Violence. Would you care more about college sexual assaults if they were bear attacks?
Mizzou Law School Eliminates Policy That Banned Being Mean On Social Media. The Student Bar Association says the policy was only meant to apply to members of a private Facebook group.
As College Tuition Spikes, Soup Kitchens Are The New Cafeteria. The number of food banks on campuses across the U.S. has soared.
Professor Sues Navy Claiming His Free Speech Was Violated. He criticized sexual assault prevention efforts he said put an unfair burden on male students.
There Is No College Bubble. The student loan system works very well if the government is doing the lending.
Who Keeps Billions Of Taxpayer Dollars Flowing To For-Profit Colleges? These Guys. Accreditation agencies are supposed to make sure that colleges are putting students in a position to succeed. That\u2019s not happening at schools overseen by one accreditor in particular.
Notre Dame Student Claims Tutor Pressured Him To Have Sex With Her Daughter. His lawsuit against the school alleges the acts were \racially-charged.\
Winston-Salem State University Shooting Leaves 1 Dead, 1 Injured. Both victims are believed to be students.
University Of Louisville Sorry A Bunch Of Its Staff Wore Sombreros And Fake Mustaches. The president joined a number of employees wearing stereotypical Mexican garb.
Desperate Law Schools Are Admitting Way Too Many Poorly Qualified Students. As their application numbers collapsed in recent years, a good number of law schools were forced to choose between their
George Lucas Foundation Donates $10 Million To USC Film School. The money will help black and Latino students in the university's film school.
Study. Also, nearly half of school districts wait months to get test results back.
Frat Bros Who Beat Up Student Were Also Trying To Steal A Statue. The attacked student suffered a concussion, several broken teeth, a ruptured eardrum and had a bruised lung.
After Sexual Assault, Woman Says University Lawyers Accessed Her Counseling Records. Laura Hanson says University of Oregon attorneys obtained her counseling records without her permission. The university says it did nothing wrong, but has since changed its policy.
These Are The Colleges Where Students Stay Up On Dropbox The Latest. Nerds.. Just go to bed.
This University Leader Showed How Colleges Should Own Up To Failures On Sexual Assault Cases. Why a chancellor decided to apologize for his school's handling of campus rape cases.
2 University At Albany Students Charged After Pledge Dies In Hazing Incident. Police say it happened at an unsanctioned fraternity initiation.
Indiana University Expels Student For Attack On Muslim Woman. He's accused of shouting \white power\ and \kill the police\ as he grabbed her by the neck.
Judge Declines To Block University Of Dayton Player's Suspension For Sexual Assault. The judge says he's \not likely to succeed on the merits of his claim.\
MIT Announces 'Action Plan' To Combat Global Warming. BOSTON (AP) -- The Massachusetts Institute of Technology announced a five-year plan Wednesday to combat climate change but
Professor Accused Of Harassment Is Gone, But Debate Isn't Over. Some say the University of Miami overreacted by forcing Colin McGinn out, but others say the school didn't do enough.
National Fraternity Group Deletes Webpage To Help Promote Campus Rape Bill. The organization used statements from groups that do not support the legislation to argue in favor of it.
Race in America. The presumption of innocence, the benefit of the doubt, walking without worrying -- these should not be hallmarks of white privilege. They are human rights that should be enjoyed by all.
The Voice of a Misunderstood Black Millennial Voter. As African-Americans and citizens of a country that values political participation, this country is always asking for political engagement from blacks but if it's not in the manner deemed appropriate, we are asked to sit down and be silent.
Educating for Democracy. The recent series of shootings on college campuses reminded me of how fragile our \civilization\ really is, hanging by a thread of \normalcy.\
University Of California Will Review How Harassment Complaints Against Tenured Faculty Are Handled. The president announced it after a controversy how recent allegations were handled.
What A Successful University Mental Health Program Looks Like. On May 20, Karen Arkin was standing in the common room of her son's dormitory at Northwestern University. The day before
UConn Chef Says Drunk Mac And Cheese Kid Should Join The Military. STORRS, Conn. (AP) -- A food service worker involved in a confrontation with a drunken University of Connecticut student
Georgia Tech Frat Punished After Members Allegedly Used Racial Slurs. The alumni insist the racial slur allegation is false.
Berkeley Professor Resigns Amid Sexual Harassment Allegations. Geoffrey Marcy\u2019s resignation was immediately accepted by UC Berkeley leadership.
UC Berkeley Defends Handling Of Astronomer's Sexual Harassment Charges. He's basically on probation now for allegations dating back to 2001.
Drunk UConn Mac And Cheese Student Issues Apology. Apparently, people wanted to send him mac and cheese.
Hundreds Welcome UCC Students Back To Campus For First Time Since Shooting. They waved signs and displayed American flags above the road leading to campus.
UConn Students Want To Give Dining Hall Workers A Night Out After Viral Video Of Drunk Jerk. The students who started the fundraiser are awesome. That drunk kid is not.
UCLA Frat Says No One Wore Blackface At 'Kanye Western' Party. Multiple media reports say students wore blackface, but no photos have emerged to prove it.
There's No More Valuable Investment Than in a Girl's Education. Like many women today, I wear several different hats. I was the African girl child and now am an African woman, mother to the African girl child whose plight and potential I consider my own.
UCLA Punter Arrested For Rape, Suspended From Team. The investigation lasted nearly a year.
Knowing What To Do If There's A School Shooting Still Hazy At Colleges. Some of them have yet to figure out how to get people to read, much less absorb, the information.
Eastern Kentucky University Cancels Classes, Citing Threatening Graffiti. The graffiti said
ATO's National Office Revokes Charter From Indiana Chapter Over Oral Sex Video. The national office says no pledge was forced to participate, but it's still \highly offensive.\
Harvard's Debate Team Loses To New York Prison Inmates. They were arguing over whether whether
Princeton Gets Richer, Has $22.7 Billion. Harvard and Yale are also getting richer.
Why Student Debt Is Worsening For College Graduates. Three reasons that help explain what's happening.
North Dakota Sports Bar Doubles As University TV Studio. FARGO, N.D. (AP) -- With North Dakota State enjoying a stretch of four straight national football titles since it moved up
Richard Dawkins. Universities are supposed to expose you to ideas you disagree with, he declared.
Why A Pizza And Wine Night Is Better Than Going Out. 
Home Isn't Where The Heart Is. 
20 Ways Your Weekends Change After You Graduate College. 
Campus Bookstore Is Sorry For Selling 'Perfect Female Specimen' Doll. The inflatable doll was a mistake.
One Way To Make College Worth It. A new report serves as an endorsement for the value of fraternities, sororities, honors colleges and other communities.
Colleges Offer Free Legal Help To Students' Startups. MIT wants to make sure their students aren't stopped by state investigations, again.
Let's Make Higher Education Reform Equitable. Sanders' College for All Act and Clinton's New College Compact both present universal reforms of student aid that are reasonable, much-needed, and fair to both public and independent colleges.
Getting Serious About Opportunity For All. Young people have shown how hard they are willing to work to claim their right to education. Now we all must work harder to make sure that we target those left behind so that all children and young people everywhere have equal opportunities no matter where they live.
First Responder Pens Emotional Letter After Florida Student's Death. \u201cI am sorry I failed you. I'm sorry you lost your life so soon.\u201d
Frat Guide Includes Freshman Hotness Scale To 'Get You Guys Laid'. \Now this is a little creepy thing to do but necessary so let\u2019s keep this low key.\
Students Punished For Sexual Assault Should Have Transcripts Marked, Title IX Group Says. Most colleges do not include any notation when students are sanctioned for sexual misconduct.
Those Weren't Nooses At University Of Delaware. The University of Delaware says three items found hanging from a tree on campus were not nooses, but remnants of paper lanterns left over from an event.
We Know One Way To Stop Sexual Assault, But Students Aren't Doing It. A survey of 150,000 students reveals a major gap.
A Single Letter Is Apparently Enough To 'Kill' Syracuse's Kiss Cam. Um... are we serious here?
Virginia Task Force Says Liquor Agents Should Be Able To Make Arrests, Despite Screwing Up Multiple Times. Arresting someone who bought bottled water, slamming innocent student to the ground are not enough to spur major changes.
Newark Schools Still Struggling Despite Facebook Donation. There have been some positive changes, but Newark has a long way to go.
More Charges On The Way In Connection With Baruch College Hazing Death. Ten more people have been charged in Pennsylvania in the hazing death of a New York City fraternity pledge.
UVA Student Groups Urge Campus To Look Forward On Addressing Sexual Assault. The feds say UVA mishandled dozens of cases.
Most Universities Plan To Release Individual Results Of AAU Survey. It's one of the largest attempts to study student experiences with sexual assault in college.
Donald Trump & Vaccines. Donald Trump may be a big blowhard, espousing his belief that there's a link between vaccines and autism based on no medical facts. But with the bully pulpit he has, he can influence parents to not vaccinate their children and the price could be deadly.
As Joe Biden Visits, Ohio State Announces Several Steps To Address Campus Rape. Joe Biden
More Colleges Are Using Gender-Free Pronouns. Experts say it's fueled by changes in pop culture.
Placing Noose On Ole Miss Statue Results In 6 Months Of Prison For Student. He pleaded guilty in June.
University Of California May Outlaw Intolerance, And Experts Say It'll Violate The First Amendment. Free speech scholars are confused by the system's attempt to \uphold free speech by banning free speech.\
Nonprofit Started By Virginia Tech Families Declines To Support Safe Campus Act. The bill would add new rules for college sexual assault investigations.
5 Fraternity Brothers Face Murder Charges For Hazing Death. 32 other students from Baruch College also face criminal charges.
Graduating College Early May Not Always Be The Best Decision. Students can save money by graduating early, but may miss out on other chances.
Few Colleges Cover Full Financial Need. Only 62 out of 1,136 reviewed make the cut.
College Scorecard Sandbags Equity in Higher Education. The College Scorecard completely ignores the increasingly non-traditional nature of the nation's undergraduate student body today, and instead, presents data as if most college students are privileged children whiling away four years in some grove of academic luxury.
Colleges Flush With Cash Saddle Poorest Students With Debt. Many private universities with lavish endowments give little aid to poor students, according to new data.
Back To School And Already Bored? Try This!. Seriously, though, you should pay attention in class.
\u2018Big Victory\u2019. ...But keeps $10 billion in holdings in other fossil fuel and energy industries.
Seattle Teachers Strike On First Day Of School. \We didn't want to strike, and it seems to be the only way to have a dialogue with our senior administration.\
Phallic-Looking Starship Causes Problems For Kansas State Marching Band. Don't make your Star Trek references look so much like male genitalia next time.
A Teacher's Labor Day Plea to School Reformers. In union there is strength. That was why it is so sad that Secretary of Education Arne Duncan, i.e. Scott Walker lite, and the Obama administration help pave the way for his union-bashing and did little to help working people in the Wisconsin recall campaigns.
We Salute You, Gwen Morgan. Every parent who is looking for better quality in child care also owes Gwen a profound thank you.  For ten years -- between 1985 and 1995 -- Gwen compiled annual reports on each states' child care licensing standards.
Thoughts on Starting College for Parents of New Students. Every year I speak to the families of new students at Wesleyan University just before they say goodbye and we start our semester. Having just dropped off my daughter (far from home) as she starts her first year in college, this was particularly poignant for me.
Employers Take Note. 
Hey adults, stop telling gamers to stop gaming. Instead, respect, and redirect.. 
Gay Man Says North Dakota Frat Choked, Beat And Stripped Him. He had to hide behind a bush in his underwear until a Good Samaritan gave him his clothes back.
Michigan State Took Too Long With Sexual Assault Cases, Federal Investigation Finds. But the university isn't hiding its annoyance with the lengthy investigation.
Daily Pot Smoking On College Campuses Is At 35-Year High. The amount of college students smoking daily has almost doubled in 8 years.
How NYC's Commissioner On Domestic Violence Wants Colleges To Address Rape. The most important thing is to validate the victim's experience, according to Rosemonde Pierre-Louis.
Oregon Ducks Mascot Blows Glitter, Mocks Sorority Recruitment Videos. Pretty on target.
Professors Try To Figure Out What 'Bae' And 'On Fleek' Mean. \On fleek\? These professors can't even, but they do feel bad for everyone being on top of someone named \Fleek.\ Lehigh
University Of Kentucky Survey Finds Most Sexual Assault Cases On Campus Go Unreported. Nearly 5 percent of students at the University of Kentucky say they were sexually assaulted in the past year, but most of the cases went unreported, according to a survey conducted by the college.
Yale Has A College Named After A Racist, But That Might Change. NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP) -- Yale University's leaders on Saturday urged a campus conversation about whether to change the name
University Removes Jefferson Davis Statue. The decision comes in the wake of the South Carolina Confederate flag controversy.
Safety and Security. Colleges and universities are soft targets for legislators; it doesn't take much moral courage for a Senator to beat up on a university that allows a predatory quarterback or arrogant frat boys to get away with horrible offenses against women.  Shame on the university presidents who have looked the other way.
Columbia Cites Free Speech In Defense Of Allowing Mattress Protest. The school says letting the student continue her mattress protest was a \decision at the heart of academic freedom.\
Student Killed In Shooting At Savannah State University. SAVANNAH, Ga. (AP) \u2014 Authorities are investigating after a shooting at Savannah State University killed a student and prompted
Georgia Tech Investigating Fraternity For Alleged Racial Slurs. ATLANTA, Aug 28 (Reuters) - The Georgia Institute of Technology is investigating allegations that white members of a campus
Janet Napolitano Discusses How Schools Should Handle Campus Rape. University of California system President Janet Napolitano credited sexual assault survivors and their advocacy groups with raising the issue of rape on campus to a point where school leaders can no longer avoid the issue.
Americans Think Colleges Are Doing Are Bad Job Handling Sexual Assaults. Across party lines, people aren't happy with colleges and universities.
Here Are The Months College Students Are More Likely To Experiment With New Drugs. December could be when students try study drugs and painkillers.
New York State Police Create Unit Dedicated To Campus Rape Cases. Officials say this is a first-in-the-nation team.
The Most 'Swiped Right' College Campuses, According To Tinder. There isn't a ton of crossover between the guys and gals' rankings
Sigma Nu Chapter At Virginia Wesleyan Responds In The Best Way To Offensive Banners. These are the real frat stars.
Carnegie Mellon Student Pleads Guilty To Making App That Would Spy On Android Phones. The software allowed people to remotely control Android phones.
Activists Use Paper Bag Puppets To Mock University Of Akron Administrators. This \ridiculous\ video is the only appropriate medium to mock school officials, the activists say.
Another Sigma Nu Chapter Suspended Over Offensive Remarks About Women. It's the second Sigma Nu chapter this month accused of saying horrible things about women.
The 19 Most Generous Colleges In 2015 According To GrubHub Data. A ranking to definitely be proud of.
Banners At Old Dominion University Declare Students' House A 'Freshman Daughter Drop Off' Site. The university issued several statements this weekend to make sure everyone knows how awful they think the banners were.
A Moonshot in Education Innovation. Bottom line is that we simply don't know the future, and bureaucratic and highly regulated education systems are inherently inapt to respond to imminent learning opportunities and other emerging circumstances connected to the digital age.
Advice on College Application Essay Writing. Because one essay will be a testament to your passions, strengths and character, it can be an important component of the application. Thus, it is worth spending some time to compose something that accurately represents you, and stands out against the backdrop of other applicants
Baylor Will Review Whether They Totally Botched Investigating Football Player Who Raped Student. The school said there wasn't enough evidence to move forward on Sam Ukwuachu's charges, but a court just convicted him of sexual assault.
UCF Frat That Chanted 'Let's Rape Some B*****s' Did Not Break Rules, School Says. ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) -- A University of Central Florida discipline panel says a fraternity that was suspended over a member's
The 12 Colleges With The Biggest Sweet Tooth, 2015 Ranking By GrubHub. Cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake.
The University Of Texas Makes Major Investment To Address Deficits In Campus Sexual Assault Research. The university system is putting $1.7 million into a multiyear effort.
Back Away From Students' Medical Records, Feds Warn Colleges. Schools were accused of looking at sexual assault victims' therapy history.
Man Falls To His Death Trying To Save Suicidal Teenager In Hawaii. The man was reportedly attempting to bring the distraught teen in from a ledge.
Some Students Are Living In College Employees' Basements. It's not unusual for students to get sent to living in dorm alternatives like hotels, rival schools or even a waterpark.
Hey College Students, Going On A Roof Or Balcony After Drinking Is Dangerous. Far too many college students are injured, or killed, falling from high places.
Alabama Sorority Video Called 'Worse For Women Than Donald Trump'. Such videos are pretty common, but this one is getting a ton of attention.
Andrew Lohse's Memoir About Frat Life At Dartmouth Might Become A Movie. The memoir about binge drinking, hazing and cocaine use at a Dartmouth College fraternity might become a movie.\u00a0 Confessions
Frat Suspended After 'Rape Some B*****s' Comment Caught On Tape. The recording follows rape allegations that led to a student's suspension.
'Drunk Mode' App Is Redefining the College Party Experience. With the amount of pressures being placed on college students to succeed in today's culture, this app is extremely important in being able to provide students with a virtual buddy system to keep track of their emotional needs and location, when they perhaps wouldn't be able to do it themselves.
Do Trigger Warnings On Campus Cause More Harm Than Good?. In an age of political correctness, these two men think it can discourage open discussion.
University Of Illinois Plans To Fire Chancellor, Won't Give Her A Bonus. The chancellor was caught using private email accounts to avoid public scrutiny of their communications on university business.
University Of Texas Will Remove Jefferson Davis Statue. \While every historical figure leaves a mixed legacy, I believe Jefferson Davis is in a separate category, and that it is not in the university's best interest to continue commemorating him on our Main Mall.\
University Of Kansas Under More Scrutiny On Sexual Assault Cases. The federal government is reviewing how the school navigated a series of complicated laws.
Clemson Pledge Was Forced To Walk Narrow Bridge Railing Before His Death, New Documents Claim. The family of a deceased pledge claims the fraternity tried to cover what happened.
Cincinnati Campus Police Had Surge In Citations Against Black Motorists And Pedestrians. CINCINNATI (AP) -- The University of Cincinnati police chief has expressed alarm after a newspaper found a recent surge of
Virginia Alcohol Agents Involved In Bloody Arrest Return To Duty. The agency won't say what they found in the review of the controversial arrest.
These Groups Are Hoping To Help First-Generation College Students Make It To Graduation. Two unique programs aimed at helping students make it through school are having a big impact.
Why It Matters University Of Illinois Officials Used Private Emails For Work. CHAMPAIGN, Ill. (AP) -- University of Illinois Chancellor Phyllis Wise's surprise resignation was followed closely by an
Virginia Wesleyan College Demands Rape Victim's Entire Sexual History. The school says these details will help establish Jane Doe's credibility.
Judge Rules Latest Pearson/NYSED Test Does Not Discriminate -- So Far. On August 7, 2015 Kimba M. Wood of Federal District Court in Manhattan ruled that the ALST, the latest rendition of the Pearson/New York State Education Department literacy test for teacher certification candidates, does not discriminate against minority group members
My Students Don't Need More Debt. My students are left facing a quandary
University Of Illinois Chancellor Resigning Following Multiple Controversies. URBANA, Ill. (AP) -- University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign Chancellor Phyllis Wise said Thursday that she is resigning
Cincinnati City Council Votes To Limit University Cops Patrolling Off Campus. CINCINNATI (AP) -- The Cincinnati City Council voted unanimously Wednesday to suspend the off-campus patrols of University
Cincinnati Shooting Begs The Question. The campus cop's shooting of an unarmed black man raises other questions.
Education Department Opens Investigation Of Grinnell College, But Not Because It Asked For It. The small, progressive college wanted a federal review. The Education Department declined that request, but is still opening an investigation.
Rolling Stone Sued By UVa Students Over Rape Story. The backlash for Rolling Stone over  an inaccurate rape story continues.
George Washington University Drops Admissions Test Requirements. The D.C. university joins a host of other schools ditching their SAT and ACT requirements.
USC And UC San Diego Are Fighting Over A Research Project, But Now A Judge Has Intervened. LOS ANGELES (AP) -- A judge has ruled that control of a landmark project on Alzheimer's disease belongs to the University
Spelman College Drops Bill Cosby Professorship. Spelman's move follows the release of a document where Cosby admits getting drugs to give women for sex
How To Choose The Right Student Loan Repayment Plan. The right repayment plan for you will depend on your income, credit history and many other factors such as your ability to support higher monthly repayments. This article looks at how to pick the best student loan repayment plan for you.
New Jersey Colleges Might Have To Disclose Their Data About On-Campus Suicides. The legislation was drafted in response to the death of Madison Holleran at the University of Pennsylvania.
Cosby's Lawyer Faces Call To Step Down As Chair Of Temple Trustees. The university is standing behind Patrick O'Connor, who served with Bill Cosby on Temple's Board of Trustees.
University Of California Raises Minimum Wage To $15. State law only requires it to be $9  an hour.
When Colleges Threaten To Punish Students Who Report Sexual Violence. Victims turn to their universities for help, but get warned that they, too, could face disciplinary charges.
Colleges Are Finding Ways To Increase Diversity Without Affirmative Action. Sorry, legacy students.
College Junior Shares His Strategy For Getting The Most Out Of Tinder. Dating apps make the opportunities for on-campus romance even more endless, and Armstrong State University student Kebin
The Power of Collective Voice. Through the union, educators are raising our collective voice. Together with parents and students, educators are turning the tide.  Teaching is our heart. Our students are our soul. And the union is our spine. When educators raise their voice and their power, we can reclaim the promise of public education.
UTC Greek Community Starts Online Fundraiser For Chattanooga Shooting Victims. The fraternities and sororities of the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga started an online fundraiser this week following
What Happened At A Texas Frat When They Thought No One Was Watching. When Derek Elrod was rushing a fraternity at the University of North Texas (UNT) in the fall of 2013, he was having, as he
Clemson Officially Denounces 'Pitchfork Ben,' A Racist Founder Of The School. The man, for whom one of the school's buildings is named, boasted about killing black people.
Yik Yak Is Now Allowing Users To Post Photos. The company warns people against posting things they wouldn't send to their mother.
USF Student Who Deleted Emails About His Sexual Assault Charge Latest To Lose In Title IX Lawsuit. Some male college students say their schools violated Title IX by disciplining them for sexual assault. They aren't having much luck in court.
Brooklyn Law School Offers Partial Refund If Grads Don't Get Jobs. Brooklyn Law School is offering a 15 percent tuition refund to graduates who aren't able to find jobs of their choice within
New Study Challenges Assumptions About Serial Rapists On Campus. Experts say we face a \whack-a-mole\ problem with campus rape.
Should Dixie State University Change Its Name To Drop Confederate Reference?. \It's a bit of an embarrassment because of the connotations with it.\
Switching From A College To A University Could Mean More Money, More Students. Even dropping the word \state\ could bring more money for school.
Will the New Jersey Lotto Help Student Loan Borrowers?. For some graduates, paying off their student debt just became a gamble. Student loan debt has become an increasingly pressing crisis in the past several years, with politicians all suggesting solutions to help graduates pay off their student loans. New Jersey Assemblyman John Burzichelli recently proposed a student loan debt lottery.
Dorm Room Essentials for the Student Traveler. After traveling abroad, turn your new home into a first class cabin with our Pottery Barn picks.
Jonathan Kozol's Death at an Early Age Is Still a Must-Read. Rereading Jonathan Kozol's Death at an Early Age on the 50th anniversary of his firing from the Boston Public School System is to be forced to confront the unrelenting horror of school segregation.
Getting Out From Under. If you are a teacher or studying to be a teacher, you might be concerned about paying back your student loans. Even for the most frugal planners, student loan debt is a reality that many students and graduates face today.
Colleges Begin Establishing Exchange Programs In Cuba. BOSTON (AP) -- As the U.S. and Cuba mend ties, colleges in both countries are forming partnerships that once were heavily
Universities Are Trying To Teach Faculty How To Spot Microaggressions. Student activists demanded colleges make campuses more inclusive, and many universities are trying to do just that.
Education Department Dismisses Complaint From Asian Americans' Group Against Harvard. WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Education Department on Tuesday dismissed a complaint against Harvard University by some Asian-American
Kenyon College Student Conducts The Weirdest Interviews In Videos For Prospective Students. \We're currently on a hayride because you could say I might be a thrill-seeker, an adrenaline junky.\
Gates Foundation Proposes FAFSA Reform. The Gates Foundation has 3 ideas to fix FAFSA.
Someone Vandalized A Clemson Building Named After A Racist Politician. A campus building honoring a violent racist was hit with graffiti calling him a \violent racist.\
Commence to Move Forward. Commencement is not only the day your diploma or degree is conferred, but the start of you using the knowledge you've gained to advance yourself and create more than income but a fulfilling life.
The Teacher as Expert Movement. As unpopular as I feel this may sound, I think we, as teachers, must recognize aspects of how we have traditionally gone about our work that has contributed to this sentiment. I see three main issues
Keys to Understanding Your Student Loans While in School. It's no secret that most college graduates need student loans to help pay for college. In fact, many students take out multiple student loans with differing repayment terms. That's why it'simportant to understand what loans you're signing your name to.
The Process of Student Loan Deferment Explained. If you are having trouble paying a student loan due to financial hardship or special life circumstances, you might qualify for a student loan deferment. The student loan deferment process is quite simple for the right individuals.
Our Golden Opportunity. With the reauthorization of the absurd and dysfunctional NCLB, we have a chance to once again let teachers teach and let students learn. We have a chance to ignite their imaginations, encourage them to reach their full potential, and expand their world view beyond filling in bubble tests with a #2 pencil.
You Are What You Earn?. Recently, the Georgetown University Center on Education and the Workforce released some findings about what new graduates could expect to earn. The results are interesting and may well speak to where the workforce will head if left to market forces.
6 Tips That Could Help Your Student Loan Repayment. Finding ways to help save on your student loan repayment can save a lot of time and stress when managing your student loans. Take the time to clarify these commonly misunderstood repayment strategies.
6 Tips to Boost Your Career. Before beginning your job search, it's important for you to change your perspective. Job searching is more than just finding a \job;\ it's finding the right opportunity to broaden your experience and cultivate the necessary skills to propel you further in your career.
One More Teacher for Bernie. I'm not naive. I know that Sanders is a seasoned politician, that he didn't get where he is by being an amateur bumpkin. His ideas are going to have to be put forth and examined. I know he's not Superman or a knight on a white steed. But I also know Vermont, and I know slickness will only get you so far there.
Fordham, Education Department Sued Over Student's Mental Health Records. ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) -- A graduate student has sued Fordham University, seeking $5 million in damages and saying the college
SAE Fraternity Hires Woman To Lead Diversity Efforts. Sigma Alpha epsilon faced national scrutiny in March when a chapter in Oklahoma was caught signing racist lyrics.
How Obama Reversed Course On College Ratings. Administration bails on controversial college ratings system, but declare it's not a \retreat.\
LSU Insists Fired Professor Had A History Of 'Verbal Abuse' Against Students. Teresa Buchanan says she was fired for cursing in class, LSU says it worse than that.
University Of Kansas Plans To Create Meditation Room. The meditation room will exist in addition to the university's nondenominational chapel.
Family Sues Pi Kappa Phi, Cal State-Northridge Over Pledge's Death. LOS ANGELES (AP) -- The family of a California college student who died during a grueling fraternity hike sued the organization
Clips From 'Game Of Thrones,' 'Girls' And Other HBO Shows Provide Life Advice For College Grads. To go with it, HBO has preloaded a ton of GIFs with more advice over at Popkey.
Washington State Moves To Cut Public University Tuition By Up To 20 Percent. Experts say this is a rare move that could influence other states
Treat People as You Want to Be Treated. A leader of a college or university (or any non-profit, for that matter) should do what one can for those who work at the institution. One thing one can do at no cost is simply to be appreciative of hard work and to thank people for their work. Doing so goes a long way, a very long way.
Holding Universities Accountable. What if we tied public funding for community colleges and technical schools to their job-placement rates?
Your FAFSA Questions Answered. The Free Application for Federal Student Aid or FAFSA is available to anyone who is considering graduate or undergraduate studies in the United States. The FAFSA is used by colleges and universities to determine eligibility for student aid.
Liberal Arts-Professional Divide Is an Illusion. A decade ago I might have revealed my perception that there existed a strange and even dirty little secret within the liberal arts college sector -- that many national liberal arts colleges have offered robust \professional\ programs, but that they could not talk about them openly.
A College Graduate's Guide to Student Loans. Post-college graduation is the first time that many graduates will have to be financially responsible and fully support themselves. Part of that responsibility includes paying off their student loans.
No Equal in the World. 
In Case You Don't Know What Great Teaching Looks Like. I recently attended the 21st Century Children's Nonfiction Conference where the conversation encompassed all things nonfiction from writing it to publishing it to teaching it. What interested me most was what I knew least. How can gifted teachers use nonfiction in the classroom?
Community College and the American Dream. Education changes lives and puts the American Dream within reach for millions of people. We see this every day at City Colleges of Chicago, a system of seven community colleges that has set a high bar for the success of every student, and accepts no excuses for failure.
From Goose Bumps to a Tight Rope Village. Last week's Curios covered why we forget things when we walk through doorways, the purpose of goosebumps, and a Russian village where every resident can walk a tightrope.
Today We Celebrate, But Tomorrow We Get Back to Work. People need to acknowledge, that though this is a huge victory, there are more victories to be had. I still have a lot to be thankful for as a cisgendered, straight male. It is still not easy to be a gay or transgendered person in the United States. But this is a definite positive. Today we celebrate, but tomorrow we get back to work.
4 Wishes For The Class of 2015. I believe your generation will do a better job than mine at fixing the problem of gender inequality. So we turn to you. You are the promise for a more equal world. Great leaders don't just develop people like them, they develop everyone. If you want to be a great leader, develop the women -- as well as the men -- at your companies.
Betterocracy. Many reformsters have one fundamental point in common
This Is How High School Made You A Better Person. Adults have always bemoaned the moral decay of the younger generation. And they keep getting it wrong.
For Effective Education Policy, Listen to Effective Teachers. At the heart of the disagreement is whether the law should include meaningful accountability for the nation's most at-risk students. A group of effective classroom teachers from across the country is joining the fray with a powerful -- and perhaps unexpected -- message.
Why America Demonizes its Teachers -- Part 3. By refusing to take into account several factors which impede student learning and over which teachers have no control, this policy is, in essence, a punitive measure, a political weapon, a pre-emptive strike against teachers, intended to demoralize and drive them out of the teaching profession.
One Reason #WhyHostingMatters. High school exchanges participants make a profound impact not only on their host families, schools, and communities, but ultimately on overall relationships with the citizens and governments of their countries.
Sign Up to Stand Up for Global Academic Freedom. Perhaps the greatest threat to academic freedom may be the Department of Education, which has promoted a definition of harassment so broad that cases like Laura Kipnis's are all but inevitable.
You Graduated... Now, What? (10 Steps to Building Your Life on Purpose). I watched as my students picked up their cap and gown and carried it in their arms like a newborn baby. I smiled, said a few last words of encouragement, then asked, \You graduated... now what?\
Who's in Charge? Our Assumptions About Race and Gender. In service of this cause, I offer a series of true stories -- acknowledging that for almost all of us our understanding of complex social phenomenon comes down to our own anecdotes.
Your Older Sibling Might Affect Your College Choice. A new paper on sibling influence in college choice proves, once again, that it's always Marcia, Marcia, Marcia. An older
Ken Ham Hits Miley Cyrus Like a Wrecking Ball. Well, that was too much for Ken Ham. Denying there was a real Noah's Ark and being a libertine? Calling Noah's Flood a fairy tale and being open-minded?
What the Liberal Arts Did for Me. 
Your Student Loan Refinancing Questions Answered. Student loan refinancing is a great way to potentially save you money and lower your monthly payments. Refinancing is the process of consolidating your existing loan(s) into a new loan with a lower interest rate and a different term.
How Technology Is Disrupting Work and Education Faster Than You Ever Imagined. The notion of robots largely replacing humans -- while true in some job sectors (e.g., automobile assembly) -- is still more metaphor than omnipresent reality. It is what robots symbolize that are the real threat to today's workforce.
Health Education Takes Center Stage. The Institute of Medicine reports that students in kindergarten through 12th grade get only four to six hours of nutrition education per school year. In a culture where more than a third of young Americans are obese, it's worth looking at what helps these students retain the information they need to maintain a healthy weight.
Columbia Adds Toni Morrison, But Not Trigger Warnings, To Required Reading. 
Kindergarten Readiness, Part 2. In this post, I will share many of the early academic indicators of kindergarten readiness. The list is by no means comprehensive, but it will provide families with an understanding of what will be expected of their child and offer tips to help them prepare their child for a successful transition to kindergarten.
South Carolina College Presidents Join Calls For Confederate Flag's Removal. 
Here's How to Decide if Grad School is Right for You. For many students, graduate school is a more focused version of college. You'll get specialized training in the industry you want to work in, plus the benefits of professional connections and credentials beyond a bachelor's degree.
Is Federal Loan Consolidation for You?. A federal loan consolidation works differently than private loan consolidations. With a federal loan consolidation, all of your eligible federal loans are combined into one loan with a lower monthly payment. Borrowers can consolidate their loans after they graduate, leave school, or drop below half-time enrollment.
The Shade Room Is More Than A Gossip Blog. 
University Security Investigated For Claim They Physically Restrained Sexual Assault Victim. 
Should I Switch My Student Loan To a Variable Interest Rate?. There are two different loan rates to choose from when financing student loans
Walking The Walk For Working Families. As we fight our way back from the recession, it's clear that our economy isn't working for everyone. Too many don't have the skills they need for the jobs available. As a union, the AFT takes on these issues. This work isn't loud or provocative, but it's vital for our communities and our nation.
There's a Diploma for That. I know the students worked hard, but perhaps Class of 2015 shouldn't refer to any student who finished any grade this year. Let's save the pomp and circumstance for just one very special circumstance
Class Clown to Class President. There was always something inexplicably attractive about receiving attention, so throughout my childhood, the sound of laughter was my muse. I had an appetite for approbation (clearly not from teachers, but from my peers).
UVA Is Naming A Building For A Former Slave Couple. 
Private Student Loans Are Trapping Co-Signers, CFPB Finds. Consumer watchdog agency worries private student loan companies are unnecessarily keeping parents and grandparents hooked on their kids' college debt.
Classroom Aesthetics. Sometimes the magic and beauty of the classroom, the soaring beyond simple skills and content, happens in the most unexpected ways. At these moments, we are experiencing a kind of performance art in the classroom.
Evidence-Based vs. Evidence-Proven. Way back in 2001, when we were all a lot younger and more na\u00efve, Congress passed the No Child Left Behind Act (NCLB). It had all kinds of ideas in it, some better than others. The emphasis on research was certainly novel, and even revolutionary in many ways.
Tips For Paying Off Medical School Loans. Repaying medical school loans can be a long and tedious process, but if you are proactive about your loans you can save thousands of dollars over the course of your repayment.
Cyber Citizenship Heads to Texas Public Middle Schools. I remember sending my first text and opening my first MySpace account. I was 13 years old. Even though the smart phone was not in existence, my world of communication was forever changed.
\Throwing Out the Clock\ on Teacher Education. As I have written before, the United States is experiencing profound, continuous, and accelerating change as the country makes a transition from a national, analog, industrial economy to a global, digital information economy.
Indiana Strikes Again. For the many students who sit in Spanish, French, or German class every day and resent having to memorize vocabulary words and learn new grammar rules, the change initially seems like a positive one.
3 Steps to Build Confidence as a First-Time Job Hunter. I vividly remember hunting for my first real post-college job. It was scary. It was brutal. I moved home and was met with a staggering 13% local unemployment rate. Needless to say, it definitely tested my patience and my resilience.
Hand Trucks, Grit and the On-Demand Economy. Only if we humans commit to continuously redesigning ourselves, adapting and improving as conditions around us change, persisting in the face of whatever happens, will there be critical roles for us in the dynamic technology-driven new economies, as well.
More College and University Students Facing Mental Health Challenges. There is a quiet crisis brewing on college and university campuses across the United States. Increasingly, the mental health needs of students are more complicated than in the past and cannot be adequately met by overwhelmed mental health services.
Trusted Teacher Fired for Discussing Sandy Hook During Safety Drill. Teachers have to be allowed to teach and sensitive subjects must be allowed to be breached. Sandy Hook was a tragic event that no one wishes to see happen again, but we should also never forget.
Columbia Students Reveal University Missteps In Sexual Assault Investigations. A HuffPost examination of Zachary's case, as well as those by two others students -- based on hundreds of pages of Columbia's investigative reports and emails exchanged between university officials and students -- shows that Emma Sulkowicz's case is not an isolated incident. These documents show that both before and after the investigation of Sulkowicz's alleged sexual assault, Columbia has taken missteps in handling other cases, failing to adhere to federal guidance and standards.\n\nTitle IX, the federal law that mandates gender equality in education, advises sexual assault cases be fully resolved within 60 days of the initial reporting. Columbia's policy goes further, stating that investigations will take no longer than 30 days and that once the investigation is over, a hearing will wrap up a case two weeks later.\n\nAccording to university documents, Zachary's case took seven months. In another case from 2014, a transgender Columbia sophomore said xe* waited over six months for the investigation to be resolved. And, Sarah, a rising senior, filed two sexual assault cases in 2013. One took four months to resolve; the other took six.
Which Federal Student Loan Repayment Plan Is Right for Me?. If you have a federal student loan, you may be curious about your repayment options. Luckily, federal student loans are most beneficial to those needing repayment assistance; the majority of these plans will help you lower your monthly payment at the expense of extending your loan term several years.
Why America Demonizes its Teachers -- Part 2. In view of the fact that many states in America now evaluate teachers on their students' performance, I wish to suggest five proposals that, if adopted by the appropriate agencies, would transform our country and, if adopted by other nations, would change the world.
Educating for Democracy. After hearing the \good news\ of the high school graduation rate nationally -- over 81 percent -- I recalled a blog I wrote for Huffington Post four years ago.
Keep the Change. This morning, I want to talk about money. I'm not referring to financial literacy, and no, I'm not planning to lament the pursuit of the almighty dollar or even discuss the subject of materialism at all.
Mind the 'Expectation' Gap. More than 3.6 million students have or are about to graduate from postsecondary U.S institutions. And when people graduate college, they tend to have certain expectations.
Have Student Loans? Understand Your APR. If you have graduated from college and have thought about consolidating or refinancing your student loans, you may be wondering what possible interest rate you can get. If you are still in school and need a private student loan, you may find yourself in the same situation.
Graduation, Not Goodbye. UCLA is this massive experience. Like a force of nature, it happens to you
Federal Officials 'Concerned' About Loophole In Privacy Law For Rape Victims. The U.S. Department of Education confirmed in letters to Sen. Ron Wyden and Rep. Suzanne Bonamici, both Democrats of Oregon
11 Rights All Students (Should) Have. 
The Leveling of the College Playing Field. Until college is no longer treated like a business in America, it will continue to create an unlevel playing field. Those who are genuinely enthused about learning deserve a chance at higher education.
Making Evidence Primary for Secondary Readers. Striving Readers was a serious, well-meaning attempt to solve a very important problem faced by far too many secondary students
Signs to Good Words. American Sign Language started with a casual comment from an eighth grade teacher. Visual learners tend to acquire skills in learning sign language.
5 Cooper Union Trustees Resign In Protest. Five of the 23 members of the Cooper Union board of trustees resigned Tuesday. Chairman Emeritus Mark Epstein, board vice
Game Changer. Failure seems to be all the rage these days. Fail fast. Fail smart. Fail forward. It's hard not to gag on the plethora of \failure\ clich\u00e9s that headline cultural media today. My 6-year-old daughter is even wrapped up in the topic.
A Choosy Mom on Choosing Schools. After spending many wonderful years in our church preschool, it was time for my daughter to transfer to public school. As any mom can attest to, this can be an emotional time. When you have a child with special needs, it can be unnerving.
Journalism Education and the Next War. I've been spending time in Dubai with students and others involved in developing the next generation of the region's journalists. Everyone means well and is working hard, but I sense that these young people may slip into old patterns.
Misconception Monday. Viruses are formidable, but they're not omnipotent, malevolent, or infinitely malleable. They are subject to the same evolutionary constraints as any other biological entity, notably, they cannot \try\ to become more virulent, or gain a set of mutations because they \need\ them in order to switch hosts.
A Modest Proposal to Halt Rising Tuition Costs. 
Smartphones. It's vital that we offer quality real-world learning and enrichment opportunities to all kids to reduce the time kids spend playing on their phones.
A Fast-Forwarding Strategy for 2015 College Graduates. As the college graduating class of 2015 make their way into the world, many may find themselves facing strong economic and financial headwinds. Landing your first career position will be a job unto itself. But you'll also find yourself setting the stage for a lifetime of financial management.
What Emma's Mattress Means For Medicine. I am a medical student, yes. I am also a survivor of sexual violence. The recent surge of articles surrounding Emma Sulkowickz prompted me to reflect on this latter identity. I know I will always carry the mark of my trauma with me -- and I am learning how I will better empathize with patients because of it.
A Path to Dairy Farming, Not College. 
An Open Letter to John Paulson. Perhaps there was another motive for your gift.  Perhaps this was less about the deficiencies of the East Coast's technology landscape and more about winning the game of \one-upmanship\ that wealthy donors and institutions tend to play.
We Need More College Graduates. It is college commencement season, a glorious time of year, when spring flowers and joy are blooming on campuses across the nation. For millions of diligent college students, hearing their names called and being handed a hard-earned diploma is a watershed moment. It is a genuine cause for celebration for students and their families.
Let's Calm Down About the College Search. Let's stop making college into something it's not. It's not a stand in for parenting. It's not a guarantee for success nor a ticket to happiness. It's a campus, some classes, peers galore. It's a great privilege, an opportunity and a financial decision.
68 Public College Presidents Make More Than President Obama. 
Everything You Need To Know About Applying for Student Loans. The day has finally come - you have been accepted to college and cannot wait to start working on your degree. The only thing that stands between you and your future is figuring out how you will pay for the hefty price tag that comes with a college education.
3 Ways to Get the Best Private Student Loans for College. Finding the right private student loan for you will help you fund your college degree with the best terms and with the lowest interest rate possible. Many students turn to private loans after they have exhausted all of their federal options.
The Easiest Ways to Get Student Loan Relief. Those currently in repayment often opt into automatic payments to make life easier and to take advantage of a rate reduction. Although this passive option provides some student loan relief, there are options that could potentially save you a lot of money and shave a few years off of your repayment terms.
Make Entrepreneurship Education Your Summer School. Summertime is perfect for supplementing your children's education with entrepreneurship.
5 Ways to Reduce Your Graduate School Student Debt. If you are leaving your job to return back to school and are still paying on your undergraduate loans, consider refinancing them while your income is strong. Some refinancing lenders will allow for an education deferment while you return to graduate school.
An Ode to a Teacher's Summer Vacation. Every June, I suffer from what I call a teacher hangover. It sticks around for about a week. There are some telltale signs that I have yet again succumbed to the condition.
Connections Education & Nexus Academy. 
It's Proven. It's Perfect. I'll Change It.. Innovation within proven programs can be a good thing, when schools have fully embraced and thoroughly understand a given program and now can see where it can be improved or adapted to their circumstances.  However, innovation too early in replication is likely to turn the best of innovations into mush.
6 Job Tips for Recent Graduates. You might have taken Psych 101 but chances are you never took a class on how to get a job or what to do when you scored your dream gig.
Joe Biden Stands Up and Speaks Out About Assault. We have to keep talking about rape culture in our country and the double standards that many athletes and certain groups of young men are given.
A Brother to All. I saw many of my peers finding their own places in football, academic clubs, and the arts. They all seemed content, and I made it my mission to find my own comfortable niche at Lawrenceville as I had at my previous school.
Buying a Home?  Know Hard Costs Going In. Surveys of potential home buyers, particularly first time buyers, are telling us that many could use a little more knowledge about two of the largest costs of ownership. Everyone needs a mortgage and insurance is necessary as well.
It's Time to Re-invest in Our Kids. As the school year is coming to a close, access to affordable early education and child care is still on the mind of many parents. More than 23,000 children from across Massachusetts are being left behind, sitting on waitlists for enrollment in quality early education and out-of-school time care programs during this most critical stage of their development.
Real Estate Ebb and Flow-Old to Young. Much has been written about the Baby Boomer generation, as they're coming into retirement now.  Approximately 10,000 boomers hit the age of 65 every day.  The boomer years are from 1946 through 1964.  Those born in 1946 turned 65 in 2011, and we've progressed through births in 1949.
New SAT. Today, the long-awaited redesign of the SAT exam takes a step forward with the debut of Khan Academy's online SAT preparation program. The redesign responds, in part, to some harrowing shortcomings of the current iteration of the exam.
Should I Put My Money in Forex or Stocks?. People and corporations that participate in currency trading, clearly, have very different and ubiquitous goals in mind. Speculative trades are in most cases executed by banks and large hedge funds.
Northwestern Student Drops Complaint Against Professor In Laura Kipnis Case. 
Six Degrees to Skilled Labor. The idea that we can be separated into categories by our career paths into white collar and blue collar; professional and vocational; lofty and lowly; is almost absurd. In order for our economy and our communities to function and thrive, we need everyone.
One Hundred Days of Summer. A few rejected internships later and a Boston College junior washes ashore Martha's Vineyard for the next three months. Here we go. Live heaven on earth, plain and simple
Reflections on a Historic Summit of the Americas. The digital snapshot seen round the world depicted a brief handshake between U.S. President Barack Obama and Cuban President Ra\u00fal Castro.
Graduating This Year? Read This First. Accept the fact that you know very little and don't have all the answers at the beginning of this new adventure, but know that you can definitely find the answers.
5 Student Loan Tips for Recent College Graduates. After graduation, student loan management is the last thing you want to think about. If you have landed your first full-time job, the reality of paying back your student loans is right around the corner. If you have been out several years, this is still an opportune time to learn more about your student loans and potentially save money.
Want to Consolidate Your Student Loans? Here's How. The average American college student graduates with several student loans with an average total balance of $29,000 in student loan debt. Each academic year, students need to reapply for new loans to cover the upcoming tuition and school related expenses.
WATCH. 
Educating for Democracy. We live in an age of magical thinking. It is a time in which whatever confidence we have that there will be a future for humanity is promised through the wonders of technology wedded to the wonders of \the market.\
How An Essay On 'Sexual Paranoia' Caused A Frenzy At Northwestern University. 
My Vassar College Commencement Speech for the Class of 2015. As someone who runs a 24/7 digital media company and who uses every form of social media ever invented, I hope I have some street cred when I urge those of you graduating this year to build boundaries, introduce digital detoxes into your life, learn to regularly disconnect from the jumble and the cacophony and make time to reconnect with yourself. There will be many profound and fulfilling relationships ahead of you, but the relationship with yourself is the most important relationship you'll ever have. And, like any relationship, it can't be taken for granted. If there is one thing I wish I knew when I was graduating from college, it's that the Delphic admonition \Know Thyself\ and Socrates' admonition that \the unexamined life is not worth living\ are not ancient philosophical platitudes, but in fact the most relevant and important guiding truths for our lives.
SEC. 
How to Maximize Your Federal Student Loan Refinancing Savings. Depending on when you took out your federal loans, your interest rate could vary by several percentage points since federal loans are influenced by market conditions. If you are wondering what you can do to help reduce these higher interest rates faster, here are some options to consider.
Why America Demonizes Its Teachers. Evaluating teachers on their students' performance is an issue that has elicited much comment of late. In essence, this view assumes that if students aren't learning, the fault lies squarely with their teachers alone.
Thank a Teacher Thursday. If we've seen one thing over and over again in this series of stories about influential teachers, it's that a little personal attention and encouragement from a teacher can change the course of a student's life.
Will Justin Bieber Become a Teacher?. I had a dream last night that Justin Bieber visited my class. And offered the most powerful lesson any future teacher could hear.
University Of Washington Frat Put On Social Suspension Following Rape Accusation. 
Around the World in 30 Days. In May, I continued my conversations with thought leaders from China to New York who sketched out for me the conflicting overlaps between creativity, innovation, reform and testing, and shared their efforts to create coalescence between them.
Proficient?. \Proficient\ is having a moment right now in the education world, so perhaps this is an opportune moment to stop and reflect, to sit and think about how the term, like \all natural\ and \college and career ready,\ doesn't actually mean a thing.
UNC-Chapel Hill Decides It Shouldn't Have A Building Named For A KKK Leader. 
Here's The First College To Adopt Callisto, A New Rape Reporting System. 
Swatting, But Not at Flies. Today my kids learn to deal with equally senseless attacks and murderous individuals. Once again, the vocabulary of measurement is dusted off. They practice the difference between Code Red, Code Green, and Code Yellow, and the instructions Lockdown, Closedown, Closed Campus and Shelter-in-Place.
Diversity in the Legal Profession Begins With Law School. Title VII of The Civil Rights Act of 1964 created the Equal Employment Opportunities Commission to ensure equal, employment advancement for all and makes employment discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, or national origin illegal.
How Texas College Students Are Using Yoga And Tailgating To Stay Sober. 
Understanding Your Finances After Your Child Is Accepted to College. When your child gets an acceptance letter to college, you might feel excited - but also worried about money.
We Can Save Foster Children Only by Educating Them. When President Obama recognized May 2015 as National Foster Care Month, his Proclamation honored \those who dedicate themselves to making a difference.\ As the month draws to a close, those of us working in the foster care trenches need to take a hard look at where we are still failing these children.
Flood Insurance Changes. Real estate investors who have properties in areas requiring flood insurance need to know about changes in the law that went into effect on April 1, 2015. ROI and cash flow considerations make keeping up with cost increases important.
Making the Move From REITs to a More Active Investor Role. I don't want to make this an article about becoming a super fix & flip guru or even managing your own rental properties. What I want to help investors to do is to look at how they can exit REITs but stay in real estate as an investment asset class.
Why Merida Matters. With their massive fan bases and critically praised stories, movies like Brave, Frozen, and The Princess and the Frog have gained so much positive attention.
'Why Columbia' and 'Pitzer's Values'. 
Bringing the Wonder Back to Alice. It's a warm spring evening in Central Park and a group of teens are gathered at the Alice in Wonderland statue, just up from the boating lake. For most of them, frolicking on the iconic statue is probably something they haven't done in a while. But today the teens don't hold back.
A Graduation Toolkit. Today's graduate, just like the rest of us, faces an uncharted world. Creativity, not conformity, is the new security. Booyah.
Buying and Selling Hope, One Student At A Time. When you see students walk the stage at graduation this year, know that behind them is an invisible line of men and women who helped each one to buy hope for themselves and to bet on a future that needs their talent.
The Greatest Love of All. I have written and spoken many times about the fiduciary responsibilities that we have as adults today. We are \trustees\ of our children. We must protect and safeguard them so that more young Victor Casillas Valles can graduate from USF and other colleges and universities throughout the United States. Loving and protecting our children is the greatest love of all.
Educating for Democracy. Since the media have been regularly reporting on indictments and investigations of corporate crime and those responsible for billions of dollars through illegal activity, it becomes apparent that these rich and powerful figures, who now have \the best government money can buy,\ enjoy a \law of the rulers\ instead of the \rule of law\ for which many Americans have fought and died.
The Gentrification Of Higher Ed. 
Poor Children Are Just Nails to Pound. Education is about children -- real, living, breathing, complicated, tender, diverse children. There is no model, no assembly line, no template or standard methodology that can serve them well.
10 Reasons Why We Can't Break Our Spirit Jersey Obsession. 
Why There Is No Shame In Graduating From A School Of The Arts. I am not on top of the Washington Square Arch, but if you'll bear with me, I have a proclamation:\nLet today be the last day we joke that we are stupid or crazy. It's not clever to pretend we hate what we love, and it wasn't wrong study it.
Studying Abroad With a Gluten Allergy. Although having a food allergy is a struggle, do not be discouraged to study abroad! There are ways to make the most of your study abroad experience while avoiding gluten.
Advice To College Grads. 
White Dads, Black Kids. 
At the University of Texas,  Echoes of its Confederate Past Reverberate in the Present. Instead of promoting outdated values, the University should vigorously reeducate its students, if not by removing the statues, at least rededicating the them in a way as to tell the story of the tragedy of needless blood spilled, not of a \glorious past\ that existed only in the minds of those who refused to let go.
It Takes Mentors to Make Commencement Dreams Come True. Even if you've graduated from college, it's never too late to start networking and build your team of mentors.
The Smartest Thing I've Ever Read About Consent. Cathy Young's recent piece in the Washington Post, \Feminists want us to define these ugly sexual encounters as rape. Don't let them,\ is the most important piece to appear in the minefield of modern discourse on \affirmative consent.\
Free Speech at Duke. Faculty should be hired and evaluated on the basis of their teaching, research, and professional service, and should be free to speak as citizens and persons without fear for their jobs.
BerkleeICE & beIN SPORTS Create The Soundtrack Of Copa America. HackingFutbol was a great example of what can happen when you bring people together from different backgrounds, making it a truly international collaboration. However, this is not the end of the road for BerkleeICE and beIN SPORTS.
The Global Search for Education. 
Detroit South. This fall, Volvo will bring its very first facility to North America. South Carolina has become a leader in the emerging auto manufacturing economy, and they're to be lauded for their success in attracting jobs to their state, including BMW and Boeing.
Robert Putnam's Our Kids and Reclaiming the American Dream. I doubt that Putnam fully realizes how appreciative teachers are of his efforts to shift our toxic education debates to a conversation about the real problem, the opportunity gap. To close the racial and economic achievement gaps, we must regain the confidence required to tackle out-of-school issues as well as in-school issues.
Tolerance and Totalitarianism. A disturbing trend is sweeping across American colleges and universities under the guise of protecting students from allegedly offensive speech -- defined differently by different interest groups -- with demands for everything from \trigger warnings\ to banning speakers from campus.
Your Grown-Up First Day. First days are so important to a career because it sets the precedent for the employee you are, who you want to be, and who you will someday become. Things might go wrong, but it is normal when you are adjusting to a new environment.
10 Ways to Inspire a Love of Learning. In 2008, Jessica Seinfeld released a cookbook for parents called \Deceptively Delicious.\ At the time, I was a newly-minted mother of a solid-food eating child. Seinfeld's book was all the rage among the other new mothers in my mama tribe. The recipes were \stealthily packed with veggies hidden in them so kids don't even know!\
Despite Dangers, University Provides Free Tanning After $3 Million Deal. 
Forest Whitaker Tells Grads. 
Posters Near Columbia Accusing Emma Sulkowicz Of Lying About Rape Get Ripped Down Fast. 
Going to an Ivy Doesn't Suck. Mr. Schwartz's article made going to an Ivy seem like an empty dream - maybe even a hoax. Honestly, after two years, I wouldn't trade my time at Penn for the world. If you have the opportunity to go, I strongly recommend it.
Teaching Peace and Life Skills in Schools. 
The Global Search for Education. 
A Number Of Colleges Are Under Scrutiny For Sexual Harassment, But You Wouldn't Know It. 
The Best Ways to Tackle Your Student Loan Debt. I believe the rule of thumb is to not take out more in student loan debt for an education than you expect to earn as an annual salary. However, none of this matters now, so I won't go on with scolding. You may regret the amount you have taken out for your education, but never regret having received a quality education.
The Focus Room, and the Other Side of the Story. The internet is blowing up over The Focus Room incident where a parent discovered that their child was being put in this Focus Room for hours on end. Many are reasonably horrified, and I think there is a lot of reason for concern and investigation. However... I can't help but wonder about the other side of the story
My Head Start. Sometime around my fifth birthday, a clipboard-carrying young woman knocked on the door of my mother's shotgun house in our working-class, east Texas town.
A Particularly Chinese Dilemma. Overshadowing this admirable cultural exchange between two global powers are the desperate lengths Chinese students go to ensure a prized spot at an American university.
The Students Mobilizing Against Campus Racism Nationwide. Hate crimes, discrimination and microaggressions are issues currently facing all American institutions of higher education -- public and private, secular and religiously affiliated, progressive and conservative.
First Amendment Lawsuit Says Student Was Punished for Wearing a T-shirt Advocating Gun Rights. Near the entrance of Logan Middle School is a statue called \The Doughboy\ -- a World War I soldier carrying a firearm in one hand, and in the other a grenade.
The One Thing Missing on Your Post-grad Checklist. While everyone is ordering their caps and gowns, applying to jobs, continuing their education, or just planning for the future, there's one important factor that often gets overlooked
Lesson for Urban Cities. Chicago has been a school reform battlefield for decades. That is why the re-election of Mayor Rahm Emanuel carries with it national implications. In a race mirroring national trends, a centrist big-city Democrat faced off against a progressive challenger attacking him from the left.
The End of Reading in America and Other Related Matters. Reading Shakespeare, the Greeks, and the classics; reading for life-wisdom, nourishment, guidance and growth; reading to save one's soul and to make sense of oneself and the enigma of life -- this kind of reading rarely exists anymore.
Why Kids May Actually Need More Testing, Not Less. The education world has been buzzing after a segment on John Oliver's Last Week Tonight (warning - adult language) that viciously lampooned standardized testing. It's a funny piece about a serious issue that has polarized parents and lawmakers across the country. Are we testing kids too much?
Preying on the Promise of Higher Education. There's a promise we make to the next generation
Tim Cook. 
Two Important Test Questions. The full range of debate about the Big Standardized Tests really comes down to answering two critical questions about the testing
Ed Helms Destroys Rolling Stone's Rape Story Scandal During UVA Speech. 
Grace Helbig's Commencement Speech Reveals Secrets Of Her Success. 
College Student Falls To Death One Day Before Graduation. 
Every College Student Should Try This. Throughout my first two years at Penn, I have had the opportunity to learn from world experts and renowned researchers. But what would I say has been the most valuable part of my Ivy League education?
High School Seniors Who Enlist Get Higher Education of a Different Sort. While most of their classmates will be celebrating the end of high school, the beginning of college, and perhaps be a little nervous at living away from home, these one-percenters will be experiencing excitement and some nervousness of an entirely different sort.
Md. Governor Gives OK to Student Social-Media Privacy Law. Students who attend public or private colleges in Maryland were granted an extra layer of online privacy protections on Tuesday when Gov. Larry Hogan signed a law to shield their private social media accounts from administrators' reach.
Who Needs the Apple Watch? This Startup Is Building Straps That Make Any Regular Watch 'Smart'. By now, we have all heard of the \legendary\ new Apple Watch. But will it really be that legendary? Ingenious marketing and even more groundbreaking products have allowed Apple to build a brand that carries an aura that consumers trust.
Valuing Philosophy Without Valuation. \What are you going to do with your philosophy degree?\ In graduate school, this question proved to be a favorite among those with whom I was getting acquainted for the first time.
Millennials Moving Back in With Their Parents Are Entitled? What if Parents Move in With Them?. I won't live with my parents forever, and we won't always agree. For right now, this situation is appreciated by all of us
Anti-semitism at My Alma Mater. Three weeks ago I received a strange email. \Did I know,\ my friend wondered, \about the antisemitism brewing on the Stanford University campus?\
Youth Empowerment Matters. We know that empowering youth can be as simple as listening to them. And when youth are actively engaged in a problem that concerns them, outcomes are better.
Encouraging the Discouraged Reader. Why do we have so many children that choose not to read? As I pondered that question, I was watching a children's TV channel and decided to do some informal research. I decided to pay particular attention to the commercials being presented to our children.
Student Loses Hope After Too Much Testing (VIDEO). Young people almost always know what is going on in the adult world. So, if you want to know what is working in the classroom or in a school, just ask the students.
Choosing Joy in a Selfish Place. Embracing these last couple of weeks is difficult to do if we are constantly criticizing, quantifying the validity of our experiences by counting the number of \likes\ on our Instragram photos, rather than internalizing our own happiness.
Teachers in Search of Good Research. The phrase \research says\ has been so misused that many teachers cringe when they hear the words. That isn't because helpful research doesn't exist; it's because teachers have been exposed to a lot of bad advice and instruction claiming to be \research-based,\ often in professional-development sessions organized by their principals and superintendents.
Missing Student Found After Parents Arrive For Graduation And Learn He Dropped Out. 
Lessons for Parents on Pink Versus Blue Tech. I've spent the better part of my career looking at how technology influences kids and teens, and how gender can play a role in media experiences. Of course, we know that awareness for gender equality means being attune to our own personal biases and preferences.
Ebola Doctor Tells Grads Why He Didn't Feel Like A Failure When He Lost Patients. 
Colleges Suspend Students For Sexual Assault, But Don't Actually Ban Them From Campus. 
The Radio Shack Phenomenon and the Future of Private Independent Higher Education. What might the future of higher education look like? This new world of higher education will have fewer institutions serving larger numbers of students. The focus, however, will not be on the institutions themselves but what happens (or does not happen) in the classroom.
Private Scholarships -- A Billion-Dollar Rip-Off. Every year there are billions awarded in private scholarships, and who benefits? None other than these \poor\ institutions of higher learning enriching their billion dollar endowment funds at the cost of their deserving students.
Thank And Remember A Teacher. Now, I'm saluting Frances Myers, the teacher that made the difference for me, in the hopes that her granddaughters, my daughter and anyone who's a student, will appreciate all that the best of our teachers do for us.
For Mother's Day, Moms Need Quality Early Learning Opportunities. This year, we have the potential to level the playing field for our low-income children and families. As California's budget surplus continues to soar, policymakers have a choice to make
Cheryl Williams, The Mentor Who Goes Above And Beyond. She teaches her students to listen closely to the rhythm of Shakespeare's words and find meaning in them. She teaches her students to not just find meaning in these ancient texts, but also to find meaning in every day human relationships.
Excuses \u2018R' Us Is Closed For Business. Anyone who thinks that music classes are not as challenging as academic classes has never sat in one of her classes.
Thomas Whitby's Ascent As a Connected Educator. Digital media and its impact on education was still in an embryonic phase in the early 1990s when author and edtech pioneer Thomas Whitby received his Masters of Science degree in educational technology.
Women in the Performing Arts. During this Spring and Summer, I am spotlighting a handful of remarkable women educators in college theatre in my blog series entitled, Women In The Performing Arts.
Developing Resiliency in Lethal School Violence Prevention - Part 1 of 2. Resilience is best defined in practice as the ability to recover. It's a hard topic to bring up regarding school violence prevention - no doubt - but important when we can recognize success stories.
Our First Teachers. As I shared in a post at this time last year, the topic of education always seems to surface when I speak with adult children of all ages about the admiration they have for their mothers.
From Community College to the White House Administration. I'm the U.S. Chief Data Scientist -- and I got my start in community college. Yes, I've got a Ph.D. in applied mathematics, have been fortunate to help build amazing companies like LinkedIn, and have been at the forefront of the data science movement.
Thank You, First Sergeant Westbrook and Gunnery Sergeant Small. If it wasn't for them, I would not be graduating from DePauw University in 18 days. While in high school, they offered me so much guidance in my academic life, but even more impactful was the guidance they offered in my personal life.
The Year of Self-love. I have gone from uttering the words with no feeling to looking at myself with admiration instead of disgust. That is what I have dedicated this year to be; the year of self-love.
Students Are Using Yik Yak To Cheat On Exams. 
What You Should Know About The Experience Of Black College Students. 
Make Like A Sponge!. I always had the feeling that she might have easily been a great writer or leader in any field, but somehow decided to stay in the same classroom for as many years as I have known her, patiently prying young brains with a methodical, calm, questioning style.
To The Teachers Who Taught Beyond The Textbook. I couldn't be more grateful for the teachers who have entered my life and helped to shape me into the person I am.
Mr. MacPherson Circa 1982. Teachers are important and have the extreme ability to change a person's life. Mr. Macpherson is a true example of this.
Women's Colleges Are Admitting Trans And Gender-Fluid Applicants. Now What?. 
A Thank You to Kelly, An Amazing Educator, For Changing My Life. Kelly is the type of educator who calls attention to the aspects of society most people would like to pretend do not exist; the type of educator who cares deeply for her students and their success. Kelly is the type of educator who changes the world, student by student.
Teacher of My Heart. I came from a very poor family, on public assistance, and family life was exceedingly dysfunctional. I started 4th grade a day late. I walked into a class full of children I did not know, but it did not matter -- school was my safe place. And Mrs. Harrison was my shelter.
'The Moment Gratitude Changed My Perspective In The Classroom'. I have experienced many moments of gratitude that have changed my life. Yet as I reflect on these moments, one stands out
Higher Ed Lobby Quietly Joins For-Profit Schools To Roll Back Tighter Rules. 
The Practical Liberal Arts. It is a critical time for liberal arts institutions that serve this student body to engage in better publicity about the vocational value of the liberal arts. Now, there's a message worthy of a commencement address.
The Difference Between Real and Fake News About Marijuana. Even if the folks at D.A.R.E. somehow did not realize that this was likely, at best, a satire site, any qualified drug educator should know that the information about marijuana contained in the article is not even close to accurate.
University Report Card 2.0. Universities are positioned as institutions devoted to the research and discovery of innovations for the benefit of the public that supports them.
How to Solve Dartmouth's Diversity and Inclusion Challenges. Discussions of sexual assault at Dartmouth's students are geared towards the heteronormative sexual and social relationships that emerge primarily in fraternity basements. Dartmouth cannot afford to fail these students by neglecting to prepare them for the spectrum of situations they may encounter.
Working Out on Campus. To be successful in college about working out, you've got to pause that Netflix and get out of bed.
Career Tips for the Class of 2015. For millennial aged graduates entering the career world, you must be armed with tools and strategies to distinguish yourselves from the pack.
Education Community Stands Up for Safe, Effective Data Use. Where student data are concerned, privacy and security are paramount. Information is power, and we need to keep private, personal information out of the wrong hands. But what about getting the right information into the right hands?
A Gay 6-Year-Old's Thank You To His First Grade Teacher, 20 Years Later. I firmly believe that without Lisa, the negative education statistics that plague Latino communities would have become my sobering reality. Instead, Lisa was one of the first people who recognized my potential and instilled in me a passion for learning.
Educating for Democracy. Many more \great students\ could be developed and supported if only their schools allowed their teachers to discover who they really are and nurture their passions. At present we are moving in the opposite direction.
Do Torture, Shunning, Shaming and Humiliation Build Character?. KIPP Schools, Success Academies, Democracy Prep and any number of other \no excuses\ schools are not developing true grit and resilience other than the numb grit required to endure humiliation and the resilience necessary to get up and go to school every day.
College Ready Baloney. In fact, we have no clear, complete, scientifically supported picture of what a college ready student looks like, nor any proven way to measure the complex of qualities (that we still can't name and quantify). Standardized test scores are not a proxy, not even a bad one
Cultivating Your Inner Adam II. What's the most important thing that college students should worry about as they further their education and pursue the rest of their lives?  It's in the form of a question, and that question is
Postmodern Magic. 
The End of College? (or Maybe Just the End of Kevin Carey's Career). Everything will, instead, be online.  Education will be free. It will be worldwide. It will be accessible. It will be meritocratic. Gone will be professors.  Gone will be PhD degrees. Gone will be Harvard. Carey now knows The Secret of Education.
From Instructional Technologist to Educational Evangelist. Today, the educational evangelist, speaker and author travels the globe to explain how technology and social media can best be incorporated within classroom instruction.
Should We Hold Arne Duncan and Every Other Reformer Accountable for Every Child They Hurt?. If reformers want to hold us accountable for each child, wouldn't we have to hold them accountable for every child damaged by their policies? Wouldn't we end up in an even greater education civil war? Or maybe we should...
Opt Outers Face Confusing Summer. Summer vacation is supposed to be a time of camps, family vacations and growth experiences for students and their families. But the massive opt out movement of last April has led to a confusing collapse of summer traditions.
The Worst Way To Start Your Career Search. We all need to make these career mistakes and I'm sure my initial letters were not as eloquent as I would have liked. Graduates need a wakeup call and I'm hopeful that after reading this they'll get one.
Startup Students. 
Why College Signing Day Is Important for the Nation. This Friday May 1st, more than 400 events across the nation have been planned to celebrate College Signing Day. These events will acknowledge students' decisions to pursue their education beyond high school.
Union Rights Are Fundamental to Mission of Public Schools. Our public institutions are strengthened, not weakened, when workers exercise their rights. I wish executives could see that a voice at work for educators fortifies the school, bringing the intellectual assets of teachers and staff to school decision-making.
The Reason Starbucks Employees Were Hesitant To Embrace Its College Tuition Program. 
#UTADNA Grad Student of the Year. 
How One College President Is Opening The Conversation On Race And Equity. 
Responding to Changes in the Rental Market. Owning rental property has been a path to riches for a great many investors. Rental property is funding awesome retirement lifestyles as well. We've also been enjoying a surge in rental demand and rents since the recovery began after the crash in 2007.
The Dynamics of Listening. My suggestions are most easily applied in settings where both teachers and students have considerable autonomy, but I hope these ideas may be useful to teachers even in traditional settings.
Transitioning From the Wholesale to Retail Flip. I LOVE real estate and every facet of real estate investment. From wholesaling and flipping houses to rental property ownership, there's opportunity for profit in every market, whether rising, falling, or sitting still.
A Bunch Of Crap The Class Of 2015 Needs To Ignore. If unnecessary stress is your jam, then by all means, listen to a bunch of people who have no idea what they're talking about.
Step Off the Direct Path, Service Something Larger Than Yourself. 
Does Your Child's School Have a Quality STEM Program?. Based on our work, we have developed standards and criteria for parents and community leaders to quickly gauge the quality of the STEM education programs in their community.
New York Teachers. Even though Hochul was listed separately on the ballot in the primary, Weingarten acknowledged in her September 8, 2014, robocall that she was performing the call on behalf of the Democratic Party -- and the Democratic Party considered Hochul to complete the Cuomo re-election ticket.
The Global Search for Education. 
Is Learning Increasingly Self-Directed in the Digital Era?. It is vital that educators be trained to recognize and nurture self-directed learning using technology and be capable of creating learning environments that support it.
Your Role in the Movement to End Campus Sexual Assault. Students who experience sexual violence should know that they are never alone, and there are many ways to ask for help, from contacting the local police department or notifying campus police to seeking support of friends and family or contacting a local crisis hotline.
Why the American Flag Is the Least of My Worries. If the American flag should be a metaphor and a symbol of anything, it should be of radical possibility -- where the black and brown citizens at the margins are central to America's care and concern, where calls for patriotic response is not the mask of those who refuse to admit the nation's terrible truths.
Stand Up for Sleep-Deprived Students. For growing teens, this daily trudge is more than a minor annoyance. Countless studies and medical experts are sounding the alarm (no pun intended)
5 Books to Get You Out of Your Literary Comfort Zone. While many of you likely don't have the time to read right now with finals and papers and all that fun stuff, you should remember this list for the summer time. Here is a list of books I've read and enjoyed that'll help you step outside your literary comfort zone!
Before a Decision. It's true that one of the hardest places to be is right before a decision. Options to weigh, pros and cons to think about and discuss, research to do and connections to make can be a few of the mind queries before a decision is made. Before a decision is made about which college to attend, several variables should be carefully reviewed
College Admissions. Brand names do not necessarily maximize student's financial success. If financial success is not driving the mania behind college admissions competitiveness, then what is?
Last-Minute Advice for Parents Paying for College - Part I. Four years of homework. Two years of SAT madness. Half a dozen AP classes. And countless hours at volleyball games, debate team competitions, and soup kitchen volunteer work.
The Death of Liberal Arts? Or the Reunion of Broken Parts. Zakaria is a compelling spokesman for the Liberal Arts. He shows unequivocally their importance in the cultural, economic and developmental world and how our world becomes threatened by the narrow focus of Manichean politics.
UNC Students Respond To Anti-Muslim Comments With #NotSafeUNC. 
Man Caught Taking Candid Photos Of College Women And Posting Them To Porn Site. 
Online Avatars May Be Part of Our Developmental DNA. 
The Education Innovators. There has been lots of talk the past few years about the coming \disruption\ in higher education. Technology, critics suggest, will present traditional colleges and universities with daunting challenges. Some have estimated that half will be forced to close their doors in the next 15 years.
Why Attending a College in a Big City Is the Fastest Way to Grow Your Career. College is an important decision. That idea is instilled in many Americans at an early age. We're told that where we go and what we study will determine the life we will lead.
To Meet New Student Standards, We Must Support and Empower Teachers. We have at our doorstep, a once in a century opportunity for education in America. Almost every state in America is introducing higher, more rigorous standards for all students.
Putting Our Children First. This past week, I attended an Orange Township public school board meeting in New Jersey in support of first-year teacher, Marylin Zuniga, who has been suspended from her teaching position at Forest Street Elementary School.
Saying Yes!. Last Thursday was Career Stars in the Media Center at Westland Middle School in Montgomery County. Spending so much time in corporate America, I was a tad nervous and wanted to do an especially good job as my daughter was in the audience.
Of Course I'm Stressed, I'm In College. When my eye started twitching fairly consistently for about week, I was annoyed. I can't be talking to customers or writing an essay if my eye won't stop twitching. The doctor's orders were to \Get more sleep, drink less caffeine, and alleviate stress.\
The Case For Closing The Opportunity Gap. Hong Deng's story is just one of thousands. Every day our country misses out on the talents, dedication and creativity of students like her because we don't give them the tools they need to go to college and launch a career. It's time to change that.
ESEA Goes Further, but Not Necessarily Forward. There are three potentially important improvements and one significant backslide, but any shortcomings in this draft are fixable as this bill moves to the Senate floor. Sounds like a win for students, right? We're not so sure.
Choosing a College? Don't Do This. It's getting down to the wire for members of the Class of 2016, who have until May 1 to put down a deposit at the one (and only one) college they'll be attending.
Reflections on the 2015 International Summit on the Teaching Profession. As exciting as all this was, where were the teachers in these conversations? Many of us felt that we were invited because we actively lead in our schools, communities, and countries, and we expected to have a similar role at ISTP. We felt stifled in the exchange. So, in true teacher form, we didn't give up.
National Fraternity Groups Step Away From Controversial Campus Rape Proposal. 
How Can We Learn from Success Without Some Way of Telling Who's Successful?. Education has always been a bit of a black box. Before the uniform administration of state assessments, even teachers and schools who were doing truly astounding work were often only known to their students and their students' parents.
Hillary Clinton Feels Common Core Pain. Hillary Clinton may need to school herself a bit more on \Leave No Child Behind,\ and the real story of the Common Core, if she wants to move teachers, students and parents off the sidelines. Those of us whose lives are being organized and sorted out for us have a different perspective on these tests.
A GI Bill for Millennials. Congress should amend the President's free tuition idea to create the civilian equivalent of a GI Bill for young adults who engage in 1-3 years of national service. That single change would turn the President's proposal from a college giveaway to an opportunity that serves both the individual and the country.
An Open Letter to My Freshman Year. Laugh a lot, cry a little, and continue to make the memories of a lifetime. Always choose to live by your rules, and let others live by their own. This is your time, your moment, your life, and you're going to be great. So be proud of yourself, you're surviving on your (almost) own for the first time in your life.
A Step Forward in Washington, A Step Back in New York. There's no silver bullet when it comes to helping all children achieve. Great public schools are our best shot. But until we have more leaders willing to look past ideology, listen to those closest to the classroom, and find common ground, we won't move forward.
Am I Ready for Hillary?. Hillary Rodham Clinton is running for President. Let the questions begin. My question is, will she be good for public education?  Clinton's track record hasn't brought her into education issues very often. But there is one huge honking squealing flashing siren wrapped in a fluorescent red flag atop a high-powered blinking crimson light.
The 15 Most Environmentally Responsible Colleges. 
How to Teach Men of Color. As scholars of the male of color experience in college, we are often asked whether all faculty can effectively teach men of color. Most often, what is really being asked is whether White faculty can teach these men.
It's So Obvious That You Are a Med School Student. The way you interact with your fellow med student colleagues at work calls out your job description. It's not the content of what you say to each other as you cross paths in the hospital hallways that leaves your identity utterly exposed. Rather, it is the way your eyes transmit a complex but mutual signal of despair and competition that clearly says it all.
Ohio U. Student Newspaper Suspends Editor for Cutting Secret Deal With School President. One interesting journalism ethics question emerging from the kerfuffle
Notre Dame, Stung By 'The Hunting Ground,' Is Under U.S. Investigation For Sexual Harassment Cases. 
Why Don't We Have Family Leave Policies for High School Students?. Teen parents who are able to finish high school have significantly better outcomes for themselves and their children than those that drop out.  That being the case, why do we offer no legal protection for teens based on their status as parents?
4 Ways the House Republican Budget Hurts Students. These changes are projected to save the government $60 billion over 10 years. While this may sound like a lot, it is a mere two percent of the $3.02 trillion in tax revenue the federal government collected in fiscal year 2014 alone.
Life Will Still Go On. Over the past few weeks, millions of anxiety ridden, adrenaline-filled high school seniors have been receiving those \my life hangs in the balance\ envelopes from various colleges and universities they have applied to.
College Hockey Player Confesses To Rape, But School Decides Against Expelling Him. 
Dollars in Democracy -- Part I. Immense amounts of money from super PACs are flooding in to support politicians. The implications of lobbying are up for debate. However, it seems that lobbying provides a significant amount of political clout going to those with the greatest wealth.
The Power of Parenting with Social and Emotional Learning. On the one hundredth day of school, my son's teacher morphed each first grade child's photograph into an elderly individual with the facial lines of life experience and asked, \What do you want to be like when you are 100?\ My son wrote in response, \I want to be kind to kids.\
Lifelong Learners in a Rapidly Changing World. The pace of change is accelerating, and it's estimated that 70 percent of them will end up in jobs not yet invented. They will collaborate with people on multiple continents, struggling to solve problems we don't yet recognize.
Some Details on the Senate-Proposed ESEA Reauthorization. In the Alexander-Murray reauthorization, assessments continue to eat up a notable portion of state education budgets. However, the language allows for states to seriously reduce testing time from that which is required of the Common Core State Standards (CCSS) consortium tests.
When the Financial Crisis Looms. There are a handful of colleges -- largely research universities and the most selective private liberal arts colleges -- that have the endowment, diversity of funding sources, and enrollment brand strength to wait out or even ignore the looming higher education financial crisis. But these are few in number.
Education Reformers Are So Gullible. The thing voters need to ask themselves is
Bridging the Divide. Last fall, for the first time in our history, America's public school students were likely NOT majority white. If U.S. Department of Education projections are accurate, white students numbered 24.8 million and non-white students 25 million.
Why Tech Companies and Community Colleges Should Form Deeper Partnerships. The time is ripe for community colleges to start partnering up with young tech companies. I'm proud that our company is leading the industry in forging a new kind of relationship.
3 Reasons Why You Should Never Send a Kid to a Dictionary to Look Up the Spelling of a Word. As an elementary school teacher for 17 years, I have been asked for the spelling of a word hundreds, if not thousands, of times. Every time I have been asked -- without exception -- I have given my student the spelling of the word. Happily.
America's Combat Towards Government Surveillance. While focusing on liberal arts is definitely important to teach our children, John Oliver's uncovering of Americans ill-informed comprehension of the Internet proves we need to place computer science at the same core level as math, science, history and reading.
Mind the College Financial Aid Gap. Last week, I visited two public schools in Los Angeles to help lower and middle class seniors decide which college to accept by May 1. After speaking with these struggling students, I re-designed my presentations for the rest of this month to focus on these five topics.
Marco Rubio Is the Biggest Threat to Hillary Clinton in 2016. It'd be na\u00efve for democrats to think that these demographic and geographic advantages won't boost the young, handsome and telegenic Senator into a pretty good position against their all-but-anointed nominee.
6 Things You Can Only Learn About Life By Traveling. Growing up in Canada, I always knew that I wanted to explore the world. I researched doing a student exchange in high school, and was always fascinated by National Geographic. It wasn't until university that I got the chance (and the motivation) to pursue this dream.
Far More College Students Riot Due To 'Drunken Idiocy' Than For Activism. 
Where Have All the Teachers Gone and How Do We Get Them Back?. We need more policymakers and parents pushing for a day when there isn't a rush to see the school lists of who will be teaching their child because every classroom is led by an excellent teacher.
An Education That Starts With Morning Rhythms. School for me does not start in the classroom. My lessons begin the minute I leave my house. My commute now shapes my identity in ways I never imagined when I decided to attend high school in the heart of Chicago.
Reflections of an Octogenarian VIII. Through its unholy partnership with high stakes testing, the charter school movement has diverted our attention from the real issues confronting us and discouraged genuine innovation and reform. To paraphrase Einstein, \Charter schools are to experimentation as military music is to music.\
Seven More Reasons to Opt-Out of High-Stakes Testing. In case you need more reasons to oppose high-stakes Common Core tests, here are seven more reasons to opt-out.
The Hidden Benefits of Rejection. In the deepest darkest moments of grief over your rejection, remind yourself that you are not alone, that this is normal and that this experience doesn't have to be a waste.
What Little League Baseball Tells Us About the Skills Gap. Talent is fueled by a natural curiosity and love of learning that is either encouraged -- or squelched -- at a very early age.  By the time we reach peak earning years, we've spent thousands of hours mastering what we need.
A New Grad Student's Guide to the FAFSA. If you're going to grad school and new to the world of financial aid, or want a refresher, this guide will walk you through what you need to know to complete your FAFSA.
ASU + GSV Report. Administrators need to ensure the product is economically feasible, teachers need to believe it promotes desired outcomes (increasingly aligned to Common Core and other standards), and students need to engage and not feel as if the technology is being forced upon them.
From Rain to Riches?. We've dealt with this unwanted houseguest for nearly four months, and still it lingers in dirty patches. Even when it seems like the snow is ready to leave, like the river might mobilize again, it changes its mind and sits back down.
8 Ways to Make College More Accessible to Low-Income Students. Amidst our platitudes and promises of equity and justice, there are some pretty clear-cut reasons why low-income students are dropping out, failing out, or never even starting college.
Ethnic Studies Background Increases Job Marketability. You pitch yourself every day. Whether it be to a friend or a client, a job or a new business venture, pitching is a daily process of life that involves knowing people, knowing about people, and knowing how to communicate with people.
Success Academy Works for My Kid. No doubt there are parents who feel that Success' approach to teaching and learning is not a good match for their child. No one should press these parents to send their children to such a school -- nor should they be forced to praise teaching methods with which they disagree.
Reply All Email Creates Havoc For Case Western Students' Inboxes. 
Grade-Span Tests Are Not the Answer. Congress can ensure a better future for our kids by reauthorizing the Elementary and Secondary Education Act with language that empowers schools to limit redundant benchmarking assessments, maintains annual standardized tests for third through eighth grade, and changes the stakes to offer more support to teachers serving students with the greatest needs.
Student Academic Success Gets Boost From Fitness and Nutrition. As Mrs. Obama asserted, \if we all keep pushing forward, day after day, year after year, we will finally be able to give our kids the healthy futures they so richly deserve.\
March Madness Contenders' Research Programs Put to the Test. For three consecutive years, inspired by the NCAA's March Madness, Thomson Reuters has hosted \Metrics Mania\ a competition that takes these teams off the court for a faceoff on the strength of their scholarly research programs.
Reflections From Ivy Day. Am I proud of her because she got into Yale? It brings up the problematic question of whether I would be proud of her if she didn't get in -- and of course I would be. I am always proud of her, because she is brave and brilliant and she is my sister.
Race to the Top. Note to presidential candidates
Should I Have Gone to Bard?. While I am not planning on transferring to Bard anytime soon, I hope our university will return to its commitment to dialogue and diversity of opinion, and finally restore the Brandeis University-Al-Quds University partnership.
Strive for Rising Expectations. Ultimately, setting goals is the president's responsibility.  Remember, though, the institution is best served by reaching high. As Robert Browning famously said, \a man's reach should exceed his grasp or what's a heaven for.\
Spare Change. At a time when Washington seems gridlocked if not totally broken, and just as our economy is turning around, I worry that too many people will be left out of the rebound.
Punishment For Sexual Assault At UVA? A Letter In His File. 
UNC Charlotte Students. 
In 22 States, You Could Lose Your License For Not Paying Your Student Loans. 
Why Students At The University Of Washington Want To Put Their Phones Away. 
It's April!  What You Need To Do During This Final Stage of College Admissions. With a few exceptions, April 1st is the day by which colleges release their admissions decisions to applicants. Hopefully, all of your waiting will be over and done with in a few days. I hope that you are happy with your choices.
Can Online Fundraisers Save Struggling Schools?. A couple of recent stories highlight schools turning to online fundraising to provide students with everything from basic classroom supplies to long-distance field trips.
Student Loan Victims Pay the Price of ED Inaction. If legal remedies for borrowers, such as defense to repayment, exist only on paper, they are not worth very much. Meeting with Corinthian borrowers is the first step in the Department's necessary recognition that it needs to be more proactive and protective when it comes to student borrowers.
Adventures of a Creationist at the Field Museum. A homeschooling mom's video recently went viral and offers insight into the minds of people outraged at the idea of science museums. An audit implies a power relationship, and Fox had come to the Field Museum on a mission to put those scientists in their place.
Move Over Memorization. We have to ask ourselves, now that answers to myriads of questions are a google search away, why would we measure student knowledge by an ability to regurgitate facts through multiple choice tests?
Cheating All Around. If this system of widespread and coordinated cheating has a positive outcome, it is to cast a bright light on the desperation of people trying to survive a system that punishes rather than supports struggling.
Another School Vacation? How Parents Can Prevent the Spring Slide. Spring is here, which means warm weather, antsy children, and another school vacation. When the fun and relaxing times end, returning to school can be quite overwhelming.
Schools ENACT Positive Change With Drama Therapy. Trained extensively in the ENACT method, actors create a \safe container\ for students, many of whom are recruited for the program because of behavioral or truancy issues that are threatening to derail their academic careers.
Can Students Wear American Flag Clothing to School?. School officials banned the wearing of the American-flag clothing on only one day of the school year. What day was that? Cinco de Mayo -- a day to celebrate Mexican heritage. School officials did not ban American-flag clothing on any other school day -- just one.
The PDP Farce -- Wink, Wink, Nod, Nod. PDPs - Professional Development Plans (usually referred to as Professional Development Points by teachers) - are the primary means of giving teachers needed training during their careers.
What Does \Where's Waldo\ Have in Common With the Nation's Main Education Law?. When my children were much younger, I loved playing \Where's Waldo\ with them, trying to find the character in the distinctive hat amidst a confusing mass of other figures. They have grown, and now I play \Where's ESEA?\
The Barriers to Technology in Education. For technology within the classroom to be effective, there must be noticeable benefits resulting from it and concerted studies are required to quantify the effects of technology on education.
Universities, Public Spaces and the Democratic Way of Life. Public spaces allow for expressions of higher education's best democratic values -- free exchange of ideas, thoughtful discussion, appeal to evidence and respect for different perspectives. Such spaces can engage people's private interests and identities.
Colleges of the Future Must Go Back to the Future. Higher education must educate young people for jobs that do not yet exist, to solve problems that have yet to be identified. Upon graduation, they must be fully capable of adapting to change and reinventing themselves throughout their professional careers.
'Brograine'. 
If the Money Belongs to the Student.... I've resisted this notion for a long time. The money, I liked to say, belongs to the taxpayers, who have used it to create a school system that serves the entire community by filling that community with well-educated adults. But hey-- maybe I've been wrong.
Dear Educators. We've had enough of the lies -- being told that our students can't do the work, aren't proficient, and don't have what it takes to succeed in public schools.
Leadership Equity at Public Liberal Arts Colleges. As colleges and universities mark and celebrate Women's History Month, it may be worthwhile to reflect on the relationship between institutional history and efforts to advance gender equity at the presidential level.
The College Admission Frenzy, Greek Life Gone Wild and Income Inequality. As this divide becomes more stark and difficult to bridge, it would seem likely that there is erosion in the sense of connectedness with others unlike oneself. Communities become either more homogenous or more disconnected.
You Got the Job -- Now Here's What to Expect. If your first full-time job is locked down by the time you cross the stage on college graduation day, you're probably feeling a mix of excitement and relief. But looking back on the past four years doesn't usually come without a hint of anxiety for the future
Seeing the College Admissions Glass as Half-Full. The happiest students in this process are willing to attend several colleges on their lists; they realize that these colleges will offer them extraordinary programming, including merit scholarships.
Duke Investigates Reports Of Student Taunted With Racist SAE Chant. 
The 39 Most Iconic College Town Food Joints Across North America. We strongly believe that few things strike the core of a college's essence than where its students choose to hang out and chow down.
The Indignant and Audacious Teacher. Jill O'Malley, known to her readers as The Indignant Teacher, was a dedicated professional and mother of three from Boston. She shared many of the traits of the ten finalists for the Global Teacher Prize, an initiative intended to identify and celebrate what is working in education.
Why the American Flag Fiasco Is the Best Thing to Happen to UC Irvine. I saw first-hand this story escalate through the ranks of social media and television media. The sole reason this controversy was brought to light was because our student body refused to remain silent.
Bracketology. Instead of bracketing off college experience as foolishness, we should take what happens at college more seriously
Teaching Students Happiness and Innovation. As educators and parents, we know that our kids will create the future. What skills should they be learning at school and at home to help them along the way? Ferry offers new ways of thinking about parenting and education and the values our children need to attain.
8 Ways Blended Learning Changes the Game. Despite having been raised by two teachers and working for an ed tech company, I knew that sending my oldest off to kindergarten this year would be an education for me.
Have You Any Decency? What Every American Needs to Know About High Stakes Testing and the Latest Threat to Civil Liberties. While supporters of the corporate education reform agenda are denigrating parents, belittling students and targeting organize labor, one wonders who is keeping an eye out for protecting civil liberties and preserving American democracy.
Office Hours to the Rescue. Being so close to the finish line and seeing the relationships some of my friends have built with their favorite professors, I wonder if maybe it would have been a good idea to push myself a little, face my fear, and maybe learn more about my professors than I did by simply sitting in their classes day after day.
Sweet Briar College and the Homogenization of U.S. Higher Education. While in the end every school must be a good steward of its resources, a society in which any college is largely interchangeable with another will be a poorer one, and the closure of schools like Sweet Briar College moves us further in that direction.
The Global Search for Education. 
Will Ferrell Says Racist Frat Song 'A Real Argument For Getting Rid' Of Fraternities Altogether. 
Why Critical Thinking Will Never Be on the Test. Critical thinking is NOT starting with the conclusion that you want to reach and then constructing a bridge of arguments specifically designed to get you there, and yet this is perilously close to the kind of thinking a standardized test requires.
How I Used Instagram to Land My Dream Internship. Everybody uses social media in some capacity. Just look around you; whether it's your parents trying to maneuver their way through Facebook, your favorite clothing brand on Instagram, or your friends on Twitter, we are all connected online in some way.
Invisible. Here was where the concept of invisibility first occurred to me
Suggestions to High-School Students for Reading Shakespeare  --  Part 3. The initial strangeness you may encounter in reading Shakespeare is simply the play's way of telling you that you've entered another world, which is, after all, why you're reading his play in the first place.
Your College Degree Won't Protect You From Institutional Racism. The experiences of Martese Johnson and Lawrence Otis Graham prove that adhering to the code of respectability politics does not guarantee protection from the sensory and institutional aspects of racism.
Graduation Rates Are Rising, but Too Many Students Are Still Falling Behind. Even with these improvements, one in five students is still not graduating on time, and the graduation rate remains 13.4 percentage points lower for black and Hispanic students than for white students.
OU Frat Chant and Civics. The Constitution does not rest in hibernation, on call to periodically adjudicate what one may perceive to be a specific injustice. It instead must live in ongoing tension.
SAE Sets Up Anonymous Hotline To Report Racism By Fraternity Members. 
Police Say Penn State Fraternity Circulated Nude Photos Of 'Unsuspecting Victims'. 
Is Your Child's Creativity Going Unnoticed?. Intelligence is of course an important part of the equation but what of creativity, of identifying and measuring divergent thinking, and fostering its development?
The Questionable Success of My 21st Birthday. Good News
Americans Think Closing SAE Frat Over Racist Song Was The Right Call. 
College is Much More Than an End Game. I would argue that attending a top college is not worthwhile because of the brand name of the institution, but rather because of the resources and opportunities for high level scholarship, access to top professors, alumni networking and motivated classmates.
Parents as Chief Advocates. Dear Fellow Parents, Did you know that in addition to your responsibilities of Chief Caregiver, Chief Cheerleader and Chief Taxi driver, Chief Advocate is high on the list? If you have a child with special needs, you know exactly where I'm going with this.
Leave Second-Guessing to Others. 
Comparing Federal Student Loans to Other Household Debt is Popular -- It's Also Wrong. Is it really appropriate to compare student loans with mortgages, auto loans and credit card debt? If I put on my consumer hat, it feels like we should. If I put on my economics hat though, student loans seem absurdly incomparable to practically every other form of household debt.
12 Things Teachers Think But Can't Always Say to Parents. Please know that both legally and ethically, there are times when I want to say something or agree with you but cannot for a multitude of reasons, usually pertaining to the privacy of another student. I will miss your child for the rest of my life, even if your child was incredibly difficult and made my days long and exhausting.
Homage to My Teachers. It is ironic that the Women's Rights Movement which has opened up the doors of opportunity for talented women to have a greater choice of vocation has had a negative effect on recruiting the most gifted among them for careers in education. The future course of education must be to make the profession as attractive as it has become in Finland.
One Speaker's Thoughts on Campus Litigation, Free Speech and Hostile Environments. I have concluded that the productive discussion I envisioned cannot occur in the shadow of active litigation and the resulting present intense polarity. For these reasons, I will not lecture at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign in the spring of 2015.
Applying the Lessons of Self-Defense to Anti-Semitism. Whether we'd like to admit it or not, anti-Semitism on campus is not going to go away that easily. College administrations have done nothing to stop the anti-Semitism of Students for Justice in Palestine or other hateful organizations.
First Job Blues. I work very well with others and have always easily got along with most people. Given my personality, I never thought being a waitress at a retirement community restaurant would pose such a difficult challenge.
What I Learned from a College Tour. Like most of us, I tend to assume however subconsciously that institutions I have passed through remain more or less preserved in time as in my own memory. I was surprised to see how much has changed since I graduated in 1988.
UMD Frat Brother Allegedly Sent Racist Email, Signed Off With 'F*** Consent'. 
How to Make It In America. Eventually I found my feet, started working on my practical skills and basically realized that opportunities were not going magically appear. I needed to create them for myself. Here are some things I learned along the way that I think are vital parts of any practical skillset when job-hunting.
The Global Search for Education. If we want to transform the K-12 education system to meet the needs and challenges of 21st-century citizenship and leadership, we need to ensure global learning is available for all.
The Ten Commandments of Networking Emails. 
On \Thesising.\ Or, Academic Privilege.. I, too, am part of the thesis tribe, and it is a strange, bewildered one. While we are all aware of the stress of completing these daunting documents, all theses are hugely idiosyncratic and often difficult to explain in an elevator pitch to others.
The March Is Not Over Yet. Television scenes of nonviolent demonstrators beaten by police shocked the nation. As the movie Selma details, the March played a critical role in the passage of the 1965 Voting Rights Act.
'Melodrama'. 
Dozens Of Students Stage Anti-Racism Protest At University Of Oklahoma. 
An Interview with a Revolutionary, Professor Peter McLaren. \My advice to teachers is to democratize access in your institutions so that working families from urban and rural sectors can attend, and give the poor the same chance to prepare for higher education as the rich since the goal of education is to create an egalitarian society.\
The Straw That Broke the Teacher's Back. Real education reform requires many voices, working on a variety of platforms, and a variety of issues. But the one voice that is consistently missing is the voice of educators. We can change that as a profession.
#Selma50. Now is the time for us to speak out, join together and reclaim the promise of America. That starts by educating our students about the impact of the civil rights movement, acting collectively to achieve a renewal of the Voting Rights Act and redoubling our efforts to ensure all children grow up in safe communities with high-quality neighborhood public schools.
Skills for Social Progress. Excellent schools make sure their students have access to the world's most advanced knowledge, they strengthen key skills such as creativity, critical thinking, collaboration and communication. But their main differentiator is that they also develop mindfulness, curiosity, courage, resilience and leadership.
Hey College Students, Being Smart Is Okay. Don't feel guilty for having your hard work pay off. Don't feel guilty for not wasting your time and money. Don't feel guilty for realizing your potential and most of all never feel guilty for achieving the goals you set for yourself.
UC Irvine Student Government Bans American Flag, Others From Campus Area. 
Is Early Reading a Problem?. Giving each child the earliest best possible shot at learning to read is an admirable and worthwhile goal, but demanding that each and every child meet a One Size Fits All standard is not, particularly when that standard has not taken into account the realities and varieties of early child development.
How Internship Success Can Jumpstart Your Career. I vividly remember the first piece of advice my university tour guide told me as I took my first steps through campus
UC Santa Cruz Student Protesters Cause Traffic Jam And Shut Down Campus. Millennial angst, for lack of a better term, fueled the 96 hours of demonstrations by students at UC Santa Cruz. Gen Y students are protesting on other University of California campuses against issues like 'police terror,' tuition hikes, and having to pay for education in general.
Why Our Kids Don't Love School Anymore. Parents and students talked about the dramatic changes in curriculum and a flood of test prep in classes and homework.  Some spoke about the massive expenditures for technology and testing materials, as hands-on instructional time declined.
Why Going Online Could Cause Girl Scouts' Values to Crumble. This year, the Girl Scouts of the USA have gone digital.  Girl Scouts can now control all aspects of cookie sales completely online.  Young Scouts have the ability to track orders, handle money, and communicate with buyers through a digital platform.
Doctor, Lawyer, Camel Rancher. When you became a parent, you were entrusted with a squishy little bundle of brains, possibilities, and aspirations--and you committed to giving your offspring everything at your disposal and more.
Good Habits Live Long. My identity and story are built on passions and habits. For example, something in my mind and body prevents me from falling asleep without reading the hard copy of the front page of The New York Times every night.
What Yeezy Taught Me. While Kanye West might not be the hero our generation wants, he is without a doubt the hero our generation needs. Along with how to artfully toe the line between confident and cocky, here are five other lessons that we can all learn from Mr. West.
17 Suggestions for Choosing Classes in College. Discussion-oriented classes in which you learn to articulate your perspective and respond to that of others are valuable not only for clarifying and refining your thinking, but also for developing essential tools for participating as a valued team member at work, in your avocations, and in the civic life of your community.
Two Words We Need to Hear More in Higher Education. There are so many other me toos that we -- the students of challenging, top tier universities -- don't talk about, me toos that we shove down and brush away and keep inside.
Doing It Yourself. 
Restore the True Spirit of ESEA. Congress has the opportunity to invest in our nation's most valuable resource -- our youth. We need to write to our legislators to remind them of the original intent of ESEA and the need to ensure that our students get a world-class education that allows them to become contributing members of society.
How Hashtags Evolved And Changed The Way We Communicate. We've already pretty much streamlined the communication process so we basically don't even talk to each other in real life anymore.
Staggering Number Of Colleges Request 'The Hunting Ground' Screenings. 
This Is What Passes As #CollegeGourmet On Campus. 
Campus Debit Cards. This is another area where Congress should step up to the plate. Students need to be protected from deceptive marketing. And debit card agreements between companies, colleges and universities should be subject to the same transparency requirements as campus credit cards.
Hidden in Plain Sight. You might not have observed what is called \street art stickers\ before, but once you do, you'll start seeing them everywhere.
Flipping the Way Students (and Professors) Do College. Being read to, besides being redundant, is demeaning and frustrating. I need a professor not as a middle-man for information, but as a motivating and encouraging figurehead of the classroom.
Why Smartphone Use Helps Develop 21st Century Skills in Higher Education. The future of mobile use in education promises apps specifically designed to support 21st century skills like self-regulation, which set a foundation for growth and development throughout a lifetime.
Suggestions to High-School Students for Reading Shakespeare -- Part 2. Reading is their sanctuary, their Holy of Holies, and when they are reading, they are on holy ground. Reading is their inspiration, their sacrament, their solace, their strength, and blessed are they who have discovered their bliss.
Why I've Stopped Apologizing. While elementary school taught me the importance of saying sorry for my mistakes, my experiences in college have shown me how to live life unapologetically.
Parent Involvement in Schools Matters. In the 11th and 12th grade, I had a student whose mother was in jail. He did not have much of a relationship with her. She had been incarcerated on and off for most of his life. One Friday afternoon, he told me she was going to be released. He had a car and planned to meet her after school across town.
Financial Aid Guide For Families. Most families aren't able to cover the full cost of their children's college experience, which means financial aid will play at least a part of their college planning. If you're thinking about applying for financial aid for your college-aged student (or thinking ahead for a child who's got some time left to go), here are the fundamentals you need to know.
Of Teachers and Educational Technology. With the digital revolution spreading its wings into all aspects of society, its inroads into academia are unavoidable. It is therefore essential that teachers be prepared both mentally and skill-wise in the use of technology in the classroom.
Learning From Improvement or Not. When I visited it was clear that a lot of things had spurred school improvement, but it had all started with a change in leadership. This is completely in line with all the best research -- school improvement almost always starts with a new principal.
New York Is a Leader in the Fight Against Sexual Assault on College Campuses. Sex assault and rape are huge problems on our campuses in New York and across the country. Indeed, evidence suggests that the information gap in this area adds to the problem and proves to be highly misleading for students and families.
Soon Student Loans Will Look Like the Tax Code. Colleges make it simple for students to borrow by packaging several different types of federal loans... Sometimes, schools even give students more loans than they need. The students have to accept the package and deal with the loans when they leave, whether they graduate or not.
No, More Campus Guns Won't Decrease Rape. Several members of various state legislators have trotted out the idea that what is missing from college campuses, particularly the hands of 18-year-old women, are six shooters, or even better, semi-automatic handguns.
Have We Already Solved the Student Debt Crisis?. Kevin Carey posits that the market dominance of federal student loans combined with income-driven repayment plans has solved student debt crisis. It's an intriguing and optimistic thesis.
The Challenges of Transfer Application Essays. Transfer applications, often due March 1, pose challenges that students did not face the first time around. Some supplemental essays are so redundant it's as if the schools' admissions staffs have never read the personal statement prompt.
The Razor Scooter Incident. Maybe my father has been there at every accident, but he has also been there to pick me up and dust me off after every one.
The Hidden Value of Serving Salad. Upon reflection, I believe there are many reasons why business schools have not been as effective in teaching generosity over greed. One is that we rarely are placed in circumstances that cause us to change our thinking about people, problems or the cost of poverty and neglect.
Five Questions for LaVerne Evans Srinivasan. LaVerne Evans Srinivasan, the new Vice President of Education Programs at Carnegie Corporation of New York, speaks with Deanna Lee, the Corporation's Chief Communications and Digital Strategies Officer, about finding inspiration and innovation.
21-year-old  Eastern Ky. University Woman Loses 175 Pounds in 14 Months. Outside of our shared love for Eastern Kentucky University, Elizabeth and I came at the decision to do the gastric sleeve surgery from very different perspectives.
You Should Have Your Heart Broken at Least Once. Once you have accepted that the past is in the past, you can finally do the hardest feat imaginable. Let go.
Truth and Consequences. Winston Churchill once defended democracy by calling it, \The worst form of government, except for all those other forms that have been tried from time to time.\ Perhaps the same can be said for test-based accountability.
Prejudice. Why did being \skinny,\ \black\ or walking in a neighborhood become perceived as the sign of a perpetrator or criminal? Why did a communication barrier give an officer the prerogative to throw a fragile grandfather to the ground?
Inheriting the Greek Language. The Greek language is truly a gift to the development of European civilization, and its culture has influenced many people extending beyond the borders of Europe.  Although many educated Europeans carried with them the love for the ancient Greek language and culture upon settling in the New World, not much was known about the Greek culture as a whole.
Reflections of an Octogenarian IV. Educators are still talking about a core curriculum, but nothing about its core. A few isolated voices call out for a \national conversation about race,\ but, for the most part, it goes unheeded.
The Global Search for Education. We liked their innovative ideas so much, we decided to invite these talented 12 back each month to answer one big picture question related to 21st century education.
In 5 Minutes, This Student Destroys Our Double Standards For Men And Women. One College Student Used Sports To Break Down Double Standards For Men And Women
Meningitis Bacteria To Blame For Oregon Student's Death. 
No Child Left in Isolation. If you want to close achievement gaps between poor students of color and their wealthier white counterparts, you must reduce the high levels of socioeconomic isolation in urban communities.
The Elephant in the School Failure Debate. By all means we need high expectations in our schools. But with the spotlight on income gaps, it's time to draw in the missing parts of the picture. Poverty is real. We need action at the statehouse, not just the schoolhouse, to enable educators to succeed in spite of it.
If Ever There Was a Kid Born to Read. We took our son to the bookstore constantly in the first four years of his life. What happened next was astounding.
Storied Princeton Eating Club Elects First Female President. 
Students Fight to Keep Affordable College From Becoming Extinct. Much attention has rightly been paid to reforming student loans, such as making sure borrowers can refinance high-interest loans and expanding income-based payment options. These programs, though they would help millions of struggling borrowers, aren't a tourniquet, but only a bandage on a $1.2 trillion student debt crisis.
Roald Dahl, The BFG and the Measles. If people are afraid -- and it is fear that underlies the refusal to vaccinate -- they don't need to be badgered or sneered at, they need to be reassured. And that reassurance comes best from someone they trust. If not Roald Dahl, perhaps an older person who might remember what it was like before vaccines.
Living Your Future Is An Authentic Process. 
Animal Housing. Sorry alumni. But it's a different world than the one you knew, and it's not pretty.
The Best Class I Have Taken. To spend more time with my two little girls and to learn something new together, I enrolled us in a Taekwondo dojang.
4 Reasons to Rethink Entrepreneurship Education. Students need to know how to grow a successful business, whether it's their own or a fledgling startup, many of which need employees who understand entrepreneurial and sustaining business practices. Our success -- and that of our students and their new ventures -- depends on it.
Working With the College Financial Aid Office. Paying for college is a major financial commitment for students and their families. Fortunately, there are many sources of financial aid that can help reduce the price tag of a college education. And one of the best places to learn about your options is the college Financial Aid Office.
Speaking of Measles, Scott Walker's Vaccine Against Education. Given those kinds of positive results for Wisconsin, one could say that Walker has been rather pro-education. So, why has he suddenly decided to go on the offensive against education?
Back to the Future?. It is my strong belief that if we, as an educational community, are to succeed in taking full advantage of our ever-evolving \21st century\ tools, we first need to commit ourselves to sharpening our understanding and usage of some \20th century\ (or older) educational staples.
Parents, Share Your Story. It has never been easier to learn. Formal and informal learning options abound. The opportunity set has never been greater. But, as opportunities and options explode, families are faced with unprecedented amounts of decisions related to education.
Stanley Fish on Academic Freedom. Interested in academic freedom?  If so, you should read Stanley Fish's new book, Versions of Academic Freedom
Martin Shore and Berklee City Music Join Forces With 'Take Me to the River' Educational Initiative. In honor of Black History Month last week at the Apollo, director and producer Martin Shore and legendary artists celebrated the launch of an educational mission to empower and educate students.
Suggestions to High School Students for Reading Shakespeare \u2013- Part 1. All paths lead to the mountaintop, and every teacher of Shakespeare has his or her way of teaching his plays.  This is the first in a series of articles that explore one teacher's suggestions to high-school students for reading his plays. These articles are addressed to students, but teachers also may find them of interest, as may the general reader.
Why Your Power Nap Is Definitely Worth It. As a college student, I can confidently say that napping is something that most of our demographic does pretty well. Whether we're making up for an all-nighter or just catching up on snoozing during our free time, napping is a common college activity across the nation.
Is Teach for America Beginning to Lose Its Luster?. A recent article notes that the TFA program is \suddenly having recruitment problems.\ The article reveals that applications are down 10 percent, yet the demand for recruits from the program \is extremely high,\ according to the co-chief executive of Teach for America.
The Global Search for Education. Technology has become further integrated into the daily operations of most Australian schools.\nThe entire teacher workforce can now collaborate nationally on innovations in practice that address the problems they encounter in implementing a new curriculum.
Are You Listening to Your Kids?. If you answered six or more of these questions, then you really understand your child and are an involved parent. If you do not know these answers, it is not too late to listen, talk and be a part of your child's life.
Leveling the Playing Field for Our Kids. A high-quality public education can unlock our children's potential. It can bring communities together. It can ensure a top-notch workforce for our economy and an engaged citizenry for our democracy. We have an opportunity with the ESEA reauthorization to help reclaim the promise of public education.
3 Questions When Choosing a College. Are you stressed out over where to go to college? Congratulations! It probably means you're taking this whole thing seriously. My goal as a counselor and teacher who writes about this stuff is to make sure you don't take it so seriously that it starts messing with your head.
Hazards of the 'Me' Culture. Whatever the case, Brian Williams' downfall is symptomatic of our culture. No doubt Williams felt compelled to spiff up his newscasts.
5 TED Talks for Encouragement and Motivation. I decided to take a couple days to revisit hobbies I love (because there are more kinds of love than just the romantic kind), like blogging on a more consistent basis than I have for the past six months. So, if you ever feel stressed or like you're in a rut, or even if you're just flat out bored, check out some of these amazing TEDTalks for inspiration!
Social Media Is Another Canvas for Millennial Artists. I want to be a master in my field, so I don't have time to get caught up in a distraction that shouldn't exist. I want to be a great artist someday, and that won't happen if I become satisfied by likes and nice comments from being a \good\ artist.
Frequencies. I've noticed that as soon as I allow myself to worry about something, it begins to take over all my thoughts. Worrying only leads to more worrying, so instead of allowing anxieties to plant themselves in my mind, I replaced them with more positive things.
Hamburger for My Valentine. This Valentine's Day, McDonald's should make a concrete commitment to serve meat raised without the routine use of antibiotics. This commitment would go a long way for public health, and might have millennial's saying \I'm lovin' it\ again.
New School, New Start. The truth is, being a transfer is not easy. But the experience is only as difficult as I allow it to be. I know that I will find my footing soon, and in the meantime, I will focus on the people who matter most to me.
Poetry. 
Everyone Seems to Be Doin' Valentine's Day Wrong. Why is Valentines Day a day that some people dread? It is a day to appreciate or admire your relationship, or those who are in special relationships.
This University Tumbling Team's Flight Got Delayed, So They Channeled Beyonce. 
The Chapel Hill Shooting. Who is teaching kids problem-solving, or entrepreneurism, or how to collaborate and appreciate diversity? Tests don't really assess that.
Reality, Risk & Reward. If we're going to wring our hands over whether today's kids are losing creativity, though, it only takes seeing the smiles and obvious pride on \MasterChef Junior\ participants' faces to suggest that it's worth the attempt.
Have the Guts to Go With Your Guts. 
5 Questions to Ask Before Making a Career Change. What is it that I truly want out of my career? Answering this question honestly is hard. More money? Prestige? To feel like I'm contributing to something bigger than myself?
Welcome to the PAGE2Ferguson Blog Salon. At this time of protest over systems of power, oppression, racism, and police brutality, Imagining America
How a Student from the Non-College Track Became a Founder of Schools. We Americans believe in equality; therefore we believe each of us has a unique potential waiting to be realized. But only some of us excel in academics, just as some of us excel in athletics, performing arts, salesmanship and so on.
Yeah, It's Winter in New England. Chill Out.. I did it. I wished for this. When it started snowing -- a couple of weeks ago now -- in Boston, I confided to a friend
An \Informed Consumer\ of Students' Test Scores. The care we give to buying a vacuum cleaner is absent when we consider the test scores released to the news media by the states and local school districts. And, from those test scores the news media, politicians, and the general public reach simplistic conclusions about the effectiveness of public education.
Out of the 'Boat', And Into the Frying Pan. The ABC network show is giving the American population a brief, but authentic window into the life of an Asian American family. TIME has hailed the Eddie Huang creation with \the makings of an American original.\ And that's exactly what we are -- American originals.
Seeking a Secular Community in College. We should spend less time denying there's a big man in the sky and more time wrestling with its moral implications -- trying to build lives as rich, purposeful and filled with beauty as those of the faithful.
Positive Post-It Note Day Sheds Light on a Tragic Year at Appalachian State University. Thousands of vibrant colored notes were posted across campus -- some included funny pick-me-ups, others encouraging words of motivation, while more featured memorable quotes. Bender described it as \a blur of colorful optimism.\ All with one collective purpose
CM's Top 10 Schools for Cheerleading. For anyone who has seen Bring It On, you know that cheerleading is not all fun and pom-poms. What you don't know is what happens to talented cheerleaders once they graduate from their kingdom -- high school.
Comp Me, Baby, One More Time. The way we structure community here doesn't just affect us in this place, at this moment. It affects the kinds of powerful, scarily driven, sleep-deprived, sometimes demagogic people we as an institution are putting out into the world.
Learning From Failure. Most innovations fail. And like NPR Planet Money's Adam Davidson explains, \life span of innovations has never shorter, meaning that failure happens more quickly.\ So it is not too soon to start to contemplate of the obituaries of the contemporary school reform movement.
Why College Might Cost So Freaking Much. Can the rise in this average price be pinned on general economic principles (the \cost-disease\ argument) alone, or might there still be room to blame inflation in higher ed partially, or entirely, on Bennett's \greedy schools?\
A Better Way to Spend $60 Billion? Expand Pell Grants. Let's make an even greater investment in the Pell Grant program. And let's eradicate labor market inequalities that reward white high school dropouts with greater access to jobs than black graduates with a community college degree.
Unprecedented Opportunities. In January of 2013, I had no sooner finished speaking to a group of independent school leaders about how online and blended learning would impact their schools in the future, when one of the audience members rushed up to tell me why I was wrong.
Don't Just Go Abroad -- Volunteer Abroad. Ask anyone about their study abroad experience, and they will tell you it was nothing short of amazing. But there is a secret to making it even better -- volunteering. You'll learn that service is a two-way street and you may be surprised with who receives the most at the end.
College Student Survey Suggests We've Made Little Progress Eliminating Racism. 
University Blacklisted For Publishing Jack White's Guacamole Recipe, Contract. 
Why Harvard Officially Banned Professor-Student Relationships. 
Dear Little Sister. As if your AP books aren't heavy enough, I see all these weighing on you. And somehow, you manage to carry on, but who's carrying you?
All Children Are Not the Same. To learn more about the the recent report, \Reading Instruction in Kindergarten
The Top 15 Colleges That Pay You Back The Most. 
New College Cool. For the past two-years I've connected with women's colleges across the country as well as with their future students, current students, and recent alumnae intending to blog about my findings. During this time I learned about the many wonderful things going on in the world of women's colleges, all contributing to this cool influx.
American Sniper. Amid the debates and staggeringly strong ticket sales, student journalists nationwide are weighing in with their own reviews of American Sniper and commentaries on its political and cultural significance.
Why the President's 529 Proposal Just Didn't Add Up. Approximately two weeks ago, the president announced an educational reform initiative that included removing the federal tax benefits from 529 plans. Under current law, savings in a 529 plan grow tax-free and withdrawals are not taxed when used for higher education.
Who Am I? Homesick in My Last Semester of College. As my parents shared themselves with me through physical items and printed photos, I realized the way I will share myself with my future children and family is digitally. My virtual timeline will be accessible by a few clicks of a button. Social media is a snapshot of moments of our lives, all in one place.
College Students. People will make snap judgments about you, but how you live up to your outer image will alter their impression. It's much easier to adjust your reputation now, than it will be to do it later in the professional world.
Why I'm Choosing to Move to NYC. The thought of moving can definitely be overwhelming, but the unique lifestyle will be more than worth it. Step out of your comfort zone and into a new experience -- now is better than ever before.
What's Next After College?. Above all your happiness is key. If you hate what you are doing, it is not the end of the world, try something different. Life is too short to be unhappy with what you are doing.
Uh Oh. 
An Open Letter to President Obama. Mr. President, just like health care, access to high-quality universities without student loans should be a right for all Americans. We are the nation's competitive advantage; shouldn't the government be investing in us, rather than the less than efficient F35 jet? Please start investing in this nation's students.
Every Mom and Dad a STEM Mentor. 
Ranking Of Colleges With The Most Drug Arrests Per Capita Counts Several SUNY Campuses. 
Progressive Labels for Regressive Practices. A number of labels that originally signified progressive ideas continue to be (mis)appropriated, their radical potential drained away, with the result that they're now invoked by supporters of \bunch o' facts\ teaching or a corporate-styled, standards-and-testing model of school reform.
Why Rescue the Latest Failed 'Chief for Change'?. Tulsa's choice is doubly perplexing at a time when the new chair of the Senate Education Committee, Lamar Alexander, is crafting compromises that will undo the policies that coerced states into adopting value-added evaluations, and pulling the plug on the failed SIG that Gist promoted.
Teacher Regulations Worthy of George Orwell. Who will remain to teach the nation's schoolchildren when the U.S. Department of Education (USDE) succeeds in its plan to force every single pupil, teacher, school, college and university to conform to its Orwellian plan for constant surveillance and measurement of teachers via standardized tests and surveys?
Yes, an Unpaid Internship Is a Job. There are several reasons usually cited by those who would say that an unpaid internship is not a job. The first is always of course, that they are unpaid; the second is that the work being done is often of an unskilled nature. None of these reasons are valid.
Financial Sense 201. It is not possible for every student to graduate from college debt free. However, it is crucial to make smart financial decisions while still in school to limit the financial burden as much as possible, as this will have a direct and lasting impact on your financial health for the rest of your life.
Why Your Twenties Don't Immediately Make You an Adult. I'll probably never take myself completely seriously if I'm being honest, but that's okay. Even though it's little by little, I'm certainly starting to figure this \grown up\ business out.
UVA Students Say Banning Sorority Members From Frat Parties Is 'Dangerous'. 
Teach, Stream, Be Acquired. The College Board -- yes, the same folks behind the dreaded SAT exam all college-bound high school students must take with a No. 2 pencil -- estimates the average costs of tuition and fees for a private college in 2013-14 topped $30,000.
Choice Is a Privilege. In a town like Chicago, \choice\ isn't a right, but a privilege based on income, class, and skin color.
Inland Empire Early College Paves Pathway to Postsecondary. In the Inland Empire sprawling east of Los Angeles, the promise of the American-California Dream can seem as remote as the Pacific and the Sierras.
Police and Students of Color. The failure of our universities to assume proper responsibility, to fully comprehend the larger picture, and explore fully new ways in which men and women might learn, live and work together can only lead to an extension of the present state of thoughtlessness and polarization that continues to divide the nation.
Cracks in \Talent Pipeline\ Pose Risks for Employers and College Students With Disabilities. America's colleges and universities would do well to examine what RIT and other leaders in career services are doing right, because many, if not most, are getting it wrong.
California Blueprint for Creative Schools Unveiled. The California County Superintendents Educational Services Association (CCSESA) has held several arts training events based on a groundbreaking program called \Creativity at the Core\ in advance of the broader vision.
Dartmouth Creates New Rules, Bans Liquor To Tame 'Heavy-Drinking' Culture. 
Penn State Task Force Calls For Disclosure Of Sexual Assault Punishments. 
What's Good for Cuomo Is Bad for Students. I'm blessed and privileged to be a teacher. The longer I do it, the more I appreciate it. But Andrew Cuomo has not the remotest notion of why that is.
Illinois Educational Funding -- Expect Deep Cuts. Within 24 hours of Governor Bruce Rauner taking office, numerous media outlets reported on his immediate steps to rectify Illinois' dire financial situation.
Why Won't Arne Duncan and Other True Believers in High-Stakes Testing Face Reality?. As high-stakes testing becomes even more unpopular, we can also anticipate more of his efforts to pretend that it isn't punitive. But the use of test scores to punish is, by definition, the use of tests to punish.
Charter Schools Vital to DC's Educational Renaissance. Public charter schools have taken firm root in Washington, DC. This year, for the first time since charter schools were introduced to the District 18 years ago, more public schools in the city are run by charters than by DC Public Schools (DCPS).
17 Ways to Make Your Resume Fit On One Page. You may look at your resume and think that everything on it is too important to be left off. But let's get real. You're looking for an internship or entry-level job, which means you have just a few years experience.
Watch Some NYU Frat Bros Play Beer Pong In The Street During The Blizzard. 
University of Southern Mississippi to Offer Study Abroad Program in Cuba. What better way to expand your worldview than to study somewhere like Cuba? The educators who graduate and have studied in this program will be better connected to their students and classroom experiences and will have a unique perspective on students with Cuban roots.
Institutionalized Misogyny in the Greek System. Boys' Bid Night -- an occasion marked by oversized, glittery neon tank tops and new fraternity members eager to celebrate their acceptance to their respective houses -- is now being erased from many a university woman's agenda.
How a Humans of New York Fundraiser Taught Us About Education. It was the call to action heard 'round the Internet
Emotional Intelligence Needs a Moral Rudder. While it would be such a relief for schools if helping students become \good\ was as simple as teaching them emotional skills, a recent study suggests that there's a lot more to acting morally than knowing how to manage your emotions.
App Tells Parents And Professors If Students Go To Class. 
You Can Get A Scholarship For Playing Video Games. 
Financial Sense 101. As students look forward to attending school and experiencing all that college has to offer, they may not be thinking about how to properly manage their money. Making smart financial choices while in school will not only ease the burden of college debt, but also set them up for financial success beyond graduation.
Smarts, With a Side of Grits. According to a 2014 paper by the Australian psychology professor Arthur E. Poropat, research has shown that \conscientiousness\ and \openness\ (i.e. creativity and curiosity) are more important to student success than intelligence.
6 Reasons I'm Thankful You Fired Me. Had you never fired me, I'm not sure that I would have made the changes necessary to perform well at the following summer's internship in public relations (yes, someone else actually hired me) or, really, any of the professional endeavors which followed. Failing my first internship taught me many things.
Victim In MIT Online Course Sexual Harassment Case Comes Forward. 
American Sniper and the Fetishization of Patriotism. These kinds of films overwhelmingly contribute to the commodification and the fetishization of patriotism that often force people to choose not to voice criticisms for fear of being called unpatriotic.
Several Fraternities, Sororities Utterly Destroy Two Michigan Ski Resorts. 
Intellectual Diversity on American University Campuses. University students should rightly be exposed to a plurality of viewpoints as part of their intellectual growth, rather attending the \flock of sheep association of like-minded individuals.\
Faculty Alert. What can educational institutions do to improve the low marks given their graduates by their employers?
Teaching Character Versus Life Skills in Schools. Should schools teach personality or character? This is the question posed in a recent New York Times op-ed by Anna North. When educators focus on personality or character, you get debates about whether it is the role of schools to try to imbue character or personality.
How To See Exactly What Admissions Offices Think About You. 
Review Of \The Girl from Human Street\ By Roger Cohen. A man who has assimilated very well, Cohen knows the pleasures and also the loneliness of diaspora. In writing his stirring memoir, in constructing a past with which he can live, he wrestled with demons both historical and personal.
Are We Prepared For President Obama's Free Community Colleges?. While the proposal is not likely to survive, it does introduce a new dynamic into the debate on how to increase access in American higher education. And it's at this point where the philosophical must meet the practical.
The President's Plan for Tuition-Free Education at Community Colleges. The President has introduced only the grand idea of providing tuition-free education for all students attending community colleges, an idea which, at first glance, seems to have great merit.  But at this point we know very few details.
This Sorority's Pre-Rush Week Beauty Standards Are Pure Madness. 
How One College Student Turned Studying Into Art. 
The Character of My Boat. Boats are like movie cameras and can grow into films or stories themselves. When you think a boat's life is over -- dead, think again; its ending grows into a new beginning. Boats can have many lives, as long as their captain has a dream and a good work ethic.
Young People Must Know Their Own History. Do our young people know about our own nation's history, particularly how our society has responded to marginalized groups? This question has been coming up consistently for me in recent months.
Fraternity Booted Off Campus Denies Harassing Anti-Rape Activists. 
Takeaways From Serial Entrepreneur Jen Groover's Talk on Innovation and Perception. Last semester, I got the chance to listen to one of the best talks I've heard on campus during the launch of the PennVention Innovation Competition. A few days back, I got to listen to the recording I took and the talk was just so inspiring and energizing.
EduScholar Rankings. There is a gap--no, a chasm--between what scholars find to be at the root of achievement gaps and what we must do to narrow them, and the agendas that many policymakers continue to push.
How to Design Smart Toys For Creative Kids. Investments in education technology are at an all-time high, but school curricula have become increasingly structured and standardized, at the expense of playtime and the arts.
Lessons from Chile. While research evidence does not support current pro-choice and high stakes accountability reforms, their ideological appeal seems widespread. Perhaps we can learn from a country in which these neoliberal policies were imposed before they became prominent in the U.S.
Teacher's Image Takes a Hit in America. Something about our fast-paced, super consumerist society seems to have robbed the teaching vocation the respect it deserves, disposing that once concrete and tender human relationship to a matter of mere transaction.
Spice Up Your Resume in 2015. They say that the first three months in a job is when your learning curve is the steepest
Empowerment Within Engagement. Participating in Model UN can improve your public speaking skills, sharpen your critical thinking and develop your research abilities.
From Student to Teacher. How did they do it? How did an island nation of five million people become one of the elite education systems on the planet? What is their secret, their special formula? What is the Singapore story?
A Reset Button. 
Come at Me, (Frat) Bro!. Even if fraternities aren't directly responsible for every instance of sexual assault and inebriated death on a college campus, they engender an attitude that is no longer permissible in the 21st century.
4 Surprising Reasons Why Preschool and Kindergarten Must Change. We need to take a serious look at our Pre-K and Kindergarten programs before we have a generation of students so far behind they will never catch up.
Meet HuffPost's Newest Campus Editors-At-Large. 
What White Educators Can Learn From Pittsburgh's Police Chief. McLay's words were intended mainly for the officers under his command. But they could just as well have been addressed to educators in our nation's schools.
Blame the Schools!. If you read enough books and articles, or watch enough news segments about why colleges cost so freaking much (and supposedly deliver little for the price), a consensus emerges that tends to include the following premises.
You Say You Want a Revolution?. The revolution we still need builds on the values of equity, democracy and community responsibility that drove these advances. The revolution we still need seeks even broader racial, social and economic justice.
How to Introduce Humor Into Your Wellness Program... and Your Approach to Life. Don't let the language of health care get you down!  Find out what's behind the words. Their roots speak directly to you about how you think about your body -- while putting a smile on your face.
'Free' Community College. President Obama's \America's College Promise\ proposal for \free\ community college is a great idea!  A similar program in Tennessee, the site of President Obama's announcement, is apparently hugely successful. What could possibly go wrong with such a simple concept? Plenty.
Worthy of Free Expression. Let us remember the journalists, police and other brave souls who were killed by those who could not abide difference and challenge without resorting to murder. Let us cultivate the spirit of satire and of critique, but also of reverence and of affection, in ways that challenge the conventions of the moment.
Just Not Feeling it -- Or When You Don't Love a Subject You Have to Take. Sometimes it helps get interested if you have to explain material to those who are not familiar with it as a way of testing your own understanding. Students who tutor younger kids find it helps them too.
Atheists Demand Apology Over Public University's Email About Religion. 
Duke Student Athletes Speak Out on the Power of Language. I am proud of my peers for leading by example in challenging marginalizing language and bias both on and off the field, building safer and more inclusive communities, and validating the identities and experiences of people of all backgrounds.
Jesse Friedman's Case and the Appearance of Impropriety. In plain English, Judge Corrigan should remove herself from this case to maintain public trust in our judicial system. Such an act is not atypical for judges since they must project the highest level of professionalism in the legal process.
Student Motivation. Why aren't more students motivated and why haven't we figured out how to get them motivated? The problem with motivation is not necessarily an issue with students or even with teachers as some might think.
Failure to Launch. We are well aware of the critiques of higher education, and with the cost of college rising faster than health care, it should come as no surprise parents and taxpayers feel they are not getting their money's worth.
Reflections of an Octogenarian. The year was 1965. It was a warm fall day, and I was driving Paul Goodman, the noted thinker and prominent social theorist to his hotel.  He was to be a guest speaker at a program I had created for area high school students to dialogue with prominent writers, artists, and politicians.
Learn to Delegate. 
Prestigious Women's College Joins List Of 94 Schools Facing Sexual Assault Probes. 
This Professor Uses Slave Narratives To Teach Empathy To Future Public Servants. 
When Students Won't Read. Not only do students not read much, some actually express an active hostility towards reading. But being able to read is half the benefit of being human.  As far as I am concerned, if I couldn't read, I'd just as soon be running around the Serengeti with the hyenas and wildebeest.
Princeton Police Investigated Allegations Against Tiger Inn Bouncers. 
Do Millennials Have Good Money Habits?. Bank of America recently teamed up with USA Today to gain deeper insights on millennials' financial habits and attitudes about money.
An Homage to 'Teachers'. Teaching is an art form all of its own. It's not easy to teach. Not only because teachers are never paid enough in our culture (or others), but because it takes patience and understanding and preparation and methodology.
Free Speech on Campus. Of course, the ideas of different members of the University community will often and quite naturally conflict. But it is not the proper role of the University to attempt to shield individuals from ideas and opinions they find unwelcome, disagreeable, or even deeply offensive.
Edtech Investment Is at Record Levels -- Where Is All the Money Going?. US educational technology companies raised a total of $1.36 billion in 2014, according to a recent report. But very little of that technology is likely to end up in the K-12 classroom as part of the teaching-learning process that education is supposed to be about. Why is this, should we worry, and can we do anything to change it?
How to Get a 4.0 in Fraud Prevention. Living with roommates, making online purchases and communicating through social media channels are just a few of the ways students can leave themselves dangerously open to thieves on the hunt.
Kaplan To Pay $1.3 Million Settlement After Allegations Of Unqualified Teachers In Texas. 
New Year's Resolution -- Let Colleges Lead the Way to a New Normal in Cuba. President Barack Obama's unexpected decision for the United States to \normalize\ relations with Cuba provides an opportunity for universities to create a bridge of education and understanding between the two countries located just 90 miles apart.
New Year, New Semester. 2015 will certainly be an exciting years for juniors! It's best for juniors to start their college prep early. There are so many details to consider. If juniors plan properly, they may even enjoy the process.
10 Things I Learned As a New Adjunct Teacher. This semester I taught two college composition classes at a community college. I started with 23 students in one class and 24 students in the other. Halfway into the semester, 7 students out of 47 just stopped coming to class. But that's just the data I collected. Here is what I learned...
Sense and Sensibility. Unless lawmakers can be made to understand the critical role these and other educational professionals play in contributing to schools in which we can all be confident and proud, then many of these positions will remain in jeopardy to the detriment of the students and communities they serve.
10 Colleges Where The Most Alumni Donate. 
4 Ways to Prepare for Next Semester Now. While you\u00a0enjoy your winter break, next semester may be the last thing you want to think about. But if you want to make it the best one ever, we both know that now is the time to start preparing.
Teaching the Bible as Literature in Public High School (Part 10) \u2013 The Noble Lie. These are questions that go to the heart of what it means to be human in this or in any century. The Bible keeps these questions alive, not so much by the answers it gives as by the many questions it provokes in the reader, questions which are rarely if ever raised in our modern world.
The Global Search for Education. Everybody was blogging in 2014, and especially teachers.  We asked The Global Search for Education editorial team and our blogging advisors to submit their favorite teacher blogs and blog posts from around the world.
6 Things That Barack Obama Did for P-20 Education in 2014. Given the nature and sheer number of challenges, his administration has done a great deal to foster positive change and progress. In a bid to build upon his already stellar record on education Obama implemented a number of education reform initiatives in 2014.
End the NYPD Hissy-Fit. Instead of turning its back on the mayor and calling \foul,\ maybe the NYPD should grow up, stare de Blasio and the rest of the city in the face and answer the criticism.
China and the US. My sense from engaging many levels of Chinese society is that China does not want an aggressive relationship with the United States; it wants to forge a partnership of mutual respect and opportunity.
6 Biggest Wins for Education in 2014. 2014 was a good year for P-20 education and we experienced some great wins and made huge strides. Let's look back at just a few of these accomplishments.
Harvard's Failed Sexual Assault Response Triggers Policy Changes. 
Better Learning Through Expensive Software. The goal of school isn't to do well on a test. Doing school should never be for the purpose of more school. The goal of school is to create moral citizens that will fall in love with learning.
Reflections of an Octogenarian. The late '60s and '70s featured a blossoming of educational reform and a progressive vision. Most of these efforts, however, were not taken seriously and were prematurely aborted -- succeeded by a wave of counter-reaction. They have also been banished from recent memory.
Around the World in 30 Days - December 2014. In December, I continued my conversations with world leaders on the frontiers of education reform. These leaders all share a commitment to transforming education at the ground level, so that the poorest and most disadvantaged schools can become sites for development.
How Not to Reinvent the Wheel in College Accountability. At a well-publicized speech in Buffalo, New York on August 22, 2013, President Barack Obama announced that he would create a plan for sweeping reform of higher education. The details were sketchy, but the projected plan would institute a rating system of colleges and universities nationwide.
Schools Need to Prioritize Addressing Obesity in 2015. By the sheer nature of how much time students spend in school, educators are the main people who can assist parents with that goal. More opportunities to exercise and have a healthy diet at school will be the most effective methods for eliminating obesity as we know it.
Your 20s Matter. It has become more and more common for people to underestimate 20-somethings. The message is that you don't need to be responsible or have a direction in life when you are in your 20s. But your 20s do matter!
The Leader in You. 
Lessons Learned From a Not-so-Merry Christmas. When you think of Christmas, you think of joy. You think of glamorous d\u00e9cor -- bits of tinsel littering lawns and living rooms; trees bloated with shiny bulbs; strings of colorful lights draping porches and garages. But not all Christmases are wrapped perfectly in glossy silver paper with a white bow on top.
Don't Let the FAFSA Ruin Your Holiday Cheer. According to a recent analysis by Mark Kantrowitz, Senior Vice President at Edvisors Network and author of \Filing the FAFSA,\ roughly 2 million students who could have qualified for need-based Federal Pell Grants in the 2011-12 academic year never filed.
Resolved to Teach More Through Writing. Writing more, being more fully present, watching for opportunities to learn, and to teach. This first blog post at this new site is a first step. This seems like enough for one birthday. But there is so much more.
Teaching the Bible as Literature in Public High School (Part 9). Aphorisms are an excellent way of encouraging critical and creative responses when teaching about the Bible. These quotations offer thoughtful reflections by world authors on a broad range of religious questions.
The 20 Colleges With The Best Campus Food. 
The Mid College Job Crisis. Somewhere around 21 years old, everyone hits the mid-ish life crisis that no one ever warned you about. While most college students are thrilled that finals are over and preparing to eat every crumb of food left in their parent's fridge, college seniors are peering into the dark abyss of life.
How the \Billionaire Boys Club\ Shaped Education in 2014. In today's educational landscape there are a lot of players vying for influence over the future of America's P-20 educational system. Of these players, none have been as influential as the \Billionaire Boys Club.\
Not Just Ayotzinapa. So much continues to go unreported in Mexico's Narco-ravaged cities. This becomes especially jarring when you've been living in Boston for the better part of the last year. This is what a normal day looks like at home.
More Than a Glorified Teacher's Aide. We also are doing a far better job at staffing our schools with the special education personnel that can oversee the progress of these students and offer appropriate advice and support for teachers and parents.
Mindfulness for Educators. 
Twitter's Unexpected Benefits. Twitter and other social media tools aren't always celebrated as meaningful message delivery tools, but Twitter is one of my best technological friends.
How to Survive the Holidays at Home. Going to college breeds a newfound sense of independence. You redefine your sense of normal and your sense of home.  Then, you're thrown back into the time warp that is your childhood home and it brings the back all the feelings of being of child without actually being a child.
Millennials Are Tolerant, Educated, Enterprising, and Hyphenated. 
An Obituary for an Unattained Education Goal. Let 2014 slip away, with that noble but unattained goal. In 2015, let us use experience and research to find a better way to improve the schools. Students, educators, parents, and the country as a whole deserve better.
Title IX Administrators Discuss Emotional Demands Of Job. 
5 Tips for Managing Credit and Boosting Your Score. Credit is complicated. For many, understanding how a credit score is calculated and what the number actually means is often a mystery.
When Terrorists Win. I say that these terrorists were successful because they simply were. They achieved their intended goal. They kept this film from being released, so that audiences could not see the material in it, which they deemed offensive.
Mindful Final Exams?. In the context of the \Mindfulness Revolution\, mindfulness has been introduced to many college and university campuses as an element of classroom activities, student clubs, and offerings from wellness centers.
Our Fight for Justice. Change takes time. But what sets our nation apart is that, even in our darkest hours, we strive to make things better. During this week's winter solstice, we celebrate the holiday season with light as a symbol of hope.
Teaching, Learning and the College Ratings Framework. By dismissing the primary work of colleges and universities --- teaching and learning --- as impossible to measure across institutions, the proposed framework exposes the utter folly of the Administration's plan to impose some kind of generic rating system on the thousands of disparate institutions of higher education in this nation.
The Global Search for Education. In 2003, the provincial government of Ontario, Canada initiated a focus on educational improvement as one of its key strategies for the future success of its people and its economy. Since then, the entire system has dramatically improved.
The Truth About Transfer Admissions. Colleges won't admit transfer students without really compelling reasons for the transfer, so be detailed and thoughtful in your essays. This is where your research will really come in handy!
3 Tips for A Happy Financial New Year. 'Tis the season for colder weather, family get-togethers, and -- let's not forget -- the highest credit-card spending Americans will undertake over the course of the year.
Deferred? 5 Powerful Tips to Getting Accepted at Your Top Choice School. There are things you can do right now, both to increase your chances of acceptance at your top choice school, and to strengthen your regular decision applications.
5 Options Allow GenDIY to Rethink College. Finish high school, go to college, graduate four or five years later and go to work--only it doesn't work that way very often for Millennials. High rates of young adult unemployment, expensive degrees, and challenging life circumstances are causing many young people to rethink college.
Top 10 Education Trends to Watch in 2015 and Beyond. The winds of education change were gusty in 2014
My Circle Inspired Me to Open a Conversation Beyond Just Tech. I wasn't given the opportunities I deserved and I was often silenced when I wanted to take things to the next level. People treated me differently because I was a woman.
How to Welcome Opportunities. If you think of yourself as risk-averse, try to look at risks in a different light. As one of my closest friends would say
Educating for the Future. And, bottom line, a large cohort of Mandarin speakers will contribute to our national security, helping guide U.S.-Chinese relations away from the confrontational and toward the cooperative.
The Healthy Food Transition. Include students in decision-making. Encourage them to question food production and supply systems, and to envision solutions. Challenge them -- and just as importantly, invite them to challenge you -- to think in new and forward-looking ways.
Doing the Right Thing. As we continue to seek strong leadership for institutions in all sectors of higher education, I believe we should seek people who exemplify these \Five \C's of Leadership.\
The Lost Art of Partying. Gone are the days when people tried to make the best of an awkward situation, or strike up a conversation with someone you wouldn't have otherwise met. Instead, we go to parties to all sit in our respective corners and stare at our phones, waiting for something better to text us.
Dispatch From D.C.. As I listened to the president speak, it struck me just how important this day was for our children. This will be a day I look back to as a pivotal moment for early education.
Sexual Assault Statistics Are Not The Point. 
2 Men Who Are Doing Great Work on Campuses. I had the privilege of speaking again at St. Joseph's College in Long Island in November. I really love this school and their commitment. The staff is committed to dealing with sexual assault prevention and response head on.
WATCH. 
Walking the Deferral Tightrope. While getting deferred is disappointing, the students are still under consideration. The deferring college just wants to look at them in the regular admission pool. While chances of ultimately getting accepting are somewhat less than regular admissions, they still have a chance.
College Rejection Doesn't Have to Mean Frustration. Students can do a great deal, both before and after applying, to ensure that they maintain their sanity, embrace colleges' decisions, and actually increase their chances of getting into their favored schools.
What Not to Say to College Students. Oh, you know, writing a couple of 1,000 word essays a term with barely any contact time is just a walk in a park. Seriously. A college degree isn't meant to be easy -- come on people.
The University of Virginia and the Risky Illusion of Validity. As events continue to unfold at the University of Virginia, we are seeing a common element form in the actions and response from each of the major players involved
Better Together. While all good schools work to meet the needs of every child, it can seem as if demanding \squeaky-wheel\ parents get more attention than those who quietly try to follow school protocol. Yet how much of our protocol is explicit? Who helps parents learn what's appropriate?
Ivy League President Criticized For Joining Protesters' 'Die-In'. 
Are College Students Tempted To Sleep With A Hometown Ex During Breaks?. 
The Graduation Brouhaha -- The Story Behind the Ritual. The culmination of the schooling process from educational comics.
A Little Nuance With Frats, Please. Individual fraternities vary about as widely as humans do. As with any organization, it depends on who is in them, particularly their leaders.
What Can Mentoring Organizations Learn From Each Other? What Data Is Missing?. We were just able to pull high level metrics such as increased interest in STEM, overall reach, contact hours etc. They are a step forward, but there is so much more data that we can gather to draw a more nuanced picture that will be helpful for the field.
The Reason I Loved English Class Is the Reason My Students Hate It. I currently teach Math. But I don't have a single student who likes their English class, and it makes me wonder why. I loved it because I happened to be an obnoxious little linguaphile. The way English classes are (often) run would surely turn off any kid who isn't one.
To My Unborn Son. The Yale Black Men's Union launched the To My Unborn Son campaign as an intimate conversation with the parents of Michael Brown Jr.
Educational Testing for What Purpose? What's Really Material. Our quick review of the testing mania continues.
Mexico's Malinchismo. If we hope to truly address the rampant corruption and lack of accountability that has plagued Mexican politics, we first have to acknowledge the self-defeatist attitude and deep social divides that have existed in the country since its inception. This is a battle to be fought by everyone.
How to Write a Harvard-Worthy College Application Essay. When you allow a bit of mystery into the end, you let the reader know that you're okay with not knowing everything. That shows maturity, and it lets the colleges know that you're in a perfect place to dive into the complicated issues you're going to face in your college classes.
MakeSchool Co-Founder Ashu Desai Talks about, \The Computer Science Degree of the Future\. MakeSchool, which was originally named MakeGamesWithUs, was born after Ashu Desai and Jeremy Rossmann decided that they needed to fix the educational gap in CS education.
The Choreography of My Dreams. 
How Not to Go Broke This Holiday Season. The holiday season is hard on everyone, but the best suggestion I can give is to remember that the gifts are not the important part. The final gift that you can really give, and for some it costs nothing, for others a lot, is to try to find a way to be there for the holidays.
The Global Search for Education. 
PARCC Is Down to DC Plus Ten States, and Louisiana Isn't One of Them. Louisiana State Superintendent John White insists that Louisiana students in grades 3 through 8 will take the Partnership for Assessment of College and Careers (PARCC) assessments in the spring of 2015.
Promoting Meaningful Education. 
Why I Still Believe Rape Survivors. As people begin to question the integrity of the Rolling Stone journalist who broke the UVA rape story, the veracity of the survivor, and whether this whole issue should ever have been raised in the first place, there are many lessons we can all learn as this story continues to unfold. We need to stand together against sexual violence.
Testing. 
Mr. Mayor, It's Time to Take Racism Out of the Equation. Instead of changing an admissions policy that rewards hard work and preparation to a process that is subjective and that could be manipulated, how about putting systems in place to get kids ready? Provide test prep to those who don't have access. Share information with families early.
Broken Systems Created #Ferguson. Educating People Can Help Fix It.. How do we fulfill our responsibility to this generation of children so that they can realize sooner than I did that our systems are broken and that it is everyone's responsibility to fix them?
Debunking the Myths About Boys and Emotions. Yet scientists are discovering that what society says about men's (and boys') social and emotional abilities is simply not true, and that cultivating their natural capacity for emotional attunement and relationships is critical to their overall well-being. But we need to start when they're young.
Perception or Reality? What's Happening in Our Schools. When I was young, all aspects of the school day were learning experiences.  Mistakes happened and I learned right from wrong, success from failure. Parents regularly are forgetting this simple process of the educational day.
Jimmy Carter Pushes Colleges To Get Tougher On Campus Rapists. 
College Students Greet Eric Garner Decision Already Primed For Protest. 
Stop Lying to Yourself!. OK. Today, I want to talk to you about lying to yourself. We all do it. And a lot of us lie to ourselves because without realizing it, we can't face the truth, and it's easier to craft a story, to craft a lie.
Why It's Not Worth It to Settle for Just Any Job After College. We all know someone who is chasing their dreams and following their passions before graduation, so why stop once you have the diploma?
In Room 201, It Takes Two to Tango. \What's your job?\ I ask my third grade students.  \To learn!\ they exclaim enthusiastically.  \And what's my job?\ I follow up.  \To teach us!\ they reply, matter-of-factly.
Three More Flaws in Harvard's Sexual Harassment Policy. It would behoove Harvard administrators to include meaningful protections for accused students and consult in advance with those who might identify due process problems before the policy goes live.
Globalization of Knowledge via the Internet. We have come far in our quest for education. The journey of knowledge and exploration is quite fascinating and deeply speaks about the interconnectedness and the interdependence of the world.
14 Ways To Successfully Wrap Up 2014. The holiday season may present a packed calendar with parties, trips, and work to finish up, but don't wait until 2015 to make resolutions, start something new, or to make self-improvements.
I Tagged Along With an EDM DJ for a Night in New York. Here's What Happened.. I looked out over the crowd from the DJ booth. They lolled beneath the fumes for the first hour of the show.
US-Pakistan Relations. What is Pakistan's problem? Let us come back to that first. Pakistan needs to make its stature clear and work on the common interests which will be of essence be it trading or opening up safe and secure paths to foreign investments.
The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly of Student Loans. Acquiring student loan debt can be an intimidating, confusing process; however, in today's educational environment, it's often a necessity in order to finance a college education. With proper advance knowledge and research, student loans are a worthwhile option.
Around the World in 30 Days  --  November 2014. In November, I continued my conversations with world leaders on the frontiers of education reform. Each of this month's leaders dealt with situations that seemed unmanageable
College Presidents Promise To Help The Poorest, But They've Done The Opposite. 
The Case Against Business School. Business school may be the right decision for any one individual, but I find it increasingly hard to see why the real leaders of the future will continue to choose this path. An MBA is a form of insurance; a highly-conservative move to hedge against risk.
An Ovation for Jefferson County. You know the moment when you ready yourself to leap to your feet at the end of a symphony, only to hear that glimmer of a violin note that keeps you glued to your seat and safe from mortification? That was me a few weeks ago at the College Board Forum.
The Top 7 Essential College Video Games. No dorm or college pad is complete without the essentials. The bean bags or futon, the cards against humanity and, of course, the video games.
With a Conscience. This is why we have so much to grateful for in our modern world.  Because so many asked \Why,\ so many were willing to make sacrifices because they found and understood the answers.
Women in College Leadership. As you explore options for college, you are likely to ask about programs, affordability, facilities, housing, sports, and safety. Are you, though, asking about leadership?
Bleak Friday. Political economist Gordon Lafer offers some \Bleak Friday\ predictions about the corporate agenda for public education.
Can Change At UVA Make Campuses A Safer Place?. 
Top 5 Reasons to Drop Your Ex This Break Up Season. Tis' that dreadful time of the year once again, Break-Up Season. I know what you're all thinking, \Bae and I will never end.\ Aw, so precious, yet so na\u00efve and oblivious (Side note
Thank a Teacher Thursday. They also inspire legions of future non-scientists -- bankers and writers and ballerinas -- to embrace the joy of discovery, to grasp how science works and understand how to ask critical questions and evaluate evidence.
The Return to Basics in Education. Did We Ever Leave?. This is the sixth column from that second book. Enjoy! Feel free to share your thoughts. Feedback and Pushback are encouraged.
Why We Should Ditch Complaining and Actually Do Something About Our Problems. Complaining leaves us nowhere, no better than before the complaint left our mouths. It's \madness\ and it makes us the victims in our own life stories. Instead of complaining in vain, we have three options we should use instead.
Teaching the Bible as Literature in Public High School (Part 3). Everybody should know these stories because they're so much a part of our culture. You have to know what they're about to be culturally literate, and you have to admit that you really can understand why people think and behave as they do from what we've been reading and discussing for the past several weeks.
The Global Search for Education. Pakistan is not only looking up, with more students completing education programs, but is also showing its own leadership, and thus growing independently from external aid.
Life of a Resident Assistant. You hear free living, free dining, and cheap parking and you immediately jump. Especially as a college student. But that's not what entirely pulled me in to applying to be a Resident Assistant.
UVA Official. 
Northwestern Scraps Possibility Of Payday For Professor Accused Of Assaulting Students. 
Gap Years. 
6 Trends Improving K-12 Learning Experiences. The K-12 classroom is continually evolving in order to adapt to the times. It's important that teachers keep up-to-date with the latest helpful technology for their students and that parents understand the ramifications of that technology, too.
There Can Be No Successful All-Charter School System. The bottom line is that New Jersey charters do not serve the same population as the districts that house them. Specifically, they serve a smaller percentage of poor students and students with extra learning challenges.
Mirror, Mirror, On The Wall, You're to Blame When Our Confidence Falls. Whether it's 8p.m. on a Friday night or 8a.m. Monday morning, mirrors are an important part of our daily lives. They see us during our worst moments and at our finest. But what do we see in them?
If Life Is a Game, What Are the Rules?. The students who make up the poverty and homeless statistics that some suburbanites look at dispassionately, shaking their heads while proclaiming, \Not in America!\ -- these kids want to succeed.
A Master Plan Abandoned. Student fees have yet again been raised at the University of California, with the University of California Regents on the precipice of approving a plan to increase fees over the next five years, resulting in an eventual 25 percent increase from current rates.
UVA Wants Investigation Of Alleged 7-Member Fraternity Gang Rape, 2 Years Later. 
A Letter to My Fellow Students. Sexual assault is not just a crime; it is a gross violation of our human rights. As the conversation about sexual violence ignites on the national platform, small-scale, university-focused efforts are the key to impacting sustainable change.
Phi Kappa Psi Frat Vandalized, Students Protest After Rolling Stone Article. 
We Are More Than an Ivory Tower. The documentary Ivory Tower debuts tonight on CNN, and it identifies some very real problems with higher education in this country. It is unacceptable that we would ignore the message of Ivory Tower at our own peril.
When Does a College's Obligation to Its Students End?. The idea that graduates' collegiate mentors should remain in touch hardly seems shocking; speaking personally, both of us have had mentors who have stayed in touch decades after we first met them.
What to Do if it Feels Like You Are Running Out of Time on Your SAT/ACT Test Prep. Well, it's official. With Daylight Savings Time behind us and the Winter Solstice approaching, the days are starting to feel shorter. Much shorter.
For college freshmen, Mental Health Help Should Come Early On. 
Blended Learning. As a blended learning pioneer and enthusiast, I'm here to tell you technology, on its own, is no cure. More and more, blended learning has become a misused buzzword in education circles.
Kickstart Your Career By Finding - and Funding - Inspiration Abroad. As more millennials have entered the work force, the competition for the perfect job has become increasingly stiffer. Once an impressive addition on a resume, a college degree is no longer a meaningful differentiator.
Degrees Not Debt. How do you tell a promising student with the heart and mind to be a fantastic teacher that she can't afford to join us in the world's best profession?
An Open Letter to Chancellor Syverud. As I asked that student in 1986, I ask you now, Chancellor Syverud
Teach Kids About Africa as if Our Lives Depend Upon It -- and Maybe They Do. On top of the shear panic unleashed by the spread of the Ebola virus from West Africa, an astonishing amount of ignorance has reared its ugly head. As some have commented, this ignorance may be more dangerous to millions of people than the actual virus.
It Takes Teamwork to Make a Dream Work. 
Neuroscience Improves Early Childhood Education Quality. Who doesn't want the education and care for young children to be high quality? Parents look for it, advocates fight for it, policy makers debate it. But just what is it?
Training Tomorrow's Leaders in Higher Education. By the time the offer is made, the Screening Committee has assured itself that they have managed to attract a uniquely qualified candidate who represents the very best of the search firm's virtual rolodex.
The Intrinsic Value of Liberal Education. A liberal education is an expansion of consciousness
White House-Sponsored Week Of Action Aims To Raise Awareness Of College Sexual Assault. 
The Promise of Career and Technical Education. Policymakers, business, labor and community can come together to make CTE a thriving component of our 21st-century education system -- and with it, an engine that helps more young people have access to good jobs and the American dream.
This App Wants To Help Your Drunk Self. 
By Trying to Reduce Class Sizes, We're Solving the Wrong Problem. Are smaller class sizes the key to breathing new life into today's public schools, or a misguided effort to solve the problems of a dying era? I am surprised to say I have come to believe it's the latter.
A Week in Seoul. While understanding the barriers and limitations to some applications, it is extremely useful to talk to people in different environments to see what has or hasn't worked. In our global community, we can all do more to share ideas and best practices.
What We Feed Students -- But Also How We Feed Them. Gone are the days of President Reagan's ketchup as a vegetable. And it is about time the feds try to do something to combat childhood obesity and promote healthy eating habits. Problem is, a lot of students aren't eating any of it.
We Still Need Women's Colleges. I am convinced that educators should work aggressively to save women's colleges because they offer a significantly differ learning experience that is valuable to many women.
Survey Finds Continued Lack of Institutional Support for Part-Time Faculty. As the ranks of individuals employed in part-time academic appointments have grown, many part-time faculty lack the support of the colleges and universities where they work. A new report highlights that many part-timers even lack institutional email accounts.
How to Write 50,000 Words in a Month. The secret to the success of the Writing Retreat, I believe, was that we created a place for our writers to work alone, together.
Hey, All You 20-Somethings. Everyone my age has some dangling worry trailing around after them everywhere that they're somehow not doing everything, that what they're doing is not altogether the right thing, that they are missing out. The doubt is natural, and everyone you know -- yes, even that person -- carries it sometimes too.
Making School Reform a True Civil Rights Movement. 
Why I Wrote a Novel About Tenure. We teachers find ourselves under the jurisdiction of the state education department.  Do I think these guys are evil people?  No, I do not.  I just think that they are not as highly qualified as the teachers when it comes to reaching and teaching kids.
Literacy for All, Yes! The New Literacy. The more we ask of children, the more they can do; the higher the standards we set for those who teach children, the farther they will reach.
What Veterans Have Taught Me About Teaching. Just as much as students need concrete academic help, they need us to notice their drive and their struggle. We can do this by making sure that we acknowledge the work they're putting into the class, whether it's showing up in their grades or not.
Why Every College Student Should Work on a Political Campaign. Recently, I had the opportunity to intern with a local state senate campaign. As a communications major pursuing a career in entertainment media, I didn't imagine how much I would learn about politics, my community, leadership, and myself.
The Value of Collegiate Athletics. We cannot allow the prestige and money that follow top-tier college sports programs to blind us to our overriding purpose
Know Your BFA \Must-Haves\. With so many BFA offerings, students and families can be overwhelmed with the task of compiling a college list that fits their needs.
Why Transgender Students Belong at Women's Colleges. Sometimes the fear of consequences appears so great that we hold on to tradition much longer than we need to. That was surely the case more than 100 years ago when the revolutionary idea of higher education for women was introduced. We are at another such groundbreaking moment now as women's colleges face the decision of whether and how to admit transgender women.
Searching for My Identity and the Right House. The unknown path in Peru is as liberating as my view of the future. I am excited with the feeling of not knowing where I am going. The foreign is as comfortable as the familiar. Thus, I am satisfied not knowing my dream house since I will keep creating it as I continue to evolve.
Parenting Debate. 
A Letter From 21-Year-Old Me to 18-Year-Old-Me. There's so much uncertainty surrounding what the next few years might look like, but you're going to be okay. Through all the stress and worries, you're going to be okay. I promise.
Is Recess Still on the SATs?. As a society, I wish we would do more to celebrate the boring stuff. The boring stuff is important. Math is important. History is important. English is important.
For America's Future, Engineering Needs to Diversify. With the bright science students we see at UC Davis, we know that bias is unfounded, and we have programs designed to help get young girls excited about science.
'Stuff' That's Difficult to Find -- Let Alone Understand -- But Important to Know for College Applications. In September, I offered a HuffPost blog entitled, \Help for the 6 Most Confusing Parts of the New 2014-15 Common App.\  Since that time, a lot of other questions have come up from students and parents. Here are some of the more frequently asked.
Good but Not Good Enough. The Obama White House has proposed that high-quality pre-school be extended to every child in America and has been convening meetings around the country with a broad group of stakeholders dedicated to his early learning agenda.
We All Lose Under Current Student Loan Bankruptcy Rules. 
Do Grades Really Reflect Rigor?. Just the opposite is true. Flip the question and consider the many ways grades fail the learning process. Grades tend to inhibit curiosity by encouraging students to do only what is required to earn an A.
3 Tips to Startup in College From a Successful Studentpreneur. Recently, I asked Co-Founder and CEO of New Grounds Food, Johnny Fayad, his opinion on how more college students can start up their own ventures because he is currently operating a startup all the while attending Northeastern University.
States Should Be Giving You Useful Data About Your Children's Schools. While report card day is a moment of truth for students, when is the time for states to pony up accurate information about how they're doing to parents? The answer in too many states is not often enough.
Help Out a School Counselor? I'm In, With #hscc2015. Two dozen colleges know that in order for good college counseling to occur for everyone, the college conversation has to include everyone -- which means my fellow college guide authors and suppliers of college application support have some catching up to do.
#TheMeccafest. Howard University's Homecoming celebration is one known for its immense turn out to events with even bigger names attached to them. For 90 years, the celebration has garnered a public filled with Howard students, alumni, the DMV Community, and of course -- those out-of-town friends who crashed on couches to experience such an epic weekend.
Technology Is Bringing Back the Apprenticeship Model. It Just Has a Different Name - Mentoring. While most mentoring organizations share these learning environment characteristics, we have profiled at least one for each to provide an example of how this framework is being currently practiced in the field.
Kids First! Be a #KidVoter. We know that early education creates a foundation. We know exposure to words, language and literacy provides a ladder to boost children with extra challenges to the starting line in kindergarten.
What It Means to Seize Your Youth. There is no \right\ way to seize your youth, as everyone's path is different. You are as young as you'll ever be in this very moment, so whatever age you are, don't just seize the day, seize your youth.
Lost in Translation. As I hopelessly imitated our teacher, I tried to avoid looking at them. I'm not ashamed of my body but I''m not amazed by it either. I'll even be the first to admit that self-confidence isn't one of my strong suits.
Where All the Teachers Are Above Aveage. Unless we rethink administrative and teacher tenure, it will be difficult to accurately measure teacher or school accountability. Here are some suggestions for a better way forward.
The Father of Freakonomics. Dr. Becker won almost every award there was to win in his profession -- including a Nobel Prize in economics and the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President George W. Bush. Becker's book Human Capital (1964) is already as iconic as Adam Smith's writings on laissez faire.
Can We Learn to Get Along?. There is a solid base of evidence that we can draw on to support educational practices that can teach students to get along, to accept and even embrace those who are different to them.
Here Are Disturbing Examples Of A 'Pro-Rape' Attitude At A Georgia Tech Frat. 
A Mile in Nana's Shoes. I slide out of bed around 5:25 a.m., the sun still preparing for a long day in the sky. It's pitch-black, except for the faint light at the end of the corridor, which leads upstairs to Nana's house. This illumination is my sunrise every morning. As my foot touches the cold tiled floor, I arrive at my early morning sanctuary.
Separation of Church and State -- Part 2. There was a second reason why the Founders feared that bringing religion into politics would have a divisive effect on our young nation -- the rise of political and religious opportunists, who would inflame political issues to further themselves.
Let's Talk About Teacher Retention, Not Tenure. Everything -- everything -- tells us that if our goal really is to put a great teacher in every classroom, reformsters, educational thought leaders, and rich unelected amateurs who somehow get to set education policy are going about it exactly backwards. The attacks on tenure are literally the exact opposite of what is needed.
The War on Teacher Tenure. We need to make teachers feel respected and trusted. Articles like the recent Time Magazine cover story do just the opposite. It is an attack on the profession as a whole and thus makes all teachers defensive, which does not lead to the kind of education we want in our schools.
A Commitment to Making College Accessible to First-Generation College Students. As a first-generation college student myself, I can personally attest to the life-changing impact college has had for me, and for many people I have had the privilege to know because of my choice to attend college and further continue my studies.
'Rapebait' Frat Encouraged Sexual Violence Among Members. 
Around the World in 30 Days -- October 2014. A common thread connects these thought leaders, which is a commitment to using innovative, hands-on methods to solve the problems of inadequate education programs.
3 Things You Should Know About Learning Disabilities. Many people associate learning disabilities with low intelligence, laziness, lack of success, and not being able to learn. Sadly, the people who make these associations include the very children and adults that have been diagnosed with a learning disability.
7 Ways to Test Out If a Career Is Right For You. Graduation is just a few months away, and you still have no idea what you want to do after college. Well, you can take solace in the fact that you are not alone. The feeling is common, especially for students whose college major doesn't directly align with a career path.
Consultant's Report Blames Sexual Assault Activists For Campus Unrest. 
The Two College Strategy Reduces the Benefits of College. he selection of colleges seem to focus and where and how to get the best post-graduation jobs.  In order to accommodate (pay for or get into) the best possible college, there is growing acceptance of, and curiosity around, what I call the Two College Strategy.
Gratitude and 6 Other Things I Learned at Boarding School. Now that I am more than two years removed from my Porter's graduation date I have truly come to appreciate the experience.
A Futurist Prediction for Virtual Education. As schools are starting to take seriously the concept of virtual class days during those blizzards and other days off of school, I believe they will need a more modern version of accountability.
Why These Five Numbers Shouldn't Limit Your Potential. When we remember that these numbers do not confine us, we can start creating the life we want to live. No more limitations.
Kids in Montana Unique. Missoula County Montana isn't just teaching every kid in the school department the truth about native populations, their culture and their tragic history. It's keeping track of each and every tribe represented in the classroom.
The Power of Partnerships in Early Education. California's momentum on early learning was in the spotlight this week, when the White House came to town for \Children
Why Social Media Guidance Is Important. Social media Web sites have become a global information network that undoubtedly has many benefits. However, with this increased exposure, it is vital to make sure our students are wise and remain safe as they post information online.
Looking Beyond the Classroom to Award/Earn College Credits. With the median age of a college student closer to 27 than 19, we need to provide options that enable students to capitalize and benefit from their experience. The advent of Prior Learning Assessment (PLA) is a definite step in the right direction.
Bullies in the Classroom. We probably all have memories of our favorite teachers, the ones who inspired us and still make us smile years later. And then there are the ones who are like Grendel at the banqueting hall in Beowulf, casting a long shadow.
Save Your Pennies. High school students and their families getting ready to apply for college are probably most focused on the cost of attending, but they also should be aware of the hefty costs associated with just applying to college.
Saudi Women Leaders Reshape Early Education. Education today clearly ranks as a top priority for Saudi Arabia. Early childhood education has also received government support and mainstream attention in recent years, due in part to two Saudi visionaries. Ilham Al-Dakheel and Samia Kazi have been a powerful force in helping to gain recognition of the importance of early education.
Bystander Intervention and Double Standards of Sexual Assault During Hazing. Understanding the importance of bystander intervention and how to make a positive impact using it is a skill set that is needed in every school. These alleged incidents are proof that a conversation and education about bystander intervention is needed in every school and every home in our country.
Addressing the Student Debt Crisis. Colleges and universities need to take the lead on this, and while there are some government restrictions on what we can do, there are some relatively simple things we can do that can make a real difference. The Responsible Borrowing Initiative at WGU is a case in point.
My Kind of Brain. 
I Live Because I Dance. I will never be a professional dancer, and that's okay. Because I'll always be able to perform for someone, teach someone, share the happiness of dancing with someone... and that is all I could hope for.
What Americans Want To See Happen To Frats Caught Hazing. 
Do You Live In The Most Expensive Dorm In the Country?. 
A Tree Without Roots. There is no question of the cancerous effects of groups like PennCAN and the Commonwealth Foundation. It may be years before we know the full range of the damage they have inflicted on our children and schools or how long it will take to repair that damage. One thing, however, is clear
Talk, Read and Sing to Kids to Close the Word Gap. With a boost from Hillary Clinton last weekend in San Diego, the American Academy of Pediatricians launched the next phase of its campaign to help close the \word gap\ between children in high- and low-income families.
The Compelling Need to Improve the Higher Education Value Equation. In the middle 90's, \value\ was the hot new word and every business was trying to improve its value equation -- which we operationally define as \outcomes divided by cost.\
Breaking the Debt Cycle. Peer-to-peer lending is one of the hottest trends in this new world of loans, and can change the way we look at debt -- particularly the crushing burdens of student loans and the growing expectations of post-graduate degrees.
From a Recruiter. And if you are a junior or senior (or an eager freshman or sophomore), chances are you will be attending a lot of events this fall ranging from formal corporate presentations to more casual networking lunches. The tricky part? You won't be alone.
Higher Education and the Public Good. In short, the societal benefits of higher education far outweigh the benefit to any individual, and investment in higher education is easily repaid to the nation many times over.
With College So Expensive, How Do You Choose Where to Visit and Apply?. How do you know which colleges to visit? When? What to do? Here's how to choose the right college amidst fierce competition and rising costs and how to determine the ROI (return on investment) of a college education.
The Case for Mandatory J-101. The tragedy is that people no longer know how to distinguish solid reporting from speculation, from regurgitation or, frankly, from just plain drivel.
How Philadelphia Is Bringing Together the Country's Top Millennials. 
White House Civic Summit on Higher Education. The meeting on October 16 brought together about 50 White House aides, agency officials and staff, higher education leaders and community activists and civic leaders.
New Orleans Charter Operator Bails; Surplus Laptops Sold Bearing Student Data. We have yet another example of the problems introduced by \charter churn\
Pumpkin Festival Turns To Total Mayhem. 
Multiple People Allegedly Given Date-Rape Drugs At UC Berkeley Fraternity. 
What I Learned From 10 Days Without Shampoo. Backpacking has taught me a lot, and I will carry all of those lessons with me into the future, but here's the thing -- I don't plan on carrying much else.
Affordability and Attainment. Economic diversity at most top universities remains low. But the conversation on this issue is often one-sided, focused narrowly on why there aren't more low- and middle-income students enrolled. Equally troubling is what happens to these students when they manage to get in the door.
Why Performance Incentives And Public Schools Don't Mix. Performance incentives for public service always -- always -- involve substituting the values of the few for the values of everybody. Imagine if, for instance, we paid fire fighters on sliding scale, based on how many of which type fires they put out at a certain speed.
Do This to Improve Your College Chances. It's time to stop thinking about getting into college, and start thinking about going to college.  Do the schools on both lists offer the same majors?  Have about the same class size?  Do the students at all schools care equally about learning, or thinking, or Friday night?
Ask, Memory. Interrogation differs from reflection. Reflection has a dreamy quality to it, where memories drift in as if harnessed to clouds. Reflection relies on chance. Interrogation is forceful. It's deliberate. It exposes every fact, feeling, and idea that it can.
Rethinking Community Service. It turns out that there is a simple way each and every one of us can help. That is through a humanitarian mapping global collaboration.
Study Shows How Screen Time Can Improve Your Toddler's Reading Comprehension. As an educational app reviewer with a four-year-old who was born a month before the debut of the iPad, I can verify that Learn with Homer is among the best apps available that teaches foundational reading.
Out of the Blue. The Nobel Prize in physics was awarded last week to Isamu Akasaki, Hiroshi Amano and Shuji Nakamura, who devised a way to create a semi-conductor that emits blue, thus enabling the LEDs that illuminate our phones, televisions, and computers. They provide an opportunity for us to reflect back on the cultural potency of blueness.
Sexual Assault Will Not Be Solved by Public Relations. After survivors filed federal Title IX and Clery Act complaints against UC Berkeley for sweeping cases under the rug to the U.S. DOE, spearheaded state and federal legislation and created a national dialogue about campus sexual assault, how does UC Berkeley respond? By hiring a few people, making a website and creating posters.
6 Things Your Sloppy College Years Will Teach You. Even if you are newly graduated and daunted by your new life as a \real adult,\ don't be afraid. Your college self is still there somewhere (probably in your heart and somewhere in the damage to your liver).
What Matters More Than Test Scores. We should stop obsessing about test scores and start obsessing about the health and well-being of children and their families. The gains would be far more valuable than a few points on a standardized test.
Life After College?!. 
7 Perspectives From International Princeton Students. While it is important to be well-read and keep up with the news, it can be equally important to make sure the news stories mean something to you personally.
Autism and Literacy. We will know that we have succeeded when the headlines about non-verbal children achieving literacy stop because it is no longer news and all children on the spectrum have mastered this vital skill.
\With Liberty and Justice and High Speed Internet Access for All\. I have seen schools throughout the country where the excitement of learning is palpable and students utilize technology and internet access as an integral component in their daily learning.
Mindful Mantras for Teachers. A simple way for teachers to bring mindfulness to the act of teaching is to recite a mantra -- a short phrase that helps us on those days when our classroom feels more like Lord of the Flies than Dead Poets Society.
Engaging Girls in Your STEM Program. Even programs with the best intentions sometimes have difficulty attracting girls to STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math). Here are some tips and tricks for balancing the gender gap for your event:
Colleges Are Reporting More Sexual Assaults, And That's A Great Sign. 
America's Crusade Against Its Public School Children. A specter is haunting America - the privatization of its public schools, and Big Money has entered into an unholy alliance to aid and abet it. Multi-billionaire philanthropists and others are making common cause to hasten the destruction of public schools.
At Florida State, Football Clouds Justice. 
College Rankings. There isn't a definitive list or a guide to tell you how to get the perfect job in a desired profession; and there is (absolutely) no list available to tell you which college to attend to get a job in your desired field.
Students Shaping the Future. On Friday, Lynn will open its doors to several renowned social and environmental activists as well as delegates from around the world.
Lady Intern. I'm a 40-something intern in Hollywood. I know. For some of you, that may sound like a fate worse than death. Others may applaud my moxie for taking a chance at the mid-point of my life.
Where's the Science in Science Education?. STEM is indeed critical for American economic competitiveness and progress. So naturally you'd expect that STEM subjects would be among the best researched of all, right?
Redskins, Revenge, Censorship. Neshaminy High School officials have been locked for a year now in an uproariously abhorrent battle royale of their own making with the school's student newspaper. Why? Because staffers decided they would no longer print the name of the school's mascot.
Education Reform and Evidence. Public policy for public education is destroying it. Wholesale. That's the only conclusion I can draw from screening \Rise Above the Mark,\ a new documentary designed to spark a much-needed conversation about what is happening to public education.
Want to End Campus Sexual Assault? Tackle the Primary Issue Being Ignored. Until we're willing to deal with the fact that young people are sexual people who need more realistic, developmentally appropriate guidance when it comes to sexual expression and satisfaction, the situation is not going to change.
Callous or Callow. Southerners love their \heritage\ because it has enabled many of them not to confront their history. Those two young women with their Confederate flag and Southern pride had to travel all the way to Bryn Mawr to learn that history.
The Secret Sauce of College Admissions. The numbers suggest that the older ways of recruiting a class must change quickly if tuition-dependent institutions are to continue to be viable.
Focusing on Closing the Gender Gap in School Shootings. We need to find out how to prevent every school shooting, but focusing on the overwhelming male incidence of these tragic events may be helpful.
At What Age Can You Teach a Global Mindset?. You can't just take your kid on a vacation to Spain and consider your work done, nor can you sign up for a language course during sophomore year of college and check \global mindset\ off your to-do list. Developing a global mindset should begin before birth and continue for a lifetime.
E-Mails Are Forever. it is unethical to discuss such personnel issues outside of the committee to begin with, but by revealing the decision-making process in writing, he inadvertently gave his colleague and her lawyer a document that later became the centerpiece of a successful lawsuit.
Stop Hitting the Snooze Button. Why are goals so important and more importantly, why are they so hard to complete? Goals add direction and purpose to an individual's life. They represent progress and when accomplished, provide a feeling of self-worth.
Making Your Post-Breakup Masterpiece, One Location Permit at a Time. The excitement that comes from doing what you love is, also, seemingly, the remedy to the romantic blues.
UGA Football Overshadows Yom Kippur. On Sept. 30, myself, along with four other students at the University of Georgia came together to write a letter on behalf of the UGA Jewish community in response to the University scheduling Homecoming on Yom Kippur.
You Must Learn. We must listen to all students, regardless of what they look like, their ethnicity, or their sociocultural backgrounds. They remind us of why we are lifelong learners. Meaningful dissent can be the foundation for meaningful change. If we want problem solvers in our society, then we must let all students consider (openly) when things are and are not working.
What's Wrong With Denigrating Girls and Women in Schools?. Sexism, gender-based double standards, and male entitlement are so normalized that girls think sexual assault and violence are just a \part of life\ that they have to live with.  Not to put too fine a point on it, but this is seriously f***ed up.
Donors Matter. The \political lens\ reminds us that certain claims deserve a larger dose of skepticism than others. The agendas behind a movement are especially important to consider when we lack in-depth knowledge of a particular issue.
NCEE's Marc Tucker. Marc Tucker, president and chief executive of the National Center on Education and the Economy, recently unveiled a proposed accountability plan for public schools that includes significantly reducing the number of tests students take, and building extensive professional development time for teachers into every school day.
Common Core. Common Core has a brand problem. Two separate national surveys demonstrate rapidly declining support for the Common Core State Standards initiative.
The Constitution Isn't Just for Grown Ups. What if the negligent teachers described in the Vergara were granted tenure at 26 like me? How many children did they let down, how many families did they disappoint, how many futures did they stymie, how many lives did they hurt? What if they were my children's teachers?
Why Teachers Weren't Invited to the Table. This month has been declared New Conversation Month by reformsters. Teachers are being offered (in vaguely non-specific ways) some sort of seats at various tables. Unfortunately, this largesse underlines just how much teachers have not been included in conversations about public education.
Sanitizing History in the Name of Patriotism. Conservative politicians across the country have spent much of the past few years attempting to remake public education in their image. This idea of presenting the U.S. as infallible has long been a conservative talking point but the reality is that patriotism is just conservative code for political correctness.
How Social-Emotional Learning Transforms Classrooms. Research clearly demonstrates that integrating social-emotional learning (SEL) into the classroom is good for both students and the adults who work with them. But there's a story that the research hasn't captured -- the one of powerful transformation.
California's Early Learning Momentum Goes on. We must continue to raise quality in order to provide children with the kind of early experiences that are proven to boost high school graduation, increase college enrollment and completion, reduce crime and prepare a skilled workforce for the 21st century.
What Gameday Looks Like At These College Campuses. 
Transferring From Community College to Top University Can Be Done. Contentedness is simpler -- more comfortable, and often appears in the guise of safety. However it will almost always hinder progress, making it impossible to move forward.
Why We Should Care About Boys and Young Men of Color. My Brother's Keeper is not simply an effort to improve the condition for racial and ethnic minority communities, it is an endeavor of considerable national consequence with a capacity to improve all communities, for all of us.
Money Mistakes Freshman Can Make if You Don't Talk to Them About It. While Parents' Weekend and the chance to see your new college student face-to-face may be right around the corner, don't forget how much they would like to hear from you between now and then, and add in some practical money tips for good measure.
Where Can I Sign up for the Activities Fair?. Yes, we probably shouldn't all up and quit our jobs every few months. Probably not the best tactic. But there is absolutely no harm in exploring other curiosities. You may not be in your dream job, but you may not know what that next step may be just yet either.
Let Delta Chi At The University Of Maryland's Ice Bucket Challenge Remind You That Not All Frats Are \u2018Bad'. 
The Constant Conflict Between Feminism and Nationalism. While the word Delhi flashes images of friends and family, it also stands for fear and embarrassment that I often feel. The condition of women in our country is a disgrace, I feel myself turning red with shame every time it is discussed.
Forbes Column Warns Drunk Women Will Ruin Fraternities. 
Shakira and Massachusetts Mayor Agree. This new way of looking at ELL students, as untapped assets rather than a drain on resources, may help us reform a system in desperate need of new solutions.
The Importance of Partnerships. Junior and community colleges were created as partnerships between local governments and state governments to help provide affordable access to higher education and it worked well.  College has been the doorway to a brighter future for millions of Americans, but that door has been closing.
A Freshman's Guide to Feminism in College. Feminism is not a movement that advocates shaming, hating, or prejudice against men. This is a movement of equality, not one of gender domination.
This College Student Is Trying To Eliminate Small Talk One Big Question At A Time. 
Elite Colleges Demand Big Changes At Fraternities. 
The True Story of Public Education in America. Instead of starving our schools of critical funding and pushing market-based, test-driven policies that ultimately fail our kids, we should be relying on evidence and input from those closest to the classroom to find solutions that work.
The Global Search for Education. Investment in technology is on the increase. Some continue to claim it hurts the classroom. Others are more convinced it is transforming the classroom in a positive way. However, most now believe the goal must be about transforming the learning process.
Will Only Full Payments Count Towards Public Service Loan Forgiveness?. 
Lost in Translation. Being abroad this semester in Salamanca, Spain, the word 'lost' has taken on new meaning. 'Lost' for me now extends to homesickness, jet lag and culture shock. It's wondering if other students will ask for your company tonight, or hoping service on Viber isn't too fuzzy to talk to your mom.
School Interviews -- Averting Disaster. The truth is that the teachers who are working with your children come with a wealth of experience. In addition, kid's personalities and true characters tend to come out in these interviews.
Teaching the Next Generation of Leaders. 
Shonda Rhimes Rules the World. Shonda Rhimes. Her name alone elicits the kind of prestigious, yet thrilling notion that John Gresham or Dick Wolf would have in the mid-nineties. But this time around, she's a powerhouse of inspiration and childhood nostalgia that I could've never imagined looking up to in all of my 19 years of being a straight American male.
Making the Humanities Relevant. A school's first priority should be to teach students to think for themselves. Everything else is an educational frill!
News For High Schools. This year, for the first time, American high school students show a greater overall appreciation for the First Amendment than do adults.
Why College Students Are Stealing Their Textbooks. 
Spending a Summer as a Camp Counselor Could Be the Best Decision You Make in College. Camp counselors are given numerous opportunities to teach, listen, support, mediate, aid, lead, and make critical decisions. There is no career that doesn't implement these skills, meaning there is no person who would be wasting their time by spending a summer at camp.
Don't Bother With Yale. Kids lose their childhoods to appease the college admissions Gods (and their parents), endure record rates of depression and anxiety, and arrive on campus stripped of curiosity or self-knowledge. They excel at following orders, hence they are \excellent sheep.\
16 Reasons Why I Love to Teach Creative Writing. I felt intensely grateful that I'd had a writing mentor in college who had modeled dedicated, patient, relaxed, non-bullying work with students. Not changing what your students write but doing your best to bring it into fuller bloom.  That's not easy.
Insomnia, Hemingway's Mouth, and the Cultural Referent. All this leads me to consider something I encounter when I try to engage my college students
Am I the Only Virgin in College?. I often hear this question, spoken with anguish, in my office.  It's not the real question being asked, but it's the one that's easiest to pose. The short answer is \no.\ You can't take it back so listen to yourself, think about what kind of experience you would really like, and don't worry how many virgins are wandering around campus.
6 Must-Have Pieces of Advice for College Graduates. As a fairly recent college graduate, there are a few lessons I have learned along the way that have truly helped me thrive in my professional career and garner the experience needed to keep moving forward and achieving my goals. If you're college bound, halfway through, or about to graduate, these tips are definitely for you.
Lies My Corporate Ed Reformers Told Me. When so called \reformers\ like Campbell Brown try to make the case that tenure extends teachers an unfair guarantee of employment unlike other public servants, she is more than stretching the truth.
Dear Ernest, #2. It might sound clich\u00e9 at a glance, but there is actually a way you can still be yourself while also being the kind of person that exults leadership.
Experts. Though the rating system due out in the fall is widely viewed as a preliminary effort, onlookers worry its accountability provisions lack the data to evaluate schools accurately.
Letter to Jenny. Unfortunately, it is too late for Jenny. I hope it's not too late for someone else who happens to read this letter. I don't want to lose another child, friend, family member or stranger to the pain of hopelessness.
Options are Endless for Students Seeking to Design Video Games. To help students interested in a career in game design get started, the Entertainment Software Association releases a state-by-state list of video game programs in higher education.
Why California Has to Enter the 21st Century With Its Standards. California has long been a leader in education. It's time for its standards to catch up to its reputation.
The 17 Best Public Colleges In The Country. 
Students To University. 
Is ISIS Not as Powerful as You Think?. I'm not trying to argue that we shouldn't be fearful of ISIS, but I do think it's important to gauge exactly how much fear is appropriate before we start deciding what to do about it.
How We Do It. I may not be skilled enough to set a broken leg or brave enough carry a person from a burning building, but I, like my colleagues, can work to inspire a teenager to believe in his own potential, to see that her future depends on hard work and perseverance, to teach them the math they will need in high school and beyond.
Kids Are In School for About 15,000 Hours - Does How They Spend That Time Make a Difference?. 
Growing Up in the Shadow of 9/11. As an incoming sophomore in college now, I understand even more about the extraordinary impact that 9/11 had on America.
College Relations. For most of American history, America's colleges and universities have sat in isolated splendor as \cities upon a hill\ separated by gates and green lawns from the towns in which they lived. In these circumstances, the college relied on its non-profit status as an educator and saw little value in extending its relationships very deep into the neighborhoods that surrounded it.
Education for the World We Want (part 2). The lack of motivation to learn often results in low performance, poor self-esteem and disruptive behavior. As self-image decreases, the desire to constructively contribute to society declines creating a downward spiral.
There is More to Life Than Freshman Year. Sometimes you have to completely throw yourself into something and not look up until all you see is clear sky. I think expectations, snap judgments, and insecurities cloud the conscience; they keep us from living and investing in the present.
A Good Start for Schools and Students. It's no surprise that too many students start each school year without the supplies they need, or walk into classrooms that don't have the resources required for a productive year.
Perfect v. Good. Real life is notoriously imperfect.  Somehow, this ill-conceived quest for perfection in higher education seems rooted in nostalgia for an outmoded collegiate ideal.
WATCH. 
Arts Integration Works Says Portland's \Right Brain Initiative\. RBI was launched in 2008 by a unique collaboration of artists, art and cultural organizations, school districts, governments, businesses and donors who believed in the concept of \arts integration.\
What Teachers Really Do, Really. The Education in America series for HuffPost Live discusses what truly defines an amazing teacher and what challenges teachers are facing in the present-day.
Coached and Now Coaching. 
This Man Ate 100 Chipotle Burritos To Help His Fraternity Brother With Cancer. When one fraternity brother wanted to raise money for a good cause, he started eating burritos. Lots and lots of burritos.
Opening the Doors of Elite College. When I transferred to NYU, my dream college, the experience was starkly different. Catering to traditional students -- younger than I was, financially dependent upon parents and without children -- NYU fell short in addressing my needs.
What to Look Forward to as a Senior. Britney Spears said it best with \I'm not a girl, not yet a woman.\ We seniors are standing at this awkward intersection, but there is so much to look forward to this year and beyond.
The Most Powerful Renewable Resource -- Citizen Power. Recruiting 250,000 Americans into full-time service, with a majority laboring in schools, can be the heart of a massively scaled \second shift\ in education and can in turn recruit, train and support citizen change makers.
Why I Left Academia. The lack of women and minorities in philosophy may be an anomaly in the academy, especially among the humanities, but it is not an accident.
An Accounting of Word Counts. Whenever I used to advise students on early drafts of college essays, I assured them that I didn't care about word counts. \Write it long, write it short -- I don't care,\ I'd tell them. \Just get your thoughts on to the page.\
How My Love Life Went From 50 Shades of Grey to Gay. A few weeks went by with what some would say was conversation, but felt more to me like he was reading my soul. I felt like he had me all figured out, more than I had myself figured out. I remember being frustrated that he hadn't asked me for my number yet.
Escaping the Higher Education Stockholm Syndrome. I wouldn't be one of the thoroughbreds the article describes, circling an endless track of exams, interviews and extracurriculars just to hit the next career step. At the very least, I'd build my own track.
The Wal-Mart-ization of Education. If the Walton family is truly interested in helping every child achieve a high-quality education, they could begin by committing to pay their own workers a decent wage instead of spending their billions to wipe out our nation's public school system.
Exercising Restraint in Schools. The controversy surrounding the use of physical restraints and seclusion rooms in schools has exploded and resonated across the country from Hawaii to Massachusetts.
4 Back-to-School Myths About College Textbooks. 
University Considered Community Service Too 'Punitive' For Rape Punishment. 
Dear Ernest, #1. College students spend more time trying to unify themselves to the same expectations that high school required without appreciating the opportunity to create their own unique standard.
Why I Taught My Class About Ferguson. Each time I gathered materials to teach these 'controversial' units, there was always a fleeting voice in my head that questioned if these were topics my sophomores and juniors could handle, but within minutes I pushed those thoughts to the side and decided that for the benefit of my students.
Education and Philanthropy. Given that not much got accomplished in Newark I'm a touch puzzled that Mark Zuckerberg is now doubling down and giving $120 million to Bay Area schools.
Academic Freedom at the University of Illinois. I hope there will be justice for Professor Salaita, but we must distinguish his First Amendment right to free speech from the more general question of academic freedom.
Michelle Rhee and the High Price of Education Leadership. 
School District Cuts Ties With Christian College Over Anti-Gay Request. 
The Global Search for Education. How do you they lead their people well and subsequently bring about change on a global scale?  Andy Hargreaves, Alan Boyle and Alma Harris conducted an extensive seven-year global research study that focused on fifteen high-performing organizations in business, sports and education to find out the answers to these questions.
College Must Be More Than Just a Classy Trade School. Sure, we must pay attention to what our graduates will do with their education, and we must give them the skills to translate what they learn in classrooms to their lives after graduation. But we shouldn't reduce our understanding of \their lives after graduation\ to their very first job.
A Meditation on Violent Language. Chancellor Phyllis Wise's letter to the campus was a prime example of violent language -- all the more violent because of its calm, rational, removed tone.  This is the kind of bureaucratic language that has the power to do much more harm than an angry expletive posted about a war.
Napping Around. 
3 Ways To Build Students' Analog Skills In The Era Of The Emoticon. If we think about computers not as instruments for solitary learning, but as collaborative tools that enable students to interact with others with whom they otherwise wouldn't have had the opportunity to connect, we stretch education in ways that have never been seen.
Beyond the Bell. Every year, thousands of people across America embark on an incredible journey. They are a variety of people -- from young to old, recent college graduates to retirees, lawyers to medical professionals from all backgrounds and from states across the country.
Attention, Freshmen. Don't be scared. You will struggle and you might even fail a course or two. You might even break down and cry a few times. But if you work hard and stop second-guessing your every decision, you will get through it all and succeed.
Back to School With Heart. It is time to be going back to school with more than brand new backpacks filled with school supplies.  Here's to the 2014-15 school year kick-off with vigilant attention to EVERY aspect of our children's health and development!
Education Is the Avenue to Prosperity in America. America's most affluent have made their fortunes in different ways, but one thing is clear
University's Planner Features Lovely Photo -- Of The Wrong School. 
These 25 Famous Former Interns Are Proof That Hard Work Does Pay Off. 
Teaching as a Subversive Activity. One way to reverse the trend of the corporatization of our schools, the \yield returns\ mentality, is to re-imagine a new future in the \subversive\ classroom.
Educational Challenges in \Flyover Country\. Our remote, rural location means the national issues churning around higher education -especially the proposed solutions - are often irrelevant, if not detrimental, to our situation.
You Can Now Study Reddit At MIT. 
Thinking at Harvard. The future of learning should be such that it gives greater flexibility to the learner, confidence that the self can learn anything, basic idea clarity on complex thoughts and processes and awareness about the world at large and tolerance.
Why Colleges and Universities Should Be Worried About Campus Sexual Assault Investigations. The storm of criticism, investigations and lawsuits arising from the campus sexual assault crisis suggests that this is a critical opportunity for colleges and universities to self-examine the weaknesses in the existing systems of prevention and investigation of sexual assaults.
The Overachiever's Guide to Junior Year. Identify a second faculty mentor for research. Meet at least once a semester with both of your faculty mentors to explore research opportunities, including paid summer experiences. Also, if you plan on applying to graduate school, request letters of recommendation.
Arne Duncan Declares Victory in War on Schools and Teachers. I found three of Duncan's statements particularly ironic. He wrote about his continuing commitment to a \spirit of flexibility,\ flexibility that is completely lacking in Race to the Top mandates.
No, Northern Illinois University, Your Web Policy Really Isn't OK. Why would a student accessing Wikipedia receive a warning about \Illegal or Unethical\ content if NIU is just trying to address sites that \pose an active security risk?\
A Teacher's Plea to President Obama. 
Starting College. With memories of high school graduations still strong but sadly beginning to fade, as in the cascade of summers before,  millions of families are busily preparing for a signal event in their lives.
Putting the Oxygen Back into Improving Education. In the time remaining for his administration, Secretary Duncan can still make his place in history by rebalancing the educational reform initiatives in favor of providing more constructive supports for teachers.
University of Illinois Repeals the First Amendment for Its Faculty. It is not an exaggeration to say that the Chancellor and the Board of Trustees have now declared that the First Amendment does not apply to any tenured faculty at the University of Illinois.
Engaging Those Kids in Writing. Teaching writing has been a challenge for teachers for years.   That is one of the reasons why many adults are poor writers; they did not get the training they needed in elementary school and high school.
WATCH. 
5 Ways to Get More Out Of Your Classes This Fall. The classroom is where you'll learn all of the information that you apply to your internships and your professors are great professional contacts for you and can be sources of recommendations in the future.
Jim Jeffords. The best thank you we could give Senator Jeffords would be to continue working until we reach the day when every child has access to a high-quality after school program.
13 Ways You Know You're a Broke College Student. 2. You wipe your mouth with the napkins you hoarded from Chipotle. What, is the huge corporation going to miss a few napkins? You're basically Robin Hood.
Racist Bullying Needs to Stop. Kids are expelled for drugs or carrying knives. They are given detention when they swear or wear the wrong shoes. So why is racist bullying not taken as seriously? Why do many teachers close their eyes to name calling and \small\ scuffles?
9 Things a Millennial Will Never Admit. Millennials are constantly wary of being \called out\ in person or online.
Maison de Madness. The pressures for obtaining a convenient and comfortable home is still very evident as real estate in Kingston, and many other Canadian college towns, is slowly being exploited to the market imbalance of the newly emerging student housing business.
Year-Round Schooling. The pressure to have high-performing students is the bane of every teacher's existence and research shows that too much time off from the school routine can actually undo the hard work teachers put in to their students.
10 Surprising Facts About The Sex Lives Of Single Men. 
Extra, Extra! How to Get Your Face On Screen. Most movie extras are not professionals in the acting business, but rather just people who you would see on the street. Everyone has the opportunity to become a movie extra, if they only know how.
Tony Wagner's The Global Achievement Gap Is More Relevant Than Ever. We have always had plenty of soul-killing, drill and kill instruction. In the past, however, it was seen as education malpractice. Now, it is imposed in the name of \reform.\
Is College Worth the Cost of Attendance?. With the cost of attendance rising across the board, for universities and community colleges across the country and student debt rising exorbitantly, more and more students, parents, and educators worry about the overall value of higher education and the return on investment.
The Overachiever's Guide to Senior Year. For nearly two decades, I've been committed to preparing the most inspiring and motivated college students for graduate/professional school and lifelong achievement. I have learned that my very best students were focused, driven, and disciplined enough to follow these key steps-to-success during their senior year.
How College Students Order Food. 
10 Things to Pack When You Go to College. Whether you are heading off to college this fall as a freshman or as a returning student, it is critical that you think about your preparation -- not just in the practical matters of packing to outfit your residence hall room -- but also in preparing your mindset so you can truly get the most out of college.
Duncan Funnels Millions To College Board. What do low-income students get out of this? A chance to take an AP test. Not, mind you, more resources to get ready for it, nor do they get help with actually going to a college after taking the test (which may or may not give them any help once they get in).
Recruiting Late-Career Professionals to Teaching. 
The Ultimate Demise of Common Core - Part III. When it comes to education, there seems to be a competing theory that differences should be dismissed in favor of finding a standardized way to teach all K-12 students.
Diverse Conversations. Many higher education professionals often complain that the higher-ups at their institutions are not transparent in their dealings. This can have a negative impact on faculty morale and thus a devastating effect on the functioning of an institution.
Diverse Conversations. Recognizing the trends of higher education is important for those of us who are involved in it on a professional level. But what are the trends?
Ferguson's Lessons for the Fall Semester. As students return to school this fall with the echoes of gunshots and angry protests reverberating across the country, how will teachers address the lessons of Ferguson?  Will they even be able to do so?
Creating a Learning Environment With MOOCs. The question, in the end, is not whether or not MOOCs are effective teaching tools, but whether or not they can contribute to learning. While this may seem like a minor distinction, it places the responsibility on the learner and the learning context, not on the MOOC.
Being Thrown and Getting Back Up. I felt like I was at a funeral, not in English, my favorite subject.  Laughing faces turned into frowns. It took forever for her to reach me, returning a 72 on a piece about Who's Afraid of Post Blackness? This grade threw me as hard as my horse Braun had thrown me out of my tack.
How Would You Redefine Study Abroad?. A new initiative at the International Institute of Education is sparking conversation, asking us how we can increase the cultural awareness in our students and encourage them to learn in environments outside of their comfort zone.
Recapping the Women's College Advantage. As a women's college alumna, my contention is that women's colleges are today's best kept secret in higher education. It's the main reason I started blogging and with so many advantages, it would be remiss of me not to continue to do so.
Our Students. Their Moment. My A**!. The bureaucrats charged with implementing the Common Core dodge the flak from right and left, pointing out that the Common Core is a set of common standards, not a prescribed curriculum.   This defense, while limitedly accurate, is irrelevant. The problem with the Common Core is that it drives bad education.
Hundreds Call On Dartmouth To Make A BIG Change. 
A Dozen (or so) Ways to Tame the Back-to-School Freak Out. When I finally realized that the temporary insanity I was experiencing in my clients was actually full out anxiety, I took a look at all the habits, actions and tools I used as a child and even now as a parent coach and mother, to tame the Back-to-School Freak Out.
Dolly Parton. Really.. So you say you'd like a cheerful education story for a change. Fine. Let's talk about Dolly Parton. Really.
Family Engagement. With the start of the school year just around the corner, now is an excellent time for all of us to renew our commitment to ensuring all children succeed. So what should be at the top of to-do lists as children head back to school?
Still Correct to Not Hire Anti-Israel Prof. Yesterday, Stanford professor David Palumbo-Liu wrote a response to my piece, in which he claims that I am either willfully ignorant or distort facts. Readers can sort much of this controversy for themselves. However, I would like to briefly address several of Palumbo-Liu's assertions.
Investing in Student Outcomes. 
U-Lab. Summing up the problem
A Reply to Nathaniel Zelinsky. Critics of UIUC's action do so not to defend someone critical of Israel -- it is to defend all scholars against the capricious will of administrators to deny employment to faculty who hold unpopular beliefs.
Iowa State Students Look For Replacement To Annual Rage Fest. 
Diverse Conversations. Up there with the tenure system, the peer-review process is perhaps one of the most baffling and convoluted aspects of modern academia. What is it, though, and how exactly does the process of peer-review work?
Diverse Conversations. More and more academics are recognizing the potential to supplement their income from higher education positions with out-of-the-box projects and schemes.
The Ultimate Demise of Common Core - Part I. There isn't anything in recent educational history that has caused more of a stir than the implementation of national Common Core standards in most states. It seems that everyone from politicians to parents has an opinion.
The Randomest, Awesomest Things That Make College Students Happy. 
The Global Search for Education. Jiang Xueqin believes that the very best American institutions of learning have \a culture and tradition of openness, diversity, and risk-taking that China must emulate if China is to progress as a society and as a culture.\
Coming to Terms About Mentorship. Often times what is failed to mention about mentorship is that it is difficult to develop that relationship.  That relationship is so difficult to develop because it can be seen as a one-way street.
Dartmouth Posts Fundraising Record Amid U.S. Sexual Assault Probe. 
An Instagram Worth a Thousand Likes. Within the flurry of social medias, it's unsurprising that Instagram has steadily gained clout over other popular platforms. How else could the phrase \selfie\ blossom? Underneath who-knows-how-many layers of Lo-Fi and Valencia filters, the answer -- quite literally -- is staring us in the face.
We're All on Our Way Out. I don't have a younger sister, but if I did, this is what I would tell her, and what I wished someone would have told me.
Does Political Correctness Work?. While our lexicons are being updated to reflect a changing understanding of prejudice, it's hard to imagine that some of us aren't losing our relation to the real-life problems that our language is trying to solve.
Student Debt May Have A Bigger Impact On Your Life Than You Realize. 
Parents of Young Athletes Need to Keep Everything in Perspective. You should be your kid's biggest supporter. But for parents of high school athletes, in particular, it's important to maintain perspective. Don't lose sleep worrying about catering to every need of your athletic child.
Sticker Shock! College Performing Arts Costs. As you investigate colleges and costs, ask questions of admission and recruitment offices. They are more than happy to give you straightforward answers. And the department heads certainly have a point of view about the affordability of their particular programs.
Weed Was Way Cheaper On Campus 40 Years Ago. 
3 Books Every Girl Should Read Before Starting College. Gone are the days of assigned summer reading, so the summer before entering college is the perfect time to catch up on some enlightening reading for what little summertime we have left.
College President Gives $90,000 Of His Salary To Lowest-Paid Employees On Campus. 
How Colleges Can Produce More Career-Ready Grads. 
BYU Had A Great Reaction To, Once Again, Be Named The Most Sober School. 
Why We Should Not Copy South Korea. We have heard again and again that we are losing \the global competition\ to nations like South Korea where students and parents take tests very seriously. But are test scores worth it?
U.S. Air Force Academy To Probe Reports Of Rape, Drug Use. 
Computer Science in K-12 Classrooms Needs to Catch Up. It's estimated that in the next decade the number of computer science jobs in the U.S. will outnumber qualified people by 1 million. That's 1 million jobs for the taking that Americans will miss out on because of inadequate skill sets.
Grading Race to the Top on Its Merits. Although it is not the silver bullet that many believed it would be, Race to the Top is definitely a step in the right direction when it comes to education policy reform.
An Education Revolution in One Word. 
Voices From the Virtual Street. Public education, in my opinion, is one of the greatest gifts to our youth -- but only if this gift is given to them with their unique emotional, mental, and developmental needs in mind.
Which College Athletes Smoke The Most Weed?. 
Do You Really Know What the Common Core Is?. Having written curricula and lesson plans geared to the high school level Common Core Standards, I just don't see what all the hub bub's about.
Are College Students Sleeping With Toxic Flame Retardants?. Mattress toppers are incredibly common in dorms around the country ,and it appears that most contain flame retardants that seep out and become part of our children's toxic body burden.
American Dream Fraud. While I've been a true believer and I've perpetuated the belief in hard work as the great poverty buster, now when I talk to some of them I feel that I've perpetuated a great fraud upon them.
New Bill Would Shed Daylight On Schools Under Investigation For Sexual Violence. 
George Ossei. In the late 1700s there were about 427 free black men and 48 slaves living in Providence, the capital of Rhode Island. By 1825, Providence had 1,414 free black men and four slaves.
Adjuncts Would Get Student Debt Wiped Away Under New Proposal. 
White House Counseling Summit Raises Hopes, Questions, and Possibilities. 
This Man Dropped Out Of College To Make A Statement Against Circumcision. 
What Year's Worth Of Campus Blotter Reports For One Party School Looks Like. 
Transformation Through Listening. These keys to developing \personal intelligence\ are experienced while \masterfully\ listening to another person. The masterful listener is quiet inside, totally receptive and connects with their heart to the person who is speaking.
The Real College Financial Crisis. If you want to understand the real college crisis in rising college costs, you don't need to look to the Ivy League or even your state's flagship university. Simply take a look at your local community college.
College Advice from the People Who Matter Most (Pt. I). The world enjoys no shortage of advice, both good and bad, about how students can get into college. But for all the thousands of dollars that families spend on preparation, all of that support vanishes once students actually enroll.
The Power Behind a Gesture. Alberto was a remarkable human being who will be missed by all who embraced his commitment to change the world.
The Vergara Era, Part 2. Whether you agree or disagree with the court ruling, we all have an opportunity to look beyond the past or the present and to shape the future policies that will elevate our profession and the kind of education we offer our students.
The Importance of Being Bold. The question on everyone's lips was \How did you get Michelle Obama to visit your program?\ The answer is simple
Iggy Azalea and Macklemore. The braggadocio nature of a lot of hip-hop songs and the genre's roots as an outlet for African American youth has made Iggy Azalea's rise to popularity controversial. She has the longest run for a female rapper as #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 with \Fancy.\
The 10 Best Colleges For Your Money. 
The Global Search for Education. New Zealand has one of the most devolved school systems in the Western world.  If, for example, a school in New Zealand is failing, the final say on all things resides with the school community.
Anthony Weiner's Former Mistress Lived In My Apartment For A Week. 
What K-12 Systems Can Learn from Best Education College Rankings. Student success stems from teacher capability. The educators who oversee today's classrooms directly determine how much their students learn.
Dorm Shopping. 
3 Things High School Students Should Know About College. As the stakes rise regarding the necessity of a high school diploma for lifelong success, so do the standards to earn one. High school graduates today must know more than the generations that came before them.
How I Paid Off $117K Of Student Loans. When Richard Kline graduated from law school in 2003, he had $117,000 in debt and jobs in the legal field were scarce, so he took a job as a mortgage loan officer. Despite his hard work and a housing market that was just starting to boom, he was barely making a dent in his balances.
A Career Path for Every Great Teacher. 
What Education Of The Future Will Look Like. 
I Learned Nothing in College. As I reflect on my undergraduate experience, I feel that it was a colossal waste of time. My memories are a vague blur of hanging out with friends and cramming for exams --forgetting all the information on my way out the door.
College Women Gain Valuable Career Experience This Summer. The summer months are the perfect time for college students to add relevant experience to their resume. This experience, whether you're going on to graduate school or launching your career after graduation, gives you a chance to stand out.
Playful Learning and Rigorous Assessment. 
How to Stop 'Saving' the English Major. I sometimes lie awake at night cursing the heavens, wishing that God had never forged a love of the written word from the steel of my very soul and instead forged something that would have allowed me to invent Candy Crush.
College Students Helped End the War in Vietnam; Can't They Stop Rape on Campus?. These high achievers who are committed to academic excellence, community service and leadership are the dreamers who imagine what they want society to look like and will put in the time to create it.
Is Paris Burning?. It's well past time for President Hollande to issue a strong response to this incident and others like it. If he does not, it will send a clear message that tolerating or even spreading hatred is acceptable in France.
Educational Reform. It is time for education to include the skills which for too long have been left to random chance. The potential of heart intelligence deserves our attention and integration into our ideas about what is education.
To DC, With Love. How can the place we live be comparable to say a boyfriend or a girlfriend? How can the streets we walk, the people we see, and the corner establishments we frequent be so impactful on our happiness?
Dropping the Needle. Is this an era of disruption? There can be little doubt that the constant barrage of infotainment influences how we perceive personal and societal circumstances. Do we have time to reflect on what we are learning from our families, our colleagues, our students and our research?
Mr. Minkel Goes to the White House. There should have been a conversation about what it means to educate all parts of a child, from the head to the heart, to the physical body.  What can we do to start helping all children to develop ALL parts of themselves?
A Teacher's Unlikely Crush (on an eReader). You know when you fall in love, that feeling that you want to tell everyone you know about it? That's me right now. I'm in love with an eReader.
Educational Tech. Following the successful mobile gaming application business model, ed-tech companies are starting to offer free services with paid upcharges. Consider Candy Crush Saga a way of doing business.
Tuning in to Teachers. Why would 3,500 people go to sun- and fun-filled Los Angeles and opt to spend the bulk of their time inside a cavernous convention hall? To be heard.
Why I Encourage Failure in STEM. Ah! The wonderful sound of clanging medals, young voices cheering, and the slapping of high fives -- it's the sound of students being rewarded for collaborating and utilizing their STEM skills. This sound does not come without a price -- it is the sound that can come after as many successes as failures.
Higher Education and Rising Inequality. Higher education today embodies individualistic, hypercompetitive achievement norms which contribute to inequality in a number of ways.  And it has enormous, if often unacknowledged, power shaping career plans of its students and helping to authorize \what counts\ in the intellectual life of the nation.
Intelligence Having Fun. I don't personally think video games will re-define creativity, but I do believe they can offer a whole new range of opportunities for people, especially those who might be intimidated or unengaged by more traditional pathways, to enjoy the experience of creative and musical expression.
Summer Learning. A new report suggests that when it comes to summer enrichment programs, the opportunities that might help slow that academic slide for struggling students are out of reach for many families.
Who Would Replace Arne Duncan?. Both national teachers' unions have recently given voice to a popular teacher daydream -- the departure of Arne Duncan from the U.S. Department of Education. But the fantasy of having Duncan go away and be replaced by someone more suitable for the job is a fantasy.
3 Tips for Using Video Interviews to Hire Great Teachers. The problem isn't drought, it's a flood. Yet, you know it takes more to excel at your school than just the right credentials. Cultural fit is extremely important for any teacher, whether they're a recent grad or a seasoned pro.
The Vergara Era, Part 1. Whether you agree or disagree with the ruling that found several facets of California's education code in violation of equal protection, court cases like Vergara force us to have pointed conversations about education and justice.
Advising Students About College in This New Economy. We wouldn't dare give a young person who is just starting out the same advice today about bank interest rates or real estate values that we did ten years ago. So why are we still giving out the same old advice about college?
The Curious Mechanics of EDM and How It Became Distinct From Electronic Dance Music. Dispensable income and social networking tendencies of EDM fans have bolstered the global EDM market to the tune of $6.2 billion dollars. The commercialization of EDM has embittered fans and DJs alike, causing Deadmau5 to rename the genre \Event Driven Marketing.\
\Is Autism a Disability or a Difference?\. 
To Move Back in with Your Parents After You Graduate or Not. After the caps have been thrown and the goodbyes have been said, it's time to decide where you are going to live post-college life. Moving back in with your parents is always an option, but is it the right one for you?
The Best of Summer 2014. Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is an incredible thriller like no other. It's much smaller in scale than its predecessor, but that only allows for it to tell a more intimate story. The political and family drama is intensely engaging and the action-packed climax is the most fun half hour you'll spend at the movies this summer.
4 Ways to Make Money After Graduation. Let's face it
Funding Disparity Highlights Inequality Between District, Charter Students. Equity should mean real equality for everyone. Most of all, education reform should be aimed at creating an education system that serves all students, and gives everyone a quality education that prepares them for college and a rewarding career.
Possibly The Only Back To School To-Do List You'll Need. 
Competition Through Cooperation in American Higher Education. 
Don't Fight Summer Fun -- Make It Educational. Some youth will go off to summer camps, or spend their free time exploring museums and nature; however, others will find themselves without important learning opportunities. Inevitably, a lack of exposure to learning opportunities from one school year to the next leads to summer learning loss.
The Top Five Myths About Attending An All-Women's College. As soon as I leave the bubble of Smith College, I find myself having to explain or clarify various misconceptions that friends from high school -- and even the parents of these friends -- have about what it's really like to attend a school without any boys.
'Learn French in 10 Years!'. Our expectations about learning languages are, quite frankly, odd, and ads like \Learn French (or Spanish, or Galician) in 10 Days\ pander to them. While these ads might help sell language-learning programs, they reinforce false expectations.
Staying in a College Town Over the Summer. As clich\u00e9 as this probably sounds, college isn't just some step in your journey. It is its own adventure, filled with endless opportunities and lessons. And, where you are is a big part of that journey.
Doing Academic Time. For those on the track leading to the awarding (or denial) of tenure, academic time plays a cruel joke
A College's Handling Of A Reported Rape Made The Victim Wish She Had Stayed Silent. 
The Global Search for Education. Education thought leaders around the world speak to the need for more innovative projects like the workshop being done this week at Teacher's College. To find out more, I reached out to the visiting teachers, students and leaders.
How to Prepare for College. A student needs to develop the necessary skills to pursue a college degree, although in truth there are many kinds of colleges and some are far more difficult than others, both in terms of admittance and performance expectations.
Informal Learning Is Taking Over (Infographic). In today's information age, an individual's ability to learn is more critical than ever.  Education is becoming a lifelong pursuit and is following the trend of general media consumption.
My Mother Hated Tattoos, So Naturally I Got One For Her. Mom was hysterical. Equal parts angry, touched and relieved I wasn't with child. \How can I be mad?\ she asked, I had hoped hypothetically. She loved it. But she was definitely kind of mad.
Singing in the Snow. 
The Untapped Potential of Teacher Networks. Network organizations aren't created spontaneously, and many well-intentioned efforts to build teacher networks fall short of developing these characteristics. How can educators move beyond just networking to building strong network organizations?
When It Pays to Think Inside the Box. Last summer my granddaughter, Brooke, played in the U.S. Kids Golf World Championship in Pinehurst, North Carolina.
In Order for Our Kids to Keep Learning, We Need to Keep Learning Too. How do we act on new information, when our systems and structures have been built on a foundation of incomplete or outdated information? How do we adjust what we've built in order to accommodate what we've learned?
The Echo Chamber Is Getting Louder. I dread social media during election seasons. I have friends who sit all across the spectrum of political ideology. The constant barrage of vitriolic online postings from both sides of the aisle is like being trapped inside a bass drum in a marching band.
Details of Duncan Equity Equality Plan. This aspect of school reform has been lurking around the edges for some time-- the notion that once we find the super-duper teachers, we could somehow shuffle everybody around and put the supery-duperest in front of the neediest students.
50 Years After the Civil Rights Act. We're not facing angry mobs and jail time, but I like to think that our work is furthering the hopes and dreams of the brave kids who marched in the streets of Birmingham.
The Elite's Politics Are Squelching Everyone Else's Right to Culture. This heist by the rich has finally drawn the attention of the media, academics and politicians. But the fact that their politics is also taking away the non-elite's access to culture has barely drawn notice.
5 Ways to Impress a Tough Boss. Whether your boss is ignoring you or just being plain mean, we came up with some tips for how to handle even the toughest of bosses.
At National Charter Conference, The Numbers Add Up -- Except When They Don't. \The numbers add up.\ But what of the lesser numbers -- the ones that are, well, less than prime -- and hence, don't quite add up? Was there anyone who would speak for them?
The Future of Higher Education. If leadership ultimately must come from within higher education, will the disruptive innovators who understand the history and traditions step forward to make change happen?
What Do We Know About the New SAT?. There is a perception that we don't yet know much about the redesigned SAT.  This notion persists because the College Board has chosen to release information in a less than straightforward manner, burying hard fact within vague jargon about measures of \college readiness.\
Should We Rewrite American History Books?. 
Do Teachers Really Hate Common Core?. 
UT Austin President Enters Standoff Over Resignation. 
The Hardest Part of Teaching. They never tell you in teacher school, and it's rarely discussed elsewhere. It is never, ever portrayed in movies and tv shows about teaching. Teachers rarely bring it up around non-teachers for fear it will make us look weak or inadequate.
Choosing Your Professors and Keeping Those Ties. Among the most important people who will influence your college life and, even life after, will be your professors. And they will help you increase your grades if you know how to engage them.
The Importance of Process in Achieving Results. I would not have been able to sustain and increase my interest for learning and thinking had I been only concentrating on the end result. The \process\ and the \enjoyment of  the process\ is the key to success.
Writing the Common Application Essay and What to Avoid. Your essays will bring authenticity to your application and allow the admission officers to learn who you are. You need to make sure this happens. So just how should you start writing your essays?
Screen Literacy for the Next Generation. In my college classroom I often ask students about their technology habits and, to my surprise, I repeatedly find that this \tech generation\ is not as active as we have come to believe.
Higher Ed Slims Down. Higher education in America fails mostly for the same reason people get fat.  It takes a lot of hard work to be successful no matter how you go about it. But there are options.
Declaring Our Independence Through Education. On this July 4 we should dedicate ourselves to recovering the American promise that education should increase our independence. Since the founding of this country, education has been closely tied to self-reliance, to declaring one's independence through one's ability to think for oneself and creatively contribute to society. In a quickly shifting economic landscape, it is understandable that some parents and pundits are calling for streamlined learning to train people quickly. But gearing education only to meeting current economic conditions is a ticket to conformity -- and also to economic and cultural mediocrity.
Happy Birthday America. he process of debating and revising Jefferson's declaration continued on July 3 and into the late morning of July 4. In the evening of July 4, 1776, the Second Continental Congress \unanimously\ approved the final wording of the Declaration of Independence.
Job Insecurity. Should we -- teachers, that is -- be fighting to maintain job protections for our colleagues whose incompetence is at best negligent and at worst abusive? How about we concede a baseline of quality in each classroom?
I've Graduated.. But Don't Have A Job. Now What?. Congratulations! After years of hard work, you've finally accepted your diploma, crossed that stage and entered the Real World.\n\nAnd you have zero job prospects lined up.
Is Pro-Marijuana Pro-Propaganda?. 
Roy, Huck and Siddartha. Last fall I was granted a sabbatical. I shared with my colleagues that I planned to practice the piano, focus on wellness, and re-read some of my favorite books, including The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.  One of the senior faculty asked me
A Cure for Microwave Spectrum Disorder. When challenged about the effect on their psyches of what I generically dub anti-social media, students assure me that they are fully social, but their integration and communication is with a society other than the one in the room.
Hey Yale, Can You Tell Me What's Going On?. Moving forward, when a sexual assault is reported on a college campus, it is investigated thoroughly and quickly, with an outside party overseeing the procedure. The outside party could be local law enforcement or a federal agency.
Soul Searching for Today's High School Student. By the time I left SUNY at Albany in 1990, I knew attending college wasn't the right place. I did however, have to go through those two tough years to figure out what my soul needed.
What They Didn't Prepare You for After College. Students tend to think while in the classroom they are learning everything they need to know to be successful on their job. I have spoken to so many people who have made the statement that you don't actually learn your field until you're actually working in it.
Movie Review. If you do not object to another remake of ET with cell phones added and the sets updated, this film is for you.  The audience was made up of children who all applauded at the end so there appeared to be no objection to this similarity.  The acting is so fine that the evening spent watching Earth to Echo will be enjoyable for all ages.
Doing vs. Thinking. PhD graduates come in different shapes and sizes; those passionate about an academic career, and those that are not. As it becomes clear that an academic career is not the ultimate goal - panic, dread and feelings of lack of accomplishment may start to reign.
How We Spent Our Summer Vacation. In public higher education, many system-wide coordinating boards use the summer to conduct workshops aimed at briefing different groups of administrators on new regulations and at coordinating efforts among the system's various institutions.
A MOOC By Any Other Name. MOOCS are forcing us to think about online education, which is already  here and here to stay. Call them MOOCS, called them distant learning initiatives, call them blended learning courses... the revolution has begun.
Who Pays for Our Kids' Education?. We are a well-educated society, so how did we get ourselves into this cycle of putting this financial burden and stress on the teachers who we entrust with our kids every day?
Professor Arrested for Assault on Police, But Video May Tell Different Story. At the time Professor Ore insisted that there was much more that happened that evening, but her story was not taken seriously and certainly it appeared nowhere on the news.
64 Colleges Are Under Now Investigation For Their Handling Of Sexual Assaults. 
Review of Adam Phillips, Becoming Freud. Phillips does tell us that, as a young child in the 1860s, Sigmund regularly found himself displaced by the birth of new siblings -- six in seven years. As newlyweds in the 1880s, Freud and his wife practically repeated this history, welcoming new children -- six in eight years.
Professor Slammed To The Ground By Police, Arrested For Allegedly Assaulting An Officer. 
NYT Column Asserts. We have this test, and it proves that our colleges and universities are terrible. I wonder if the solution will turn out to involve government regulation and private corporate take-overs. I would try to figure it all out, but gosh, I graduated from an American college in 1979, so I am probably too dumb.
Why Grammar Is Important. 
Missing the Full Picture of Voters Attitudes on Public Education. The ongoing discourse before, during and after the Vergara trial decision has tried to blame teachers and further the idea that current policies keep ineffective teachers in low-performing school districts and perpetuate unequal outcomes. Our research suggests voters do not agree with this causality.
What It Takes to Keep Your Cool. I looked forward to the day when I could finally say I knew what it takes to be cool. I couldn't fathom it would be something that would disappoint me. That maybe I wouldn't want to be cool. But I don't. I can't.
Saturday Mornings Like Poetry. 
Positively Deviant School Reform?. If you had six months, little to no resources, and a clear mandate to solve a chronic country-wide problem -- what would you do? As someone who cares deeply about American public education, I believe a certain approach could yield great returns.
5 Things to Help Millennials Take Back Their Lives. What is it about millennials that makes us constantly forge happiness? I have faith in my generation. If we believe that we can break free from social media mania and adjust our lifestyles to reflect authenticity instead of deceit, we might be able to admit that life is not perfect.
Breaking Bad in Bavaria. The best preparation I ever had for becoming a college president wasn't the Harvard IEM seminar or the administrative program at Cornell. It was breaking my ankle in Bavaria.
Why #FelonCrushFriday Should Change the Way We Think About Incarceration. #FelonCrushFriday should be used to raise public awareness about the reforms needed in the criminal justice system and how each of us can extend a hand to those caught in its revolving doors. We can change the way we think about crime and incarceration.
\I'm Sorry to Say This About the Chinese\. From time to time, people who are about to condemn the Chinese apologize to me. They preface their comment with, \I am very sorry to have to say this,\ and they give me a pitying look.
The Global Search for Education. 
Two Public Policies That Transformed Our Nation. On Sunday, June 22, we will commemorate the 70th anniversary of the G.I. Bill becoming the law of the land.  Innumerable individuals have benefitted from this far-sighted policy, signed by President Franklin D. Roosevelt.
TIME Magazine's Rape Crisis Article. Perhaps, as we continue to talk about this horrible issue, and work collectively to eliminate it, we can help remove the stigma. When people feel ashamed they shut down or act out. Shame is directly connected with addiction.
A 360-Degree View on Studying Abroad. Moving beyond borders for a novel experience can be the solution to your post-teenage existentialist crisis; discovering yourselves in different environments is both challenging and bold.
Setting the Record Straight on Sexual Assaults on Campus. Student activist groups suggest that we should be skeptical of the number of assaults that universities track and they are frustrated with the denial and minimization of the problem of sexual assault on college campuses.
When Your HS Graduates Choose Community College. It scares me how much the negative stereotypes of community colleges have crept into the national psyche. Because they creep into community college students' psyches as well and make them feel unworthy of success before they've even begun.
The 8 Most Important Lessons from My First Year Out of College. During college, your hobbies are limited to drinking, eating, and maybe a small quotient of attending class. Not to say maintaining a good relationship with Netflix isn't a respectable way to spend your time... just maybe not all of it.
New Video Questions False Promises of Online Education Industry. 
Starbucks and Arizona State Create a New Education Pathway. The first lesson is it's about the student. The promise of an education is not a \point in time\ moment but a life long, evolving, arduous road filled with roadblocks and hidden surprises.
'The Drunk Song' Understands Your Drinking Habits Too Well. 
Yes, Virginia, There Are Bad Teachers. \So I guess you just deny that there are any bad teachers at all.\ This is a popular retort to various forms of \Your system for evaluating teachers is a lousy system.\ It is a dumb retort. It is dumb in the same way the following exchanges are dumb.
Curbing America's Homework Habit, California Parents Press School to Stop the Homework Madness. Nationwide, adolescents and teens are routinely grinding through 10- or 12-hour days. They're sacrificing a decent night's sleep, exercise, family time, a social life, and spare moments to simply read, invent, dream, or explore--everything that's essential to a growing mind
Financial Advice for Recent College Graduates. 
Beginning the Struggle. It takes a novelist to remind us of something that is difficult for us to see from our perspective at the center of our own experience, namely, that our lives follow the curve of a narrative.
The 28 Lessons You Learn On Birthright. 
Teagle Promotes Collaborative Humanities Learning at Stanford. Professor David Lummus's \Italy
Here's How Much It'd Cost To Launch A Radical New Tuition Model. 
Graduation Ceremonies Turned Into Silent Protests At Elite Universities. 
How Your Student Debt Can Make You Sick And Depressed. 
Empowering the Next Generation of Scientists. Michael Bodekaer, 30 and Mads Bonde, 29, founded Labster, an internationally focused company dedicated to the development of pioneering online tools for teaching science globally.
Diverse Conversations. 
Tenure. A common public misperception is that tenure perpetuates mediocrity by permitting lifetime appointments for lackluster professors. In practice, the reverse is true
An Open Letter to Graduation Speakers. We are shaming a whole generation into thinking there is something wrong with wanting a steady job, a good marriage, and perhaps some children, as if doing all those things and only making a modest living doing it somehow constitutes being a failure.
Hosting an Exchange Student Expands Your World. 
Vergara Identified A Few Real Problems, But It's Completely Wrong About The Solutions. Judge Treu's opinion unfortunately reflects a misunderstanding of education research and teacher employment law's effects. His decision also erodes labor protections without increasing the likelihood of an excellent education for students in low-income communities.
Education Reformers Keep Saying They Want to Pay Teachers More -- Do They Mean It?. You would think \Let's pay teachers more\ would be a fairly straightforward proposal. We could raise state taxes or even use some of that free federal money that DC makes appear out of nowhere.
Vergara v. California Decision. Lengthening the tenure decision process from two to three or even five years will not change the fact that our schools themselves, and the teachers they can afford to hire, vary wildly from district to district, often even from town to town.
Large Number Of Recent College Grads Still Rely On Money From Parents. 
Swarthmore College President Surprises Community. 
Once a Welder, Now a Teacher. 
The Power of 'Yes'. 
The Day I Met James Franco. Of all his 32 years, James Franco has become this generation's definitive inspirational scholar and this video validates that statement to the 10th power. For years, I've watched this video whenever I needed a bit of a boost of inspiration.
Don't Call Them Dropouts. No one should sit in judgment of the challenging choices many Americans have to make and the circumstances that lead them to leave school.
The Global Search for Education. If you're not aware of the hottest current digital device debate, you're probably not a parent or an educator.
Can Research Identify a School That's Working?. The most fundamental part of local control is the community definition of what a working school looks like.
Just Another Brick in the Wall. Is a given lesson worth teaching? I may not always be sure of the answer, but I'm pretty sure that's the question we should be asking, rather than employing discipline, or demanding self-discipline, or pulling stuff off the walls in hopes that students will devote their attention to something whose value is simply taken for granted.
Sex Talk...Part 2. In an earlier post, I wrote about when I first started speaking on college campuses it was about addictions
Alumni Feel 'Deja Vu' On College Sexual Assault Controversies. 
Diverse Conversations. 
Should Teachers Stop Fighting for Tenure?. 
Recent College Grads Are Flocking To These Cities. 
An Educator's Lament. Blaming teachers for education's problems is like blaming doctors for the epidemic of obesity. In both cases the root causes are societal. There's no rush to blame doctors, because, I suspect, doctors are not unionized and until very recently tended to vote Republican.
Why Would Learning Be the Goal of 21st Century Schools?. The real villain, I believe, is not standards-based reform but the way it was high-jacked by test-driven accountability hawks.
Manufacturing Jobs for Women. Even when you tell them about the many high-paying jobs that are available in the manufacturing industry, it is just not a career that they are considering. And of those few high school students who might show an interest, fewer yet would be young women.
High School Dropout Rate. 
Professor Says CSU Fired Him For Appearing On A Beer Can. 
Corley Gibbs. Plants live a sedentary life (in case you forgot) but that doesn't mean they live a boring one. In order for plants to survive they must be constantly responding to the environment around them.
Business Group Pledges $500,000 Campaign For Common Core -- Who Will It Really Benefit?. Someday, maybe 12 years from now, they think, all children will be college-ready, even if they live in squalor or have no home, even if they attend overcrowded classes with inexperienced teachers. Are they gullible? Or do they believe the public can be easily deceived?
10 Easy Tips to Take You from College to Success in Jobs, Love and Life. Graduation speakers generally leave out specific, practical information about the steps you need to take to move from the world of school to the grown-up world of work and relationships.
Why the Lack of Women in Politics?. The main problem is that there are currently not many women holding significant positions, making it harder for young women to find role models.
Intersecting Ideas. The truth is, the solutions to our toughest problems will not be found through a narrow specialization, but rather through an interdisciplinary approach, where each field of study can provide a stepping-stone to the eventual solution.
Why the Santa Barbara Shooting Is a Hate Crime. Elliot Rodger's crime was not a blind one but a targeted one, aimed primarily at the women he felt rejected him, but also at the men he saw as competitors for women's sexual attentions. Either way, this was a misogyny-based hate crime. This was violence against women.
What Every Parent Needs to Know About Their Schools. 
The Problem With Percentages and Education. The national focus on elite and other selective post-secondary institutions obscures the enormity of the positive work other institutions provide and undermines the valuable information they can share about successful strategies for first-generation college students.
Let The Controversy Commence!. History shows us that critics--outliers, whistleblowers, radicals of various kinds -- are usually the first to be silenced, so we should never be complicit in the work of silencing those with whom we disagree.
Beyond Principals. 
My Message to Harvard Kennedy School Grads. Even as some countries continue steadily along the path toward greater democracy, others have taken some concerning steps back with respect to political rights and civil liberties. Your challenge is to ensure that democracy expands, deepens, and delivers.
Remarks to Babson College. Even if you're not yet an entrepreneur, you can be entrepreneurial in everything you do. If you view each stop as an opportunity to learn something, there is always something you will take away from that experience.
Years Later. It seems more done for the re-issue of the fun -- on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, and for a while, Snapchat. The actual experience may be less important than the postscript and interpretation.
Top 10 Things Not to Say to Your 20-Something. As parents of 20-somethings, you may be idling uncertainly between Mother's and Father's Days, wondering where you belong, until you realize
My Classroom, Not My Island. As a woman of color and a life-long Chicagoan, I try to present to my students a curriculum that is both academically rigorous and culturally relevant. I teach for a better, more tolerant world, and because I know my students are capable of wrestling with the \u201cheavy,\u201d I never hesitate to bring it into our classroom.
Inequality Deepens on University Campuses. As the incomes of the 25 best-paid public university presidents soared, the livelihoods of their faculty deteriorated. Students comprise another university constituency that is faring poorly.
Paul Tough Explains Why 'Rich Kids Graduate; Poor and Working-Class Kids Don't'. Twenty-something years ago, few people contended that it made sense to treat teenagers with 5th grade skills as children, and drill them on elementary-level worksheets. Now, this educational malpractice has been repackaged as \standards-based learning\ and an instructional \best practice.\
Adventures in Instructional Coaching. Working as an Instructional Coach is a delicate balance of learning how to balance being a coach who frequently talks teachers \off the ledge\ and not losing your teaching credibility.
Human Trafficking. The demand for this slave labor derives from the search for commercial sex or cheap labor. So why isn't the current slave trade an issue of more concern?
A Commonsense Solution to School Inequality. Neighborhoods no longer serve as Americans' primary social networks or source of friends and advisers. More and more, these aspects of life are becoming part of the workplace; offices have even been called the new neighborhood.
Amherst President Tells Grads To Take Pride In Starting A National Movement. 
Brown Honors Graduates, Fails Survivors. Brown failed me. Now, I want to make sure that it doesn't fail the next generation of students.
The Prince Edward County Free School. For some kids, education means a chance at a life that is not 14 hours a day of backbreaking labor, risking lives to leave families and toil as migrant laborers across the treacherous border; it means hope for a better future.
In Defense of Light and Magic. Originally, one attended a \university\ to study the universe and to seek one's niche in it. The best universities are still such places, where the connections that bind us to one another and to the cosmos are unveiled. Being an educator -- helping students celebrate the mystery and explore the connections -- is, on good days, magical indeed.
Questions I Would Ask. As the school year ends for all levels of education, I want to put forward one final quiz especially for our high school and college students to answer. If you do not know the answer to a question, just move quickly to the next one.
How Not to Defend the Humanities. The greatest threat in defending the humanities is that our true motivation become the love that dare not speak its name. We must not let that happen.
Working Toward the Future. 
How American Universities Turned Into Corporations. 
Fraternity Suspended For Putting Hot Sauce On Pledges' ... Um, Areas. 
Meet the Fishman Winners!. 
The Curse of Perfect Spelling. I aced every one of those 10-word spelling quizzes teachers like to spring on their students. Little did I know they were secretly trying to identify the best candidates for the school spelling bee. Had I realized their plot, I might have flubbed my answers.
Pomp. Circumstance. Panic.. Long ago, I was a nervous young graduate forced to appear in public wearing a humiliating cap-and-gown ensemble. What the real world had in store for me, I did not know. I presumed it would be like The Real World, whereby a television producer would provide me with a spectacular free loft to live in with a group of fun-loving peers.
Emerson's Advice to Millennials. Our generation needs to always remember that over a hundred years before us, people stood right where we were and felt very similar things, struggling with the same issues. People have always had to dig themselves out of messes they had nothing to do with creating.
6 Totally Unsolicited Tips For My Little Brother On Graduation Weekend. My little brother is graduating college this weekend, which makes him the first person in my immediate family to do that. It's a big accomplishment. So, naturally, I wrote him a list of 6 tips he didn't ask for and will probably ignore. You know. To celebrate.
The Graduation Gift You Can't Afford to Miss. 
Why Public Liberal Arts Colleges?. The answer, I believe, is rooted in a particular history and vision of what post-secondary public education in a healthy democracy ought to look like.
How To Give A Commencement Speech In 8 Steps. 
Home Ec 2.0. So many people are struggling with their \home economics.\ Even though convenience foods may seem cheap, they're almost always more expensive per serving than the home-made version.
Escape From Poverty for a Few More Students Is Not a Worthy National Goal. The rhetoric has shifted from condemning the soft bigotry of low expectations and leaving no child behind to declaring that education reform is the civil rights issue of our time and initiating competitions to race to the top.
Performance Measurement in Health Care and Education. In both the education and health care contexts, among the more common objections to adjusting performance measures is the idea that doing so represents \setting different expectations\ for institutions (schools/hospitals) based on the people they serve.
Expanding Opportunity for AAPI Communities Through Education. As with every other race, obtaining a college degree means facing lower rates of unemployment. For AAPIs, having a college education means shaving nearly 2 percentage points off the unemployment rate compared to AAPIs with only a high school education.
How to Fill Those Empty Spaces on Your Resume. Throughout most of my twenties, I questioned my resume and its legitimacy. But lately, I have also begun to question the legitimacy of resumes, period.
Why Did Corporate Reformers Overlook Newark's Children and Families?. 
Student Pays Tribute At Graduation To Twin Sister Shot Dead By Cops. 
Black Men at Princeton Share Their Experiences. This group's perspectives, sentiments, and realities are often not shared publicly in a setting where a history of elitism, privilege, and power is deeply-rooted.
When's The Right Time To Leave A One-Night Stand?. 
Peyton Manning Goes To Graduation, Starts Throwing Passes To Seniors. 
Why Happiness Is Like Cotton Candy. 
Love Makes Space. Each year at this time, when I'm called upon to send 600 graduating seniors out into the world, I'm struck by how differently the educators, the graduates, and their families perceive the moment.
Being Intentional About Defining 'College Life'. There are many different types of institutions offering different education models.  But when consumers think about college, the first image that comes into the mind of many is that of the residential liberal arts college.
Are Common Core Standards Actually Data Tags?. Decoupling? Not going to happen. You can't have a data system without tagging, and you can't have a tagging system with nothing to tag. Education and teaching are just collateral damage in all this, and not really the main thing at all.
Reclaim the Promise of Brown v. Board. How is it that, 60 years after the Brown v. Board of Education decision that ended the legal basis for separate but equal schooling, some public schools in the United States have gleaming labs, libraries and laptops while others lack textbooks, toilet paper and teachers certified in their subjects?
Teachers -- The Greatest Common Core Casualty?. I know that teaching is not the only profession where workers must \get by\ on the resources they receive, but the consequences have the widest ripple effect.
Reforming College Debt, Part I. 
How I Engage in Racial Profiling. 
Progress and Challenges 60 Years After Brown v. Board. In 1954, Brown v. Board may have seemed like the end of a long struggle for educational equality. In fact, it was the beginning. We face a lot of challenges today in our communities, our country and on our planet.
Understanding Brown v. Board of Education. To understand the impact of Brown, it is crucial to understand Milliken v. Bradley, which is far less well-known. Indeed, the latter decision has in many ways had an even more lasting impact on education.
60 Years After Brown v. Board, America's School Boards Call for Vigilance. We must stay focused on investing equitably in our public schools and students, and we must not be diverted by programs that have the effect of re-segregating America's public education system.
60 Years After Brown v. Board, Will Congress Revive A Dual School System?. On the 60th anniversary of Brown v. Board, Congress is set to expand a dual school system. One bound by laws, the other deregulated. One free to select the \winners, \ the other bound to accept all.
A Tale of Two Kindergartens -- Well, Three Now That I Think About It. 
Does High School Matter?. 
The Bright Side Of Getting Rejected From College. 
Increasing Diversity in the STEM Pipeline. If the United States seeks to remain competitive in a global economy, it is essential that colleges and universities graduate more students majoring in the science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) disciplines.
Suggestions for Seniors Graduating From College. Be aware that staying the course is considered by many a virtue, and flitting from one path to another every six months is not an advertisement for your persistence or stability when applying to graduate programs or seeking employment.
Wisconsin Senate Blind-Sided By the Department of Public Instruction. Nearly three years later, just yesterday, the Wisconsin State Senate finally caught wind of the investigation through the media, and decided to inquire further.
White House's Pick For Tackling Sexual Assault Has Some Problems Of Its Own. 
Use Proven Programs or Manage Using Data? Two Approaches to Evidence-Based Reform. 
The Case for Online Education. We can measure and respond to students' behavior much more easily and quickly when education is digital than when it is analog.
College. 
Weingarten Wants Common Core; Lewis Says We're Done. I cannot stand CCSS because I know what it is
Results for America. As time goes on, Results for America is making significant inroads in the policy world, helping political leaders of all stripes get comfortable with the idea of heightening the role of evidence in policymaking.
My Journey Into the Spotlight. Why did I write the letter if all of these things are true? Because over the past eleven years, I have been more and more concerned over the 15-20 percent of students who have given up on their education.
Tuition Cuts and Tuition \Cuts\. In a recent report on the state of legal education, Moody's, the credit rating service, noted in passing that tuition cuts are not necessarily an effective tactic for improving enrollment. The rationale is important for people to understand.
Be a Girl Who Writes. Be a girl who writes because you'll better understand when life throws unexpected hurdles in your way -- as plot twists give us necessary segues -- and because you'll know that some relationships need to end when there are no more plotlines left to have between two people.
Four Ways You Can Seek Back Pay For An Unpaid Internship. 
Story Time From Space. There's lots of great science going on on the International Space Station, involving not only professional scientists but tens of thousands of students who have participated in the Student Spaceflight Experiments Program. And now there's another way for kids, parents, and teachers to be a part of the human adventure of space exploration
The 4 Things Every College Graduate Needs To Hear About What Not To Do. 
Lawmakers Say More Work Needed After White House Task Force On Campus Rape. 
Getting Serious About Ending Campus Rape. Cases involving drugs or alcohol may be challenging to investigate if the victim is impaired. But that makes it all the more important to conduct a thorough investigation to put the evidence together.
Public School Apartheid in Harlem. At some point, we tacitly consented to the notion that providing only 20 percent of the children in Harlem, those that win the lottery and go to charter schools, with adequate teachers, equipment and food, is a morally acceptable public policy.
A Teacher's Words to Louis C.K.. I'm not out to criticize Louis C.K. or to throw fuel on the firefights over Common Core.  But from the perspective of this particular third grade teacher, I respectfully disagree with him.  Let me tell you why.
All Parents Need Access to Education Data Now. The most useful information comes when parents, educators, and others with a stake in education have access to data that help them understand how well our kids are doing and empower them to make better decisions that improve student achievement.
Economics Students From 19 Countries Demand Overhaul of Economics Education. 
What Your Average School Lunch Looks Like. The health of our youth seems to be getting worse and worse.
Cyberbullying's Impact on Our Children and What Schools Can Do. The impact that technology has had on our children because they are now always connected is that they now have become very disconnected with each other.
Myths of Spoiled Children and Other Things. We love to hold fast to our points of view without regard to evidence to the contrary. This is particularly the case in so-called educational reform, where most of the prescriptions for what ails education are based on assumptions that are simply not true.
Unions and College Football. While the Northwestern decision will probably not change college football as we know it today, it could stimulate a reasoned discussion on the contributions of college athletes to the revenue generated by football and basketball.
Rutgers Invites Paralyzed Player To Speak, Then Takes It Back. 
Freedom With a Twist of Maturity. The only reason I actually studied and did my work in high school, I thought, was to get into a good college and to keep my parents out of my hair. But now that I am at good college, why am I still working hard?
Three Strategies for Building Classroom Culture and Stopping Bullying in Schools. The teachers who are most effective in stopping bullying are the ones who work purposefully and systematically to create classroom cultures in which kindness is valued over coolness.
Student Texts 'Goodbye Mama' In Final Message Right Before Tornado Strikes. 
To The Princeton Privileged Kid. 
Reading, Writing and Arithmetic. I recently attended meetings and award events at the University of Colorado at Boulder and the University of Virginia. As always happens when I am on a college campus, I was struck by the importance and value of education.
Defense Against Offense. In the same way that the apology has slowly begun to put the impetus of offense on the offended, it has now become the job of every Internet user to pretend to be as detached and armored as possible.
What My Students Think Is The Best Way to Engage Students. Be prepared, because I can never predict what they may think or say.  So, here is what my students think is the best way to engage students.
What If You Could Learn Like a Jedi. People change, beliefs change, systems change, everything changes. When education doesn't evolve with these changes, it affects our present and future.
Mathematics, Magic and Mystery. Mathematics is all about numbers and number crunching, right?  Actually, no, only part of it is. It's more about curiosity, logic, patterns and beauty, and also has its share of delicious surprise, wonder, intrigue, paradox, mystery and magic.
Motivational Psychology and Leadership in Higher Education. Motivational psychology has been a popular topic recently as private-sector employers have been turning to social science for ideas on how to better motivate employees, improve performance, and increase their bottom lines.
North Carolina, Your Teachers Are Worth More. Here's something education reformers, union leaders and pretty much anyone paying attention can agree on
Justices Get It Wrong on Race. Well beyond skin color, race matters because historical discrimination created an unfair advantage for whites that will continue to reproduce itself indefinitely, even if all intentional discrimination were to end tomorrow.
A Plan For Education. 
Sexual Assault Prevention. Three years ago, the American University administration announced that it would not be signing off on a grant proposal to the US Department of Justice for $300,000 in funding for sexual assault prevention resources because there would be a mandatory education component for students.
Deconstructing The New SAT. If admissions officers do not see the value in a test that is better aligned with the Common Core and continue to assign equal weight to both tests, the new SAT will be in a precarious position as students migrate in droves to the ACT.
A Final Lesson for Grads. If your boss needs results by Friday, deliver them Thursday. If she asks for two good solutions for some challenge, give her four great ones. Over-delivering is key.
Looking Forward. What has been fascinating to see since we took the E-Colors into the schools is the speed of uptake that the children and students utilize the process and the primary applications such as Personal Intervention.
For-Profit College Offers Students Pizza to Lobby Against Obama Regulation. While it storms government offices with high-priced lobbyists, the for-profit college industry also is aiming to flood Washington with cards and letters from their students and staff opposing President Obama's gainful employment rule.
The Jets, Michael Vick and a College Dilemma. Having served his time, is Michael Vick entitled to resume his profession? I'd say yes. Are people entitled to protest him and his animal abuse past? Also yes. But what about the bigger question
Closing the High School Graduation Gap. America's creed does not guarantee equality of condition, but it does promise equality of opportunity.  Education is fundamental to an opportunity society, and America must redouble its efforts to close its high school graduation gap.
Elite Colleges Are Getting Harder To Get Into. 
No Place for Poetry on My Son's Common Core ELA Test. Ever since Beowulf, poetry has been critical to the development of the English language. We are now seeing a form of literary expression disappear without any discussion of whether it has a role to play in modern education.
Is the American Dream a Dream Deferred?. As an immigrant who became a citizen as a teenager, I have no choice but to understand and embrace these issues. However, real change and real difference will not happen until those who can't relate or don't understand decide to embrace the core issues plaguing our education system.
Promposal. 
What My Students Think About School Lunch. In my years as an educator, I have spent the majority of my time with teenagers between the ages of 13 and 18, and I have come to one certainty
This 'What You're Like Drunk vs. Sober' Video Is Sadly On Point. 
3 Technologies Bolstering STEM Learning. 
Higher Accountability for College Dropout Rates. 
Another University Stops Students From Passing Out Copies Of The Constitution. 
Applying Third Metric Principles to the College Application Process. My only son will enter college as a first-year student in the fall. For the most part of the last year, he, and his parents, were immersed in the college-application rat race. It is very easy to lose sight of what is really important in the college search and application process.
From Days of Auld Langdell. 
Godzilla vs. Godot. Godot, of course, was no monster, but Godzilla and Godot have more in common than a first syllable. They are the two opposing faces of despair
Living History in Covington High School. 
How State Lawmakers Are Using Budget Cuts To Control Colleges. 
Supreme Court Decision Undermines Education and Opportunity. University admissions programs are not the place to promote partisan visions of social justice, but they are the place to produce the most dynamic and profound learning environments.
Can We Finally Get Rid Of This Frat Now?. 
The Real Future Economy. This workerless economy isn't going to happen tomorrow, but we should begin to think about it.
A Q and A On Everything College. Myths as rumors are often untrue and exasperate any situation. This is the case with the college admissions process as so many students and parents hear things that are just not the case.
Student Athletes or Employees. What we need is truth in packaging and promotion. What we also need is a system that puts the concerns of all of those who participate in college sports first.
Taking Back Ownership of Our Food. Let's grow our own food, and build communities supporting each other's production. Let's learn to do so in all kinds of spaces from neglected urban spaces to suburban backyards.
Thinking Beyond the Box. Those of us who are staunch advocates of HBCUs must not allow our support to impede a critical, yet objective analysis of what these institutions must do to become more competitive and responsive.
The Global Search for Education. 
Start a Protest in Your Library. 
Brainstorming Middle School. If we want our children to help us preserve, sustain and re-imagine the world, we have to give them a chance to try it now.
Staunch Majority of California Voters Support Pre-K. Through these proposals, we can provide every four-year-old with high-quality pre-k and serve more of our most vulnerable infants and toddlers with evidence-based, comprehensive services that they need to thrive.
The More You Pay, the More It's Worth. Those lists are what stick with readers, even though The Atlantic, Slate and The Economist cite flaws in the report's methodology and acknowledge the complexity of determining the true value of higher education.
Student Athletes or Employees. We want to believe that when we are watching college sports that we are seeing amateurs competing for the joy of competition and the love of the game. But, as we examined things more closely we got a different picture that caused us to modify our view and might also change public opinion somewhat.
How Much College Football Players Should Be Making. 
How To Figure Out What You Really Want To Do In Life. 
Why Doesn't the New York Times Understand the Controversy Over Common Core?. How can the nation's \newspaper of record\ be so seriously indifferent to or ignorant of the major education issue of our day?
Bowdoin's Double Bogey. This is American higher education today
Why Being Rejected By Your Dream School Isn't The End Of The World. 
My Son Only Read One Book in Middle School. Great reading can be done in middle school if we take the focus off standardized testing.
'The Only Way I Can Do This Research Project Is If I Become A Stripper'. 
